This gets asked a lot, both from urban planners who would like a 'silicon ' miracle for their area and by various company people. Clearly having several great engineering schools nearby (Stanford, Berkeley, SJSU, UCSC, Etc) helps. Clearly having a big pile of money sitting in pockets around Sand Hill Road helps. Clearly having an ecosystem of job shops that can 'fill in' all of the various functions from prototype manufacturing to legal services helps. Of course none of that happened all at once. There was Fairchild, there were the various 'secret' projects hosted out of Stanford in the early 50's, so at some level there needs to be a seed ecosystem that can exist with a small set of customers but is applicable to a larger set. What is your time worth? Generally startups seem to have a fairly common lifecycle (at least in the embryonic stages). Vision -> work to prototype/proof of concept -> { Seed | Exit }. If it is not self-funded the founders should have talked to at least Angel investors, they should have a list of questions that investors have been asking them prior to deciding to invest, and they should have a plan for answering those questions. If they don't, then they may have lost their way. If they are lost then staying is a waste of your time. Given that Bing clearly uses the clickstream to influence its results pages, at what point to SEO folks run farms of machines in a network which resolve 'google.com' to a process that returns a fixed set of results for a given query? Imagine this scenario, I create 10,000 VM instances of windows running IE8 with the Bing toolbar. I create a local host to 'stand in' for Google such that it emulates the actual Google site (one could even used scraped Google content) and for my 'target' query it returns my spammy results, and then my VM machine clicks on one of the spammy links. It seems that Google's sting worked because their queries had small return rates, but with some resources it would seem a viable way to inject SEO love right into the bloodstream of Bing's ranking algorithm. As I see it, a whole new front just opened up for spammers. --Chuck I suspect that they are, and when you can simulate a million users doing what ever activity you want them to be doing then the impact on Google and lots of stuff will change. Of course my favorite was the Amazon hack of repeatedly putting some item in a shopping cart and then adding in a bit of pr0n (or some other weird combination) so that Amazon would put the other item in their auto suggest product combination. The humourous thing is that Dvorak points out the ink equation. This self inflicted inversion of value by artifical manipulation of supply of ink. However manufacturers are on to that (since they create the artificial ink market) by selling new printers with 'demo' cartridges which are 1/2 to 1/10th the volume of 'real' cartridges. Given that the patents around inkjet printing are expiring it might be time to really shake up the market with a printer which doesn't demand the ink tax. Except its water which kinda defines incompressible. Answer is thermal energy from tectonic processes. Cite: http://www.sciencedirect.com/science?_ob=ArticleURL&_udi... "Imlacs are wiped out." Priceless. --Chuck I had the same response, but I realize (having worked there for a while) that there is a strong 'star' culture meme that sort of permeates the place. I wondered if she was feeling out of sorts with all the publicity folks like Marissa or Eric or some of the other 11 SVPs carry around. Can never know for sure of course. Then again, Google may be setting her up to be COO and pointing out that 96% of all the money they make comes from groups under her would be a good way to start that conversation. I agree that he missed the point about what argumentation really is. If you do it right you, your 'opponent' and everyone else listening learns something. Its a common dilemma. Generally I find it relates to pay and skills rather than age. In that for a given skill there is a market rate. If you're an engineer and you've been in the industry for long enough you may find that annual adjustments moved your salary above the market price. If you're middle age, and you've kept up with the latest technologies, and you're adding to your skills basket, generally it seems you're still employed. If you 'retired in grade' at some point and thought you would work until you could collect social security doing the same thing you've always done, well that hasn't worked out in practice. The referenced article is not even wrong. Take the pool of qualified people who can do a job, order it by most able to least able. Now intersect that line with demand for people who can do the job. From the intersection point to the top you will see a gradual rise in salary with a sharp peak in the top 1%, below the line you will find unemployed folks. Has nothing to do with vision, widgets, or films. The question is can you be replaced by someone who will be as productive as you are, for the same salary? Then you're on the short list. If you can be replaced for less salary, you will be. Caveat the presence of an external force which warps the economics. Being terrified of change is an evolutionary dead end. At a talk Leonard Nimoy gave at USC on his poetry he remarked that his garden had taught him that one could learn to value the change in in a thing over the current state of that thing. I found that to be a fairly profound statement and worth remembering. The claim that youth would be at an eternal disadvantage in an ageless world not supported by observations in the current world. If having more time conferred universal advantage then youth today could not compete with those older than them. This is clearly not the case and demonstrated by young entreprenuers every day. To the extent that the cellular processes active in creative, contemplative, and evaluative thinking are exposed, if it becomes common to unify those processes in the functioning of everyone's consciousness then it is possible it would give rise to a modest time advantage for those who had been thinking longer about the same things. The more I read the news, the more I appreciate watching The Twighlight Zone :-) Very much state dependent, and very much modified by the employment agreement (if you had one) when you joined a company. You can, and should, strike any objectionable material from the employment agreement, have the HR person who is helping you with your first day paperwork sign off on the changes, make a copy of the document, have the HR person sign the copy acknowledging it is a true copy of what was signed, and put that somewhere safe. If the company won't accept your changes, then that is your signal that not only do they intend to own IP rights to perhaps everything you have done or will do, they also intend to litigate for those rights which you will have signed over to them with the agreement. That is a good time to decide if you want to work there or not. For folks who are thinking about changing companys but have yet to make the jump, ask your future employer to give you a copy of the employment agreement before you accept their offer. Have it reviewed by a lawyer. That way you can find out before you give notice that you weren't going to work there anyway. At least for tech employees there is enough demand on the hiring side to give you an advantage. So I have been known to make the claim that the next great re-flowering of tech will begin in 2015 and grow solidly through 2020. I base that claim on the observation that patent silliness really ramped up in 1995 and grew exponentially to 2000, those patents expire between 2015 and 2020. And while technology overwhelmed the ability of patent examiners to credibly evaluate its novelty or newness, that doesn't matter once the patent is now public domain. If Google follows its internal policies it will have to fire him. (err let him go) And while I agree that he did it on his "own time" as you will recall all of the news reports pegged him as a "Google Executive" which certainly gives the impression that its Google sanctioned (which it wasn't according to the article). I've been on both sides of this question at various times in my career and it really requires the employee to decide which is more important to them and then to dedicate themselves to that and step away from the other. I think Wael made his choice, and I admire him for it. (I find that he keeps getting demoted too, he started out in charge of everything in the middle east and now he is down to a mere product manager :-) "If you want to know that you’re being given a valid address, send it an email and have the user click a validation link in it, and stop annoying your users!" Epic fail. Its this sort of approach that ends up resulting in cross site scripting bugs. Oh just take what ever the user typed in, and send it to the server they told me to send it to. Boom! The perl code is perfectly reasonable for validating RFC compliant addresses. True, although I'm a fan of 'tiered' services since robots (spammers, trolls, and others) also participate, I'd like a way of saying "this is a real person". If you're looking for a startup idea how about a service that creates an anonymous ID (to me anyway) where the user provides that id to me, I send it to a service and get back a 'reputation' bit which says if you're a good guy or a bad guy (person what ever). And a way to report you've not been co-operating so that others can benefit. Ebay reputation model but nominally anonymous. (at some point in some server somewhere there will be a way to link token a to token b but I'm totally ok if it can't be resolved into an actual person.) I note with mock irony that this works fine on blekko.com in any browser. You push the "this is spam" link in the SERP results and poof, its dead to you. (Disclaimer: I work at Blekko) Rediscovering your passion is probably the most important thing you can do for yourself at the moment. Going 'walkabout' as the Austrailians say has a couple of great aspects to it; first you take yourself out of your routine surroundings, second you create a different set of day to day tasks which helps keep you out of the rut you find yourself in at home. If you are the camping type, hitting the parks can be great (Yosemite, Grand Canyon, Yellow stone, Carlsbad, Grand Tetons, Etc.) If you are more inspired by cultural endeavors hitting the museuems, music festivals, cultural celebrations are good. The goal of any good walkabout is first to empty yourself, which is to dump all the day to day things that wear upon your consciousness and get back to a place where your true passions can be sensed. Let your curiosity take you down different roads. Learn a new language, explore a new culture. Recapture the wonder of learning something knew for the sake of learning it. Remember that when you are aged and contemplating the end of your days, you probably won't be thinking "I wish I spent more time at work." :-) Thanks for posting this, its an excellent insight. It was interesting when Intel fail to deliver on their roadmap. Here is a link from 2000 where Intel was alleged to be saying 10Ghz by 2011 http://www.geek.com/articles/chips/intel-predicts-10ghz-chip... Which of course lead to the great Multi-core debate (AMD started it, Intel followed with two physical die on a package later to integrate into a single die). Which lead to the great Memory channel bottleneck (Intel was in-order single channel, AMD was multi-channel) and resolution (everyone now is multi-channel). GPUs on the other hand have always had memory bandwidth issues so they went wide, the GPU equivalent of multi-channel, from the start. They also benefit from a feature of graphics which was 'do this same algorithm on all of these texels' which is straight forward to parallelize. And as nuclear weapons designers, and genomic researchers will tell you, GPUs are also useful in doing MIMD simulations. Its less clear what the parallel architecture breakthrough is for OLAP type problems (or parallel file systems as an even easier example) These have lots of operations in parallel but they also have high connectivity of data synchronicity across those parallel threads which, at the moment, brings everything down to earth. Fun times! This is not news, the business model "Create a scary threat, offer a solution" is old. I would not be surprised if some paleontologist asserted that the first 'sharpened' rock was marketed as a defense against the sabertooth tiger meanace. How does it work for EADS ? (Airbus manufacturer) When I was there the Code of Conduct required that all employees abide by the (US version) of the foreign nations laws which precluded (among other things) advocating for the overthrow of any legitimate government, colluding with government or non-government agencies in the public policy area without registering as a 'lobbyist' (there are different terms in different countries), doing anything that would suggest a conflict of interest between Google and the legitimate government. Responses available to the company when an employee had been found to violate the code included things like prosecuting the individual for damages and of course termination. It was all pretty standard boilerplate kind of stuff. There were higher standards for managers than rank and file as well. But mostly I think it is in there to try to mitigate retaliation from countries against Google corporate. But let me re-iterate, I don't claim that they would or should fire Wael, I'm just saying that a strict reading of it would make that their next step. Imagine what happens if Mubarak sues Google for lost income, personal distress, Etc, because their employee lead the effort to displace him? Never under estimate the gall of a plaintiff lawyer if their target has a huge cash reserve. I'm saying that tech got ahead of the patent office in the 90's, and that combined with a zeal to 'own the road' as a business model had companies patenting anything and everything. That of course then spawned a huge patent trolling industry which has had a significant chilling effect on companies. A very real consequence of this was "datasheets." Prior to the great patent rush semiconductor companies published datasheets which described their chips in great detail. This allowed engineers to write software to use the chip and build systems with them. By the late 90's the "datasheet" for the interesting chips in a system (sound chips, video processor, GPU, etc) had devolved into a description of electrical signals, pinouts, thermal data, and just enough information to verify the chip was functioning. Detailed information about programming was only available under NDA and sometimes only with a binding purchase agreement in place. Being particularly frustrated by this when writing a driver for a video chip, I used every ounce of influence I had to talk to the guy at the company where the chip was made who "owned" that decision (which is to say he could have said, 'let anyone have the data sheet' and it would have happened). His response was that they didn't release the data sheet because while they didn't believe they violated anyone's patent in their designs, it was impossible to prove that they didn't (you can't prove a negative and all that) and so they took the expedient route of restricting the number of people who "knew" how their chip did what it did to reduce the attack surface for patent trolls. This has been, apparently, the standard operating procedure for over a decade now. The combination of the 20 year window (which means even if someone patented something its expired by now) and an improvement in the ability of patent examiners to deal with "tech" (we've now got examiners who were in high school in 1995 so they understand at a much better level novelty when it comes to tech). Means tech companies can engage with individuals with less risk, and that using techniques "everyone knows" or uses is much less likely to come bite you back. No idea how big a damper it will turn out to have been, but I'm watching for the signs ... Poorly. But to make this post more than just noise, much of the Google culture for a long time revolved around personal relationships and being in peoples cubes to get their attention. Not something you could do from home anyway. The Anybot experiment would have been interesting to see. Its a crazy idea, and I agree with the author that implementing it would be suicide for San Francisco. That being said, the existing system of 'employee stock purchase programs' or ESPPs where employees are required to tell the company when they sell them (even if they are no longer with the company) if they hold them for less than 2 years, gives us a hint of how San Francisco might try to implement this. Company X issues a stock option and records the grant, employee exercises the option and Company X is required to pay 1.5% of the gain defined as the difference between the exercise price and the fair market price at the time of exercising) as tax when its exercised. This 'paper' gain is subject to the same taxes it would seem as AMT which has a similar "your liable for the tax even if you didn't get the gain" pain for tech employees. Restricted stock would no doubt be taxed at issue time, I would be surprised if it wasn't already but I'm not an accountant. "On the internet, nobody knows you are a stick drive." The concept isn't particularly astonishing, Here is the TV show from 71 that used this for entertainment http://www.imdb.com/title/tt0067551/ Of course with the Internet everything can be bigger/badder/etc. Looking at is from the perspective of algorithmic search (my current interest) its fascinating to see software which creates an entire "fake community" using things like markov-chain spam on hastily concocted php forum sites to simulate an organic community of interest. Literally, there is no way to know. Maybe we'll know that AI is here when it devlops sentience and then posts something witty on our facebook wall. New trust models, not 'friending' anyone you haven't met in person, alternative communities for verbal interaction. It just reminds me of the adage that demand creates products to fill that demand as soon as the economics favor creation. Better link http://www.avinc.com/nano the LA Times is pretty much content free. They forgot MusicMatch in 2007, there was a company that was on track to be iTunes became, except it ended up not going there. Perhaps 'anyone but Cisco'. There is a company that has more successfully than most integrated a number of companies into its structucture. Perhaps the most amazing (for me at least) is Linksys, which I predicted would result in an epic failure and yet their market share, and competitiveness has recovered after the post acquisition noise. I'd love to hear a Cisco Exec's opinion on their secret. Minor update, as you can see there are now governments accusing Google of formenting insurgencies. Credible or not, it started with Wael's press coverage as a "Google Executive." I believe that is why employers rather their employees don't engage like this. http://arstechnica.com/tech-policy/news/2011/02/russia-glenn... Congressional respresentatives can easily have more than 10,000 'contacts.' It would be interesting to see if Microsoft's Exchange server can handle more than 10,000. Active Directory certainly can. So perhaps it would be a competitive feature. For this community however I would agree there is always a tension between the 80 - 90% solution and the outliers. If you have more business than you can handle, supporting outliers seems like a waste of resources, the problem comes when someone decides to support those outliers and builds a system that can handle your customer base as well. That gives them the high ground competitively. From Google's perspective I suspect its not like they get enough revenue from this whole Apps business to make it worth their while, it seems to be more of a way to poke MS than a product. (But disclaimer time I use Google's app) There is actually a valid argument that investing in planetary / stellar exploration and exploitation is a net win for humanity. The 3He on the moon is probably the closest example, followed by the hydrocarbons in Titan's atmosphere. However there is the 'egg' problem of a viable industrial base off planet. I suspect that colonizing the moon has at least 'bonus value' associated with 3He supplies in the Chinese moon plans. To Eric's point, summarized here, layout is not style, and CSS is all about style. No word yet on a cascading layout sheets (CLS?) which would provide that sort of capability. I agree that this is an artifact of the amount of teaching material that is available using them, rather than their suitability as a current part. You still used TTL 7400N NAND gates in EE classes but would be hard pressed to find one in use (notably the TTL version). There are better opamps out there, and even some nice uni-polar rail to rail ones which would make for a better classroom experience but the concept of an opamp hasn't changed enough to make what you learn about opamps with a 741 invalid. The 555 on the other hand, well it could be replaced by an 8 bit internally clocked micro (ATTiny, PIC 12F*) but I've heard that in quantity they cost less than 5 cents so in that regard they are competitive. One of the things we did here was insure that managers stayed "in the middle" since at a small company its important to be accessible. That being said, sometimes as a manager one has to look at data which is private (say one of your direct report's current compensation plan) and for that we have private offices where folks can take their laptop and work privately for a while. Its a reasonable mix. Its interesting to see some of the changes that have impacted offices, and phones and IRC are a good example. It used to be that a company phone meant a unit on a desk somewhere, these days it can easily be a cell phone. With that restriction lifted. I find the tools (workstations, laptops) vs file cabinets, notebooks, and reference books, makes it easer to be 'present' where you have your laptop and your phone. And while 'open plan' is less expensive (certainly from a build out perspective) the communications you miss can be a bigger cost over all. Some colleges teach you to think, some don't. A 'classic' liberal arts education starts with debate, discussion, and rigor. An engineering school starts with terminology, overviews (survey classes), and specialization options. Learning to think takes both an institution willing to teach it and a student willing to learn it. However, it seems that a number of people, possibly more than half, under-estimate the value of learning how to motivate yourself to finish things in the presence of losing interest in doing so. Lots of people "get" the joke that the last 10% of a project takes 90% of the effort but they don't get the fact that folks who never learned how to motivate themselves through the finish (of which having a college degree is a reasonable signal) will 'drop out' at the 90% point at best, and become dead weight at worst. Combine that with the unemployment statistics of folks with versus those without college degrees and statistically it seems you want to be in the 'with' group. The bottom line is that college is the first place you get to show the world your work ethic and your 'mettle.' That's because for many its the first place where not-going is considered a legitimate option. You can be very successful without finishing college, see Bill Gates or Steve Jobs as examples, just like you can get into the National Football League or Major League Baseball by going to open tryouts. If your personality is suited to that, its going to be a great option for you. But success on those roads isn't the "more common" outcome. guilty as charged. What you are 'missing' and the folks who watched minority report or Avatar are lusting after, is a transparent piece of material that they can display stuff on. True, LCDs are, by their nature, transparent. However their contents are only 'visible' when there is light going through them, and they work by adjusting how much light passes through them using polarization. If you have a full spectrum light behind them, and you have red green and blue dots which you use for color selection, you get a color LCD. However, these don't generate light. And no, nobody has built one of those yet. To build such a display would no doubt require that you build a pixel out of three (or four) LEDs that are nominally transparent, such that turning them on would cause the pixel to appear. That would then make for a display which was clear, except for where it had data showing. So far, this technology (outside of using a projector to project the display on to a window where the user sees the reflection as the display) does not exist. Let's take this statement at face value and see if it passes the 'sniff' test. Q4 Financials: http://investor.google.com/earnings/2010/Q4_google_earnings.... Lets see two quotes: "GAAP net income in the fourth quarter of 2010 was $2.54 billion" "Google's partner sites generated revenues, through AdSense programs, of $2.50 billion, or 30% of total revenues, in the fourth quarter of 2010." If Google 'shut down all of Adsense' because they realized it compromised their search quality, they would have had only $40M in net revenue for the quarter last year. (Doing the simple math of removing AdSense revenue from the picture.) So you think Sergey and Larry would put up with a 30% drop in revenue to take the high road? We're talking 2.5 billion dollars here, not mouse nuts even to Google. Yes, where you give up traffic data to M$ and AT&T. I'm astonished that given that QR codes are royalty free that someone hasn't said "Oh gee, that is like a 10 minute web app", and blam. An interesting dilemma is it not? As you're young and inexperienced you are not unlike the 3 or 4 folks who become millionaires under the California lottery each year. So good news and bad news, good news is you have choices, bad news is commercial real estate is (by some estimates) the next thing to go into the crapper). Lets say you had $5M clear to work with. Yes, the 2 - 4% "return" is currently 'safe' money (which is to say treasury bill equivalents) so take $2M and buy a treasury bill 'ladder', these things are sold by the government quarterly and you can buy them at all maturities, so you split $2M equally into 40 parts, buy 10 year T-bills with their 3.5% return and you end up with about $70,000 a year (in the US at least) which is tax free. (So that is like having a salary of $110K/year before taxes.)You buy a place to live and if you want, you create another income stream to cover the taxes for that place. At that point you've insured you're not going to go homeless or hungry and you are left with between 1.5 - 2 million to be a bit more speculative with. Putting .5 - .75M into equities is a reasonable way to capture that growth and it gives you a way to augment some of your return. If you want to just "participate" then buying index funds on the S&P 500 can do that with minimal hassle. If you go the Angel route you can invite people to tell you how they are going to change the world and sponsor some of them. I suspect you will learn a lot doing this, but I would not expect it to be particularly profitable. You can find another niche, create a company to fill that niche, build it up and sell it too. Oh and I don't think you want a 'broker' what you want is a Financial Advisor (There is a separate certification for them, they don't trade stocks directly so they generally have less conflict of interest when it comes to fees). Sounds like a nice problem to have, hope you do better than the Californians (the Lottery here has depressing statistics about how some very large percentage of lottery winners have lost it all in 18 months, sad really). Hmm I used this page: http://www.treasury.gov/Pages/default.aspx and went to the 10yr note and looked at its return. So to be clear, I'm talking about US Treasury Bills and not Canadian Treasury Bills. If you have a relationship with a financial institution you can buy them 'directly' (which is to say you own t-bills as opposed to buy into a fund which invests in t-bills) at $10,000 each. (insert caveat about 'Goldman Sachs' which handles sales of t-bills to individual investors and takes a cut, grrrr) I don't have a magic bullet for finding a good financial advisor, mine cold called me in 1988 when I was at Sun and convinced me to by some California Municipal bonds. Now going on 23 years later I still consult her for financial advice. I think its more of a style thing in terms of being able to talk with someone about what makes sense and what doesn't with investing. To give you an example, I was waaaaaaaaaaay over invested in tech in the 90's. My advisor told me I was, but didn't push me to do something different. 2000 may not have had a y2k bug disaster but it was financially painful for me. Some folks might blame their advisor for not being forceful enough and getting me out of tech, but I don't roll that way. I heard what she had to say, we talked about the pros and cons, and I went with 'let it ride for one more roll' (a reference to the game of craps). I was less forgiving of a recommendation for a fund manager who turned out to be a total turd. But I'm a big believer in Iacocca's comment that if more than half your decisions are good then you are ahead of the game. So advice for looking for an advisor: 1) Interview them, ask them the 'hard' questions, like "did you suggest to anyone to invest in Madoff's schemes?" (note either 'no' or 'yes' has good follow up questions, "No? It was such a great return why not?", "Yes? Even when the returns were out of line with other investments?") 2) Know that the wider the diversification the closer to the mean you will get. If the S&P 500 has a return of X% and someone tells you they can guarantee you > 1.5X% return, then you know they are not being truthful :-) Doing about 50% better than the S&P 500 occasionally has sort of emerged for me as a good razor for becoming suspicious. (note that 'banks' make there boatloads of cash on volume, not because they beat the S&P by 50% but because they beat it by a small amount but on a lot of other peoples money, and FedRsrv money but that is a whole different rant) 3) Check for compatibility. Everyone is different in how they interact with each other, and money, like sex, is one of those things that often has some really strong notions that were burned into ones brain at an impressionable age which color the way you look at everything. Risk averse? Risk seeking? Money as a tool? Money as a game score? Do they define themselves by how much money they manage? Do you? Its perhaps the hardest thing to get right. You know, back when "multi core" was an excellent signal for "profiting handsomely from" perhaps this made sense, today, not so much. One has to ask "Is your marginal cost any different if I run this on an Atom machine or a Core i7 ?" No? So why would it cost more? This looks like another example of 'old school' software economics colliding with Generation Cloud or whatever you want to call it. These days if you're asking the question "How do I adjust my fees for the size of computer they are using?" you should really be asking "How long can I expect this gravy train to last before I'm wiped out by Open Source efforts?" I like djb's tools, but dns isn't one of them. The whole "can't have names with dots in them" thing is painful. (see rbldns as the canonical example) Having created a nominally secure name service in the past, I feel like I have at least a reasonable understanding of what it takes to build one. That being said, its unfortunate that IETF got 'standardized' before they could successfully pull off a secure naming infrastructure (ISC's efforts not withstanding). One of the things I found interesting about Google's process was that everyone had input on their tracking system. Thus even when a person was a 'good fit' if there was someone in the company who had worked at the same company/time as the candidate, and suggested that the company pass, that carried a huge amount of force. When ever I recommended someone I would check to see what the other folks that knew them added into the 'mix' if there was someone who clearly had an axe to grind (hey it happens) I'd try to talk to them one on one and figure out if it was a 'real' issue or just a past injustice that was motivating the down vote. Sometimes it was warranted, there are good people who just don't fit with a company's culture. Sometimes it wasn't. One manager suggested that even if it was just sour grapes between the candidate and the employee it was a 'good signal' because the candidate burned their bridges willingly. (Although I'm a firm believer that people mature and change over time, not everyone subscribes to that philosophy either) Be nice, be courteous, if they turn you down move on. The Parallax BASIC Stamp used NRZ encoded bit tokens. The ROM for the interpreter was 1K words (14 bit words) as I recall. It is really efficient in terms of space. Build a bit aligned FPGA CPU would be pretty cool, and using a serial EEPROM quite efficient in terms of I/O busses but like the PDP-8/S probably very very slow. I feel like this should be titled "I don't understand the new economics". The economics of a material world are different than the economics of an information world. Rob Gingell used to point out to me that people living during the revolutionary war didn't have a good feel for what the final rules were going to be either. So I buy the insight that it takes fewer people to create Facebook today then it did to produce Chevy Malibu's in the 70's, however Facebook is creating opportunities for people like Zynga so you really have to ask yourself what is the set of all the people working on Facebook, or applications for Facebook, or applications that let you visit Facebook, or derive demographic data from the information pool of Facebook? This is what will distinguish the information economy from the material economy. In the material economy the product (our example is the Chevy Malibu) is a dead end, it gets created, used, and discarded. In the information economy people build products which turn out to be pre-cursor materials to other products, or combined into still other products. Information products, even those that are nominally not 'tools', by their nature can be composited into new products, just like a DJ might create a techno trance mix of three or four of her favorite tunes. Google, employs 24,000 people (approximately), and how many people have careers that exist only because Google (or I guess more properly search engines) exist? So I read articles like this one and I feel like the author (in this case the meta author because the NYT is talking about Cowen's book) are struggling to understand something their brain wasn't prepared to understand, which is that information, like a Chevy, can have intrinsic value. Further its value persists as its "re-manufactured" into new information by people skilled in the art of doing so. So without the tools to understand the economics of information they see money like Google's billions but can't see the mechanism that creates it. 10,000 hours. From Outliers and others as the number of hours you have to do something to be proficient at it. The common thread for most hacker coder types is that they just really really liked the "power" associated with writing code that could do anything, and so they started spending all of their time writing code doing all sorts of things. All night debug sessions? Check. Several complete rewrites from scratch? Check. Using a language feature considered "unsafe" because it was the only way to get done what one needed? Check. Figuring out what "unsafe" meant? Check. Once people are writing all of this code many want to know exactly how their code gets translated into what the computer does and they go off into their 'compiler' stage (some stay there for ever :-). This is where folks write their own compilers, by first writing their own lexical analyzers, then needing to parse those, and then needing to take those parse trees and generate new code with them. There is a lot of exploration to do in 10,000 hrs. That's coding 6 hrs a day (and by that I mean coding, not checking Facebook or reading HN :-) for 5 years. There aren't a lot of short cuts. Sure there are CS programs which will show you what other people learned in their 10K hrs and help distill the concepts down for you but, like playing Piano, its not "known" until its in your finger bones. Mentors are great for helping you get unstuck (since being stuck means you aren't coding which means you're not clocking your 10K hrs) and they can sometimes give you a heads up on road your travelling down, but mostly I think they are best for just sharing your enthusiasm and adding energy. This is the core difference between information manufacture and real good manufacturing. Real goods, such as the Chevy Malibu, have a pyramid of raw materials starting with ore mining, through smelting, through plastics creation, through tooling, to piecework to sub-assemblies, to assemblies to product. Information goods on the other hand start with generally lower value information which gets collected and distributed and refined into higher value information. An inverted pyramid if you will. And unlike ore, which once its in a Chevy Malibu is locked up 'forever', the information that is created can be re-used in an infinte number of additional products. Consider a contructed example of company A which makes their money selling the current stock ticker from the NYSE, to company B, which takes that data and does analysis on it to create trading strategies for resale, which are purchased by company C which uses the trading strategies combined with capital acquisition from clients to make their money. A completely different company, Q, might take the same stock ticker information from company A and make a large LED sign which can display it and sell those. So the same 'information ore' is used in two separate product streams. There can be dozens of such streams. So evaluating the value of Facebook's information by the number of people Facebook employs really misstates the economic impact of a company like Facebook. "The argument that the information world is the first to stack industries on other industries is fallacious, and misses the point entirely: Information doesn't take labor for every instance of product." I don't believe I made either of these claims. To be clear, the claims I make are; 1) Evaluating the information economy using the 'rules' of the real goods economy fails. 2) The information that Facebook and Google create is more analagous to the ore someone might mine out of a mountain than the end product of vehicle brakes. (the real goods example used in the article). I will grant you an example of someone making money off creating after market products for the Chevy Malibu as a valid post production economic activity, I know of no examples where people have collected Chevy Malibus and then turned them into a product that itself had mass market appeal. It is the distinctive characteristic that information can be combined into new information which has its own intrinsic value, without losing or consuming the source information (ie removing its ability to take part in additional economic activity) that, for me, differentiates the two economic models. UDP's semanatics are faster for small ( Further, at the time DNS was designed, TCP was not considered 'scalable' since each TCP connection required its own file descriptor and computers at the time struggled with even 64 file descriptors per process. As DNS was not distributed at the zone level (it was replicated but each replica had the full zone contents of those zones they mirrored). These days UDP is still faster for small packets but as others have pointed out DNS switches to TCP for bigger requests. Feel free to downvote but that is an annoying site. For all the criticism he gets, I think much of this can be laid at Steve Jobs' feet. He has a clear sense of what he wants, he doesn't tolerate not getting it, and while it pisses people off, it shows in the final product. At Sun it became an in house joke after the launch of the "portable" lunch box that Sun can make any type of computer as long as it starts with a workstation. There is weird sort of entrenched notional design and diverging from it is hit by internal anti-bodies. I saw it at Google with some of the strange (and silly) Android vs ChromeOS battles. You can see Dell 'streak' as a similar example. Apple learned a lot from doing the iPod touch which made the iPad possible, Google never did an Android Touch, so take what you have, hack it to some new requirements and then try to make it work. The difference engine was at least reasonably complete in its specification and some small models had been built. Much of the Analytical engine's description and design was still in the 'power point' stage, so there is significant work to be done to figure out what Babbage was really thinking when various parts of it need to be built. Another key difference was that the difference engine was mostly the same chunk replicated n times (one for each term of the polynomial) whereas the analytical engine has many different kinds of subsystems. This dispute will be worthwhile to follow. Lets look at the 'value' equation here: Value received: Reader gets content to view/read. Price paid: Advertisements are pushed with content. Market Evaluation: CPM The more advertisements and advertising 'gimmicks' (click throughs, pop unders, talking flash) that readers deal with raises their perceived 'cost' of the content. The more Ad clicks, views, mouse-overs, demographic sharing/tracking the web site gets increases the revenue generated by the content. Costs associated with generating the content - CMS operation, rights clearance (author, images, other media). There is lots of evidence that as people put more and more intrusive advertisements on their web site readership goes down (higher 'cost') and mitigation efforts (AdBlock, Flashblock) go up (user attempt to lower the cost). Interesting experiment at Ars with blocking content if Ads are blocked: http://arstechnica.com/business/news/2010/03/why-ad-blocking... Versus the paywalls (very explicit cost structure for readers). All this adds data points to the questions of 'can readers distinguish between good content and not-good content' and what is the marginal value of 'good content' vs 'farmed content'. Really fascinating to watch these systems getting tested and evaluated in real time in the real world. "Unfortunately, I just don't see much of a future for long-form, written journalism on the web as a viable profession, unless you are the owner-operator of the content shop or blog. When people want timeliness, they'll go to timely sources. When they want depth, they'll go to message boards or social media channels. The latter are much more dynamic and "living" sources of deep information than static articles are." I think the Jury is still out on this. I subscribe to the Economist and read it primarily digitally on my iPad. I suspect a lower priced 'digital only' Economist will bring in some additional revenue there. And I don't think we have yet seen a 'long form' journalism vehicle which is digital only so its still very hard to tease apart the costs vs revenue. (if there is one then I'm not yet aware of it) Would love to hear about such a project if one exists. This is wrong of course. Imagine you could hire a driver, now imagine he worked for free and was always at his best driving ability. The things that self driving cars will do first, really really well, are: 1) Drive people around who currently use chauffers because they can use the driving time productively. 2) Lower the barrier to attending events, restaurants, etc in urban areas where parking is an issue. (if you car can go park itself a couple of miles away and you can phone it up when you want to go home, win) 3) Reduce the number of DUI accidents as people go out, have a good time, and their car drives them home. Self driving cars that can drive amongst human driven cars will be a huge win. Now why a search company would do with that, who knows. Sorry but this was an old joke in 1995, the joke went: In Hollywood you can walk up to anyone and ask "How's your screenplay coming?" and they will look at you shocked and ask "How did you know I was working on a screenplay?" In Silicon Valley you can walk up to anyone and say "How's your business plan coming?" and they will look at you shocked and ask "How did you know I was working on a business plan?" MPEG LA exists to extract patent royalties. By patent terms they are a 'legitimate' monopoly as the patent system was created to allow an inventor a temporary monopoly over their technology (20 yrs) on the condition that it passes to the public domain after that. Given the early MPEG patents are in the mid - 90s they will begin to start expiring in 2015. Once we reach 2021 there will be a dozen free codecs with source code on the market. In the meantime, MPEG LA does what it can to maximize its revenues. His experience correlates with the rate of change in Android/IoS ownership (aka phone sales/adoption). So basically it would seem that adding Verizon wasn't a huge boost to the total number of iPhones in folks hands, or that other signals have swamped that contribution. (The iPad is a good candidate for such a signal) "I do think though that a lot of management issues are simply avoided by having a good team." The circle is complete :-). Its been my experience over the last couple of decades that the correlation between "good team" and "good manager" is 100%, and more importantly they converge reasonably rapidly to that point. (which is to say if you find yourself on a 'bad' team and it isn't getting any better, then there is a strong probability that the manager isn't operating efficiently.) This is a remarkably common meme. Let me share a bit of Battlebots history - perhaps it will help. Back when Battlebots was a going thing, they would have a competition which started on Tuesday (preliminaries) and ran through Sunday (finals). One could generalize about the teams as two types, people who shared information and people who didn't. A common theme amongst the people who didn't share information was that they didn't want competitors "stealing their ideas, or developing counter measures before the match." They would go to great lengths to "hide" things (covering their robots, not talking about them, etc) and they would invariably lose. (in the 3 years we went I don't think a single "secret" team moved into the finals) Information sharers on the other hand were communicative almost to a fault, they would tell you EVERYTHING about their creation, how long it took to build, why they think it could win, what they thought was key in various fights, etc, etc. Curiously, they often won their matches. Spotting this trend early in my Battlebots 'career' I sought to understand the mechanism behind it. The answer turned out to be ideas in a vacuum suck. (pun intended) Basically any idea, no matter how great, when it comes from an individual without anyone else thinking about it, there are going to be all sorts of problems with it. Because everyone thinks about things a bit differently, by saying "Hey, I've got this idea, what do you think?" you gather alternative points of view which always shed more light on the idea than you had originally. Can that douse your passion? Sure. But it can inflame it too. I wondered about 'stealing' as well, if these folks are giving away their ideas why aren't they being stolen left and right? The insight there was that people who can execute on ideas, well they have a bazillion already, more often than not their problem is choosing rather than coming up with something. They don't steal ideas because if they did they wouldn't have time to get to it for a while and by then you probably already did it. The folks who don't have any ideas of their own, they generally can't execute for squat, further, not being someone who could develop the idea in the first place, and thus not being able to 'grow' it as you would be sharing it and listening to the feedback, they can't pull it off either. So where does that leave us? The old saw that ideas are a dime a dozen? Ideas are seeds, they are not process. For all the ideas I've seen go from conception to production, the actual idea part was not a statistically significant part of executing on it. Some didn't emerge as recognizable from the original concept. So generally, worrying about someone stealing your idea is overrated, worrying that you aren't up to the task of executing on your own idea, that is worth worrying about. I agree, but also see other posts which seem to indicate (at least from early results) that most of Verizon's iPhone business was coming at the expense of AT&T (people switching carriers rather than buying into a particular OS). A couple of app vendors were hoping for a big spike when V launched but have yet to see it in terms of sales. Wow I thought this was a humor article but the guy is serious. Anyone remember @Scribe ? Now don't get me wrong, I love LaTex, especially for math, and I've actually heard Don Knuth speak on what he was going for when he started TeX. But to compare LaTex to Word is like comparing playing Chess to playing Halo 3. Sure they both have strategies and different pieces have different strengths and the goals are similar and you can use them to burn up a couple hours of your free time, but they are targeted to completely different audiences. I know folks who have used e-readers for this purpose too. Charts are a really natural fit since they are updated regularly and they are bulky. Next up check lists. Wow, its interesting to see the mix of 'its cool / its stupid' remarks. I couldn't find any mention of the terms of the equity but lets say its not an incentive stock option as most people seem to be assuming, rather lets assume its actually stock, as in actual equity you can hold (and sell on secondmarket :-) So you give someone say 90K shares in restricted stock on the condition that they complete their 3 months (maybe you unlock it 30 days at a time). Now at the end of their 3 months they have 90,000 shares which were probably valued at say .05. So a $4,500 taxable event (and free rent and board? for three months, so perhaps another $4,500 in non-tangible benefits. If the equity now lets say the equity has participation rights in the series A. (As in you allow this coder to contribute their 90K shares if/when you go for a series A) and your series A rolls out with a 0.20/share valuation. Now your programmer can either take $18K for their three months or perhaps wait until series B. I could imagine a lot of ways to structure this which would win both from the perspective of the entrepreneur and the programmer. The key though is what are the terms on the equity. It would be great if they built Chromium for CentOS. Alas only Ubuntu. I don't buy the taxonomy, I don't buy the evolutionary relationship. Is a screw driver a post-hammer device? People have a relationship with data, they refine it, they explore it, they correlate it, they hoard it, they spend it to get more data. Computation, networks, and storage are the tools of data manipulation. Visualization via iPad, visualization via color plotter serves different versions of the same purpose. As the cost of assembling a sufficiently rich network of computation, network and storage resources drops below the personal value of the data manipulation that the set of resources is capable of, an economic opportunity is created. Look at network attached LCD 'picture frames' as a canonical example of this value equation playing out in the real world. In 1984 people took color slides printed on cellulose, put a 250W lamp behind them and projected them periodically on the wall. The cost of doing a 'picture frame' application with acceptable resolution was north of $250,000 (yes a quarter of a million dollars, I worked at the Image Processing Institute at USC and we had such a system in house for flipping through a variety of images in "true color" (24 bit RGB) and that is what it cost.) My Mom got a Kodak "easy share" picture frame in 2006 with better resolution and more storage for less than $250. The constant here is a personal relationship with data (pictures) the variable here is that cost to instantiate that data such that it can be interacted with. Post-PC implies a sequential relationship with PC. I claim that its a parallel economic relationship. An economic choice is made to view images with the picture frame rather than the slide projector or the laboratory image analysis setup (or the PC). PC's have a low marginal cost for adding a new data manipulation capability, that gives them great value when new data is encountered. For established data they have a high unrecoverable cost (and on-going maintenance burden). Tablets 'work' because they provide a data interaction service (surfing the web, reading, watching video, tracking your friends) at less economic cost than a laptop. Hmm, I think you missed my point. If the company is pre-Series A then the market value of the company is unknown. If, as a developer, you can arbitrage risk/time for money exactly like a VC does, but rather than cash equity you invest sweat equity. So in the pre-Series A scenario, one would value the company the same way a investor would. Do you think this team can execute? What is the available market for their product? How much could they reasonably expect to capture? What is the upside if they capture more? What might be their valuation in a post-execution scenario (which is to say they've delivered their product into production). And, like a VC your risk is that they will not be able to execute and they will go under. On a related note, I met a number of consultants in the dot com era who were operating like this. They were offering to take a portion of their fees in stock. This way, if they consulted at 10 different companies they have 10 chips in the game in case one of them 'wins.' The size of the stake they ended up with in various companies wasn't VC class (not millions of shares, more like thousands of shares) but it added upside down the road for them. The larger point I was trying to make was that there are many variables that are unknown about this particular arrangement, one can posit values for the unknowns that would make it a 'good' deal and one can posit values that would make it a 'dumb' deal. Its an interesting Rorschach test to see how different people immediately jump to one side or the other. I think that can help people understand their own internal biases which they may, or may not, be aware of. Great stuff. I agree its 'pulp fiction' in every sense of the word but its also defining the marginal cost of the creative effort as defined by scale. So if the author really clears $500K on a 'best seller', they can easily make a living selling 3 - 4 'stories' a year once they are known. Plus there is the long tail. Will this promote a lot of crap into the market? Absolutely. Will this create an economic opportunity for a crap filter? Absolutely. From 10,000 authors wanting to be heard to 'king maker' publishers whose job is to provide a selection along some theme or genre, an analog to Analog or Amazing Stories for example. Would an author be willing to give up 10% to the editor/curator? Who knows. That isn't an economic transaction with a lot of history yet. But it will happen, some new John Campbell of the world will emerge who can read 1,000 of these stories a month and suggest the top 10 or 15 that are 'worth' reading. If the average annual return on one of these stories is $50K and our editor person gets $5K of that, then each month they add another $75K to their income stream. The next story in the series : "Editor makes a killing telling folks the good stuff from the bad in the 99 cent e-book market." Ah, good to see Google following our lead :-) (Disclaimer I work at Blekko and we've had this feature from launch, and we don't limit you to 500 sites either) On a more serious note though, its nice to see Google validate our assertion, that un-modified Google search results are getting poorer and poorer. Not that they would actually say it directly like that of course. Now lets see if they are willing to drop over a million crappy sites out of their index ... FWIW, in my experience one of the more difficult aspects of starting and growing a company is knowing if what you believe is true, or just something you want to be true. So you go to start a company and you say that you believe the search experience is getting worse and worse. That you believe the leader in the market place is fighting a losing battle of trying to algorithmically determine relevance in a world where humans will actively work to subvert the algorithms. That the world would be a better place if a more customizable search experience existed. A common response is "Well if this is such an important idea they would already be doing it." So as an entrepreneur you deal with the naysayers and you build something which other people have "... been clamoring for a blacklist for years" and yet has never materialized. And you put it out into the market. Right up until you deliver your product, nobody knows who is 'right' in this back and forth. It is all academic. You've built the best product you know how to build, you offer it up to the world, and when you ship the debate stops being academic and starts becoming empirical. When the market leader adds features that mimic ones you've launched with several months ago, it can be simply timing (they may have been going to do it all along and it just happens that they did it now), it can be a response, it can be random I suppose. Regardless of why they did it, it seems to be an unequivocal damnation of pure algorithmic search. As one of Blekko's founding concepts was that the search experience can be made better by human curation, I choose to interpret it as validation. Not that I expect Google to join in and adopt the "web search bill of rights" anytime soon of course. If only you had bought a lottery ticket with today's winning numbers yesterday! You would be a multi-millionaire. I completely agree, its a silly thing to dwell on what you didn't do but if you had you would really have benefited from it. I agree with this article's central theme. People who don't grasp the basic concepts of economics or parenting should not have kids, its not fair to the economy and its not fair to the kids. Interesting post, does Davy read HN? I know lots of developers over 40 who are great. I also know folks who were good once but now are not. There is a strong correlation between continuing education and continuing competence. A lot of young developers re-create the wheel, they don't know they are because they haven't been around the block that many times but they are. Then along comes an older developer who has to use their code/api/design and recognizes it for what it is, another wheel designed by someone who didn't realize this was old hat. How someone responds to this situation (which occurs again and again) seems to be key. You can note the particular vagaries of this particular implementation of the wheel concept and work with it to get done what you want to get done, you can throw it out and replace it with a more up to date implementation of a wheel, or you can get disgusted at how little this developer knew when they tried to do this particular implementation of wheelness. I got to meet the guy who invented the insertion sort this way, not. (well he thought he had invented it) Seeing wheel re-implementations gets old fast, trust me. So if you let it get to you, you lose your sense of wonder. That thing where every new technique you saw was thought provoking and, well, new. It gets replaced with "gee IBM did it that way in the 60's and it didn't work for them either." If you let it get under your skin you will burn out and become one of those developers that just stops looking at new stuff because you know you will have seen it all before and it will be wrong for the same reasons the other six versions were wrong. And you will miss out on the stuff that really is new, and your currency in the art will degrade. How many developers under 30 do you know who can tell you the second order effects of their new network protocol? How many even care? How many have found themselves intersecting the same bad design decisions that were bad back in the last century and are still bad today? And finally, technologists are often like classmates from college, at first nobody you know is married then it seems like everyone you know is, or no one has kids and then suddenly everyone is busy with their kids. Your social circle ages like you do, if you know a lot of really great developers when you are 25 I can guarantee you that you will know several when you are 45. Perhaps its an overstatement, but you have to recall that Google's "I'm feeling Lucky" button was designed to be the one page they had deduced you were looking for, their stretch goal, a results page with one link. The one they know you're looking for. Now they have backed off on that, with reasoning that it is really not truly possible given that the search "Sony XBR TV" might be you are looking for the manual for the TV or to buy the TV or something which isn't known, but the goal is always to have the result you're looking for on the first page. That has been their target and promise for years. So by creating a feature, and putting it into production, to "block sites" it suggests to me that they are saying "Hey, we know our algorithm is failing and we have given up (perhaps temporarily) trying to fix it. We know it will put sites you don't want to see into the first page. Here is a manual tool to weed those out." It seems like something of a philosophy change at least. Perhaps Matt will chime in. You are right, those results suck. However when you type 'how to get pregnant /health' those results seem to be pretty good. Transmission efficiency / meter is one of the specs that come with the base fiber. You'll want one that is most efficient in the IR band. Note that you do lose power to bends in the fiber. All of the laser power records set over the last few years have been with lasers that combine many smaller lasers into a single beam. Not easy but its a solved problem. Free Electron Lasers are new big thing, you can pump them with an unlicensed proton accelerator backpack :-) I was thinking of the parallel "article": The guy who wrote the "article" and I use it in quotes because it means different things to different people, actual journalists spend time and effort crafting a story and thinking about the various sides, where as this sort of "article" is spit out partially considered with an expected lifetime of minutes, never to provide another insight later on ... More experienced folks seem to grasp that business creation is good. They also understand that businesses start and then evolve in response to market forces. And lets not forget that businesses are the expression of the people who it employs. Get is right, "Sun, we're the dot in oracle.com" :-) Interesting, I wonder what this means for the naming scheme for Java classes. Very cool, I really enjoyed listening too BrightArc's coils play music at the San Mateo stop of the faire. Now if you could just direct the beam to where you are pointing you'd be all set :-) Wow, another reason to check back in with OpenBSD. Regardless of the meta debate on C++'s virtues or issues, having the core system build with just C would seem to help in simplifying things. I am perhaps in the minority but I would really like a straight forward to build and maintain UNIX derivative and perhaps this can be it. I think Amazon has a better understanding of the digital content space than Apple does, it shows in the way the market Kindle, MP3s, and now video with their rental channel. That being said, if they did do an Android based tablet, the smart thing (but the hard thing) to do would be to kick Google to the curb. The one thing that has differentiated the iPad from the TouchBook or the original Microsoft Tablets has been application speed and application focus. If you look back in history you will find the Apple Newton Message Pad, another "magical and revolutionary" device, which had, at its core, a tightly written OS and a poorly implemented handwriting recognition algorithm. If you look further you will see that it had its ass handed to it by an upstart company called Palm which created a device which capitalized on two key design concepts : focused and fast. The Palm Pilot was focused on the things you needed, calendar, address book, short notes. And it was fast, fast, fast. Turn it on and Bam! ready to go. Further it lasted plenty long before needing new batteries or a charge. Apple took that lesson to heart. If you look at failures in the tablet space which preceded the iPad they were all slow, had poor run time, didn't know what they wanted to be, and clumsy to use, especially without a stylus. Apple attacked not one, but all of those problems at the same time. So back to Google. Google doesn't know what it wants because its a hydra of competing ideas. Now that Google is in the "product" space that churn becomes visible to folks outside the candy factory. What is the best tablet solution ? If you said Chrome as a front end to a high performance kernel, you would find that a third of the internal folks at Google would agree with you, if you said "A really big phone" then the Android team would congratulate on how clearly you saw this space, if you said more dedicated device where OS branding is irrelevant, well there would be supporters for that too. It's healthy to have internal debate, it's toxic when you cannot move past it. So can you build with Android and tell Google to take a flying leap at a rolling donut? Sure, but they won't license you the Google Apps then now will they? This is clearly Google's right and they have grand visions. But it takes a special kind of set of conditions for a company like Google to see something that is outside their ability to imagine, I know that those conditions don't exist. And to date they haven't shown any ability to imagine and iPad killer, so I don't look to them for an answer there. An iPad rival will arise, eventually, but its going to take someone other than Google to do it. It will be interesting to see what WebOS brings to the tablet market, and it will be interesting to see what the next generation of entrepreneurial folks push in this space. There is also the distinct possibility that Apple can push folks to an alternative with extortionate pricing and intolerable terms. And as others have pointed out, if you get a "full meltdown" with the control rods fully inserted, the resulting uranium/boron alloy is not critical. In short hand, once the rods are in, its game over, just a question of how hard the final result is to clean up. If you keep it under the melting point of the core you can just pull the fuel and dispose of it in the normal way, if not you have to clean out the non-critical slag core. A couple of stories have covered this, their wave estimation was low. That being said, its clear they can improve and had the imported generators been able to connect to the plant's cooling power plugs this would have been moot. My guess is that positioning backup generators are safe from tsunamis and that can be moved into position quickly, and are pre-tested to be compatible with the backup infrastructure will get added to the licensing regulations. This is a great article, which restates the obvious, the people are lousy at understanding 'risk'. Time, after time, after time. Every single study on every single metric shows that energy from Nuclear power is the safest and cleanest source of energy we currently know about, and yet the 'risk' boogie man is always at the forefront. And in a weird way, by stopping implementation of power plants, we have sort of 'frozen' the perception of the risk based on experiences from the 70's. Have you ever compared the safety of a car you drove in the 70's with a car you drive today? Any different? How do we 'grow up' past our 20th century fears and step up to save people, the planet, and our sanity by taking a more 'grown up' view of the risk / benefit analysis of nuclear power? I really give Bill Gates credit for putting significant funds into the travelling wave reactor concept. He's looking at being able to take advantage of a safe way to generate power and consume left over waste products. How cool is that. But we have to get past a collective fear that the idea has the words 'nuclear' and 'reactor' in the title. The counter points don't hold up. 1) The 'core catcher' is the bottom of the containment building. This reactor was built by GE. There is a diagram of the reactor in Google Books: http://books.google.com/books?id=y20F8Yt6UcMC&pg=PA34... Not sure if that will make it through the HN editor but its worth a look. Would love to get a scan of that diagram online. In 'flask type' reactors the re-inforced concrete pad under the reactor 'catches' the core (if necessary) 2) Its important to understand that since the reactor is shut down, its only source of heat is the decay products from when it was running, minus the heat they pulled off while running on battery power. Further the engineering design target (one assumes they test to that target) is that if you integrate over all the heat you generate from all the byproducts from a reactor that was running at 'full' and now has all of its control rods inserted, is less than the heat you would need to add to melt the containment vessel (the flask) You won't be able to restart it but you won't have the core melt through the vessel either. His third point, he doesn't understand that long lived radionuclides aren't aerosols. Which is to say they stay in the containment vessel they don't exit with the steam. The impurities in the ocean water need understanding here but we're not talking a significant long term threat. Number 4 he missed out on what radiation was measured, what the relative value of that radiation was and the how it won't persist. These are gamma rays that can make other things radioactive. Anyway, if you have the book (I don't) it apparently describes the reactor in question in some detail. I'll add this here as well: a diagram of how these reactors are built is in this book: http://books.google.com/books?id=y20F8Yt6UcMC&pg=PA34... Data folks, data. At least they weren't looking for "zero point" energy or perpetual motion. I have to agree though that this article isn't worth your time. And if we discover that, short of an asteroid impact, the worst case scenario is that we end up with a sealed containment vessel which has to sit on site for 10 years to cool off and then cleaned up and disposed of. What does that say? I think in the context of 'major disaster' if the nuclear plant's core stops being usable as a power plant but otherwise has contributes little to the final cleanup, that would suggest to me that its a good strategy. Yes, basically. Its a storefront for someone who sells at 100% markup stuff you can get elsewhere. There is the joke that even a broken watch is correct twice a day. I do think his communication style, his use of hyperbole, and his unwillingness to bring the listener 'along' work against him in most situations. However, he does have a self consistent line of reasoning as far as I've been able to discern for all of his positions. But lets step back from the messenger for a moment and look at the message. Richard's rant on cellphones is predicated, in part, that they can be used as surveillance devices. The engineering of a cell phone network is such that it presents, perhaps as an 'attractive nuisance'[1], the ability to extract surveillance data. This has nothing to do with whether or not the software in the phone is "free", rather it has everything to do with how that software is used. So a question that does not come up often, and I have yet to see in print, is this, "If all software was 'free' and 'open' how would that change anything?" So if the source code to the handsets is "free" and the source code to the base stations is "free" and the PSTN software is "free", what changes? SIP based phones have the same surveillance capabilities as GSM phones and one can put together a nominally 'free' stack for such a phone network. I'm afraid I don't have any good answers here. [1] http://definitions.uslegal.com/a/attractive-nuisance/ although in our case the 'children' here are Law Enforcement Officers (LEOs) who don't have the resources to send someone out to follow you around. Meg Whitman proved you can't buy an election in California. I dislike the medidiots who conflated a hydrogen explosion with a nuclear explosion. There is however one risk here that neither folks in the media, nor have I seen yet on HN, and that is the danger of old fuel meltdowns. There are reports now [1] that the pond where expended fuel rods are stored is boiling. While fuel is removed from a reactor because it is 'spent' that doesn't mean that it cannot still reach criticality, that is why it is stored in a pond where the water provides the moderation. Normally this wouldn't even be considered but given the challenge of getting water into the reactors, the use of sea water and venting the steam (which makes the room around the reactor temporarily dangerous), it seems the ponds are warming up and not getting the attention they need. It would be unfortunate to have the pond evaporate. Note that in some cases this pond is the holding area for new fuel as well (during a refueling operation) but there is no information available on the quantity, and current composition, of fuel rods in these ponds. So I remain confident they will be able to get the reactors cooled off without causing them to be 'abandoned in place'. I'm cautiously watching reports about the ponds. [1] http://www.cbsnews.com/8301-503543_162-20043127-503543.html Random HN comment, when there are a bunch of cases that are on on the same topic, courts will often consolidate them to save resources. Is there an equivalent in HN? Sort of a meta-topic aggregation so that folks could see all the links that have been posted (and all the reference links) Etc? I'm looking for the ability to tweet a wiki page into existence :-) Absolutely. You work it from the other side. The process of nuclear decay is well understood, so you can compute, given any mass of nuclear material, how much heat and for how long that mass will generate sitting in a pile by itself. You do that calculation in the presence of full moderation (all control rods inserted, below the critcial level) and without moderation (control rods out). Now you design a thermal sink which can absorb that much heat indefinitely when either covered in soil or sitting out in free air (choose the option that has the worst heat conduction) Note that modern reactors like the Pebble Bed can't really do the whole core meltdown thing, but those that can you can design what is essentially a bucket of boron laced sand underneath them such that in the event hell breaks loose with the control rods out, the core will melt and diffuse into the sand which will drop it below critical and now you're solving for "non-critical pile turned off, how much heat from time 0 to n?" Ok, now lets see what can cause this reactor design to cause any damage. Hmm, well its immune to anything that doesn't hit it directly and destroy the containment vessel. So basically anything except a direct hit by an asteroid or perhaps a nuclear weapon. Now if you look at Pebble Bed reactors they take the approach that the fuel itself is in self contained containment vessels, you can dump them out across the floor and they will cool off without doing anything else and without any radiation. But to re-iterate what others have said, there is a security/hazard/value trade off, airplanes fall out of the sky all the time and yet people still fly, automobiles kill their occupants and yet people still drive, coal miners die trying to dig up coal and yet they keep mining. Nuclear reactors are no different in this regard, they have a 'worst case' scenario (similar to a plane losing a wing at altitude but we're not all demanding that planes have a parachute under the seat cushion), if we only have to deal with worst case reactor scenarios during 9.0 earthquakes, I'm ok with that. I can understand if you aren't. Kudos for launching a product. I had a similar concept but my approach was different (and unlike Michael Una I didn't actually go through with it) I got an email in January from JameCo (electronics retailer/distributor) which has a story on building your own optical theremin[1] which turns out they have re-published an instructables page [2] where the author simply implemented another circuit which he found on the internet[3]. (the page is gone but the internet archive kept it) Its a fun circuit, I'm wondering now if someone entered it in the 555 timer contest. I figured this would be a great $9.99 Maker Shed kit, you could sell them to O'Reilly for $3.00 (making 100% markup) they could sell then for $9.99 and discount them to $7.50 on sale days. I'd probably make the circuit board shaped to fit easily into a Altoids tin. [1] http://www.jameco.com/Jameco/PressRoom/theremin.html?CID=BBD... [2] http://www.instructables.com/id/How-To-Build-An-Optical-Ther... [3] http://replay.waybackmachine.org/20050313211004/http://www.o... Hoax. http://news.ycombinator.com/item?id=2322401 Hoax: http://news.ycombinator.com/item?id=2322401 Probably not, but it would be interesting if we carved out a something in tort law that allowed for civil penalties when gross negligence was provable with a preponderance of the evidence. If you do the 'good/bad' candidate, 'buys/doesn't buy' the election grid then a system that prevents bad candidates from buying elections would seem to be sufficient. All the other results are tolerable / unavoidable. tl;dr version: Its illegal in MA to discount booze 'cuz that cuts into the tax revenues. Groupon changed their coupons to specifically say they don't count toward booze. "Should I keep my day job?" Yes. In my experience if you don't know deep in your heart that what you are doing is what you should be doing, then maintaining gainful employment until you can find that passion is recommended. edit: I shouldn't type in the morning. "Could you explain to me how the hell fuel in Reactor 4 storage pond at Fukushima 1 went critical?" I can. The term 'critical' is used to describe the point at which fission events are being caused by the neutrons emitted by other fission events. Also called a 'chain reaction.' Reactor fuel emits neutrons (actually even 'depleted' fuel emits neutrons see half life). Unused (and spent) fuel is stored in storage ponds filled with water because water is an excellent neutron moderator. Thus any neutrons that are emitted by the natural decay, or by internal fission events of the material are absorbed in the water and converted into a (relatively) small amount of heat. Air is a poor damper of neutrons, and in fact the chance of a neutron hitting an atom in a gas is greatly reduced. When the water in a fuel storage pond is removed, the naturally occurring neutrons can reach other fuel that is stored in that pond. If they are sufficiently energetic they can cause atoms in the fuel they hit to fission. If they do cause fission then heat is generated and another neutron (note: it maybe 2 I admit I've forgotten the exact reaction with U235) is emitted which might cause another fission event. Criticality is controlled by moderating the probability that a neutron will create a fission reaction. If you want to store uranium you can do this by either spreading it far apart or by placing it in an environment that moderates neutron flux. Since the latter is as 'simple' as putting it in water, that is the usual option. The caveat is that your spent fuel will continue to generate heat, if you don't remove that heat eventually the water will boil. If the water boils sufficiently to allow fuel to be exposed to air, the result can be that the fuel passes its criticality threshold. If you can't keep water cool then you can replace it with something that moderates and doesn't boil. This is the most common reasoning for people who fear nuclear power. They reason that they can't see where the danger (radiation) is so they can't know if they are in danger or not, whereas with an oil spill, a gas pipeline explosion, or an oil refinery event, they have visible boundaries to 'this area is bad' vs 'this area is probably still safe' (note its not of course, you can have odorless and invisible threats like CO but many of the failure modes are visible in a spectrum our unaided senses can detect) I don't have a good answer for re-assuring these folks. (carrying a counter with them seems to be a non-starter, but perhaps a cell phone app would be ok) No, the point isn't lost. And reactor ponds are not the 'best' way to store old fuel, they never have been. They were originally only needed during the refueling cycle and the spent fuel was to be removed off site. Spent fuel you're not ever going to use again can be melted into boro-silicate glass and not only will it never go critical again, it can't leach into the environment, etc etc. If you've read the Yucca mountain documents I believe they make a pretty good case for 10K yr life expectancy for keeping the fuel out of circulation. Interesting spin by Intel. Having recently priced out power and cooling costs I can see where ARM hopes to be, but Intel having a 64bit offering before ARM does is definitely an advantage. Now if the chipsets let me put 96GB on each chip (sadly another 36 - 50 watts) we'll really be interested. "But can you explain why that reactor pond at that time (presumably lost water and) went critical???" No, but I can speculate. We "know" [1] that the ponds were boiling at one point. As boiling is the point at which water becomes vapor, if nothing else the ponds will eventually boil dry. We also know that the spent fuel pools require cooling and that all power has been cut to the plant so there is no cooling. Temperature rise in the pond will be a function of how many fuel rods are present and the amount of U235 in those rods (are they 'new' waiting to be installed, or 'old' waiting to be disposed? I don't know and its not clear from what I've read what there relative age is.) The uranium is decaying to lead [2] and as it decays, and its decay products decay. It generates heat. Not enough heat to be a useful source of energy, but certainly enough heat to keep the water boiling. My speculation is that since the other electrical infrastructure has been severely damaged around the plant (and they do not have power back yet [3]) that the equipment that was responsible for circulating water in the pond through convection coolers isn't running and natural convection has either been disrupted or is insufficient to keep the water temperature down. This combines to allow the water to boil, and if the spent fuel rods in the water were to be uncovered, there is sufficient U235 remaining in the rods present for the group to reach crititcality. "why aren't isn't the fuel pallets in these ponds spaces so far apart that one could never interact with another under any circumstances?" because the contingency plans did not include a triple failure of main power, diesel backup, and battery backup. I suspect in the future two things will be true, one there will be stronger limits on how many rods you can keep in the pond, and there will be a passive cooling requirement. [1] http://www.latimes.com/news/nationworld/world/la-sci-0316-ja... "Reports from the scene indicate the water in the cooling pond is boiling vigorously and engineers fear it will soon boil away, exposing the fuel rods, which would allow them to melt. " [2] http://scifun.chem.wisc.edu/chemweek/radiation/radiation.htm... [3] http://www.iaea.org/newscenter/news/tsunamiupdate01.html "Attempts to return power to the entire Daiichi site are also continuing." "... but my wife and kids are somewhat persistent about a stable income." I completely get this, I've got 2 kids in college, ouch! The 'joke' is that if you have to ask the question 'Should I keep my day job?' then the answer is always 'yes'. The reasoning behind this is pretty straight forward, the difference between practitioner and artist is that the practitioner does it because it interests them and an artist does it because they can't conceive of any better use for their time. One way you would know you were passionate about writing books would be that you had moved back into your parents house with your family. That is an action where your passion is expressed by what you do, you sacrifice things that you might buy, or comforts you might enjoy, with a stable income because you are so passionate about your writing that doing it is all you can think of. People with this kind of passion that try to get "day jobs" often get fired because they are constantly 'not present' at work, instead they are thinking about their next novel, researching it, creating characters, exploring viewpoints, "Oh wait, we had a staff meeting at 10, I'm sorry it totally left my mind!" Happens a lot to people who can't help but be what they are. I also get the whole self confidence thing too, the need for some external validation that you're making the right choice, Etc. But there is only one real measure, and its not opinion, its how widely you are read. How many people relate to your stories? Does it change their life? Does it give them an insight they didn't have? Does it entertain them? I worked as an intern for Jerry Pournelle for a while, not name dropping, just citing the source, he called this understanding of how your writing affected your readers "finding your voice." He helped me understand I was a programmer, not a science fiction writer :-) My experience is that nobody can tell you what you should be doing, only your heart can tell you what you should be doing. And by listening to it, and doing it, you will be happy. And of course you will not be wondering if you should be doing something else :-) "First, being a founder requires courage, grit, and an ability to get shit done, and I like people like that because they set an example I want to aspire to." So I think this insight on 'being a founder' is accurate, and I applaud your aspirations. I'd like to twist your thinking 90 degrees though, being a 'founder' is an artifact not a goal. What I mean by that is first: "Get shit done." - you know, actually do stuff, build a web product, design a new line of swimwear and get it into production, convert the PTA to using Google Docs. Whatever, become a force to be reckoned with, see a need and address it. "show your grit" - you know, do stuff someone else thinks is stupid but in hindsight is brilliant. To do that ... "show your courage" - you know, in the face of someone telling you something is stupid or impossible, do it anyway. And I'll add one "show your humility" - when you fail, admit it, do a post mortem, learn from it and then go back to getting stuff done. It sounds trite but really if you want to found a company go out and start one. Your first one you'll pretty much have to do without a lot of support (unless you've done something nearly like it already) because nobody (even you) knows if you can cut it running a company. So I would not try to start a company that involves say, designing a new type of semi-conductor, or requires large government purchases. If you demonstrate you can execute then the next time you have a problem that takes more resources than you can scrape together you can go to someone and say, "This is what I've done, this is what I'm going to do, I'm wondering if you want in on the ride?" Its you're history that makes that second clause powerful. When I read it I couldn't help but think of Timescape[1] which, when I read that , well it really creeped me out. [1] http://www.amazon.com/gp/product/0553297090/102-4803255-3756... As one of the folks who was on the Java team when it was released to the public, I can tell you the response was very different than the response to Go's announcement. Having been at Google (but not associated with Go in any way while there) when Go was announced my question then, as now, was "What was the problem again?" The basis of that question is that languages that have been successful often, but not always, have a strong correlation with solving a painful problem. Java solved a number of problems; the problem of connecting across architectures (I thought of it as the 'system libraries' problem), the C++ is too complicated problem (which would be the too complex;didn't learn (tc;dl) problem), and the interactive content from an untrusted source problem (which, in all fairness was a problem it self created when being able to run in a browser). The only problem that I have ever heard as being at least in the sights of Go was the 'building parallel applications' problem (which is huge, but why ignore millions of man hours in HDLs which also solve this problem but with the caveat that you have to be able to infer hardware from the compiled code) So unless there is something that is much easier to do in Go that you both need to do, and is so much better that doing it in your current language is too painful, it will join the ranks of languages like Lisp, APL, Modula- n , and Eiffel which all have things to recommend them but nothing to compel them into wide spread adoption and use that we associate with a 'popular' language. "An important thing to note is that, while Go is a great general purpose language, we're building it to make systems development easier. That's what we're using it for at Google, and also how it's being used at other companies like Canonical and Atlassian." Historical reference see the design, development, and use of the best language you've never used Mesa [1]. [1] http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Mesa_%28programming_language%29 That is what I was thinking. Ya know, you probably don't want to disclose your operational security procedures because well, they aren't common and not being common, their trackable. And then I was thinking about how the police sometimes "leak" that the suspect in some crime is weak, pathetic, individual which nobody really cares about, in hopes that they will offend the real suspect who will then self identify in defense of their honor. If you thought the Anonymous ring leader on the HBGary hack was some teenage guy then the best way to provoke a response would be to either call him gay or a girl it seems. I wonder how well the E-book Ars put out is selling. And more importantly, if its really successful I wonder if these people who did this are comfortable with someone getting rich off their exploits? You see? The twisted depths to which you go if you start down these paths. Sheesh. Good advice. Generally when I give feedback on an idea or proposal that is not possible to implement I try to give it as "I see the following challenges, ... " and try to outline my reasoning for problems for which I am not aware of a solution to. If you come back with credible ways to attack those issues I'm all for it. Its a big demotivator if you feel like you are being dismissed out of hand. So if you're managing a team or have folks coming to you with new ideas, 'you can't do that' is probably the worst thing you can say to them. [random: Gotta love this stuff when its submitted anonymously.] Long snarky post edited down to the basic soundbite : Copyright is an evolving area where the judiciary is trying hard to keep up. Google, and other companies, pay people money to create software which, in exchange for that pay (and free munchies etc) those people give complete ownership over to the company. It is completely reasonable to expect Google to do anything reasonable to limit the virality of the GPL's impact on what they do, especially in a product that they charge money for and expect to make serious coin on. Actions I would expect them to pursue are rewrites and selective litigation. The conversation about nuclear power is emotional, its not rational. I know very intelligent people who simply cannot reason about it, it frightens them at an emotional level and they can't get past it. If your approach is rational, you look at this reactor, and you look at how the accident got started, and you think man that really sucks, a 9.0 earthquake and a 30' tsunami? Just like when two 747 jumbo jets collide as one is trying to land on the same runway that another is taking off. You look at what lead up to and ultimately caused the accident, you assure yourself that its not a systemic problem (jumbo jets don't have massive attraction to other jumbo jets for example) you grieve the tragedy, you adjust your planning and your procedure, and you move on. No matter what happens at Fukushima Daiichi, even if all four of the reactors and their spent fuel rods turn into slag candles fused into the foundation of the plant, a rational person would say "Gee it really is great that we don't have magnitude 9.0 earthquakes with accompanying tsunamis every year, if we did, and they can do this to a nuclear plant, it would be foolish to take those risks." But an emotional person isn't reasoning, they are afraid. And scared people see black and white, they look at a scary situation like this and say "If we have no nuclear plants I can't be scared like this again!" No amount of reasoning about the risks makes them less fearful, dealing with fear is a personal issue that goes on inside a person's head. You can try to guide their internal debate but at the end the day, they have to agree not to let their fear override their ability reason, they need to work through it. We can talk about physics, we can talk about statistics, doesn't help the fearful. We need to embrace them, and say "Yes, I can see that you are very afraid of nuclear power stations. It is completely reasonable to be afraid of nuclear power stations failing and causing grave harm to those around it. But rather than let that fear run us around, let us try to understand when we should be afraid and when we should not be afraid." People living near that reactor have every reason to be afraid right now. What is going on is not "in control" and what will happen tonight and tomorrow could be worse than what happened yesterday and the day before. People who live near nuclear power reactors might be afraid, but if they choose to they could learn what to fear and what not to fear. They could learn that if a major disaster stuck their town (like say an asteroid strike, or a magnitude 9.0 earthquake) they might want to move 50 or so miles away from the nuclear power plant just in case. They might create plans for just such an option, perhaps renting a storage unit in a nearby town and stocking it with some supplies, etc so that they could relocate there and stay for several days or weeks without having to do anything else. Since even this nuclear disaster (and Chernobyl before it) take time to develop fully, you know there will be time for you to respond (we assume you're not touring the grounds). When you make a plan and take action like that, then you've taken steps to conquer your fear, you are no longer the victim you are now prepared. This is just one of a number of ways we can help people deal with their fear of these things. To summarize, the ongoing disaster at the plant is a major disaster, certainly for everyone who works at the plant and for people that live near it. Their lives are going to be disrupted forever . For the rest of us, it will become one of those "where were you when ..." kinds of stories like when the Challenger blew up. Our lives will be the same but we will have a painful memory of a tragic event we "witnessed". The other quote one should keep in mind is 'The last 10% of getting it done takes 90% of the effort.' One of the systemic problems in open source is that the last 10% is both no fun, and not well regarded in the community (this was a cultural challenge at Google as well when I was there) In the start-up world you can think of those companies that had a good idea, but couldn't get themselves to finish it, as the primary food source for patent trolls. One need only look at patents assigned to your favorite 'non-practicing entity' vs for whom they were originally filed to see a long list of start ups the flamed out before achieving orbit. This is also why there are only a limited number of deals available for 'untested' entrepreneurs, sort of the VC/Angel equivalent of 'frequent flyer seats'. Extra risk don't want to over weight the portfolio with them. So perhaps a good way to start is to think about how you're going to finish and work backwards from there. If you define 'finish' as 'make a lot of money' and you're one of the principals in the start up, correlation suggests you are less likely to reach that goal. If you're the type that can stay focused on the delivery and not the results of the delivery (financially at least) it seems you will be more likely to succeed. I was thinking Kickstarter had closed down or something, the link title is poor. Just an announcement that one of their investors is acknowledging their participation. I would have preferred that in the title "Union Square Ventures announces they have invested in Kickstarter" a bit longer perhaps but you can put all the content on one line so its more efficient. Its like the other phrase I dislike "Rockstar programmers". Now my idea of "rock stars" is that they are temperamental, have low self confidence, and spend 90% of their time complaining. I've met, and occasionally worked with, programmers that fit that particular shoe and frankly I wouldn't try to recruit them. I am sure the HR/Recruiter is trying to convey a sense of urgency that keeps you at the top of your game, but I agree with most of the comments that companies that create their own urgency by not planning is the more common occurrence. It is important to understand that California earthquakes are extremely unlikely to generate tsunamis. That is because a tsunami (or tidal wave) is generated by a subduction fault where one plate is sliding over or under the other. When tension is released there is a sudden change in relative altitude on either side of the fault, that if it occurs under water results in lifting up (or dropping) a large mass of water. California has strike/slip faults, that is faults where two plates are moving past each other. They tend to create large horizontal dislocations along their fault rather than vertical dislocations. This does not result in massive water movement. That isn't to say that its not possible, at some level all things are possible. But locally generated tidal waves (from a California fault) are even more rare than earthquakes of magnitude 8 or higher. That being said, two things disaster planners can take away from the Japanese experience are; Storing more spent fuel in the pond than the pond is designed to hold is a huge deal, it should be on the inspection list, there should be mandatory fines if discovered and an immediate shutdown until the situation is corrected, and additional backup power options should be available, with infrastructure immune transport (aka helicopters), within a couple of hours. Add a bit of personal experience here. Google gave its employees unlocked Android phones (not once but twice :-) and some of us (like me), put our AT&T sim card into them and used them instead of our plan phone. There was a 'feature phone' data plan that was $15 unlimited and there was the $10/month 'tax' if you had an iPhone. Using the cheaper unlimited plan worked for a long time, and then AT&T started 'automatically' switching people to the smartphone tax if their IMEI indicated they had an android phone. I did what any reasonable person would do, cancelled my AT&T contract and signed up with t-mobile :-) You will note I didn't mention that Oregon and Washington :-). If you look at the USGS analysis [1] of the tsunami risk it does not extend below the western most part of California (Eureka/Fortuna area). This is a bit of fortunate geologic structure on the part of California. You might also note that there are no US nuclear power plants near the coast between Eureka and the southern border of Canada [2] so for some definition of risk avoidance, no one has built reactors there. Point being, in California at least, there is a very very small chance that one of our reactor's disaster plans will be challenged by a combination 9.0 earthquake and a 30' tsunami. [1] http://pubs.usgs.gov/pp/pp1661b/ [2] http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/File:NRC_regions_and_plant_loca... Google got a 'trainer', Paul got an actual fighter :-) But more seriously or not seriously, if you've got the cash you can collect unusual things. I've visiting private collections of train locomotives and military tanks (different collectors). The common theme is fascination with the technology and being able to 'touch it' as it were. Back at the turn of the century when everyone was worried about Y2K and DEC^h^h^hCompaq^h^h^h^h^h^hHP wouldn't certify PDP-11's or some VAXen Y2K compliant a lot of them showed up on scrap market. Eric Smith drove with an Air-ride tractor trailer to two or three Bay Area data centers to pick up PDP-11/70's that Bank of America was throwing out (literally he showed up, they powered them down, and carried them out to the truck) because of this even through they were working fine. Not really hacker news material though, maybe a poll "What would you collect if you had too much money?" Side comment, but perhaps an important one: "it is generating revenue & profit, a couple of hundreds a month. Enough for me to cover my hosting expensives, and working less hours at my day job." It is generating revenue, it is not generating profit. This may seem like a subtle point, but it really isn't. Take the amount of money you make in your 'day' job, add in all the benefits your day job has as well (paid vacation? health care? life insurance?) You mentioned your wife doesn't want to work at this business, so treat it like a one-person shop. Next you've got a hosting service, do you host on a virtual host? or do you have your own equipment? One of the nice things about things like EC2 and their ilk is that it aggregates a lot of operational costs that you can then consider in bulk (no need to depreciate equipment for example). Presumably you have your own computer (or computers) that you do development on, those you should depreciate because you will replace them as needed. Take all the money you make from this service, and put that on top. That is your 'top line' revenue. Now take all of these costs operational (hosting), local equipment, your salary, your benefits and that becomes your 'burn' rate or recurring expense. Subtract them from the top line. The ratio of that number (the difference between revenue and cost) and your total revenue is your gross margin. Obviously if its negative you don't have any gross margin. But if it is negative (and I suspect it will be) work backwards and make revenue a variable 'x' and your gross margin say "20%" Solving for x says your revenue has to be 20% higher than the sum of your costs to maintain a gross margin of 20%. Now look at your customers, if you have N customers and you charge them x/N Euros per year, will they still use your service? If the answer is "no" then work that one backwards as well, if your N customers are too few, for what n will the price per n be low enough to meet your revenue and margin goal of 20%? Lets say you figure out that you need another 1000 customers to meet your goals, do a sanity check and ask "Is there really a thousand additional people who might use my service?" If so then you need to reach them, so try to figure out what it will cost to "talk" to them (this takes various forms, going to a trade show where likely customers would go, advertising in a magazine or on a web site where likely customers would be reading/visiting Etc.) How many do you have to talk to before one signs up? One for one? One out of ten? out of twenty? Anyway, you get the point. Running it as a business is very different than running it as a hobby. I was trying to give you a sense of what you might think about in your question "What next?" to see if you wanted to make your hobby into a business. This can be a winning strategy, if the business is sound, because you already you know doing it is fun (since you started doing it with no expectation of return). Of course you may also find that trying to make a viable business out of it takes all the fun out, and that would be a bad thing. One of the things I admire about Larry is that 'impossible' doesn't seem to be in his vocabulary. The challenges of having Google be more 'startupy' are many, some that immediately come to mind; * Part of the allure of joining a smaller organization is that you can have a huge impact, creating a business from nothing to $10M/year is huge. At Google adding $10M/yr to the bottom line is chump change and you're a chump if that's all you can do. * One of the great things about smaller organizations is that not only does everyone have a general understanding of the big picture, they have a lot of respect for each other too. Google has grown so complex in its execution that nobody could honestly claim to know how it all works, and of the few who come closest they can't scale to be as many places as they need to be. There is an inverse square law that your level of respect at Google is 1/Jd^2 where Jd is your "Jeff Dean" number. * Start ups in particular get focus from solving a problem that is painful enough that someone will pay you for your solution, Google invents problems that nobody has and then has to give away their work to get any traction at all. * Start ups can fire their hardware vendor, pick and choose their own software, build methodology, hiring practices. All of those things are mandated at Google. Next up I'm afraid is a big poster imploring people to ask themselves, "Is this good for Google?" That would be sad indeed. I know adults who would like to simplify their lives to get back to a lifestyle that is more like the one they had in college. That is perhaps equally difficult. That is one of their challenges, adding $10M to the bottom line gets you no respect, creating a new cool toy, huge respect. So consequently the best and the brightest don't waste their time trying to do that. I asked once why this was from an 'old timer' (aka someone who had been there prior to the IPO, was on various promotion committees) and their answer was honest and direct, "We have plenty of money, so adding more is irrelevant, what we need are good ideas so we reward that which we need most." (may not be an exact quote, it was a couple of years ago but its close) Sadly I could see his point. With nearly $8B of free cash flow (after all the perks/salaries/taxes/gear etc) that's $400,000 for each and every employee (back when they had 20K employees) which they could 'pay out' on a whim to individuals (if they chose to). How do you make that feel more "startup like"? I think the challenge would be akin to Prince William trying to make the living experience in Buckingham Palace more like what homeless people feel. Not impossible but very very difficult I suspect. I think the hardware guys want to offer an alternative, that that doesn't penalize them for sucking at some aspect of the DirectX API model. In the way, way back times there was a spunky startup called 3dfx which made the 'Voodoo' video card. It was fast and it had enough fill rate that doing mip-mapped textures really flew. There was another company called nVidia that made the a new graphics engine based on NURBs. 3Dfx published a straight forward API called 'Glide' which was pretty close to the metal and nVidia partnered with Sega to publish an API to this new engine. It was a great time to program graphics, I had both cards and really liked the Glide API (even wrote a toy 3D graphics engine on top of it). But one of the things that I didn't like was that if you got a game it would have the 'Voodoo' version (as was the case with the Tomb Raider 1 and 2) or the 'Sega' version. They would look great with the right hardware and they would look like crap without it (falling back to software rendering). So Microsoft created an API to rule them all and said do your best with this API, and while games were not as impressive as they might be with a direct/dedicated API, they were at least workable on several different configs (and the PC has a bazillion number of configurations). Once the graphics hardware crossed the minimum acceptable visual threshold somewhere in the Nvidia TNT2 / PowerVR / Voodoo2 era with the crappy, but functional, DirectX 3, the convenience of not having to patch was trumping best fidelity for most of the market. All of the private APIs stopped being worked on at that point. There was the OpenGL/DirectX debate, but even Carmack suggests that without an active SGI pushing it forward that DirectX has eclipsed OpenGL it in terms of capability. So now that DirectX is so dominant, we come to AMD's issue. AMD (actually the old ATI now a part of AMD) has some really killer graphics architect types. They can imagine really really cool ways of connecting CPUs to GPUs to memory which would allow stunning realism with less work on the part of the programmer (which is code for 'even lame programmers would look good.') Except that programmers won't program to a graphic card feature if it isn't in Direct X because then they have a fork in their code base or it sucks on vendor Y which doesn't do X etc. So for a graphics architecture type at ATI(AMD) to get his or her cool feature in production, they have to design it, build it, convince Microsoft to add it to DirectX, possibly give up rights to some of the IP so that others can implement something like it, and then wait for everyone to catch up so that when Direct X version n+1 ships you can use it on your card which is now 2 years old. Kinda sucks doesn't it? If ATI(AMD) offered their own API that they wrote then they could update their API at the same rate they rolled out new silicon features and be much more agile. Hence our friend Huddy in the referenced article trying to make the argument that you (the game developer) would be better off if you weren't "held back" by Direct X. I've talked with folks like Huddy in the past and have suggested that one strategy for making this happen would be to go 'open' with the API. Which is to say publish the source code that could be compiled on open source systems so that non-Windows OS's could support high performance 3D acceleration (all features) without having to run a Windows driver or the Windows OS, on the hope that in doing so we might be able to create a 'better' gaming/graphics experience outside of Microsoft's control, which in turn would put pressure on Microsoft should that loss of control be perceived as threatening their core business. The challenge for that strategy is the whole "we are stuck in the X11 model stone age" that most of these OS's are mired in. (I am so tempted to resurrect SunTools, it probably sucks more than I remember but it was really fast even on a Sun3 so it should be like prescient on a modern machine) So you've got the graphics card vendors looking for more flexibility, that is a good thing. We should try to leverage that to get better (usable) open source drivers out them. On the way into work I heard on the radio a quote from either a senator or congressman which was "Do you still think meltdowns are rare? we just had three at once." I realize that plays well to the scared crowd, it would be helpful if we could help change it to "It is difficult to operate a nuclear plant safely in the presence of magnitude 9 earthquakes, fortunately that level earthquake is very rare." In many ways the responsiveness of the machine can work against you. Back when the Amiga was a hot machine to work on there were two compilers Lattice C and Manx C, Lattice was the one sanctioned for development and it took a long time to compile and link, Manx on the other hand compiled really really fast. A number of developers discovered that the fast compiler had a weird effect of making it easy to try lots of things quickly, rather than contemplating what you needed to do next. Then recently Randal Munroe published an XKCD cartoon on attention deficit management [1] which when I saw it, it really resonated with this same experience. Basically by slowing things down, quality improved. Clearly there is a fundamental principle here somewhere, something along that lines that there is an ideal pace for development (perhaps unique to each individual) where going faster or slower than that ideal negatively impacts quality. [1] http://xkcd.com/862/ It drives me nuts when people 'fix' things by making the symptom go away without understanding what causes that symptom in the first place. I've been playing around in robotics for 25 years, and one of the things that is just as true today as it was in 1985 is that for some mechanical parts, motors, gears, and other linkages, there isn't any 'there' there. And so the ability to manufacture small lots of things is appealing on a variety of scales. That being said, I suspect this particular effort, like those before it, won't come to fruition. The reason is that manufacturing, while easy to comprehend, is insanely complex at the nuts and bolts level. That being said I would love to see this be successful, I've got a simple idea for a widget and if I could get some time in a factory to make a few thousand of the structural bits to keep the costs down, I think I'd have a nice little niche product. While I'm sure I could get it done in China, I'm not interested in spending the time to learn the way to correctly bribe the necessary people to get the product I want. Another risk of this capability is weapons production. Making guns is actually pretty easy (the California prison population displays great creativity in this area). So if you create a capability to make small quantities of 'hard metal' products I would expect that you would be visited often by folks who would want to insure you're not tempted to become profitable the 'easy' way. I hope it works though, it would be great to have a field of small factories bloom. Very nice, easy to read, and provides a good visual reference for relative scale. The story makes the point that Google spends a lot of time and effort making itself appear to be a great place to work, whether or not it actually is. This is important because it means more people will apply there first before applying elsewhere and that gives Google a first mover advantage. That being said, any company looks better on the outside than on the inside. I don't know if it is universal but many, perhaps even the majority, of folks I've worked with where they were at their 'second' job, have remarked that some of the problems they thought they left behind, were where they arrived. The grass 'appears' greener but its still grass :-) I'm not sure what the big deal is here. I mean the Russians will send you up to the ISS for like $30M - $40M these days to visit for a few days. So you ask the Russians or NASA if you can borrow one of their HD cameras to film a commercial spot. Their both hard up for cash, and its not like you're asking them to film anything unseemly or anything. Not sure if this is a good thing or a bad thing. It presumably adds weight to consolidating Android patent litigation (Apple vs HTC, Oracle vs Google, Microsoft vs B&N, Etc.) On a related note, when I was first pitched on the idea of OpenMoko and 'Open Source Phones' in general, I responded that the existing infrastructure anti-bodies wouldn't take kindly to something like that existing. When Google went there with their psueudo-OSS (POSS) product, at least they have the capital to defend against spurious attacks. So the good news is that all around the table everyone has gone 'all in' (to use the poker vernacular). That suggests to me that this is the end of the beginning. My prediction is that we will have 6 to 10 years of litigation ahead (it is time limited by patent lifetimes in terms of starting new litigation beyond that time frame). At best, we'll get Google holding out to the end. That will result in a pretty definitive doctrine for creating an open source phone by 2020. At worst, these will collapse into an MPEG-LA or Public-Key-Partners scenario creating a leech like entity that bleeds the public dry, enriches the players, while allowing them to side step direct blame. (such a settlement would most likely 'require' that nobody portion of the fees paid back to the rights holders be public) Nothing particularly disruptive on the horizon unfortunately. I keep hoping for a 'wifi' smart phone that uses a network built with the white-space bands in the US. Of course they would keep a low profile, given the nature of their threat, but they would also have to raise probably 200 - 300 M$ to deploy and haven't seen that either. The pessimist in me thinks there will be a run on Vaseline. This is an interesting technology if it pans out, basically a way to do analysis quickly and cheaply for identifying unknown substances. Its also another example of how MEMs and quantum dots are combining to make tools that used to be impossible, possible (another article linked here talked about quantum dots application in wide spectrum solar cells) TEPCO reported it [1] and it was picked up by most of the news agencies. I am really surprised that no one has thought to use an UAV with a camera to do visual inspection near the reactors. I understand the issue of radiation and electronics not working well but it seems like throwing an HD web cam up there would help guide folks. Something that will no doubt be discussed would be better telemetry during events like this. I'm sure secondary systems were in place but it surprised me that without power to the reactor buildings all of the sensor networks were essentially down[2]. [1] http://www.tepco.co.jp/en/press/corp-com/release/11032105-e.... [2] One of the news articles on the restoration of power to reactors 1 and 2 reports that this will allow them to read the reactor's sensors again. Wow, I read it twice. Things I thought about when reading that page: 1) The OP hasn't a clue about market research. There is scale, there is volume, and there is price. 2) Anytime there is a massive lack of standards, there is a huge complexity play. This was a surprise? 3) Two pivots that were not mentioned, really high end home theater setups, and custom remote construction framework. 4) Vision limited by an individual's capabilities. Its good to know what you can and cannot pull off but its important to be able to see a bigger picture so that if you could find someone who could do 'x' (missing piece) it would be a better play. I wonder sometimes about the urge to move to a bigger thing than the current thing. The post on Entreporn touched on this as well. Oh and I got to see a spam comment in HN comments, that was interesting. Sorry for the mix up vis a vis the OP. It is a fabulous skill to be able to put together a fairly complete prototype in a month, it does let you start the process of analyzing an opportunity. My rule is that a working prototype is worth a thousand power point slides :-). Use what ever tools you are comfortable with. That being said, I understand that you were not thinking of this as a 'career' so much as a cool project. In your write up you got to the first stage which was you had pinned down some of the technical unknowns (complexity mostly) and had some market feedback (moderate response). The next chapter would have been should be phase 2 which is "How can I make it simpler?" and "Given the limited appeal, what size market would I need to make it worth my time?" The alternative for a lot of folks is the Harmony One [1] which is $250 list / $150 street so that sets some boundaries around price and acceptance. The first part of the question is an engineering exercise, brainstorming ways to simplify the who pipeline. The second part is a finance exercise, you have a 'day job' you make a salary and have benefits, vacation, etc etc. Take the total of what you'd "earn" (both tangible and intangible) as the 'don't do it' value of your time, vs your market research in terms of units sold vs price per unit as your 'return on investment' for doing it. Then factor in the uncertainty of your data with your 'future' return and you no longer have to ask whether or not your baby is ugly, you can ask "Is it worth my time to bring this one to term?" Ideas that are well executed have a way of paying for themselves. You are about half way to something I could use as an operations guy, an iPad app which provides a framework for showing 'dashboards.' Web pages sort of do this but something designed to be a control console using the iPad's gesture capability would be much more powerful. [1] http://www.logitech.com/en-us/remotes/universal-remotes/devi... It would be nice to definitively shut down this line of attack against Linux. Having references with Stallman and Linus both claiming that using header files doesn't constitute deriving a work seems pretty iron clad to me. I'm not a lawyer of course. Summary: its a sales pitch. Its nice to see well funded competition to the iPad. As with most technologies, we can describe the 'killer' product which would cut off the iPad at the knees: * Tegra 3 [1] quad core mobile processor * 2400 x 1800 10.1" screen (300 ppi) with 'real' pixels (which is to say every pixel can be every color) * Combined capacitive touch and wacom equivalent stylus control. * 2 GB low power DDR3 ram, 64GB flash * Wifi, LTE, Bluetooth wireless stacks * Micro SD, Sim, micro hdmi, usb2 (or 3) port * Android OS with FOSS drivers for all peripherals. * $400 / $600 / $800 price points * 10 - 12 hr Battery life If one started shipping that device today, I would bet my 401k that it would outsell the iPad2 by the end of the year. Of course you can't ship it today, nVidia won't commit to a ship date on Tegra3, No one will commit to the 'high def' glass for the LCD (ideally OLED so no backlight to add thickness), Android isn't yet good enough at managing the battery to get that sort of efficiency, and the Wacom equivalent near field stylus interface will need a new driver and API to integrate with the rest of the stack. Which is why Steve Jobs can make an iPad and most people can't. Steve would say (as legend has it) "Don't tell me what you can't do, tell me when you'll have it done or I'll find someone else who can." (and since really there isn't any new physics here, just engineering work, he'd be right) So far none of the players in the field seem to have shown that sort of attitude, which is unfortunate. I'm also on record saying that Android is too heavy weight for this type of thing. I suspect that hiring 150 smart people who were told that after every checkin the total number of lines of code in the android build had to be less than it was prior to their checkin, and that the feature set had to remain the same. Let those folks run for a year and it might get close. [1] http://blogs.nvidia.com/2011/02/tegra-roadmap-revealed-next-... I don't dispute that user experience is a factor, but I did not include it in the above based on the following reasoning; If Apple's UX was sufficient to keep an equivalent product running Android with equal or better technical performance off the market, then Android phones would not currently outnumber Apple phones. Manufacturing a technically competitive tablet form factor device is not something that can be taken on by a small start up. Creating a better UX is well within the reach of a wide variety of shops from small to large. The G1->N1->N2 evolution is a nice empirical example of the presence of competitive hardware allowing for a rapidly developed competitive UX. Android based phones aren't playing 'catch up' any more, once we have a reasonable execution of Android in a tablet form factor I reason that they will catch and surpass iPad volume and sales. If a technically superior platform was released ahead of an iPad refresh then I reason that platform would take substantial share from current and future iPad sales. I've always been a big fan of keeping a notebook around to sketch ideas, write down thoughts, etc. There was a interesting couple of sketches in the slide show that highlight, "CABLE GUY" and "SELF PORTRAIT". What the journalist didn't "get" was that he was looking at Bell's conception of the 'cell' phone or portable phone. In the "SELF PORTRAIT" we see a person speaking into an apparatus which no doubt modulates a current on the giant open air inductor slung over this poor chap's shoulder. By modulating a current in that inductor a field is created that has the sounds modulating it. In "CABLE GUY" we have another person carrying another giant inductor which is connected to a speaker. Presumably Bell was imagining that some how one would talk at a distance without wires but carrying around giant antenna equivalents :-). This was an area where Tesla was working and I don't doubt that Bell was thinking about ways to work this problem as well. I really like the info-graphic, but then again I'm kind of a visual thinker. Perhaps a more entertaining way to diagram it would be "The Land of SEO" which is really just the outline of Eurasia and you could map Ghengis Khans great battles to seminal moments in SEO strategy changes. Brad Templeton's email on ARPAnet about sending a joke a week to a billion people who had to pay a penny if they thought it was funny would make him a multi-millionaire was fairly prophetic. With ad clicks or 'page views' standing in for sending fractions of a cent. It will be interesting to see how this evolves over time. One of the things I don't like about the idea of 'tv unplugged' aka the Hulu Model, aka the Netflix model, is the idea that ads you don't like could follow you from channel to channel without you being able to switch. This evolution of Google's strategy between revenue, value, and antagonizing advertisers has great depth and complexity to it which will take time to play out. Next up, the great 'unflowering' where all of the useful information gets locked up behind paywalls and the 'free' information you can get on the internet is about as useful as the 'free' information you can get from those papers that are free at the coffee shop. Valid points, I won't bore HN with my theories about what makes the information economy tick but suffice it to say that the value chain will evolve as efficiencies in the market are developed. "The Google IPO gains made up for the losses on the earlier bets, but everything comes down to timing & then just sticking with something you believe in." Yes, but Google's performance in the last 5 years hasn't been stellar (from a stock perspective, instead what might have been dividends is being banked by the company, which is another rant) The tricky bit is understanding why Google and not Altavista or Yahoo? Not because they didn't have traction and penetration, but I believe because they didn't understand the economics of what they were selling. Imagine that Zog the caveman starts getting trade goods for pies made out of mud. He's thrilled and others get into the mud pie business, but one guy realizes that the pies that people want are round and hard and so he also gets into the mud pie business but only makes his pies out of hard fired clay. He becomes the dominant mud pie seller and runs the other guys out of business. Could they have prevented it? Sure they could but they needed a better understanding of how and why customers valued their mud pies. Google got there sooner and it gave them a tremendous advantage, but at the same time, to completely abuse the metaphor, they realized they had an elephant's tail and knew when to step aside when the crap came out. But they still struggle with elephantness, or at least they did 12 months ago :-) Fair enough, some questions though; "phones are a "necessary" device whereas a tablet is a luxury device" Ok, but are smart phones a necessary device? What if your phone reverts back to just a dial and talk unit while the "smart" part migrates into the tablet you are carrying with you? [not that I think that will save Nokia :-)] "consumers don't want another carrier contract so most tablets are sold without subsidies or contracts, whereas nearly all phones here are sold with subsidies and 2-year contracts." Except the Android Revolution as envisioned by Google is that nobody wants contracts at all. So perhaps a single contract? How about a Wifi tablet connected via tether to a single contract phone? Or both your phone and tablet using SIP over a Metro-Fi scale white spaces network? I believe auction priced spectrum at the consumer level without contract will become a key business in the next 10 years. "with phones, the carriers have influence/control over what devices are available to their customers. would Android be where it is today in the US if Verizon hadn't pushed it so hard before they got the iPhone? Carriers don't have nearly the same influence over tablets, and most people don't and won't buy tablets from their carriers anyway." I agree that this is the current state, do you have reason to believe it won't change? Certainly it seems that people are pushing to change it. Can you talk more about your reasoning that leads you to the conclusion that carriers will also control an individual's communications infrastructure? You make this claim "I'm just saying that the smartphone market is sufficiently different from the tablet market that arguing for Android tablets vs iPad by citing Android phones vs iPhone isn't very convincing." I certainly agree that "the smartphone market is different from the tablet market" today but back in the last century I witnessed a similar transformation in the computer market. I don't know if it will resonate with you but allow me to share it. In the 70's a "Computer" was a big machine that cost hundreds of thousands of dollars, had a large staff to maintain it, and was so costly to run that keeping it 100% utilized the was goal of every owner to maximize the value. Computers were controlled by a few big names which can be stand ins for "carriers" in your smartphone argument. Along came companies could build you a computer for a few tens of thousands of dollars, that were expensive for individuals but cheap for departments. They were typically called "mini-computers" and there were some upstarts named Digital Equipment Corporation, Prime, and Data General Corporation who were disruptive forces. Then microcomputers came out, they were toys. It was a completely different market, you played games on them or used them like oversized adding machines, sufficiently different from the "real" computer market that they were in a space all by themselves. The microcomputers eventually displaced 99% of the computing needs of individuals and businesses. Because computation and data handling, were the fundamental "product" that people used, not "computers", "mini-computers", or "microcomputers". I see the players in the smartphone market, attacking the big players the same way the mini-computers attacked mainframes. A smartphone is just like a feature phone, except it also can do internet things and run applications. Now we have tablets and they are more like laptops than phones (although you can make phone calls on them too) and they are coming at the market from the other side. But what all of these pieces of gear have in common is that they are the communication tools we use in our day to day lives to keep up to date, and communicate with our friends, colleagues, and family. Its not difficult to see that one could build a tablet that easily included phone calling features, accessed via a hands free headset that were both more robust and more useful than today's 'smartphone'. Because I see analogies in the computer revolution with the current phone/smartphone/tablet phenomena, I'm inclined to feel that companies that can be disruptive in the smart phone market can be disruptive in the tablet market as well. It was of course the capitulation of IBM in 1981 with the release of the IBM PC that signaled the beginning of the end for mid-range computers, perhaps we'll see a similar capitulation with tablets by a phone vendor. The addressable market is larger so there is more money at stake. And when carrying a tablet means you don't have to carry any printed matter it becomes a net benefit to many professionals to prefer a tablet with phone call capability over a smart phone. So my claim is that the communications market, of which smart phones and tablets are both participants, will become much more homogenized in the future (perhaps to the point where no one bothers to break them out) and that in such a market, technical performance and choice will be the dominant variables in driving market penetration. Android wins handily over iOS when it comes to "choice", so by my reasoning if the technical performance was there to meet or exceed the contemporary offering from Apple, it will have greater market share, in spite of a less refined UX. It has always been "believed" that nation states are using MITM attacks based on "legit" certificates and a single pipeline. This however provides stronger evidence that that belief is well founded. (versus just being paranoid). Combined with the Ars article [1] on those certificates that come bundled with the browser and the circumstantial evidence begins to pile up. Presumably one can delete various CA's they don't trust from their cache, but that just makes the browser complain that mail.google.com is using a certificate that isn't trusted, it doesn't let you connect to a server from Google that is using a certificate you trust. [1] http://arstechnica.com/security/news/2010/03/govts-certifica... I think Neil does an excellent job of capturing the essence of the first amendment. I don't think we do enough to protect peoples right to 'not read' however. edit: While I clearly remember this coming up in at least one of the cases involving DeCSS where a defendant made the argument that their use of DeCSS didn't infringe copyright because they were restructuring the DVD to not play the copyright notices and ads before the copyrighted movie would play, and the MPAA's counter argument that such a change violated the movie studio's 'commercial speech' rights such that the they had produced the DVD and made certain promises to people who had paid consideration and that changing the product like that involved changing the copyrighted work as a whole. The MPAA likened it to re-arranging the order of the scenes in a movie. However searching for a citation in the usual places has yet to yield a docket id, so I withdraw the following statement : "The whole 'commercial speech' doctrine where a company has an first amendment right to which is violated by me skipping their commercials on a DVD doesn't sit well with me at all." I'm sorry but it read a bit much like 'hey if you can visualize it you can learn it' but that is a cruel joke to someone who can't visualize anything. Sort of like laughing at someone for not being able to see the number in a color blindness test. Some people just don't visualize. Not even a little bit. And I'm not sure its "just because they never learned to." Myself, I've always seen the 'picture' in my head and even dream in full technicolor (like this means anything) but my wife of 20+ years just can't. She is definitely smart, graduated with a CS degree from USC and is a much better planner than I will ever be, but those questions where you see a flat piece of paper with a bunch of dotted lines on it and you need to guess the shape it will be if they were all folded, just can't see it. When I was growing up I used to think they only put those kinds of questions on tests so that everyone could get a few answers right, they were just that easy for me. So Newport's thesis that if you can visualize it you can gain 'insight' is no doubt true for some people, but it certainly isn't a panacea for teaching complex subjects. If you've ever seen the online math courses that Stanford did [1] under the EPGY program, it has some excellent tools that seem to work well for a variety of learning styles. Worth a look, and just down right priceless if you're home schooling your kids. [1] http://epgy.stanford.edu/courses/math/ Eric Goldman (blog.ericgoldman.org) did a number of roundup pieces around first amendment defenses against prosecution under the CAN-SPAM laws, and the one of the arguments set forth by the MPAA in its defense of the DMCA was that its commercial speech rights were violated by people who could use DECSS(sp?) to unencrypt their DVDs and just watch the video content without the commercials. I'll see if I can find the case id and post a link. I wonder if there will be unintended consequences if this gets really popular. There always seems to be that 'one engineer' who has a combination of good architectural taste, a lot of historical knowledge, and an ability to pull out the wheat from the chaff. Currently the thing that allows them to get anything done at all is that you physically have to go over and bother them if you would like to get their input, but if they start getting a stream of mentions perhaps it would simply get turned off. That being said, I'm all in favor of putting a user id or group id in a TODO(username) in comments so that whattodo(name)* can give me a list of things in the source base that could use my, or someone on my team's attention. [1] implementing the whattodo command is left as an exercise for the reader. Absolutely, but that is what makes the speculating fun. You have to ask, what possible story could you spin around what they have that justifies $41M pre-revenue. Even assuming a healthy multiple of 20, and investor exit of $250M you're talking about projected earning of $12.5M with a gross margin of say 60% that's like $21M/yr in revenue. And I'm assuming an ABC round (which is to say the would expect to not do another round prior to some liquidity 'event'). But they clearly have a good story and their investors are happy. So silly or not, its the path they've chosen. It reminded me of this blog posting I ran across: http://www.gamesbrief.com/2011/02/50-questions-why-too-much-... Personally I think its all about execution, and yes if someone can execute well. Canonical comes to mind. There is a significant barrier to entry in terms of the 'scale' of the product though. MySql made sense, sendmail less so. I really hope it works out fabulously for you. Say "Hi!" to the Andele guys and their delicious burritos. My experience was that working at Google was unlike any other place I've ever worked before (or since). Thanks for that 'Neil' :-) Its been my experience that raising money can feel like a cross between prostitution and social work! What you probably realize however is that by this point you no doubt have a really really good idea of why you think your company and your plan will be successful and you can defend that belief across a wide array of threats to its success. This is really really valuable in itself. I've talked with CEO's of companies that were funded by a single angel who could not articulate their companies value proposition beyond a few web 2.0 buzzwords. No understanding of what the risks were, how they would know if they were mitigating risk or making it worse, and no clear idea of what 'success' meant for the company. A bit silver lining-ish I know but true! Ya know, the guy is just not thinking things through. He clearly could put up any video, so he could have put up a simpson's episode or one of a zillion 'can you believe this?' type videos that get posted to YouTube every day, but instead he chose to put up a porn video. That's just not smart at all. I helped a guy who was doing sign art for a new billboard in Las Vegas (really basic, the sign gamut and pixel geometry needed to be taken into account in transferring his drawings from Illustrator to the sign) and after showing him what he needed to do (and about 150 lines of C code) he said "lets see" and proceeded to upload the image by calling the billboard (it had a modem), it gave him a command prompt and he uploaded his image, we drove down to see it.) I asked him if there was anything preventing me from calling the sign and uploading random stuff, his answer "Oh sure, you don't know the phone number." !?!! After I explained war dialing to him we went and had a chat with the Casino owner ... "Yet very few startups seem to target these areas." Perhaps you're seeing an artifact. Generally the startups you hear about on HN and elsewhere are trying to generate 'buzz' and 'raise awareness' to get to 'closing a funding round.' As you yourself demonstrate when one starts a company to solve a problem for which there are already customers in pain (and thus willing to buy the product), they can generally, if they execute well, get started and get profitable early on and then grow organically by expanding out from their customer base to adjacent markets. All without any big funding round or 'buzz gathering.' Solving known problems well, gets you a steady paycheck, its not 'sexy' and its not usually 'disruptive' and it is very very rarely even brought up in places like this. Because the problems are known it also means are are usually several players trying to get to the same dollars and margins are limited right from the start as people compete to be the chosen solution out of a variety of solutions. Disruptive changes on the other hand, take a market with a reasonable capital flow and shift it all to a single player. Depending on how long that shift lasts, the return on investment for that player is 10, 100, even 1000 times higher. The other problem here is that if you are a VC fund you can't leave the money you've raised in T-bills forever, you really really do need to invest it. So there is pressure to put it out there and get it working for you, and if its been getting 2 - 3% in T-bills and your clients were expecting 20 - 30% then the longer its been sitting the bigger a pop you want to spend it on. A very strange but measurable forcing function. I found it an interesting read, perhaps a cautionary tale. I suspect that if you are an entrepreneur 'to get rich' and you succeed and find you are depressed all the time because you don't know who your friends are, some (possibly material) portion of your new found wealth will go toward counseling. I had the non-unique experience of being a multi-millionaire for 2 weeks in the summer of 1999. Which is to say that on paper, in terms of options and restricted stock, and stock which was currently owned but embargoed (due to my companies acquisition) was 'worth' millions. I really had to sit back and think hard about what that meant, would I retire in 4 years?, keep working ? join a venture firm? The stock went from $120/share to $0.83/share before I could sell any of it so I never had to actually answer those questions but I found that how I felt when I was 'rich' was different than how I thought I would feel. I don't know if that is a common experience or not. I find the idea that someone wouldn't really feel financially secure unless they had $1b in the bank sad. But I looked at what Google paid for Eric Schmidt's 'security detail' and I realized that at some point you become a 'soft target' for people who would acquire money through violence or extortion. I would hope to avoid becoming one of those targets. I've heard that if you are ever in danger of acquiring too much wealth you can 'fix' that by buying an airline. (with props to Sir Richard Branson) This is a common story, engineer on project X does his best to convince management of X that they are making a mistake, they don't make the change, engineer leaves. The variables in this particular tale are * Engineer's ability to influence varies by factors {in|out} of their control. * Management {listens | doesn't listen} and {ignores | decides} not to act on the suggestions. * Engineer { leaves | is fired | stays and whines } about the whole affair. Its one of the rhythms of work. Everyone gets to keep a score in their head of when they were right and when they were wrong. Its been said that if you're right 51% of the time you're ahead of the game. Personally I prefer to be right at least 61% of the time in ensure that being right isn't just a statistical fluke :-). But listening to people's concerns, asking for them to explain their reasoning, and then acting based on reasoned debate rather than reputation, personality, or prejudice is key to getting to the best answer at a given time. Hmm, they print an aerial view that looks like Google maps and "For personal reasons we aren’t going to print the address." Sounds like hacker baiting to me. On a more serious note I would expect any VC to have a place to entertain clients and potential investments near where they are, its so much easier than trying to arrange schedules so they can fly to you. I suspect he's got a nice NYC place too for the same reason. Unless of course they don't violate the ToS and instead have a real person be your 'cloud' girlfriend. If you mechanical turk out the role of the girl friend to a human using the same sort of technology that lets a chicken play tic-tac-toe [1] then presumably you can finesse the ToS. Next we'll see a new startup for providing plausible deniability for ToS violations, basically you send someone a device with the instructions "When this light goes on push the button, if you keep your average response time under 5 minutes for the month we'll pay you $10." [1] http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=3-12N3kVh3Q I realize it is supposed to be funny but it comes off like sour grapes, just saying. Even the Cuil poster [1] (which is strikes me as really funny) is really only funny in hindsight. [1] http://blog.reddit.com/2009/11/interrobang-your-wall-with-th... One could argue (and I do) that it is the life they chose, they want their cake and to eat it too. But absolute control over the user experience is pretty much incompatible with 'open'[1]. As someone who was privileged to here some of the debate about this pre-1.0 launch I can tell you that the things that have come to pass are not 'surprises.' An alternative way to deal with this is to execute well and have you're stuff be the 'best' by virtue of the fact that you have a bunch of great focussed folks working on it and delivering new updates, but that is a hard strategy to execute successfully. There are a lot of folks 'outside' vs 'inside' when you are truly open. In one such internal discussion, when the question of lots of people outside of Google trying lots of different UI's and form factors, it was noted (with a well known cliche) 'that is a good problem to have.' I guess not so much :-) [1] Submitted as exemplar the KDE vs Gnome "discussion." I think the insight here for entrepreneurs is that 'web' is not 'enterprise'. Microsoft has spent billions targeting 'enterprise' (to compete with the big software players like SAP, Oracle, Salesforce, Etc) which is structured and deployed very differently than 'web' (where big users are Google, Facebook, Etc.) When I worked at NetApp we had customers in both sides of the world, what we discovered was that the 'enterprise' guys often had a cadence, it went something like grow, identify challenges, coast, upgrade, repeat. That cycle was built around taking the latest release of 'big player' software, qualifying it, then putting it into production, growing a bit, figuring out where the problems were, talking with their vendor, waiting, getting a new release and then repeating the cycle. But the cadence at 'web' players was sporadic at best and often frenetic, feature request, test, iterate, feature, iterate, test, coast, coast, coast, feature, feature, feature, test, coast, Etc. As ideas struck the 'web' infrastructure folks they would would immediately implement some sort of prototype or test case, then rapid fire come up with features the infrastructure needed to support to maximize this feature. But sometimes they would go long periods, months, where nothing would change (in the infrastructure side, web pages, UX, etc sure but same servers and storage assets). What I learned from that was that while it was great to have some other company own the burden of the 'base infrastructure' in terms of operational expense (hey you don't need Linux hackers if your not changing stuff at that level, so its a savings in staff etc etc) it imposes a hard limit on the change derivative. What happens if you try to change faster than the infrastructure can change, is that you end up hacking around the limits, and that builds up technical scar tissue that over time slows your mobility still further. So bottom line, you can't continue to pivot faster than your infrastructure, if you're hacking your way around the infrastructure to change, then your ability to change will die by a thousand hacks. If you find your self thinking you need to hack around your infrastructure, listen to that warning and start planning for a more agile base to work from now rather than when we're struggling to keep an old system working while developing a completely new one. I found this fascinating on three levels: 1) Materials technology which allows durable and light weight construction material of the bird. 2) Energy density, birds are notorious for having high energy metabolisms because flapping flight when manuevering is quite inefficient. 3) The kinematics are spot on, your brain says "this is a bird" which makes low altitude missions like surveillance much more reasonable. The Festo guys are just showing off of course but it does seem like a meaningful contribution to the UAV design space. Yup, all those things are good. I could recount the counter arguments but without the Google 'context' they wouldn't make a lot of sense to people on HN. And when you get right down to it, step way back and look hard, is the elephant in the room, the monkey in the wrench, the uninvited love child, is that the arguments not making sense outside of Google is a symptom of a more pernicious issue. When you get to the point where the arguments against something don't make sense outside the context of the internal path you've chosen, you have to ask if maybe you've crossed into an area where you're very much in danger of group think. I respect what they have been able to achieve, and I certainly respect the vision of data center sized computers. I also experienced first hand the kinds of weird rationalization that accompanies trying to mentally (or culturally) accommodate an externally forced invariant for which the original principles have ceased to be relevant. The 'Google Scale' problem is one such invariant. For a large part of its existence there was never enough infrastructure to support things, and if you looked at Google's financial disclosures they were spending a billion dollars a quarter on new infrastructure. An x86 class server costs about $5k, do the math. When the Great Recession hit that expansion stopped but what was interesting was this: When Google had been growing, an App that was popular would develop a material footprint in the infrastructure, that imprint would cause additional pain if it wasn't designed to fit in with everything else. However, just buy growing so much infrastructure, Google had reached a point where some apps would never have a material impact on the total resources consumed, the infrastructure was just that big. But the rules didn't change, you had to design to run on what constituted 'Google Scale' as defined in the present not by what it meant when that requirement was put in place. So the difficulty of implementing the requirement scaled with the size of the infrastructure, but the kinds of products that were being conceived and deployed would never need that level of scale. Stalemate, and what was worse there wasn't anywhere inside the company to even have the conversation about whether or not the requirement still made sense. And that was the root of a lot of problems and a lot of people have reflected that up the chain. When I was there this blog posting might have been a long missive to the internal list for miscellaneous discussions, it would no doubt become a centi-thread (over a 100 responses) and detecting any change that it produced would be difficult at best (and positive change would never be credited to the person who pointed it out, only the people who changed would get any credit). And it's not that it wouldn't cause change, the social network inside worked through these issues with a plodding but deliberate slowness and sometimes those internal groups within groups might reach out to the original instigator, but more often not. But what the change wouldn't feel like is "startup-y." I suggested to Alan Eustace once that Google I/O was a really cool way of getting people on board with various API changes and understanding the direction folks were taking, how come we didn't have an internal version? Lots of potential, lots of challenges. Fortunately lots of folks dedicated to working through the challenges to make things better and its always great to have Larry pounding his fist on the table to add some urgency to an already frenetic environment. Sometimes the table pounding though just made the organization look like one of those table top football games where the vibrating games board caused the game pieces to move, somewhat randomly, around the board :-) I don't think it is cynical, I think its more in line of "Having a zillion patents helps you when Oracle bitch slaps you about your use of Java." So while I agree that its a silly patent, the idea of patenting as much stuff as possible to defend yourself against silly patents (ammunition for countersuits) is understandable. Put it in an different context, Lets say you were married, lets say you had an affair, lets say that the news of this came to light and your spouse yelled and screamed at you. How do you think they would answer the question: "So? How is this any different from what every other person who has had an affair?" The answer is that the question itself is flawed, whether or not other companies attempt to game the system is irrelevant if the gaming itself is an insult. We know people will attempt to manipulate society and governments to their ends, we can all be offended when they do so in an attempt to enrich themselves at the expense of the greater good. I don't think its a joke, I think the CEO was genuinely trying to share that he had seen a lot of correlation between folks who programmed in .NET and people who weren't a good fit for his company. I get similar negative vibe when I talk to people who don't use data structures (seriously I interviewed a guy who wrote a frickin' file system that was linear arrays, all the way down) But it doesn't mean there aren't jobs that aren't a great fit for those folks, and this is where I think a lot of these discussions go off the rails (if you will forgive the pun). If I am a programmer who loves .NET, and I read this, I can choose to take it in a couple of ways, I can be offended that this guy has just hugely disrespected me and all my .NET lovin' friends, or I can be glad to know that I don't need to bother myself talking to any of his recruiters that are scouring the globe. As I tried early and often to drill into my kids, you can't control what people say but you can control how you choose to feel about it. "This article shows the worst thing about all of us as programmers: we tend to run on assuming that we are experts in areas where we have the slimmest idea of what the hell we are actually talking about." -- I think what you were trying to say here (but don't let me put words in your mouth) is that it is a mistake for programmer's to take what they know about themselves and to generalize it to everyone else indiscriminately. I would be happy to interview .NET programmers if they were willing to try other methodologies and languages. However I will relate that I have met people who have found God's Own Language (and it varies from person to person which one it is) and refuse to try any other language, or any other development methodology. If that isn't compatible with mine then we both should know that it won't work well. The author gives a good description of the kind of people he would like to work with, that is valuable because in reading it you can get a feel for whether or not you would like to work with him. So its a win - win. "Compiling & fixing other people’s code?" Google's internal code management system won't let you check in code that fails pre-checkin tests. This is generally a 'best practice' sort of approach. The challenge is however if you modify a library, and in the process of modifying it you change a side effect, and other code's unit tests fail because they depended on the side effect, you have some choices: 1) You can go fix their code so that they don't have the dependency and then check-in (this can be laborious because they have to approve your changes to their code) 2) You can re-introduce the side effect so that their code continues to work. 3) You can try to get them to change their code (very hard since they probably have bunch of other things going on that don't depend on you) 4) You can create a new library (or routine in the library) that has the semantics you want and deprecate the older version. While this was extremely painful for folks who were working lower down in the system it was not as big an issue for folks on the upper levels. And in a perverse way it motivated good interface design. "What gaming of the system?" If an organization objects to legislation and presents those objections themselves, its fairly transparent what they want and why. When an organization attempts to inject objections to legislation through an obfuscated channel (in the above case unions) to both take advantage of the political capital of unions (on which many politicians rely for campaign contributions) and to avoid the obvious conflict of interest that would come out of a company that makes its living as a patent troll objecting to patent reform. That is 'gaming' the system. Note that gaming isn't illegal, its just politics, but as someone once said, "Maneuvering the system for the public good is leadership, maneuvering the system for the public good and your personal benefit is public - private cooperation, but maneuvering the system for your benefit and harming the public good in the process, well that's just dirty politics." Presumably this isn't too surprising to anyone. Lets just take the really obvious one for the moment. Google sells advertisements, advertisement "value" is a function of how many people might see it, monetizing that value depends on a durable number associated with { users | subscribers | viewers | attendees }. Over the years Google has bought and to a greater or lesser extent integrated a number of web properties that had associated with them the notion of an 'identity' but few if any mechanisms in place to bind all of those identities into a single 'person.' One of the early abuses of this system was a 'penny' fraud [1] where a bright young lad used the system to create a number of fictitious accounts which abused payment systems setup algorithms. But a more pernicious problem is that you sell someone an ad that reaches 'a million users' the value is $X but if only 40% of those users are actually unique people then the person buying the ad feels ripped off. And if you can't "prove" to them that its not one guy and a perl script, well its hard to demand top dollar. Now MG Siegler is a master link-baiter and gets a lot of hits for that but I feel this, and the "outing" of Google Circles, and just the sheer clamor over at TechCrunch to be the place where Google's response to Facebook, what ever it happens to be, is broken first, a bit tiresome. Crying wolf indeed. There are several million good reasons why Google should unify all of its profile/user information into a single subsystem and most of them are dollars. If you have one way to 'do it' then you don't need 50 teams each maintaining their own set of captcha tricks, there own user data bases, and their own XSS bug fixes. Put it into one group and force down every other developers throat (inside Google) and you are good to go. [1] http://www.wired.com/threatlevel/2008/05/man-allegedly-b/ Most of the people who are stuck are folks who either have second mortgages or refi-loans which included a recourse. In order to step away from that you'd have to file personal bankruptcy and that can be really hard. That being said, I don't doubt for a minute that for the right candidate Google or Facebook would pay the difference on what you owed vs what you sold for if you agreed to pay them back if you left in under 3 years. They aren't stupid and the math works in their favor. ($150K is equivalent to 300 shares of 'restricted stock' @ $500/shr price (they call them GSUs) which vest over 4 years) Top engineers should be getting better than that so its worth a shot. When my daughter was about 8 or 9 her curiosity was peaked by me looking at the stock market value. (she was 8 in 1998 :-)) She asked, "Why would you put any money at all in the stock market, where one day it was worth more than you started with and the next day it was worth less? When you could put it into a savings account and every month it was worth a little bit more and never less?" That question set the stage for an interesting discussion about risk and return, but the really important part was a discussion about money, money that you needed to pay the bills, vs money that you needed "just in case", vs money that you were saving to have available in 30 or 40 years for your retirement. The complexity of money management is something that develops with a deeper understanding of the role of money in the context of your current and future life goals. A mutual fund is of little value to an 8 year old, but a great tool for someone planning their retirement. The linked article shows someone who has a photo manipulation program, and that program has image adjustment tools that he has never used. He erroneously generalizes that to an unsupported hypothesis that nobody ever uses those tools, and then goes on to talk about photo applications which are much less flexible (Instagram and its competitors) and how he does use their tools. It is a great learning moment. This is a huge trap for young entrepreneurs and it helps to think about it and not fall into it. The platitude is "know your customers." This guy clearly gets along just fine with a tool which makes amusing transformations 'easy' sort of the MacOS photobooth equivalent. And yet the tools he belittles in his mini-rant are ones that are used daily by artists all around the world, and there are even companies built around still more manipulation 'effects' because an artist doesn't see a picture, they see input into what they are trying to express. So when your customers come to you and ask you for these features in your tools, it helps you get to know them better and helps you understand their needs. And while we often start by building tools for ourselves, if we can add a feature that other people find useful (even if we don't) and it gives wider appeal to that tool, its a Good Thing to do. Even if, as posited, we are not gonna use it. One wonders if this means that home prices in the bay area will recover to dot com levels as well. Should be interesting to watch. Raise your hand if you've been to a PGP signing party. Key management is the weakest link of HTTPS/TLS. And the slide deck does a good job of identifying some of the forces that weaken it still further. It assumes (I believe correctly) that the various actors in this play are all working with their own self interest at heart. So "tofu/pop", to be an improvement (rather than simply training people to click 'ok' on a lot of pop-ups) needs to have some counteracting forces. But we don't have CA's which get their CA status revoked when they are shown to have given out untrustworthy certificates, nor do we have liability concerns on the browser maker for failing to warn you that something suspicious was going on, and we don't have nation state actors who will transparently step into the game. I don't have a good answer, but something that is purely algorithmic is going to be challenging to get right. We trust the bank when we walk up to the brick and mortar office because the cost of 'fooling' average people would be too high to build this sort of ruse. However we have no way to currently transfer the trust of the bank to its presence on the web site. An example of that would be taking home a 'certificate' key from the branch manager and then using it at home. I started looking at this as part of some Java security work in the 90's and got to appreciate just how difficult a problem set it is. And worse, the group that does the infrastructure has to be 100% open so that folks will trust it and 100% free so that it will be widely adopted. That makes for a very very difficult business model. The federal judiciary in California is sometimes better at handling complex intellectual property and technology rights cases because they have seen more go through. Because of this they also have some precedents which can be cited and which the ninth circuit is supportive of. I don't doubt if it were a complex financial scam that they would be happy to move it to New Jersey (where they have seen a number of securities cases go through) This should be interesting for both James and Google. In the Chinese sense. More than a few of the original Java team ended up there. I suppose Google has probably 'reached out' (or is that 'reach around' :-) to avh as well. The parts that are really interesting is the confluence of language design. Where is Guy Steele these days? At Sun there was a constant tension between Ousterhout(TCL). Java, and Self (wnj). Even in retrospect I don't know if it was a good tension or a bad tension. It made for some really interesting email threads. I also wonder if they see it as a defensive move vis-a-vis recruiting since working with James would be a compelling reason to leave Google. Given Google's current maturity (I mean they just figured out what managers do :-) and the change that happens in adolescent companies, I suspect it is a good time to join if you have a clear vision of what you want to accomplish. There is the old joke "What would you do if you had a billion dollars and a dozen of the smartest engineers you ever met? Join Google and find out." I would like you to think about the question "Why is talking on your cell phone when you drive 'bad', but talking to the person in the passenger seat 'ok'?" I submit that because the person on your cell phone doesn't have the same physical context as you, they don't know they need to shut up for a moment while you try to avoid a three-way with an overly aggressive BMW trying to split lanes. There is a certain amount of 'shared context' that isn't part of the discussion. Now programming isn't the same of course, and working at home when your single is different than working at home when your married which is much different than working at home when you have kids. Ever data driven, Google documented that people who had kids and worked from home had their productivity plummet between 2PM and 8PM. Is that bad? probably not, can you plan for it? sure. If you're managing a team, you can get a sense for how overloaded someone is at work, when they are working at home it is hard to keep your employees from burning themselves out. (Some people literally don't know when to stop working) By the same token a group meeting can be a great place to rapidly resolve a bunch of problems and to air a bunch of issues. On the phone you can't tell that someone is wincing when another team member is estimating 6 weeks for some effort, you can't know if they think that is aggressive or weak and why they think that, the conversation never comes up. Finally, if the overall percentage of your conversations are in email, rather than speaking, you add to the distraction issues facing people rather than letting them work smoothly. Bottom line, working from home has its place, but the value of being in the same space has its benefits too. Sadly no. Sometimes they will publish a paper or make a blog entry about some learning they have developed but unless they do it stays buried inside their data collection containment vessel. Tcl was the 'language to beat' amongst the new language products. Self was the 'language like no other' (or a totally new way to express what you wanted to a computer). Java was the 'language that re-used code'. C++ was kind of a joke (remember this was the late 80's, early 90's) since it took a perfectly acceptable language, C, and made writing code harder, more error prone, and less likely to produce correct code (all true at the time). Tcl was a language of rapid expression and Java was a language which was safer, in part, because it enforced a certain level of correctness (type safety, no pointer arithmetic, Etc.). Tcl had a "huge" installed base of developers, Java had zero developers and hoped to have 10 or 20K eventually. Bert Sutherland (the guy running Sun Labs and Ivan's brother) got everyone in a room and said "We're going to have a 'language' day, and each of you gets to present why you think your language should exist." the issue was of course that Sun had only so much budget and we had no business reason for developing any new languages. Surprisingly to some, Tcl 'won' that evaluation. Self was going to continue because Bill could self fund it if he wanted to, and Tcl had the developer base and momentum. The decision was taken to scrap the remains of the Java team (called the Live Oak project at the time) at the end of the Fiscal Year (June 30th, 1995). We were all set to be 're-deployed' which was Sun code for 'find a new job inside of Sun or we'll lay you off.' What happened next was unexpected. James Gosling, with Kim Polese's help, had convinced the lawyers to allow us to release the source code for 'free' (very un-Sun like) so that we could at least point at something we had done on our resumes. The requirement was that we have a trademarkable name for it (which I believe was, in part, to prevent Apple or Microsoft from re-publishing it as their own thing). We dropped Alpha 1.1 (we had secretly released Alpha 1.0 in February) on March 23rd. Kim sent out a press release to some folks. (not sure if she used PR Newswire or not) The Mercury News put it on the front page, they got a quote from Marc Andresson over at Netscape that it was cool. When I went to the WWW conference 2.0 (as in second conference :-) in Darmstadt Germany two weeks later, everyone wanted to talk about it. I manually downloaded and installed it on all the Sparcstation 20's that the sales office had brought to the conference and gave a quick set of talking points to the sales guys. When I got back there was a storm because folks like Ed Zander were demanding to know why they hadn't been briefed before we announced it, Phil Sampire(sp?) was complaining that people kept calling the sales office to get their sales droid to come out and talk about it and they had no marketing material and no prep. May press conference was already queued up as the SparcStation 20 / Firewall-One launch event, the SS20 got the boot and they replaced it with the Java 'launch'. I spent a crazy couple of weeks creating a completely Java home page for Sun (had I known it was a portent of all flash sites to come I might have shot myself right then and there :-) Everyone 'forgot' about how they were going to flush the team and instead everyone came out of the woodwork to claim they had supported it all along, SunSoft, SunLabs, and Sun Interactive (which had the only financial success with it at the time, competing against the Time Warner VOD bids). An entirely new 'planet' was born, called JavaSoft and the rest is history. What Java gave Sun at that point in time was a credible threat against Microsoft. The threat was that the new desktop was the browser, and the way you coded for the browser was Java. Tcl didn't play in that space, and to their credit I don't think the Tcl folks were willing to go there just to ride the buzz. Java's wake grew to eclipse the other language efforts and Sun never looked back. Nice to see some progress coming out of this. Its one of the areas in basic science that can be massively disruptive overall. (probably no need to tell this crowd was room temperature superconductors would change, I know they would sure lower my datacenter cooling bill :-) I don't doubt for a minute that this is something google.org would fund if the federal gov't money dried up. To much benefit for their business to overlook it. I agree its a pretty weak article but its a blog, not a paper, so I would not expect it to rise to the level of rigor for something intended for one of the IEEE journals. That being said, if you've ever heard of 'charity burnout' there is something similar called 'robotics burnout.' You discover it, you engage in excitement, but nothing happens, you can only be excited (or charitable it seems) so long before you need to take a break. But lets start at the beginning shall we? So in 1985 the Homebrew Computer Club was waning, it had been the center of attention between 75 and 85 but with people like IBM in the game and Apple going much more 'corporate' it was more of a users group than the folks who were changing the world. One of the special interest groups from that meeting was the Robotics SIG. A guy named Dick Prather who was active in that SIG decided that even if the computer group was dying, robotics was just getting started and so he did the SIG equivalent of a setsid(2) call and made the Homebrew Robotics Club an independent organization. It has met continuously since then (yes 26 years). One of the things about 'robots' that most people don't get, is that fundamentally a robot is any machine that has some level of program-ability that does one or more tasks while adapting to its environment. Your dishwasher is a good robot, it washes the dishes for you, or the pots and pans, or the stem ware, it uses a variety of sensors to decide if the dishes are clean yet and it dries them afterwards. If you didn't have it you would be getting a sore back moving dishes from the counter-top to the sink, to the drying rack. Folks have argued that to be a robot it would have to do it like humans do, but that is an angels-on-pins sort of argument. Generally robots are the expression of automation, and they have (as a market) been growing where ever it makes economic sense. As processors get cheaper and more powerful more and more things make economic sense. Of course for things that are really expensive or really dangerous its really easy to justify the cost. So for things like disarming bombs, or hunting people down in a country you are not technically at war with and killing them are both easily justified costs if you can automate them. ISRobotics, the guys who make the Roomba, make most of their money selling robots for things like mine clearing and recon, and yes shooting people. Founded in 1990 they were making $1M/yr in 1996 with 16 employees[1], that wasn't particularly sustainable but in 2001, with 9/11 they demonstrated the value of their packbots. And now at $401M/yr they are doing quite well except that over 60% of their revenue is "G&I" which is code for "Government and Industrial". Now that isn't all bad, its just that instead of comparing the robotics revolution to the 'PC' revolution you have to compare it to the 'computer' revolution, which is to say that a whole lot of investment and development is focused on corporate and government use until the the industry can supply enough automation to slake their thirst and to give some time to 'regular' folks. So in the 80's we had companies like Androbot and Heathkit approaching mobile robotics as gimmicks/educational, in the 90's we had a lot of toys and the start of robot (really armored R/C vehicles with minimal automation) combat. And now in the second decade of the 21st century we're seeing prototype self driving cars, a number of walking designs, and energy systems that can sustain things for more than a couple of minutes. Bottom line, things are going along, and getting better, and in many ways getting better faster now than they have in the past, but there is so much eco-system that has to develop around building mobile robotics that can do useful work that the rate of change feels much more evolutionary than revolutionary. When we look at robotics startups today, places like Willow Garage and Anybot you can get a good feel for how cool things could be and how far we are from seeing the kind of uptake like we did with personal computers. [1] http://money.cnn.com/magazines/fortune/fortune_archive/1996/... [2] http://investor.irobot.com/phoenix.zhtml?c=193096&p=irol... The exact time line is that after Java became the surprise success that it was, the Tcl team responded with 'well yeah, we could do that too.' In Oct 1996 Jacob Levy announced 1.0 of the Tcl plugin [1]. Oracle has eradicated all of the www.sunlabs.com content in the internet archive AFAICT so it is not possible to see when Sun Labs went public with it, but it happened several months after the Java 1.0 release which came out in Navigator in September of 1995. As I recall the sentiment was 'So you can run it inside a browser, what is the big deal with that?' I don't know if Jacob lurks here but he would be the definitive source. [1] http://lists.w3.org/Archives/Public/www-talk/1996SepOct/0090... My Dad is an engraver, he's good at it, he was complaining to me that he had more work than he could handle. I suggested he raise his price then. He responded with the typical "I couldn't in good conscience charge that for something that takes me only a few hours to do!" And then we had a long discussion about how the market sets the rate, not you, and if you hold your rate under market it will overwhelm you because you're leaving money on the table, if you don't have enough work to keep you busy then you're over market. The key here is the market sets the rate, you don't . Once we established that it was pretty easy to see how letting his rate float up would help with his workload, he would not only be less overloaded but he would be collecting more of the market value of his work. Since in his case (he's nominally retired) not working at all was just fine, he had a lot of freedom in over shooting the market and then coming back. I recognize that its not as useful for someone who is wondering where rent money will come from. Heh, yes he's much happier. He's much happier with the adjusted workload and it hasn't really changed his annual income all that much (perhaps a bit more income but a lot less work). Life is, to all outward extents, both more manageable and less stressful. He still undercharges his friends :-) Sometimes I find the copyright follies amusing, sometimes not. Its important to understand that when an organism is dying it has no compunctions about killing nearby organisms if, for some reason, it feels that its actions my lead to it not dying. Sort of like when a person loses their balance on a balcony, and in their panic grabs the person next to them and they both get pulled over and fall to an untimely end. As I am fond of telling people, the news business is alive and vital and healthy, the news paper business is dying like cold blooded reptile in an ice age. Why the discrepancy? News is, at its heart, and information business. Data is collected, it's analyzed and digested, then presented as editorial for consumption. You can think of this as a value chain where raw data costs $x to acquire, people (or algorithms in some cases) cost $y to convert that data into news, and it costs $z to reproduce and distribute that news to consumers. Consumers pay for the information either directly (via subscription) or indirectly (by tolerating being marketed to) or doubly indirectly (by giving up demographic data which will be later used to market to them). Sometimes its a combination of all three. Take the revenue (ads and demographics have to be converted to $ first but they all convert) per reader, multiply by the number of readers, subtract off the cost and voila, your gross margin. Lop off of that what you will for recurring costs and presto you're a news business. If the remaining margin is greater than 0 your a profitable news business, if its less than 0 you are a dying news business. Newspapers are generally lumped into the latter category. Newspapers are carrying a lot of costs they don't need to carry (printing, newsprint, delivery services). There was a perceptive write up about how the New York times would save money if it sent everyone a Kindle and just stopped printing the paper [1]. In fact it could send all of its subscribers a free Kindle, cut the cost of a subscription, and make more per issue than they currently make. Its not a question of 'making it up in volume' its about 'the cost of goods has just dropped 42%.' Papers are an old old institution. As institutions they don't accept wholesale change to their business model (even if it means survival). They have both a strong cash base generally and political base. So rather than move past the Asteroid strike/Ice Age and join the Web 2.0 mammals on the other side, they are flailing away in their newsprint and india ink tar pits. People walking by the tar pits have to watch out for them grabbing them in an effort to keep from dying, to bad they are already dead. [1] http://www.businessinsider.com/2009/1/printing-the-nyt-costs... Depends on your definition of 'work' doesn't it? When I saw the pitch deck for these guys I must admit I didn't get it. From what I could see it was "gee you can do divide in analog instantly!" which is to say that they had re-discovered analog computers. Now, don't get me wrong, an HDL for designing analog computers and a way to plug them into a digital stored program computer could be hella cool, but it read too much like someone simply not remembering the past. That being said, and the fact that most 'analog' stuff is done in a DSP these days anyway, it would be fascinating if someone came up with the analog equivalent to a CLB in an FPGA and an HDL for describing non-linear computation (something the original analog computers could not do). Its not clear at all however that these are the droids I was thinking of though. There is a lot of unused 130nm fab capacity though, so for a leading edge idea that could be implemented on trailing edge technology there should be a window. A mix of FPAAs and FPGAs, rather than all FPGAs or all FPAA. The DSP elements in newish FPGAs is a nod in this direction. High resolution analog seems to be just hard to do in practice. That is exactly the challenging bit. And something I was trying to figure out if Lyric had actually made an improvement on. If you could do computation in an analog matrix and still pull 32 bits reliably out of it, that would be something new. Nice. Having home schooled our children I have to say that it is definitely a conversation starter and not always in a good way. Its interesting that the list posted though only tangentially touches on the the crux of the issue. The public is being bombarded with messages every day that education in the US has apparently fallen below every country in Africa in terms of how much we spend on our children and fallen behind every other 'first world' nation in science, technology, engineering and math (STEM). The outcome is that people who are unable to home school but wish they could apparently feel threatened by those who do. At our house the decision to take our kids out of school was not easily taken. It meant that either my or I would be spending our 'life capital' investing in the elementary school education of our children rather than on other aspects such as maybe career points, starting a new company, or building a service organization to help the less fortunate. Since we were looking at what was essentially a 8 to 12 year commitment (we weren't sure if we'd want them to go to an institutional type high school or not) there was a potential to use that time to do any number of things. So if someone tells you they are home schooling their kids understand also it tells you what they are not doing. Not everyone is a good teacher, but anyone who has graduated from college and is committed can teach their kids what they need to know prior to entering high school. Public education is broken in a number of ways, both in how they allocate resources and how they evaluate effectiveness. Private education more able to evaluate and allocate effectively is not necessarily affordable to everyone, home schooling, for those who have both the time and the ability to make the economics work out, is, in my experience, very effective at providing the foundation. Sigh, its not 'one of the most challenging technologies' its actually rather simple which is why it was developed in the 1940's, a 'challenging' technology would be genetically engineered life forms, only recently managed [1]. Not only are synthetic life forms more technologically challenging, if they escape from the lab the planet is designed to provide them with an environment that allows them to replace all existing lifeforms if they adapt better. Public concerns, are just that, concerns. While its extremely important to have an open and informed public conversation around complex policy issues, they don't actually inform the policy they inform the public. If the national energy policy is to have 30% of our power provided by nuclear sources, we will have 30% of our power provided by nuclear sources. Human society ... yeah collectively we've been unable to keep a stable form of government for more than about 300 years (I realize that both the Chinese and Egyptians would dispute this given their emperor pasts but I don't accept that a series of emperors represents a 'continuous' government in the same way that a constitutional (or institutional) government exists with people merely filling rolls in the institutions) Nuclear resources on this planet are limited ... Uh no. You see the two most often discussed forms of nuclear processes for energy generation are fission and fusion. There using simply U235 and D3 we've got plenty. Successful implementation in space craft would extend that basically forever [2] You know how when you see Doctors in an operating room on TV you might think to yourself "Wow, that is very realistic" and then when you see them using a computer you say "That is so lame! You can't zoom in 2000x on a traffic camera photograph no matter how good your image processing software is." Basically we tend to give credence to things we aren't personally aware of the details of, and we instantly recognize the flaws in the the things we know intimately. However, everything has those same flaws, and if you happen to be sitting next to a surgeon they could tell you all the silly things wrong about the OR in a House episode and you could tell them about all the silly computer things they claim to do in a CSI episode. ABC news ran a story on coal ash [3] where they talked about cancer and asthma. I'm surprised they didn't run a radiation counter on the coal dust, if they had they would probably have found it to be more radioactive then the area outside the Fukushima plant. What is worse, the mercury and arsenic they were worried about are stable , which means that unlike plutonium they never go away ever. And if you ingest mercury? it kills you way faster than plutonium. ABC News could have taken a moment to talk about how if instead of the coal fired plants that had been built in Oklahoma they had instead built a single nuclear plant, statistics say that nobody in the town would have cancer due to the power plants. As it is, ABC News makes it look like everybody in the town has cancer. Not rational. [1] http://www.guardian.co.uk/science/2010/may/20/craig-venter-s... [2] The sun will eventually go red-giant and that will be the end of the planet so 'forever' in this context is the period of time between now and when the Sun causes the planet to be uninhabitable (more than a billion years) [3] http://abcnews.go.com/US/oklahoma-town-fears-cancer-asthma-l... FWIW I believe I've located the primary source for most of the ABC News coverage [1]. Its embedded in a scare mongering (I mean public awareness there) site which does not appear to be affiliated with ABC News. [2] Under full disclosure rules I must share that I am not a chemist. [1] http://www.psr.org/assets/pdfs/coal-ash.pdf [2] http://www.abc.net.au/unleashed/42476.html Agree with phlux here, its the 'terms of service' that, if they care, they will come after you with. That being said, did you approach them with an offer to sell them the app? In the Bay Area we have a variety of 'CalTrain' apps which vary in quality and utility, they all rely on the same data. None (in my opinon) capture the elegant simplicity of the original PalmOS application. In terms of infrastructure improvement, a generalized mash-up of all public transit combined with location based sensing and destination intent would seem to be the end goal. Maybe with an overflow timeout that links to Uber :-) The title seems to be off, from the article: "... she and her team gear up for the first round of human trials of an HIV vaccine." from that it sounds like they are starting human trials. As I this is not the first vaccine to get to this stage, it's certainly not what your friend was given (I assume your friend is human) as they haven't tested on humans yet. perhaps its simply endemic. Internally to Google (which presumably arose outside of Google) was the notion that folks who agreed would simply put +1 in their email. Some tools (especially code review tools) could parse that and agreeable phrases like "looks good to me" as the writers approval of the original message. Sort of an in-band upvote if you want an HN translation. When I read about it this morning I thought to myself "well that makes sense to 'me' but I wonder if it will be opaque to folks without that context?" Sounds like for some people it is. If you suggest to someone (at/formerly at) Google a course of action and they reply 'lgtm' that means "Ok" :-) One of challenges of doing this in high school is that the student body is like unenriched uranium, pretty much everyone has to go to school and so the mix is broad. One of the things that colleges do is that they typically have the kind of student in mind who will be successful there, and they have depth in various programs, so they create a selected population out of the total possible population, thus creating a more highly enriched entrepreneurial ore. As you don't get the benefit of that selection process by the high school (unless perhaps its a private school that lots of people have been competing to get into) you're best bet are places where such self selection is done. For business folks there is DECA, for engineering folks there is FIRST, for musical folks band, for future CS and math majors there is chess club :-). But all those share the property that they are a self selecting group, if there is a club or extra curricular activity you find interesting, and its voluntary, chances are better you will find like minded individuals participating in that activity. So depending on your Co-founder needs check various clubs in the space that meet in the Bay area. Sounds like a "ringing" endorsement :-) I look forward to their ability to make this work. Its been interesting to watch the Economist, the WSJ, Popular Mechanics, the Daily, all of these toe into the e-periodical world. In rockets, there is a point of maximum turbulence (or dynamic pressure) where the rocket is going faster and faster and being buffetted by the atmosphere but the atmosphere is getting thinner and thinner. The danger zone is where the force of drag (as a function of velocity and density) reaches its maximum. Rockets die here, and its the point you have to survive if your rocket will be successful. For electronic publications that point is where the electronic version subscriptions have cannibalized enough of the print subscriptions that the cost of printing the publication has gone up so high to start losing money (remember that printing, like other manufacturing, has fixed costs that as you print fewer and fewer become a larger and larger component of each issue). Success will be defined where the publications gets through that point and digital subscriptions take over paying the bills even when you eject the entire print business and drop everyone who won't subscribe to the publication digitally. How a publisher survives transitioning through maximum dynamic subscriber pressure (to coin a phrase) will define successful publishers in the 21st century. (my opinion of course) Link points to page2, page 1 is here: http://www.businessweek.com/magazine/content/11_15/b42230412... tl;dr version - Google is allegedly asserting greater control over what folks who ship Android can do (presumably as part of the license for the Google apps bit). They are uneven in their enforcement. Often times articles like this have some base message or meme they are channeling but this one doesn't seem to have much focus. One would guess it was this bold claim: "There will be no more willy-nilly tweaks to the software. No more partnerships formed outside of Google's purview. From now on, companies hoping to receive early access to Google's most up-to-date software will need approval of their plans. And they will seek that approval from Andy Rubin, the head of Google's Android group." But its not really backed up by the story line. The story is more a "they are lying about openness, they are really evil" kind of thing that I've noticed quite a few places are picking up. There is insinuations about the justice department and anti-trust. Frankly it reads like something Microsoft would say. That being said, if Microsoft really is behind articles of this tone, then I'd suggest they take a different approach and offer carriers a replacement for the Google apps package (mail, maps, search, chat etc) and create windows mobile/android that would certainly tweek Google's nose. I really enjoyed this, its an excellent UX pun. If you could use enough javascript to make it look like an emacs buffer some pointy haired types would be hard pressed to discern between this and actual work. That being said, if you are truly into employee surveillance (and I know of at least one company that is) then what the screen shows is irrelevant since the http{s} traffic between your work station and the world is just as clear without having to 'walk around and look into your cube.' Total kudos to the skinning though, I really enjoyed it. I think that once again someone inside of Amazon understands the information economy pretty well. This does seem like a lawsuit 'honeypot' (talk about mixed metaphors) since it cannot help but provoke a response (see mp3.com [1]) The thing that confuses most people is the emerging doctrine of information sale. What the music companies would like to be true, is that selling you a CD (or an MP3) is equivalent to selling you a ticket to hear the performance once. And as you could not reasonably expect, having bought a ticket to a musical performance, to be able to change the venue for that performance, the industry would like to equate that absurd request to transliterating a recording into a different medium or access method. Consumers on the other hand have expressed a strong belief that they "own" that instance of the music and that transliterating it, listening to it from different devices, and/or putting it on a mix tape and having it play as background music for their housewarming party are all 'well within their rights' of things they can do with what they own. The legal tool is of course copyright and many cases have focused on what exactly does it mean to make a copy (which would have been more obvious had the original case against magnetic tape gone the way of the record labels) and what is fair use, and what is the greater good. The motivating force is of course money. Given the physical challenges of having copies and even with tape carrying them around, the record labels were still able to extract a lot of money out of the system. With digital copies and network access it is a lot harder and they can see a time (or fear we are already in it) where the economics don't support the existence of a heavy weight 'middle man' in the music business. Amazon is clearly positioning Cloud Drive with the assumption that the consumer's conceptual model (I bought it I can do what I want with it) is correct. The music companies will counter with "How can you know they bought it? Maybe they just borrowed it from the library?" Amazon has a stronger claim if they have a receipt (and its one that Apple uses with iTunes). Best case, Amazon provokes a lawsuit that gives us a bit more clarity, worst case Amazon can only stream music from a Cloud Drive that you've purchased from the Amazon store (and perhaps to only a single IP address). It would not be a bad outcome (for Amazon) if lots of people were willing to re-license their music through Amazon's mp3 store. Perhaps we should start a pool for when the last record label that existed prior to 2000 goes out of business. I strongly believe the outcome is inevitable, only the roughness of the journey is left to ascertain. [1] http://techliberation.com/2006/04/19/why-the-mp3com-decision... Following in the footsteps of Thomas Edison? [1] I've never been a fan of the phrase "Any publicity is good publicity." But damaging the brand? I don't know that it rises to that level. Because the guy slaughter's elephants you think he can't maintain a credible domain registry? Now if he was running a shelter for abandoned big game animals, sure it would be a challenge but this is the guy who uses large mammary glands as a marketing tool. [1] http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Topsy_%28elephant%29 Wow, this was unexpected. Since NFC and QR codes have some overlap but in general fill two very different roles (unless you're talking about a putting RFID chips into magazine adverts I guess), there is a missing piece of information. I'm going to speculate that the missing piece is related to Microsoft patents or other patents around 2d bar codes. Three comments: 1) The Register is to 'news' as the New York Post is to the New York Times, which is to say its amusing at times and sometimes a good lead into something that is actually important, but rarely the definitive source for any story. 2) The entrepreneurial take away is that Web 2.0 has been racing ahead of hardware, its been able to do that because computers got better faster and iterating has proven more valuable that polishing. There are opportunities to be found by taking a good long look at where the technologies used can benefit from abstraction/compilation love. Remember that in 2005 putting together a 8,000 'node' cluster was really on the fringe, today that is 500 boxes with a dual Core i7 motherboard in them. 3) In case you haven't noticed this reads like a Facebook Fanboi insulting a Google Fanboi. Apparently it was modestly successful in this regard if you measure success by vitriol in the comments on the article. I thought this was a very insightful read. When I was starting out in my career I pointed out a huge problem in the company to the CEO, I naively expected to get a gold star for having such deep insight into the business that I, a technical guy, could reason out the issue. He threw a fit, I think it had been building. It was naive of me to think he didn't realize the issue, it was poor form of me to not come with at least an idea of how the issue could be resolved. I took that lesson to heart. My motto, "Don't dwell on problems for which you cannot propose a credible plan to address them." I agree its probably a gag, (and the boat name doesn't check out) but I could totally imagine this sort of internecine warfare inside of Google. Since the possible set of bidders includes non-starving non-entrepreneurs and everything in between, the vector relationship is direction-less and thus incapable of being 'backwards'. That being said, this has been a staple of charity 'silent auctions' for a while. I and 79 of my closest friends had lunch with Dean Martin in Las Vegas one year as part of a MD telethon related charity event. That was like 1977 I think. From the point of view of encouraging entreprenurial growth it is probably counter productive, you've got a lunch, with some guys who understand running a small business, but are you really going to be able to develop enough shared context to make any improvement over your current plan? I think it is unlikely and a trip to the library to read some of the things they have published (or accounts of how they did what they did) would give you a stronger benefit as the thoughts on paper are concise and on target, and not competing with 4 other people for attention. Now if you're a founder doing a funding round and you think your pitch is going to take more than 30 seconds and you've been trying for weeks to get them to just take the damn meeting so you could pitch them, well this could be one way to work that. Having recently needed to replace a router running DD-WRT I discovered that much to my dismay routers that can run *WRT are becoming less and less available. I suppose this isn't too surprising but it did annoy me. I ended up with a TP-Link access point (one of the challenges was getting an access point rather than a router) and it has so far worked out. Communities age, and institutions which appeal to members of a certain age tend to "wander away" when in fact the actual wandering is done by the members of the community as they age. Its a weird thing to watch. My feeling is that people who used to hang out on /b now hang out on /. and in another few years will start hanging out here. (or some other site that targets that particular group in time) "Logs are a stream, and it behoves[sic] everyone to treat them as such. Your programs should log to stdout and/or stderr and omit any attempt to handle log paths, log rotation, or sending logs over the syslog protocol." If you were being pedantic one might say that logs are a repository for temporally tagged event notifications that have occurred in the past. You can store these temporally tagged event streams in files, in a memory cache, in an email inbox, or a round robin database (RRD). Not particularly profound, but useful. Logs from disparate processes which share a common time basis however are the systems analyst's go to tool for trying to untangle secondary and tertiary properties of a loosely coupled system. I'm not a cinematographer but having gone to USC I met and talked with some (both aspiring and those who came back to give guest lectures). There was a digital projection system back in the 80's which had 60fps video, the output was much more 'real' in the sense of looking at the screen seemed more like you were looking at real life, and it jarred folks. One of the directors who was giving a lecture on the future of film felt it was the future but acknowledged the following counterpoint. 24FPS celluloid, with its known gamut limitations and temporal resolution creates an ambiance for the film. This is not unlike the way that canvas and oils create a certain ambiance about an oil painting. Now is the future of 'art' digital printers that can reproduce what an artist might have painted in oils, something they can paint using a Wacom tablet and Illustrator? No, not really. The medium is part of the art, its part of the palette. Do digital films at high FPS have a place? Of course they do (art is pretty liberal in what it will accept as a medium :-) but will 24fps celluloid be consigned to the history books? Answering that question is less obvious. The change from hand cranked to mechanically operated shutters was a clear win for cinematographers because it took some randomness out of what the audience would see, talking pictures did the same. The change from celluloid to video is however a medium change not a technique change. I believe the comment at the particular talk I attended was "If Leonardo could have taken a picture of Mona Lisa instead of painting her, would it be in the Louvre today?" Can't easily answer that. Your claim "But although the grain effect is available for digital photos, it is seldom seen." is a fallacy. I'm sure if someone wanted a grain effect in their photograph they would be more likely to actually use film rather than use a digital simulation of what film would have looked like had they chosen to do that. I don't see wide spread use of the 'water color' effect either but people still make water color pictures. It is just that they start out with water colors. I was rebutting the claim that shooting film on celluloid would 'go away' because there were higher frame rate technologies available. I don't believe that conclusion is supported by either current or past experience the art world. It was not a 'lament', it merely challenged the reasoning that 24 fps celluloid movies would be replaced in their entirety by higher frame rate ones. It would be uniquely both funny and useful if searching for a font name changed your results to that font (unlike the Comic Sans easter egg here). Imagine if you wanted to know what search results would look like in BookmanMedium. The css hack posted earlier on HN can do that though, so its not like its impossible. First, its not a copyright infringement its Trademark infringement, they are different. Search the USPTO trademark data base to see his clients trademark and their filing date. If you don't believe there would be significant you can do one of two things: 1) Have an attorney respond that upon reviewing his letter you have concluded there is no basis for infringement. 2) Ignore him (although watch your mail for a certified letter notifying you if they decide to file suit.) If on the other hand you find they have a trademark, legally registered, and that your business is apt to cause their customers confusion, then you your response will be somewhat different. This is the search page for trademarks: http://tess2.uspto.gov/bin/gate.exe?f=searchss&state=401... Note that they use the Sun Logo as their favicon :-) Yes, if you are doing business with the mark you get precedence, especially if there is lots of documentation that it predates the filing. However, be aware that everything I know about trademarks I learned over the an intense 6 week period when Sun was trying to figure out what to call Java (my suggestion was 'Silk' :-) and the browser (initially WebRunner but that was already in process by Apple/Taligent). Do consult a lawyer, do file for a mark if you want to keep it. Perhaps the same way one might solve a 'real world' (ie physical store) issue. You create the network equivalent of the 'Good Housekeeping Seal of Approval'. Typically the way that works is that someone diligently looks at every app and provides a rating based clear and transparent metrics. They do this in a largely unsung fashion as early adopters or randomly curious people begin to validate that their ratings correlate strongly with actual quality. Then, once they reach critical mass, the app vendors will attempt to corrupt them (or at least influence them) by sending them 'free' apps or 'previews' which don't exactly match what they actually ship. Depending on whether or not this new effort has been around the block before they will either lose all credibility once they highly rate and app where the 'review copy' was significantly different than the 'store copy.' Or they have some other fail mechanism (like not actually reviewing the app instead trusting some third party's opinion) If they dodge that bullet they will begin to grow in influence as more and more people will start using their ratings but that will also increase the demand rate ("Why haven't you rated app Donglefritz yet?") now it will switch from being something they were doing because they and their friends were tired of all the crappy apps and gaming the app store ratings, and it will start feeling like work because they are feeling pressure to get more and more apps rated. Also apps they rate poorly will start complaining, and some of them might try to intimidate them with legal proceedings (justified or not). Suddenly the value equation will be all pear shaped, they will want to stop but too many people are counting on them. They will want to find some way to 'monetize' all this work since they are getting poor reviews at their day job (or no sleep) because of all the time they are spending rating iPhone/pad apps. They start taking advertisements and have to deal with how an app they rate poorly actually gets lots of downloads because the same app is advertised in their tool or on their site. The ad isn't an endorsement but they need to figure out how to explain that to their customers who previously only had messages coming from them that were not paid for. Typically it is at this point where they 'sell' their brand, apologize and move on with their new found wealth swearing that 'next time' they won't cave in like that. Their new owners will milk the brand by turning it into a pay for play mouth piece for app vendors which will easily double their investment (since the brands legitimacy will die more slowly than the value of the rankings). Once the brand is completely discredited and usage has dropped it will quietly fold and disappear never to be heard from again. Oh, I'm sorry you wanted a solution? :-) "I hope you're referring to CSS Pivot :)" Absolutely, and congratulations are in order. Don't spend it all in one place :-) I can't really say if TechCrunch is 'over' (and here I thought 'over' was over (props to Portlandia)), but I can say that artificial viral marketing is a very strange thing indeed. Reading TechCrunch stories always gives me a feel for who is maneuvering and who isn't, and as with most blogs it seems there is a certain 'shadows on the wall of the cave' kind of aspect to it. As an entrepreneur, do you think it helps or hinders your efforts to be "exposed" by a widely read blog? As a VC/Angel is this where you look for insights into the 'next big thing' ? And what of Peter Yared or other folks who write articles and give them away from free to various outlets like BusinessWeek, AdWeek, CNet, and others? One of the things this article illustrates is that the Bay Area, and technology in general, is taking its lead from "Hollywood" rather than from say "Detroit" or "Pittsburgh". Why the star culture? Why the hype? Does Lindsay Lohan look like someone having fun? (I don't know but it doesn't look like it to me). Arrington appears to enjoy lightning rod status, and while he sometimes whines loudly about getting wet he must be getting something out of going into the storm. I'm curious about the larger question about what it means. It used to be that presenting at Usenix was "cool" and presenting as Uniforum was a "cop out." Why don't we have more of the 'serious' conferences any more? More questions than answers that is for sure. When ever I see this I realize its not really helpful. Sure all the facts are true but as I've said before you can't argue with people who are scared. In other news a hole developed in a SWA 737 jet flying to Sacremento and did an emergency descent from 32000 to 12000 feet. Will it cause people to stop flying? Some, perhaps, but for the most part no. When you read that someone on the freeway died driving a '72 Buick that only had lap belts and no air bags you say "gee, its great we have them now, we've just had fewer highway deaths than have ever been recorded since 1949. The same is certainly true with nuclear power plants, if we were rational we would say, "fine" lets relicense "older" reactors on the provision they are dismantled and replaced. Have we learned a lot about building reactors? Sure, could we get rid of the older ones faster if we built new safe ones more quickly? Absolutely. But we have to either learn not to be afraid (respectful yes, afraid no) of nuclear power and radiation. Perhaps we should learn about it in school, perhaps we should provide low cost detectors for folks. I think its part of growing up as a species. I think its an excellent idea, because if the company's secret keys are compromised already then that is a meta-vulnerability that needs immediate attention :-). And only the company should be able to get access to their secret keys. I would include in the encrypted message the length of the encrypted message. While its unlikely that an attacker would take a previously encrypted message and try to add confounding/confusing text to it you would want to avoid having the message compromised between sender and receiver. There is no way (as yet) in your stream to know if the company has picked up a copy of the vulnerability. But that may remain true as there is a question as to negligence if you know about a vuln and don't fix it, are you negligent for consequential damages it causes? There is also no way to know if two or more reports are the same vulnerability or not. It would be useful if there was a way to somehow indicate this but that too is a hard problem. The effect might be that when a vulnerability is discovered the manufacturer starts seeing a bunch of reports but they are all the same one, and then after the patch the reports won't go down until the patched version is distributed widely. I suspect it has something to do with what is locally defined by the culture as the 'successful' person. In the Bay area (not the 'west coast') the local culture embraces the 'millionaire nerd.' Part of the archetype for this person is they are a 'kid at heart' and may dress poorly, have star wars action figures on their mantle, and spend hours discussing the finer points of some new videogame. In NYC (not the East Coast) the local culture embraces the successful banker. The archetype of this person is a wizard with finance who understands how to convert a concept into a 35% margin. They court 'high net worth' individuals and corporations who, to a large degree, manage their outward facing image as part of their brand. They are acutely conscious of being at the 'right' charity events, wearing the 'right' clothes, and hanging out with the 'right' people. People who want to be successful in New York don't do April Fools pranks because it wouldn't project the serious 'brand' they want to build, people who are successful don't do them because the realize just how much they depend on their brand as part of their success and it makes no financial sense to risk that with some goofy prank. People in the Bay Area have seen billionaires hanging out with people in clothes they bought at Sears, seeing if they can use a mentos-coke fountain to knock over a trash can. Clearly the meme for them is "I don't care how stupid this makes me look, I'm all about the fun." For them doing an April Fools prank is just another way to have fun. If you look around at who is successful in an area and their image in the general media you can probably guess if they will have any interest in participating in an April Fools prank. As this doesn't seem like an April fools joke (some of the papers were published last year :-)) its interesting to think about it in the context of what it might change. That being said I don't doubt for a minute that the university has locked up as much of the technology as possible in patents but that is another story. We can speculate about what it will be like in 20 years when people can do this without infringing :-) Clearly it could be applied immediately to robotic manufacturing. Tracking parts, understanding their orientation, and manipulating them all get easier when its 'cheap' to add additional tracking sensors. Three systems sharing data (front, side, top) would give some very good expressive options for motion based UIs or control. Depending on how well the computational load can be reduced to hardware small systems could provide for head mounted tracking systems. (see CMUCam [1] for small) The training aspect seems to be a weak link, in that some applications would need to have the camera 'discover' what to track and then track it. A number of very expensive object tracking systems used by law enforcement and the military might get a bit cheaper. Photographers might get a mode where they can specify 'take the picture when this thing is centered in the frame' for sports and other high speed activities. Very nice piece of work. [1] http://www.cs.cmu.edu/~cmucam/ Valid comment but its analogous to claiming peanutbutter cups aren't novel because peanut butter and chocolate were both well known. There is novelty in being able to synthesize new systems from known elements which frankly I don't believe gets quite the credit it deserves. But that is just me. The point is of course that being broadly familiar with a number of things can help you put together a novel thing out of a previously unknown combination of those things. I've often wondered about this. There are a lot of variables and few folks have done the really heavy lifting of trying to propose an experiment that eliminates as many as possible. My current setup is two 24" monitors one above the other in 'landscape' mode. It is more productive (for me) than two monitors that are adjacent. For a while at Google I used one monitor in front of me and one to the right in portrait mode. I find reading code in portrait mode helps. When I'm playing with one of my old VAXes and have a VT420 with its 25 line by 80 column screen it is almost comically painful. However I'm about to embark on a 'new' thing, which is three monitors, a 30" one in the center and then two 24" monitors in portrait mode on either side. This achieves the curvature which is important (you really do want your monitor surface as perpindicular to your eyes as possible) and avoids the seam in the middle for large surface area things. I have tried off and on to find someone who either makes, or could make, a SWXGA (stupidly wide XGA) which is 2550 x 600 or maybe 1920 x 480. With a touch screen. In my ideal world this would be at the base of my center monitor, display useful information (think a whole monitor for a system tray / atop / system monitor / notifications) that I could touch (on the info) to bring up an app on the main display to dive deeper into it). I currently have the 10" MiMo monitor [1] with some not so clever yet custom code to interpret screen touches as non-motion mouse clicks (which is to say I try not to reset the mouse co-ordinates to the Mimo monitor but I do want the 'click' event delivered to the window that is open. If you're digging around for a startup plan with a hardware component you are welcome to make me one of these, happy to give a requirements document to anyone who wants one. As for the mechanism that makes one more productive, its apparently removing the physical action. Specifically if I need to refer to another window/data to continue I don't have to move my mouse and click I can just 'look'. My first use case for e-Readers was keeping PDFs of component data sheets open on my workbench much like one used to have a databook open to the correct page. [1] http://www.mimomonitors.com/products/imo-monster-touch-10-in... Extracting a requirement from the question, you have Define bad comment : A comment which has either or both of the properties 'mean' and 'dumb' and is 'massively upvoted.' Define Hacker News Health : The ratio of non-bad to bad comments. In previous systems this function has been addressed by moderation whereby a speaker for the culture has the authority to remove comments deemed to be 'bad' and thus by gardening the experience make it more 'good' for the participants. Not a system that scales well. I see a number of comments "Is this just another Reddit?" which suggests that from a culture perspective there are immigrants from other groups who bring a different definition of 'interesting' which has enough support from the group to prevent them from being pruned early. That suggests an experiment. Add east west buttons to comments, and perhaps topics as well. Notionally the value of 'east' is 'more like Hacker News' and the value of west is 'more unlike Hacker News'. Let readers vote on what they see as being more or less what they expect to see. Track their 'east/west' karma (perhaps we could call it there 'wings' with a nod to left-wing and right-wing). One could imagine then creating a 'fog' effect much like trending topics are moved to the top of the page we could move top left topics to the top of the page and top right topics to a new page . In the ideal world people would self select which page they were more interested in, and HackerNews could in fact develop a community much like Reddit algorithmically with their own start page and their own high karma posters. Could provide an interesting space to explore if nothing else. Probably a publishable paper in the results if someone were so inclined to go there. This is perhaps the interesting bit, using the 10 year t-bill rate to compute what it would take to make the median income. (its not $30M at the moment though, median income is $47,127 [1] federal, state, and other employment taxes reduce that to under $40,000 (that would be your 'take home' pay)) You will want health care however which depending on your age will add $500 - $2500 a month. So more like $60K). Now 10 yr bill are currently at 3.25% so you only need $1.85 million in 10 yr T-bills to pay you that amount of income. $30M in t-bills is about $975K / year which is way above the median. [1] http://www.census.gov/newsroom/releases/archives/income_weal... Well the US Treasury sells T-bills every quarter, folks who have T-bills and want to convert them into cash sell them pretty much at any time. A treasury bill has a 'face value', like $10,000 which is what the bill will be worth, and a maturity date which is when it will be worth that. If you buy a T-bill you buy it at an 'auction' [1] in which you (typically) pay less than the face value and you calculate what it would be worth when it matures, which gives you the return. If you hold it until it matures your return is 'guaranteed'. Bonds can be re-sold, and they are, so you can hold a bond for a while and as interest rates change the 'value' of your bond changes because it has a fixed maturity value and maturity date. So if you are building a treasury bond 'ladder' you take your money, divide it up into 'n' equal parts, and buy bonds that are about to mature 'momentarily' (like this quarter), in 2 quarters, in 3 quarters, in a year, Etc until with the last little bit you buy bonds that are brand new and mature in 10, 20, or 30 years (depending on your style). Now every quarter you have mature bonds to turn in for cash, which you then use to buy the same face value of bonds that mature in 10, 20, or 30 years. You will have money left over and that is your 'income' every quarter. The face value of all your bonds is 'fixed' and your income stream comes from turning over mature bonds into newly issued ones. This is exactly what a 'bond fund' does, it charges you to do all the paperwork, it might use a mix of bonds to get a better rate of return. But if its just you making a fund for yourself, pretty much any competent financial agent can set it up for you. And while it is very safe (because it is very low risk) it won't pay you as much as you might want. On the plus side with "Treasury Inflation Protected Securities" (TIPS) you won't lose money due to inflation either, with the caveat that the same guys who are paying you interest are the arbiter of what is and what isn't 'inflation' and as many have pointed out this is sort of a conflict of interest. If you have $5M and give it to a decent manager (I know I know how do you find 'decent'?) and tell them "I want an upper middle class tax free income off this with no risk to the principal." they should be able to oblige you. (disclaimer, I'm not a financial analyst! seriously if you had that kind of capital it really really helps to have someone who does this all day to help you manage it, happy to recommend mine if you contact me off list.) [1] http://www.treasurydirect.gov/instit/auctfund/work/work.htm A interesting conundrum. His book is 'worth' nearly $0 if he's an unpublished author. His strategy is weak because he's trying to hit a home run at his first at bat while learning the game. His understanding of the economics involved is very weak because not only does he not know how to price his book he states "You have to have a good editor and some good, knowledgeable friends who are willing to severely criticize your work." So he doesn't recognize (or perhaps he does but hasn't internalized it) the value that is brought to the book by the editor (who quite reasonably might want a cut, just like the back up band gets paid if they help you do an album :-) I suspect he may end up bitter and disillusioned if he is not careful. A 'healthy' way to work this would be to write the equivalent of articles on the areas that he is a subject matter expert in, that are short 1500 - 2500 words. Something that can help him develop his writing voice and let him seek out and evaluate the effectiveness of various authors. Self publish these for free or a modest sum (like $0.99). The goal of this stage is to build up an understanding of what it will take to actually write your books. Next once he has some experience and a good set of tools take take the top 10 articles he self published and organize them with a greater structure and updated to the current standards as a 'composition' book. This, if he has any audience at all, he can sell for $3 - $5. Surprisingly to some, but people will buy his articles again when they are put into this format. (magazines do this all the time they sell 'best of' books from magazine articles). He will also pick up new readers by word of mouth with other folks. Not guaranteed of course, he may find that his writing is not well received. But the whole "I'm writing my first {e-}book, I wonder what I should charge for it?" question is backwards, the real question is "What is a book I write worth to the public?" Ah yes, AC motors, the bane of most of the EE's in my graduating class since computing electromagnetic fields in a rotating context was such old technology. At the time the only 'use' for them was machine tools and blower fans, both of which took advantage of the fact that you could plug them directly into a 3-phase power line and they would run at 60 RPM all day and all night. Variable frequency 3-phase inverters which can support the current capacity to generate 100HP+ (75KW) was really only invented with iGBTs in the last couple of decades. The article doesn't mention that the inverters have to be cooled, as they are a significant source of heat as well. This is an ad Its a wonderful hack, using image results to compute the orbit of the comet. If I could, I would vote 'east' (not hackerish) [1] on this news. [1] http://news.ycombinator.com/item?id=2403696 Aptly named blog. Its interesting to watch the notion of 'cloud' get debated, monetized, and marketed. It used to be called 'liquid IT' or 'grid' but basically it is/was a way to reduce operational expense. The basic feature of disassociating OS/System/Infrastructure management from application management is a reasonable 'best practice' goal these days, and with applications built on top of a standardized infrastructure (think LAMP or its follow-ons) the benefits are very real. Of course if you just want to run a dozen machines you're not really talking about 'cloud' now are you? Fascinating study with some fairly straight-forward follow on experiments. I worry about these things getting the same bad rap that plagued 'fuzzy' logic because the investigators try too hard to describe them in human terms. So rather than saying "A new selection mechanism for data assimilation based on similar mechanisms that have been proposed in neural processes." they say "Its almost conscious!" which sets off a whole bunch of distractions which don't help in the underlying algorithm development or understanding its applicability to things like machine learning or process control. "Even as we've grown, we've remained a lean organization. We do not have room for people who don't do the actual work." That is a priceless comment. It exposes Jason's huge blind spot. Worse, it is on this undefended flank that great future pain may be inflicted. I look forward to the post-learning article. The underlying premise/assumption is that a 'manager' is not only not doing 'the' work, but they aren't really doing 'any' work. Its a very common meme in engineers, "The company makes money on the code I write, it makes no money at all on this guy telling me what do, it just costs them money." Let's reason about this using a fairly simple analogy. We will start by positing that we are all rats in a maze. Our maze is, unfortunately, filled with rat dung. We further stipulate that walking on dung would kill us so the only way we can move through the maze is by shoveling the dung in front of us, to the pile behind us and then moving into the space we opened up. All the shoveling burns up calories, if we don't eat we will eventually starve to death. Finally, we add that there is a cheese somewhere in the maze, and once any rat makes its way to the cheese, everyone gets to eat of the cheese. That resets the rat’s hunger level, after the the cheese is located the maze resets around all the rats and process begins again. Now in our analogy our engineers are the rats. And writing code is shoveling rat dung. And the cheese is a monetizable opportunity. Eating the cheese is collecting money from the opportunity. In a small company, having everyone shovel as fast as they can, is a great strategy for finding the cheese(s). Some mazes have more than one cheese in them, sadly some mazes have no cheese in them. A manager, whether its the founder/CEO, or someone in that role, is given the opportunity to stand above the maze and see if there is a cheese nearby or in the distance, by seeing both the maze and where the cheese is relative to where in the maze rats are, they can direct rats that have the best chance of getting to the cheese quickly in the direction they should turn, otherwise each rat would be following his/her internal idea of the best way to find a cheese in a maze like ‘always follow the left wall’ or ‘alternate left and right turns’ or ‘leave marks in the dung piles of parts of the maze you have already passed through so that you can pick new passages the next time.’ So the leadership role of management in any technology company, is measured by their ability to get teams to the cheese while shoveling the least amount of rat dung. Good leadership will understand that there are many cheeses (and flavors of cheese, some more nourishing than others) and be able to evaluate the choice of going further for a very nourishing cheese vs going out of the way to munch a nearby, but less satisfying, cheese. So back to the comment tail … “who don't do the actual work.” briefly. It is pretty easy for an engineer to recognize a problem in one of their colleagues, even though their colleague is ‘doing’ a “lot” of work, that work is inefficient and thus ‘poor’. Someone checking in version after version of a subroutine, trying to get it correct, when that subroutine is doing something that is provided by the underlying operating system. Lots of ‘work’, lots of ‘check ins’, but someone who had a bit more breadth might have done in a couple of hours what this loser is taking a week to do. As an engineer, one can easily appreciate that this person is taking up an employee spot that could be put to more efficient use by a better quality engineer. And yet it may be hard for that same engineer to understand that a manager is helping him, and his colleagues, be more efficient by working excellently on a component that will get them to a good cheese, versus working excellently on a component or a technology that does not proportionally have the business value they need to pay their own salaries. A real world example was a shopping cart company that had, at one time, all of its engineers working on a universal language independent component for presenting product descriptions in over 100 languages and nobody on the team was working on making the shopping cart code play nice with various payment services. Which is the more nourishing cheese? English only and you accept any kind of payment, or any language but you have to have one type to payment card from one vendor ? The engineers were all writing excellent code, using all the latest best practices and the language support module they came up with was best in class, but product was a shopping cart and the “high order bit” for a shopping cart implementation is “can it take money from customers and put it in the bank?” So when an engineer makes a comment like Jason’s about valuing ‘doing’ over ‘directing’, it can sound like the oarsmen in a galley complaining that he should be accorded higher status than the navigator since without him the boat wouldn’t go anywhere. But the reality is that without the navigator the boat wouldn’t arrive anywhere. Considered in the larger context, the navigator’s role is both more stressful and more important to the overall success of the trip than the oarsmen. What Jason’s comment misses, and it sounds like a blind spot, is the understanding that you cannot successfully navigate and row at the same time. Surprised nobody has yet to mention US Submarines[1] their Phoenix 1000 design [2] would be (if anyone ever bought one) the largest personally owned undersea craft, and a helluva an RV. There was a BBC documentary on a guy who built a nominal atmosphere submarine that could go down 1000' (300 meters). [1] http://www.ussubmarines.com/submarines/luxury.php3 [2] http://www.ussubmarines.com/submarines/phoenix_1000.php3 Excellent. This is the key bit for me: "...in a well-managed organization, one President or CEO can structure roles such that everyone is clear about the business value they provide and can manage their effort accordingly." And once achieving this point, you neither change the people in the organization, nor do you change the direction of the overall effort. Life will be grand. So 100% agreement on the goal of what every CEO/Founder is trying to achieve which is "Structuring the roles such that everyone is clear about the business value they provide and can manage their effort accordingly," Keeping the organization as close as possible to that goal in the presence of change, the limiting factor of using people that happen to be available in the job market at any given instant in time, and with the added constraint of operating within a viable business model. Well that separates the good ones from the bad ones does it not? It has been my experience that people who are not able to evaluate the relative contributions of others who are in dissimilar roles make poor choices. When I read a comment like 'we value doing over not doing' in the context of leadership, I wonder under what set of constraints is leading a group or team not a form of 'doing'? I can't come up with a case where someone who was, as part or all of their role, leading, felt that the 'leading' task wasn't a form of 'doing.' I have also not experienced anyone who, was in a leadership or management role felt that 'leading' (or in our case 'managing') they were doing was 'less hard' or 'less useful' than technical work (designing, coding, debugging, Etc.) However, I've encountered people whose experience is dominated by technical work firmly believing that managing or leading was both easier and had less impact than the technical work they were doing. And I've known managers who have been managers for most (or all) of their career and felt that is was harder and more relevant than what the technical people did who worked for them. So, to my way of thinking, if someone does value 'doing' over 'not doing' (which is good) and they understand the different values between what managers do and what engineers do, then the question of 'vertical movers' vs 'horizontal movers' is not a cultural thing its a 'what do we need right now for the business' kind of thing. It's like reading an article that says "We had to fire Bob today because he came to me to say ask if he could spend more time on gcc, you see our organization is all linux kernel hackers and we like it that way." And yet that pre-disposition to kernel hacking completely misses the benefits that can be achieved if you your compilation environment improves. Anyway, enough analogies, I can tell they obscure the point too much. "The only problem with this analogy is that it presumes that managers can effectively see exactly where the cheese is." Yes, its the difference between good managers and not good managers. And yes the downside of a bad manager is that a bunch of people have a poor experience rather and the rest of the team having to cover for a poor developer. So picking managers is hard, must be done carefully, and must be constantly evaluated. "non-technical people are promoted to management where they can supposedly do less damage." See the comment about the role of the CEO (or more senior manager) if someone isn't the right person for any job in your company, then you have to let them go. If you can't do that you're not doing the management thing correctly. Did anyone else find putting these two features next to each other unfortunate: * Messaging built-in Communication is an important part of the modern desktop, but it's a hassle when you have to switch windows to reply to a message. * GNOME 3 is designed to reduce distraction and interruption and to put you in control. Our new notifications system subtly presents messages and will save them until you are ready for them,... This isn't an April Fools post is it? I mean seriously, if you're willing to pay $50M or $100M to keep a single employee from walking, what happens if they die on their commute into work? What sort of risk are you carrying anyway? And I didn't think I could be amazed by 'Google scale' any more, sure proves I was wrong on that. Yes and no. Developer shortages are caused by company creation outpacing new developers entering the market. Generally its a leading indicator of growth, and precedes an inflationary trend in salaries. If the increase in startups is do to economic expansion around new markets, then the overall increase in jobs can be durable in the sense that they are for viable businesses. If it turns out that the creation of startups is due to rampant speculation from capitol chasing better returns in an irrational way, then the jobs will disappear again when the market corrects. So far, in this 'extremely reminiscent of previous bubble' non-bubble expansion, the source of capital has been, in theory, from investors who are making risk / value assessments in line with information about the business models they are investing in. However, there is also evidence to suggest that people who have acquired excess capital but did not experience, nor learn the lessons of, that previous bubble, are in the process of redistributing their new found wealth in unsound ways. As the previous explosion lasted about 6 years ('95 with 'Netscape' to '01 with 'nuclear winter'), and it was sustained in part by the unbridled enthusiasm of untrained investors, investing in IPOs. If this particular trend continues with simply VC/Angel money we should no in a shorter period whether or not the expansion is durable or illusory. Check back in 2015, you'll know if it was like 99 or not. So you can buy a house in the south bay for $600K, using that as a baseline and a 6% Mortgage you're talking $3,500 house payment which is 60% -> 40% of your take home pay vs 100K -> 150K salary. Leaving you 2K -> 5k / month for other stuff. (car/insurance/phone/cable/utilities/food/etc). 'Average' salary for tech workers is $110K [1] so can you live on $2K/month? [1] http://articles.sfgate.com/2010-01-20/business/17829511_1_si... Actually I included taxes, my pass on it was take base 65% of base pay as 'take home' pay and start from there. (I included both state and federal and no dependents as my guess). Dual engineer couples clearly with no kids are in a better spot. The question comes up a lot when you're building very large scale applications. When does it make sense to have your own infrastructure vs using someone else's (like Amazon's). If you're running 'one' thing (like say a hadoop farm) and you can optimize out the things you don't need, there can be a pretty durable benefit in building your own machines. People like Rackable, HP, Dell, or IBM who sell servers need to build them able to do 'anything' you might want, in order to do that cost effectively they often put things on the mother board (lowest marginal cost) which are perhaps not useful in all cases. However, when you're using lots of machines you have to power and cool those unused sound chips and USB hub chips, and may firewire ports that aren't really all that useful to a web app. I talk about it as 'rack level' blades, basically motherboards on a cookie sheet that only have network and storage interfaces. Taking away a size constraint makes building them a lot easier (you don't need a custom backplane for example, you just plug cables in) The upside is that FB can tweak Google's nose (who has a very high opinion internally of how good they are at operational efficiency) and interest some of Google's operations folks. They get to dispell some of the mystery and disbelief at Google's efficiency claims. If Microsoft, Apple, or Amazon hasn't yet figured out 21st century data centers they give them a big eye opener so that those guys are more competitive against Google as well. (there is a reason Google abandoned shipping containers :-) The more things they can throw at Google, especially now as the organization is digesting the CEO transition is nothing but win for Facebook. It is unfortunate that 'religion' and 'belief in god' are so inextricably entangled in American society. Too often, what people call 'religion' is really an organization that seeks to use the existence and/or potential favor of a supernatural being to impose external controls on 'believers' (which is to say if you don't do what I say you'll go to hell kinds of things). There are folks who believe in the existence of a God but are not trapped by Junior High syllogisms like "Can He make a rock so big He can't move it?" Brent Walters [1] is one such person who has spent a lot of time critically examining belief in God, why he believes, and what he believes, and more importantly what he does not believe about God. He has tracked down sources, and copies of manuscripts from around the world that help inform and educate as to what was going when they were written and to help understand the context of the writing in that light. I think Hacker's embody a very powerful concept which is what the Vatican (and the Dali Lama) really cherish which is the search for truth, through rigor and reason. When a device or program misbehaves a hacker wants to know why it misbehaves and whether or not that behavior is normal or abnormal . Its the truth underlying the observation that they seek. This is why debugging can be so rewarding, not only do you fix the problem but you often develop a deep understanding of the how the environment provoked the problem in the first place and what needed to be true for the problem to not occur in the future. Truth seeking is a requirement for hackers. As it is for those who would become enlightened. [1] http://www.kgoam810.com/Sectional.asp?id=32111 A rancorous debate broke out inside Google once about the suitability of Google's infrastructure for solving 'real' problems. The people who felt it was inadequate pointed out that everyone who built "super" computers did so with lots of shared state and epic low latency bandwidth. But Google's computers were designed with 'shared nothing' in mind, the architecture [1] so clearly supports web search but is useless for scientific computing. I and a few others were of the opinion that the scientific community didn't build the equivalent of LinPack or scientific simulation packages on 'Google like' architectures because they didn't have access to such architectures rather they had "Beowulf" clusters [2] which had been built to be more like Supercomputers. It wasn't that such problems couldn't be worked on shared nothing architectures, it was just that nobody was making any real progress along those lines. This problem reads like a typical Google response to such an argument "Ok, if we made some hardware available for this sort of thing, would academics be willing to apply some serious thinking to it?" No doubt buried in the details somewhere there will be some language about Google owning or at least getting free perpetual access too any code or techniques that emerge out of this experiment. You have to admit, if they could pull it off it would put a huge crimp in any supercomputer type system. But perhaps more interestingly, after I left Google one of the things that caught my eye was some of the articles that have been written about what quantum computing might look like. And I realized that with enough cores sitting around you could imagine how stuff learned programming that for 'real' problems might inform how you would program a quantum computer. [1] http://labs.google.com/papers/googlecluster-ieee.pdf [2] http://www.phy.duke.edu/~rgb/Beowulf/beowulf_book/beowulf_bo... Yes I did. But cherishing a thing does not prevent you from abusing it. This is a technology I've been following for a while, its the solid state laser system (as opposed to the free electron laser that is targeting a megawatt). In littoral combat situations this capability could adequately defend against gun boats, and it would be pretty hellish on pirates in Somalia as well. The news however is the ever increasing power available in semi-conductor based lasers. These are made by Northrup Grumand as part of the JHSSP [1] One of the investigations in the DARPA program is a 'backpack' laser which could replace a sniper rifle with a device that would not require a spotter nor any ballistics calculations. It will be interesting if we get cheaper bandwidth out of this work as well, reducing the number of repeaters needed to get a signal through a trans-oceanic able would be an improvment. [1] http://www.physorg.com/news/2011-04-maritime-laser-navy-clos... This sort of thing can backfire of course. Some folks see Not an issue for stack overflow but probably not something you would want to put at the end of your Bank's form letter notifying you of the commencement of foreclosure. So the interesting question for HN is this; what level of casualness is your startup taking with its customers and how do you insure that it is appropriate? I think large changes to complex systems are fraught with risks, and Larry's changes are quite large. But given how different Google is, as a company, than any other company out there, its not really possible to evaluate this change apriori as a 'win' or as a 'blunder.'. I've been out of the 'plex for a year. But when I worked there, every year things changed; from bonus plans, to quality of life 'perks', to who ran what. Google is good at change, they change things all the time. Google measures a lot. For some it seemed like extreme surveillance but it really was mostly about measuring effectiveness. Of course it also reduced the time to catch the contractor who helped his friends help themselves to some laptops to about 15 minutes after they were noted as being missing :-). They don't always interpret what they measure well. The feedback loop on that seems poor. From the outside it would seem that Larry is embracing one of the core Google beliefs which are "Change things to be what you think is the better way, measure what you change, fix what you break." Does that belief scale to the CEO's office? Guess we'll see. If its broken it won't stay broken since I'm sure there are a number of experiments in place to provide feedback on its effectiveness. The only danger to Google at that point is whether or not they can understand and internalize the feedback effectively. That was a skill I didn't see a lot of when I was there. Valid questions, but there are some 'known' unknowns which is to say you can't even start if you can't get some way to manipulate the moon on to the surface of the moon. There is a variety of material on the surface [1] which removes the need for excavation. Economically one would want to post process raw regolith into the desired materials to improve the profitability of sending mass back from the moon to earth. But what I like about these guys is that they're in kick down the door and get a search warrant later mode. There is a demonstrated capability in the Falcon9 project to get an earth/lunar/lunar-surface mission together. If you borrow the Merlin engine from SpaceX for your rover, autonomous landing in a gravity well with a power variable engine is a solved problem. [2] So most of the questions vis-a-vis "How do I get something on to the surface to mine?" is an engineering / cost problem rather than a 'create from whole cloth' problem. The 'knotty bits' in this particular endeavor are then three; a) Do we deliver a return capability to the surface (aka a return craft) or do we create it on the surface from materials we find there? b) What is the energy infrastructure, solar? nuclear? And do we build it on site or do we transport it? c) Of the prioritized targets (in terms of value per lifted ounce of the surface and into low earth orbit) what are the extraction techniques for each and their repeatability? That would be a helluva lot of fun to play with wouldn't it? Building a series of modules that could deploy on the lunar surface and provide a refinery capability. Presumably there is a scenario where you put a variety of payloads on the moon and a means to assemble into the infrastructure you need. [1] http://www.annualreviews.org/doi/abs/10.1146/annurev.ea.05.0... [2] http://www.armadilloaerospace.com/n.x/Armadillo/Home It's an excellent way to mine the mid-point of the long tail. Clearly YC has limited resources and part of the requirement to be YC is to know that everyone they accept must be able to get the level of support they offer for new ventures. The resource limitations guarantee that there will be people rejected which are otherwise solid ideas. So finding a way to get those people resources is a good thing for everyone. I don't think it necessarily has to be a 'competition' but it could also give YC the ability to know what if they had chosen 'project Q' vs rejecting it, giving them a way to perhaps tune their own process a bit. It's also true that there is an uncomfortable amount of randomness to startup success, founder chemistry, market windows, world events, consumer whim, all contribute an uncomfortably large factor to the success outcome. In some sense knowing the timing can be as important as executing well. Well the only successful strategy is to have a pitch that solves some sort of pain point that they are already having. One of the hardest things to do is pitch something where the potential partner doesn't see a problem. And by 'a problem' here I mean 'is causing pain at the moment.' You can tell a company until you are blue in the face that you will get them more leads, cut their operational costs, or streamline the experience the customers have when they deal with them. But unless the company 'doesn't have enough leads', 'has a problem with current operational costs', or 'has customers complaining about their interaction', all you will get is a thank you for sharing and nary a call back. The fact is that the larger a business is, the more averse to changing they are. The reasoning is pretty simple, most larger businesses both don't know all of the variables that are going into their costs and customer experience, and they know they don't know all of the variables. Thus, if the system they are using is working for them (for their definition of working, not yours) then they won't change it. All they see is downside (change makes things worse), and little upside. The only successful strategy that I have seen work with these folks is to find a way they can somehow canary your product with their own real data but without changing anything they currently have. That may take some extraordinary steps on your part to set up a completely parallel chain, but the payoff is that you can tell your future partner/customer, using their own data, how your change will help them and not hurt their existing system. I would expect the most common applicant would be someone with some number of years as a military or civilian test pilot. On a more startupery/hackerish note have folks been brainstorming what sort of business opportunities there are going to be in a world with space tourists? Clearly souvenir barf bags (joking) but more seriously, perhaps one-off altitude tracking devices, an iPhone app that tells you when you are "in space" or not "in space", an eligible singles who can afford to spend the afternoon visiting space kind of thing. People will eventually be spending more time in orbit, are there applications there? Zero-g 'flicks' when holding your iPad to make it to do things like move to the next page. Why doesn't anyone look at the extrovert/introvert question here? Its soooo much easier for an introvert to post on their own wall "Oh the new Tron was really cool" and then when other introverts meet them in meatspace to talk about how cool Tron was (or wasn't). Whereas those same two introverts in the same room at the same table sharing a meal might not be able (or willing) to surface both that they had watched Tron and they thought it was cool. Because, as introverts, they have an inner fear that if they thought it was cool and the other person didn't they would be negatively judged and things would become awkward. So from the introvert's perspective I'm sure that Facebook and Twitter has greatly expanded the topics that they discuss with their introvert friends in 'real' life. That being said, I recognize that intro->extro is a spectrum and I don't claim that folks who consider themselves introverts don't spontaneously start opinion based conversations, I only claim that having established a-priori the opinion space of the other person makes it easier for introverts. I've never been "inside" the loop on one of these decisions and I find them fascinating. If you've bought a company and you can't make it work, and it has to go, it would seem you have three options: 1) Sell off the assets, let the people go, and sub lease the space. 2) Sell the team and its products to another company. 3) Divest yourself of the company and assets by selling it back to the original founders. You're going to write off your purchase regardless and for a company like Cisco it will comfortably keep them from paying tax in the US for a year or two perhaps. But lets say you sell it back to the original (if they are around) management team. How would you structure such a deal? If you were one of those managers what would you need to ask for? Clearly you need some working capital because you'll have material in inventory and in the pipeline. You need to retain the manufacturer contracts (or a modified contract if they are more generic) and you need some space to hold the team. Seems like option #1 is quick, painful (you lay off 550 people in this example) and you have a lot off excess material to dump / dispose at a loss. I tried to buy one of my patents back from Sun (they were never going to use it) and that was a complete waste of time. So I wonder how one evaluates the impact to the business of these choices. Anyone here been in that situation and chosen option 2 or 3 ? Did it work out? Not? Did you wish you had chosen option 1 ? Probably not going to land in the jurisdiction of the People's Court :-). Now me? I'd say "Ok so $3B, we'll give one to the lawyers, one to the taxman, and the third one we'll just keep for ourselves. And we'll call it a day and put this nasty bit of business behind us." But that's just me, a billion post-taxes and legal fees would pretty much cover any eventuality short of Armageddon :-). If the providence of the email chain can be validated well, I'm sure the DLA Piper's are thinking they are looking at a potential billion dollar payout so they may be willing to commit serious resources to insuring that level of rigor is done. An interesting response. This statement however is demonstrably incorrect: "This guy is wasting his time." Whether or not you believe his hypothesis, you cannot deny that he is not rigorously testing it. And one of two things will be true at the end of his experiment; He'll be playing in the PGA, or he won't. In both cases he has learned a number of valuable things, and he will have advanced the understanding of expertise in some small way, and perhaps he will have opened up some new avenues for exploration. Personally I don't know if I could put 10K hours into something that I wasn't really enjoying, coding? sure, golfing? not so much. (even though I was employee #9 at GolfWeb :-)) So on that level I think his experiment is doubly valuable. Its an interesting argument hugh3, that the learning is insufficient payoff for 6 years of your life, but the cynic in my says the same could be said of going to college and coming out with a masters degree is Celtic Literature of the medieval period. (6 years, little employment in the field, not a Phd so you probably can't get a teaching job, etc etc). Lets say he does make it into the PGA, and plays for four years and doesn't win a single tournament but finishes in the money in all of them. (note that generally the top 70 or so players all get some money [1]) Depending on his walk through that distribution he has a good shot at making a million dollars over four years ($250K/yr). Which would be the equivalent of having made 100K/yr for 10yrs. The payment schedule is another area where the PGA differs greatly from other sports which appear to have a much shallower 'money' pool. (I'm familiar with Golf, less so with say Nascar racing or Tennis for example). The other assumption in your response is this one "but... hey, I learned that I'm actually not all that good at golf." which is at the heart of the whole Expertise/Outliers debate. The hypothesis is that there is a 'base level' of expertise which anyone can achieve with 10,000 hrs of focused practice. And once you have invested that time the difference between your performance and that of someone who was 'gifted from birth' will normalize out, or more precisely winning or losing becomes more statistical rather than expertise related. No doubt he's getting some sponsorship money from Nike and others who are betting that he will generate enough publicity like this to put their brand in front of others who are attracted by his story, so earning potential isn't exactly 'wasted' so much as 'different.' It wasn't clear from the original article to me what sort of pay scale he might expect 'working for the man' as it were. So its hard to evaluate the opportunity cost of that path. So if the hypothesis is correct, and he's rigorous in his training/practice, then he will make back much more than his 'earning potential' over those 6 years. Much like an investor listening to a start-up pitch which will take 6 years to disrupt the market. Give the guy credit for going 'all in'. [1] http://frankosport.us/golf/Purse/index.html Could be a real time saver, and of course the definition of a 'bot' can become squishy as in, "I've got an application that tweets as me for some things." Technically a bot, useful as an assistant? A much more interesting question is the believability. For older folks there seems to be a great willingness to trust what is written on official looking blogs, whereas my kids naturally distrust such blogs, and yet if the folks they are following are all in favor of some trend there is a tendency to see validity in the trend. Its clearly a more complex subject than I ever gave it credit for before. Sounds like a Google story. But regardless, some people define 'winning' as getting more out of you than you get out of them. Sometimes those people get into management positions, and when they do their groups seem to develop really wide pay ranges for the same amount of work. If you're a senior manager and one of your managers is trying to get points because "I can convince him to join for half what the last guy cost." then you need to jump on that problem right away. Managers have the challenge when they pay someone $X but they aren't doing the same level or quality of work of someone making $X - $Y. As a manager you have three choices: 1) Bring the lower paid person up to an equivalent level 2) Fire the guy making "too much" and replace with someone who is more calibrated to your organization. 3) Engage in a potentially unsuccessful campaign to bring the contribution up of the under performer. Of the three #1 is the "easy" one (giving people raises is always pretty easy), #2 is the "quick" one (especially if you're in a place where turn over is expected) and #3 is perhaps the biggest gamble (both the opportunity cost of not having the guy perform and the possibility he may never get there). It's one of those things that is different about being a manager vs being an individual contributor. Things are weirder in pre-IPO + post-IPO worlds where people assume that if they are throwing around a bunch of money its because they got it from stock or something. It can be psychologically difficult on someone who has a lot of money due to an IPO but is doing the same "level" of work as someone who joined later and got post IPO stock. Harder to manage and harder to deal with morale issues if they start 'resting and vesting'. Google was famous for having a 'personal multiplier' which would adjust your bonus and a 'median salary' for your pay grade but they wouldn't tell you either of those numbers (they made it a policy not too) so it was impossible to back check to see whether or not your bonus reflected your work or was just a beauty contest. When the company won't tell you what the median salary is for your pay grade that should be a red flag. But not sharing individual points across the spectrum I can see the argument for that. "One of the reasons I don't read tech blogs is because very often they're just recycled HN comments." Since there is an ongoing discussion of the quality of HN comments and whether or not they are improving or declining in quality, I'd like to dive into this bit more. Given the kicker 'Nice one Erick' I'm wondering if this is a complaint that pathik (the author of the referenced comment) is in 'real life' Erick Schonfeld or if its a complaint that Erick plagiarized the comment and turned it into a throw away opinion piece on TechCrunch? One might argue that mining HN comments for OpEd blog pieces would be one way of producing content likely to appeal to the HN readership. In this particular case a one-liner comment by pathik was fleshed out (slightly) into a comparison of investors using a quality metric of their startup ROI. Without taking into account their negative ROI on things that went south. In my opinion the lack of depth or extended insight in the TechCrunch piece was what made it 'throw away.' And one of the things about 'dynamic' journalism is the whole echo chamber effect. Perhaps most interestingly demonstrated when the 'primary source' for Wikipedia articles are articles that are published outside of Wikipedia but point back to Wikipedia as either one of, or their only source [1]. So if we are successful at creating really high quality comments on HN, and people take those insights and turn them into traffic generating blog entries (taking on some of the mantle of insightfulness) do we care? Personally I don't particularly care if someone takes something I've said and writes it up and gets credit for it. But its definitely a weird part of this interconnected social opinion graph that is created by the web. [1] http://techdebug.com/blog/2008/04/19/wikipedia-article-creat... Reminded me of a guy who I interviewed who had "dozens" of billion dollar ideas which, with a bit of funding, he could make real. I remember thinking, "This guy doesn't want a job he wants a patron." For anyone interested in 'seasteading' (a play on 'homesteading') might look at what the Seasteading Institute [1] has done along those lines. [1] http://seasteading.org/ "OpenVMS the only one word lie in the English language." -- Scott McNealy. I find the 'heat' over this topic (as measured by column inches of ongoing debate) fascinating. I used the McNealy quote above because when I joined Sun in 1986 they had just gone public and they were championing "Open Systems." As a concept this was pretty easy to explain, basically everything you needed to know in order to reproduce an equivalently functioning system was documented and unencumbered so that folks could create 'Sun compatible' Hard disks (Fujitsu Eagles were very popular) without paying a 'tax' to Sun. It also meant that as a company considering a significant investment in the technology, if Sun vanished tomorrow you had enough information to keep all your Sun gear running and third parties could continue to support it an create new peripherals for it, Etc. Eric Schmidt's first "real" management job was when he joined Sun and started heading up the systems group. The 'open systems' tactic relies on the incumbent player staying 'closed' to protect their turf for as long as possible, and it makes the alternative credible for people who are putting investment capital at risk. In Sun's case it was getting big players to bet on an untested OS (SunOS) and in Google's case it was getting big players to bet on an untested phone OS (Android). Had Google abandoned Android 1.6 and walked away, all the players at the time who were using it would have been able to still fix bugs and keep shipping handsets based on it without support from the big G. Now Android is the 'dominant' smartphone OS (in terms of volume) at least, and there are lots of signs that Google is changing the model to 'closed' to protect its turf, just as Sun closed ranks around Solaris and its own CPU architecture (SPARC). But there is a problem, in that the dominant tablet OS is not Android. So for that market one might want to still be playing the 'open' card, but if its the same as the phone OS then we play the 'closed' card, and we end up with 'both open and closed.' Google clearly wants Android to be successful. Whether or not you and I can get some, all, or none of the source is no doubt measured against that razor. It is impolitic of them to say to your face, "Look if you're not going to be making a million units a month we really don't care a whole lot what you think we should or should not be doing." but I am sure that if lying had not been invented that is exactly what they would say. Google makes money, lots of it, and even when these conversations happen inside the 'plex there is the reality that leaving money on the table is never a long term strategy. Just like that free toaster for opening a checking account isn't really free. I'll predict here today (and where perhaps Google's web crawler will be able to find it again in 5 years) that by 2016 it will be impossible to reload software on your phone if the original phone came with Goggle software but isn't sold by Google, whether they call it 'Android' or something else. Vendors will pay more to have the ability to limit your choices, Google will give them that capability to get paid more, the vendors will use that capability to limit your choices. I'm sure the same guy complained about the word 'Grid' or the word 'Cluster' or the words 'Tier 1.' Buzzwords come and go, when they get over used they are more confusing than clarifying. Since many (if not most) of the folks who buy computers don't have any formal education in computers and what they do, the only way they can reason about them is by analogy. Reasoning by analogy begets buzzwords (tautology). Amongst professionals, reasoning by analogy is an OK place to start but it should quickly solidify into something you can walk back to first principles. I once heard someone say that they called it 'cloud' computing because "You can't touch it, if you're in the middle of it you can't navigate, and sooner or later its going to dump a pile of crap on you and ruin your picnic." Seemed like they 'got it.' Aren't the Google Docs GDATA enabled? [1] If so then it should be pretty straightforward to write a script which would pull down copies of any file that had changed for local backup. [1] http://code.google.com/googleapps/appsscript/service_docslis... Not really. GCal will show you yesterday, today, tomorrow, and the day after tomorrow. What the poster wanted was "today" set wider so that you didn't get "multi-appoinment-squishes-text-into-unreadable-jumble" columns, then a two days in the future (no Yesterday), in a narrower column, and then a fourth column with things that are more than 3 days away but presumably less than a month or maybe a couple of weeks away. That is a much more intuitive way to think about scheduling for some people. And one that I would use if GCal supported it. I understood that, he's going through the 'standard' Google escalation process for paying customers. Someone from Site Reliability Engineering (SRE) in the docs group is no doubt working on a ticket to track down broken GFS cell or maybe a PCR (that was code for changes that might take out a whole cluster or data center for periods of time). Its probably one of a few dozen they are looking at and given the layering the actual fix could take a couple of days to take hold, especially if the data in question is actually only available on tape at this point. But he's an operations guy like me, and he probably wears both a belt and suspenders just in case the belt breaks. So in response to the complaint that emailing yourself files to insure you have copies is a pain, I suggested he script the moral equivalent using Google's provided APIs to the docs service. You are right, sashthebash wants exactly what GCal provides for the most part. (For what ever reason going to settings on my paid version of GAFYD doesn't support changing the 4 day view from anything other than yesterday, today, + two days, but I don't disbelieve that you have a version that has such a feature available to you). I wasn't being clear in my response that I was talking about what the author of the linked article actually has a much better design [1] in mind for a 'bigger than today, less than a week' view. I think it would be nice if GCal picked that up, I can understand that its providence might make that impossible. [1] http://www.flickr.com/photos/25553417@N00/4971755231 I'll reiterate a theme running through the comments here. Do what you love to do. Whether or not you get rich doing it you will be happy and you will enjoy your life because your day to day existence is filled with memories of doing something you love doing. Life will throw annoying things at you and they will be more tolerable if you have things to do which you enjoy. That being said, if you love programming or systems analysis, this is an excellent time for you. We are fast approaching a time where 100% of the population will be experience a computation platform in their daily activities. There are lots and lots and lots of things that can benefit from that, the environment is target rich. I don't know if people think about it economically. If they did then you might say: There is a nuclear reactor near here. If there is a 9+ magnitude quake with a matching tsunami then the water surge will probably kill you. If you survive that you may have to evacuate for a couple of months while we get the nuclear plant back into a stable configuration. This has never happened in recorded history but it is possible. Are you sure you want to buy/rent this house and live here? Hammock your statement "Nuclear accidents on the other hand are something that we can prevent, either by more robust disaster planning, or by not having nuke plants in sensitive areas to begin with." implies that we haven't prevented them, when in fact we have. Japan has had very large earthquakes before and their nuclear facilities have come through unscathed. This particular event will, in all likelyhood, kill no one out right and probably not change the life expectancy in any measurable way for more than a handful of people. So while the statistically amazingingly unusual earthquake + tsunami got through the back up cooling system defenses, the 'worst possible' scenario you might imagine, and no one has been killed? I'm pretty sure most people would take that bet and decide to live there. They would be even more likely if they realized that just flying on a commercial airliner once a year has a better chance of killing them. I understand the fear that radiation induces in people, they can't see it, they feel like they can be 'dead' already and not know it, and there really isn't a good way to hide from it (unless perhaps you have a lead lined shelter). But it is more of a phobia than a rational fear. There are many places you can live where there is no risk of a nuclear accident and if a person's phobia is strong, they may choose to live there, just as people who fear of heights may choose to live in single story structures. There is however an even bigger threat, for which we completely understand the threat and are not doing a damn thing about. Yup, the bad news is that pretty much anywhere on the planet you can be killed by an Asteroid impact [1] which, surprisingly, is about as likely than a 9+ quake and a tsunami [2]. And perhaps more telling, given the inverse square law, you can actually build a shelter that is impervious to any event at any reactor for any given distance, but you can't do that for a space rock. [1] http://neo.jpl.nasa.gov/risk/ [2] Paleoseismic evidence shows that great earthquakes or earthquake couplets occur about every 230 years ( http://www.gps.caltech.edu/~sieh/publications/a10.html ). "Companies producing open-source need to make money too -- that's not anything new." I find this statement ironic. My understanding of 'free software' movement is that only the creation (or modification) of software incurs economic debt, use and distribution do not. In that model of the world company A is writing software because they need that software to make money. They subtract the cost of making the software from the total dollars they receive and that is their margin. They 'gift' their economic output to the community on the hopes that they will see a return gift in the form of changes that improves their ability to exploit the software to make money. If you "need" to make money, then you really shouldn't be participating in a gift economy should you? If you gift me with MySQL and I make a crap-ton of money by creating a web service that allows me to convert some customer pain to dollars, I don't owe you anything in exchange for your gift. I may, if I want the gifts to keep coming throw you a bone now and then. But at the end of the day if you 'need' to make money, gifting is a very uncertain way to go about it. When Google was struggling with various people being locked out of email and not being able to get back in (without an alternate channel its really hard to verify you are who you are without a bad actor in the loop) I proposed a project for creating an identity token. I was playing with the Yubikey [1] as a possible approach. I certainly think something like that has the basic concepts, physical possession of the device which can be queried to provide strong identity verification. It was amusing (in a greek tragedy sort of way) to watch the conversation get de-railed by reductio ad absurdum arguments about perfect security. When in fact it would benefit over 80% and perhaps as many as 95% of the Internet users to have something like this. Still have the business plan. Its a bit capital intensive since it functions best when everyone has it, but the basics were build the base system in a "open" documented kind of way (so that folks could verify for themselves it wasn't snake oil), create a licenseable fob capability that is compatible with a variety of communication mechanisms (this was pretty straight forward). Have a 'key' implementation cost less than $5/key in quantity going to less then $1/key (Difficult but doable I believe) and three key partnerships. The 'competitors' are soft systems which are implemented on handheld devices or other token schemes. Russell Coker wrote up a good summary set [2]. The 'secret' sauce of this effort, or perhaps the key learning that makes it different from other systems, is how it deals with key theft and alternate identities. Great systems problem! [1] http://www.yubico.com/yubikey [2] http://etbe.coker.com.au/2010/03/15/security-tokens/ I lived in Las Vegas in the 70's when the Secret Service stepped in and shut down the process of people paying for things with Casino Chips. For those not familiar with them, a Casino Chip has a current denomination ($1, $5, $25, etc) and the name of the Casino on it. For a long time Casinos, as service to their customers, didn't care if you played with another Casino's chips so you could just carry them around from place to place and play them. At the end of the day the Casinos would settle accounts and exchange chips and cash to make it all come out even. It was a great convenience and while occasionally people would try to counterfeit chips, at that time if you were caught doing that you literally disappeared. Of course businesses near the Casinos, 7-11, restaurants, etc, started accepting chips in lieu of cash since they could just walk next door and exchange them for cash. It was a kind of fun and "just one of those things." And then the secret service came and said "Under the constitution only the US Government can make a currency, stop accepting chips or go to jail." And they did a few stings and there were some high profile wrist slaps (I don't think anyone actually went to jail) and the whole thing stopped. Had the Liberty Dollar folks read that bit of history they would have seen where their enterprise was headed. Relinquishing the right to create a currency was one of the pre-requisites to ratifying the Constitution [1] which took that power for the Federal government and removed it from the states and the citizenry. [1] http://www.jstor.org/pss/2124065 "You're misunderstanding the constitution and what the 'right to create currency' means." You may be correct, I have noticed a strong correlation however between how the government behaves with respect to alternative currencies and my understanding of the legalities of same. And while I also recognize that correlation is not causation, I find this sort of correlation useful in predicting whether or not my future actions would be viewed as "sanctioned" or "not sanctioned" by law enforcement authorities. No bartering is not illegal. Neither is buying, selling, and trading collectible Barbies. What is considered to be illegal (and I'm not a lawyer so I can't say definitively if it is or isn't) is creating an instrument, which represents a value (possibly fixed), and engaging in commerce using the instruments in lieu of the actual thing. So trading a Malibu Barbie for a Space Barbie, or perhaps a Barbie Dream Home would not be a 'currency' transaction, giving someone a Malibu Barbie to pay for a lunch that was nominally $25 and having the person who got that Barbie then take it and buy $25 worth of groceries, and having the grocer be able to deposit it in their bank account and get credited with $25. That would be treating it like a currency. There is a wonderful discussion on currency and what it is in the course Economics [1] offered by "The Great Courses". There is a wonderful story about an island which trades ownership interest in large rocks on another island as their currency. If you commute to work I highly recommend these courses as a way to pass the time and learn something (or at least get something to think about) while doing it. Don't be afraid of the price they regularly put things on sale for lots off. And if you have a library nearby you can sometimes check them out. [1] http://www.thegreatcourses.com/tgc/courses/course_detail.asp... update: I remember that one of the key things about the test of whether something was a currency or not, is if it could be exchanged back into another currency. Its one of the things various "points", "miles", and other systems avoid is an explicit path to turn them back into cash. Sure you can buy a $50 VISA gift card and sell it to someone for $50 but its not like you can go to the bank and turn it back into $50. Nika, none of the issuers you mention will convert back into dollars. Its a one way street. Presumably they have set up agreements with people who will accept them an they have pre-negotiated a discount rate. Its like chucky cheese tokens, you can't turn them back into quarters so that you can play more video games. An alternative explanation is that Lisp doesn't have a person with a strong vision, program management skills, a thick skin, a diplomatic way to saying no, and a big ass repository. The same argument is repeated throughout the essay, "Its not that Lisp doesn't have X, it has {X0,X1,..Xn)!" and that is the problem. Using lisp I get no or very low re-use for any code out there. Ergo I must write a lot of it myself. He recognizes it and laments: "Look more closely: Large numbers of the kind of people who become Lisp hackers would have to cooperate with each other." At the solution. But here is the rub, the qualities of the lisp user today are, in part, derived from how difficult it is to re-use code. People who could write anything they wanted enjoy the expressive power of lisp and tolerate the requirement to create from whole cloth basic things that should exist already. Now posit a world where there was the Lisp equivalent of CPAN, and an aggressive authoritarian requirement on documentation, coding standards, and unit testing. Once sufficient mass had built up in this repository, even dweebs who don't know the difference between arrows and monads could use Lisp to make something useful, and they would take on the false mantle of 'lisp hacker' and the population of lisp users would swell and there would be still more things checked in and poof a thriving 'lisp' community, except it wouldn't look at all like the current community. Good question. Early on when I was trying to create a milli-cent currency for subscription buying of content from a website we wondered if we offered a refund for our digital cash tokens if we'd get in trouble for it. As it turned out the Digi-cash folks had all the patents and were being real dicks about licensing so we never got to test the question. I can absolutely predict that if you can buy several hundred thousand dollars worth of bitcoins from person X, and then go to persons P, Q, R, ... Z and redeeem them back for cash, that the authorities will shut down that sort of thing quite quickly. If someone knows how this makes them 'more competitive' I'd be interested to hear it. According to the 'reference site' [1] "Disney Dollars DO NOT expire. The oldest bill from 1987 can still be used today. As they are worth real money. They also may be exchanged back for the U.S. Dollars or purchased using the same. They may used to pay for anything that can be normally paid for with cash including the following locations: (only Disney locations)" They are exactly like casino chips, which is to say that within the Disney properties they can be used equivalently to cash, and even converted back into cash. Given the Las Vegas experience however, I suspect that people in and around Orlando or other Disney locations, who aren't associated with Disney, should not accept them in lieu of cash. One of the parallels to remember, the Secret Service wasn't going after the casinos for their chips, they were going after people who accepted them as cash even though they had no business relationship with the casino. [1] http://disneydollars.net/where_can_disney_dollars_be_used.ht... This has been like on page one all day, what is with the duplicate? http://news.ycombinator.com/item?id=2451302 Absolutely, and a good test of the CSS Pivot stuff. When I first started at Google I there were lots of meetings and I missed a few because everyone was in quad cubes and so nobody had speakers or anything going, and my Calendar notifications (as a blinking tab in firefox) were easy to miss. To get around that I built a device that was connected to my workstation via USB (it was basically an Arduino clone) which had an LCD display and an LED and a button. When the next meeting was coming up it would display on the LCD and the LED would flash (hard to miss) and stop flashing when I pushed the button acknowledging that I had seen it. Was going to add a 'snooze' button but didn't get around to it before I left. That hack used the GDATA API and Python to pull my calendar data and send them out to the display. It would be pretty easy to implement the modified future view idea as a local script which captured that you wanted and put it into a view like this. Here is a cautionary tale for any company - Try to hire as diverse an organization as possible. At least if you try and you fail you can document that failure (like Cisco has) and folks won't hold it against you. Or you can be Google and claim that such information is a trade secret. Sigh. "Given the power of our prior beliefs to skew how we respond to new information, one thing is becoming clear: If you want someone to accept new evidence, make sure to present it to them in a context that doesn't trigger a defensive, emotional reaction." This was a fascinating read. I've snipped out what I consider the bonus quote above because I run into it so often. If someone is engaged in an issue emotionally then having a rational discussion with them becomes problematic at best. Here on HN we've seen the nuclear power and currency discussions which both clearly have an emotional component. I was a bit annoyed that the article focused a bit much on the climate discussion, clearly it is the one the author has the most emotion invested in :-) I think my views on it are pretty well known so I won't bother going into that. But that brings us to the subtext, which is that emotions interfere with reasoning. You react emotionally before you react rationally (purportedly because it made evolutionary sense to do so). On the show 'Big Bang Theory' the character Sheldon Cooper is a stereotype of a brilliant, OCD, Asberger's Syndrome scientist. That stereotype works because it seems fairly common that technologists, as a population, have a higher incidence of folks who have a difficulty emotionally interacting with other humans. It makes me wonder if this could be the mechanism by which breakthrough science and/or technology gets done. Interesting, apparently I completely failed to communicate. You should hire the best folks you can find. Period. You should do everything you can to avoid missing out on hiring excellent people who are present in groups where finding such people is harder and/or less likely. If you do both of those things, then there is never an issue with revealing how diverse your hiring is because you're trying to find the top talent regardless of protected class and you've got documentation to back that up. Personally when I went through interview/hiring training at Google I felt like they did at least said the right things about hiring, so I was disappointed that they would hide behind the 'trade secret' excuse. These are the people that overthrow repressive north African nation states they should be willing to share how they are trying to find the best folks they can. However in case b, wouldn't it allow folks to rationalize themselves as 'not as weird' as perhaps some extreme groups you mention? And then not think about applications of these findings to themselves? It seems the point of the article was that this issue is a spectrum issue and can trip up folks who may otherwise believe themselves to be approaching something scientifically but in fact have been pre-biased by their emotions on the issue. At least for me (and I do consider myself open minded) it was useful to think about the mechanism behind the 'irrational' response, which certainly could help me in influencing change in organizations where such change would be emotionally difficult. "I can't figure out what purpose he is serving by exposing only half his readers to the negative emotional reaction, while exposing the other half to the positive emotional reaction that comes from criticizing their political opponents and affirming their already held beliefs. (Unless of course the latter reaction is what he is going for.)" Perhaps he was going for people to step back and say "Hmm, I'm responding emotionally, let me compare that emotion to whether or not I think his point valid, and how my emotions influenced that thinking." Sort of a step outside your own complexes kind of thing. I've been amazed at how many pitches I've seen that were missing the 'next steps' aka "the point of this." One of the things that has always helped me is realizing that people listening to something I'm pitching are doing their job. Which is to say this is work for them too, they are here because they think spending 15 minutes or an hour listening to me will have some economic benefit for them down the road. The absolutely best thing I can do for them is to help them work better and more efficiently by helping them extract as clear an understanding as to what I have to offer in the shortest possible time so that as a group we can see which, if any , of the next steps are appropriate. I realize that sometimes I'm helping them figure out if the topic du jour is just a fad or a real trend (which won't directly help me) but by helping them I leave a good impression and an opportunity to come back. Nice writeup swombat. I'm always suspicious when I see 'in talks' sort of articles because no acquisition discussion I've ever heard of ever had a 'feel free to share this with the press' clause, and there is a real chance that by having actual talks become public, they will fail. So one wonders, is Tweetdeck leaking this to see if someone else might come to the table? Twitter to see if the market thinks its a stupid idea? Some disgruntled employee/founder who doesn't want the deal to go through? Like I said, I get suspicious. Patent-a-geddon continues. I wonder if this is an artifact of the great expiring due to start in 2015 of various silly patents. The great surge of technology patents started around 1990 and had really picked up steam by 1995 [1]. Patents, unlike Copyrights, are not 'renewable' in the sense that once their 20 year term expires they revert to the public domain by law. Further, now that folks have successfully litigated bogus Patent Marking [2] you can't use an old Patent number on your design to intimidate folks into not copying it. So while filing rates continue to be high (although as you see from the linked graph issue rates have been falling) the patent office has become better educated about what should be and what shouldn't be patentable (not perfect yet but its getting noticeably better, if only because patent examiners are entering the market who grew up in a digital age). So a side effect is that when the patent claims for issued patents expire, that's it, no more revenue. You can perfectly legally implement the RSA key exchange algorithm now (as an example) without infringing on any patents. This was speculated to be the primary reason that RSA Data Security Inc was trying to get people signed up to use their Copyrighted implementation of same, since if you licensed the copyrighted code, and then decided to stop paying them license fees and implement it yourself they couldn't sue you for patent infringement but they would want to go through your code to see that you hadn't used large parts of their software in your new design. That approach was unavailable if you hadn't been given access to their source code. So starting in 2010, and accelerating until 2020 all of those patents that were issued between 1990 and 2000 will revert to being public domain. It is one of the reasons I predict a tech boom in 2015 - 2025 :-). I did not anticipate however that prior to their death that these companies would go all out in try to extract some, possibly any, value from them by suing the pants off everyone. I don't know , but I suspect that this is at least partly responsible for the current fracas. [1] http://www.wolframalpha.com/input/?i=patents+us [2] http://blogs.forbes.com/docket/2010/09/02/patent-marking-law... I like the anon comment that they should not re-invent the wheel so much. That gave me a chuckle, I'll just use my off the shelf distributed web app deployment software that runs on thousands of machines ... oh snap! I really enjoyed the discussion about "Trade Dress" as protected IP, that was something I had vague notions about and now have less vague notions about (the story about how the Coke bottle shape is protected was new to me) I also find it somewhat amusing to compare the 'Apple in the dead pool' under Scully vs the current Apple. Few companies have made such epic reversals in their fortunes. Heh, not exactly deep or profound, but accurate. The article of course was going for the meta-point of how the target market for a startup can influence its success. It wasn't clear if teams had a harder time executing against requirements for customers that were not like themselves or not. (Groupon is cited as a successful company that targeted customers who were not like groupon employees). The actual situation is so much more deeply nuanced than just that, that I can understand the simplification above of 'either they succeed or they don't' Background [1] its the "Achmed the dead terrorist" which was a near meme a while ago. [1] http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=1uwOL4rB-go I missed the first 3 or 4 minutes of Avatar because I was playing with the glasses and a laser pen pointer :-) On one level I agree with you that this seems, at least initially, as tidy bit of theoretical physics. Most people 'get' that light is an electromagnetic wave, and of course Maxwell tied the two together quite elegantly. The clever bits will be these two: 1) Is there a material, either natural or 'meta' in which the structure can convert a fraction of the light passing through it into a magnetic field. If so, and the light is modulated, you can induce a current in a conductor. Could be useful, could be a parlor trick. 2) Can you run it backwards? Which is to say if you generate a magnetic field of the proper type and orientation in the presence of such a material, can you convert the magnetic field into light? If so what frequency? What coherence? Does this paper provide the foundation for a LAAMR (Light Amplification by Amplified Magnetic Resonance) (no, its not a pun on 'lamer' :-) I expect if you can create the latter you could probably get a Nobel prize (or at least share it). Am I the only one who enjoys finding out we're wrong about some long held scientific beliefs (in this case the magnetic influence of light) Interesting idea, although I actually like just injecting noise (add say 500nm to all of the co-ordinates or some such) which would basically corrupt the database that this was being injected into. On a more interesting note if you put '); droptable; into your file could you delete the receiving database? A whole new vector for SQL injection hacks I suspect. Hmm, I also think you need a new name. 'Showoff' says exactly what it does, lets you 'showoff' your work. What's a pagekite? (reminds of the 'mint' vs that unpronouncablely named finance site naming issue). I'm an ops guy, lets say I want to give access to my next generation product to a usability lab for feedback. Can you imagine what that whole experience would feel like? I'll want some reporting of when the site was used and what was done. I'll want full cookie transparency so that the user experience will be 'real' but not require the developers to do anything special to get there. I'll want to know that I can turn it off pretty much instantly if I think there is a problem. That is perhaps a product that is orthogonal to the 'put a demo page up' kind of thing though. HerraBRE you need to internalize this: "Some you get by collecting your own server logs, ..." When I say 'internalize' I mean you need to shift your perspective mentally from 'techie' to 'customer.' Anything you can do for the customer, by default, you should do for the customer. A successful product starts "click here", "use now". Leave the 'collect your own logs' as a thing you can do if you want to, but not you have to. And don't get hung up on this exact feature request, it is a mindset for every single feature . You have no less than 10 comments in this single submission, and in seven of them you are explaining why someone who is a potential customer is wrong about what they are asking for. That is a pretty strong signal, and one you ignore at your peril. Ok, here is a concrete example of a communication style that I'm talking about. I wrote: "Hmm, I also think you need a new name. 'Showoff' says exactly what it does, lets you 'showoff' your work. What's a pagekite? (reminds of the 'mint' vs that unpronouncablely named finance site naming issue)." That is feedback from a potential customer that I, as the customer, don't get any sense of what your product is about from the name. I cite by inference a great postmortem written up about the 'Mint' startup, and had you searched for 'mint postmortem' you could have come up with the link [1] below. The alternative to Mint was a website called Wesabe. Both Mint and Wesabe did personal finance, Wesabe was in some ways technically 'superior' to Mint and yet Mint "won." So you have this bit of feedback on how the name you've chosen isn't helping your product get any visibility and you respond like this: "Regarding the name, I actually think PageKite is an excellent name and we are lucky to have it. It's googlable, we got the .com for cheap, it's a strong trademark. If I draw you a picture of your site flying like a kite in the clouds, connected by a string to your laptop, you'll find the name is a perfect fit... :-)" You tell me, your potential customer, that I am wrong in thinking your name doesn't tell me what I need to know about your site. And you go on to tell me how all it would take would be some graphic, which you don't have time to draw right now, of a kite made out of a web page flying in some clouds attached to your laptop to make it obvious. Your name is a 'visual pun' which you no doubt find exceptionally clever, you know "in the cloud", "easy as flying a kite". Except that nobody types into a search engine "How can I make my web site look like a kite?" but they just might type in "How can I show off my web site?" Search engines are stupid, they will give lots of positive ranking love to the word 'showoff' is in the URL to showoff.io and zero ranking love to a site named 'pagekite'. You added "we got the .com for cheap" which should be a clue. If you read the Mint postmortem Kagan says, "The site was originally called mymint.com. I was initially against buying Mint.com but Aaron / Anton spent months acquiring the domain. This may seem inconsequential, but would you feel more comfortable entering your bank details on Wesabe.com or Mint.com?" Do you see the difference in thinking there? One person thinking 'well we already have the domain, so we'll go with that' and the other saying "I'm going to ask my customer to come to this site, what would they be more comfortable with?" When I look back at your responses in this thread it is clear you are passionate about this project of yours and that is great. There have been a number of comments offering you feedback on both your product and your presentation. In nearly every case your response to that feedback is a combination of "thank you for sharing, this is what you (the commenter) missed about that particular feature and why ours is better." When you responded as you did about the name I just thought to myself, "Here is a brilliant guy who is going to be frustrated at how little traction his project gets until he can move himself mentally to a place where he can internalize the feedback and act on it." Its only an observation, I probably should have kept it to myself, and I have no doubt created more problems than good at this point. I'll go back to reading now. [1] http://okdork.com/2010/10/14/how-mint-beat-wesabe/ Hmm, "bitched at you" has the ring of feeling persecuted because you didn't jump up all dreamy eyed at the latest buzz word trend. Occupational hazard I suspect. If someone says to you "We need to improve the efficiency of our IT by adopting a cloud based strategy." Rather than ask them the 'meta' question of what sort of reliability guarantees they have, have an actual and honest talk about what IT costs and why. And perhaps they will relax their uptime requirement which will let you reduce your costs, or they will come to understand what the costs are for the level of uptime you're providing. Annual reviews of those questions (how much downtime can we tolerate, how much are we paying to achieve our current availability?) should be de rigueur. "The cloud is not for all businesses." Of course it isn't. However it can (and does) run some businesses more efficiently. And while Quora might be down for a day while folks at Amazon scramble to fix what ever it is they did that brought it down, their "business" won't change all that much. There will be no mass exodus of users because they could get their questions answered for one day. Now if you take someone's email away for a day, that is real money, or if you take away their ability to connect to the Internet period. For something like icanhazcheeseburger even two 9s is probably good enough. That would be offline for 3.6 days of the year. I too thought it would be a parody site of enter your salary and then some Javascript would add 25% to it and add a 4x of it as a 'retention' bonus package of shares. :-) But I also had to upvote this "its not a zero sum game" aspect of this comment. Just like two 7-11's diagonally across from each other at a busy intersection can (or a circle-K across from a 7-11 etc) can make money there is a huge amount of squish around what constitutes a 'saturated' coupon market. Google could win just by virtue of the fact that they integrate better with their own properties. That is why I felt Groupon turning down their $6B bid was not particularly wise. We'll see of course, its clear this process is going to complete the full cycle. One would hope at some point a tool would warn you about this since clearly it could optimize (int) Math.random() to just 0. [queue debate about tools that hold your hands vs understanding what you are actually writing] I wonder if they did the search for if (x = y) bug pre-gcc-4.x-warn what sort of numbers they would get. Those are great questions. Similar questions I've asked during funding and M&A interviews; What do you not yet know, how are you developing information about that? This is knowing what is risky and what isn't. Some problems are just 'engineering' you do work and get them done. Others need 'new physics' which is code for an imagined but not yet designed feature or capability to work. Too many of the latter can be a real problem. How many people do you think you'll need to realize this vision? How many to keep it current? One of the more sad failure modes of startups is over hiring. More people can be good, too many people is really bad, understanding what the people requirement is can bite you if you don't get it right. How will customers find you? What does it cost you to be visible to them? Customer acquisition, especially in a demographic that doesn't congregate (small/medium business fits this category) can be unduly expensive. If you have a product that would sell like gang busters at $X but it costs $X + $Y dollars to get a customer, you need to fund to n customers such that the $Y starts going down via word of mouth or other coverage. Stack rank your feature set in 'lifeboat' order, explain how you got that order. You should have more features imagined or lined up than you can deliver, that gives you follow on. But you also need to know what is the minimum set for a viable product. Understanding how you get to that minimum set says a lot about your priorities, your sense of the customer, and your reasoning about the business. "When things start to go wrong, your automatic recovery code will increase the load on your system, and commonly lead you into a spiral of death." Here is a Battlebots story; When I was competing we would see new teams in the pit area at the beginning of the competition (there were 3 days of preliminaries) that had really nice looking bots. I'd ask them, "So, have you run it full speed into a concrete wall?" And they would either say "Yeah, wow it was amazing ... " and tell some story of mayhem, or "No." (sometimes with a prognostication of confidence in their design skills or their simulations). Teams that said "No" never made it out of the preliminaries. Not once in my experience. That story underpins a fundamental truth in systems analysis, "Beat it until it fails before you depend on it." This is something that Google does really really well by the way, I've watched them turn of 25 core routers simultaneously carrying hundreds of gigabits worth of data, just to verify that what they think will happen, does happen. You learn not only what breaks, but if you go through the fire drill of bringing it back online, and you take copious notes when people say "Dammit! I need to do 'x' and I can't." your ability to respond will improve. For very large systems, this can sometimes be the only way to develop this information. Amazon has clearly had an event of extraordinary magnitude in their data centers. They've no doubt discovered all sorts of tools that they could use to recover more quickly. I would love it if someone from there would post a complete post mortem, but my expectations are low (there is a lot of proprietary benefit in knowing some of this stuff). Anyone remember Googlezon ? That EPIC2014 project which was talking about how the world was going to be taken over by a merger of Google and Amazon. When I joined Google in 2006 there was joke about putting into the new hire orientation that you didn't need to forward the video to the misc list :-) That didn't mention Facebook at all, most people thought MySpace was going to dominate social. Anyway, ... People who had been around computers and networking have known since their first (or maybe second) class on data structures that structured data was computation. The last node in an LRU list is , because of the structure, computed to be the oldest node in the list. One of the really cool things about Python was list comprehensions is "foo" in bar? So its sort of a yawn when we see that you can infer a traffic jam by the smart phones sending in position data periodically, or that the movie 'companion' suggestions from Amazon are all from genres you've previously purchased. But its just dawning on a lot of folks. This blogger thinks Facebook is AOL because they have grown rapidly and have a valuation they don't understand and a number of page views that made their AdSense ID salivate. They equate AOL's walled garden to a castle. They draw a parallel between Facebook's other properties and the kind of walled garden that AOL once supported. And yet they miss evidence that Facebook isn't a service that people use, it is people instantiating themselves in what is most like a network directory service. Humans as nodes in a n-tree of relationships and desires (likes) and even dislikes. Peter Warden's original "who your friends are hack" illustrated so clearly, you don't have to 'guess' you can know truths by looking at the data structure that is Facebook. This is not something AOL even imagined. That is a masterfully done video. I was surprised they showed the roof of a data center using Google maps so I went to see if I could find one of the more 'current' ones. [1]. This one is pretty easy to spot from the air, and conveniently Google's page has a push pin where the data center should be. But if you go there in maps ... Not too surprisingly, its been elided from the satellite imagery. Or perhaps more likely the imagery that shows the constructed data center isn't included for that particular geo-coordinate, showing instead the pre-datacenter view :-). The large building you can see [2] is Homeshield window and door. Note: If it had not been 'erased' you would easily have picked it out from the cooling towers which are shown at various times in the video and a common thing around data centers. [1] http://www.google.com/datacenter/thedalles/index.html [2] http://goo.gl/maps/FsOE (map link) If you play World of Warcraft this is a solid Auction House technique. I find it humorous to see it applied to the 'real' world (not that WoW economics aren't just as 'real'). The ability to push the price down gives informed actors some pricing control on the market, and the subtext is that it allows for folks to push around pricing to understand the elasticity for any product. Now if you can get them to buy a 'put' of your product :-) None. That was one of the things I found so humorous about Google's data center secrecy. It goes beyond reason. And because they are so extreme as to actually take the time to filter their data centers out of their own satellite imagery, I was curious why the were putting out a video on them. After watching the video, and realizing it was the visual equivalent of the famous feedback line "No one would be better for this job than Bob!" I literally laughed out loud. So I don't know if it was in response to Facebook's stuff or not, but its interesting to see that aspect of the company being pressured. (Its not like data centers are sexy or anything outside of the operations world) It has been interesting to see the evolution of rent-seeking behavior. Some of the downsides are becoming more apparent (poor adoption rates for less obvious ideas). The MPEGLA site has this caveat " Up to and through date of last patent expiration " and I'm wondering if anyone knows that date? I couldn't find the definitive list of patents in the license product on any of the 'open' pages. This article is twice on the front page, note to pg it would be nice to have a 'merge' refs capability. "Building things this way strikes me as expensive." That is a qualitative statement. It implies a value proposition in your head between engineering effort involved in doing CM style disaster prep vs product benefit. Operationally, not doing some level of CM is like paying for operations with "Lottery Checks". A Lottery check has a payee and a nominal amount but where the amount is actually printed, there is a scratch off box. Sometimes when you scratch it off its for a lot more money than you intended to spend :-). But it is very hard to talk rationally about "we're spending two engineers here to do nothing but try to randomly break the system and get bugs fixed that would cover for that problem." Because the problem is self inflicted it seems like a waste of money, and there is no guarantee that they will have found and fixed the problem which is going to kill you in the future. However, if you run an experiment enough times, you eventually achieve the solution. Think of it as the Monte Carlo method of systems test. Its a good thing and it helps people sleep at night. And when the world does go pear shaped like it did with AWS here you may find yourself yawning rather than panicking, and that feels very good indeed. I believe the insight the author was after here was not a general comparison of Japan to China, rather that China's "growth" has a component to it which is artificial. That artificial growth comes from reporting GDP on building things that nobody uses (like Cities). Conversely, like a large private corporation which doesn't have to reveal costs in any general accounting rules kind of way, China has the ability to create a view of their economy which is 'untrue.' So put another way, the author posits that in a market economy the creation of a new city would be done by actors who were themselves creating more economic output as a result of productivity gains from having city infrastructure. Thus economists see new building as a leading indicator of economic growth. However if you simply spend a billion dollars to build a high rise office tower without any tenants or even a prospect of leasing it out, the 'leading indicator' aspect of that data point is completely wrong. The building will sit there empty, generating no economic growth whatsoever. There are hints that China is manipulating its figures in just that way. The bigger challenge for China is that in the eastern part of the country the standard of living is growing much more rapidly than it is for people living in the western half of the country. The last time that happened Mao Tse Tung used it to his advantage to overthrow the incumbent government. I give her full marks for posing the question but only about half credit for follow-up. The question is solid, it suggests a variety of experiments; o Put 'coupons' of $20 value on some of the desks. o Put 'jewelry' of $20 (approx) value on some of the desks o Put a 'Logo' shirt on some desks (Logo from the 'presenting' company) o Put a 'Logo' clothing where the logo is different on each article and for different designers. o Put a 'knicknack' (thing SWAG like) on each desk. Do the experiments with boys and with girls. Ideally all college students, and preferably sophomores (since as freshmen their cultural values have not fused as much as they have by the time they are sophomores) Three things you want to test: 1) Does 'ownership' change behavior? 2) Does 'commercial promotion' (coupons/logos) change it into something you are expected to take. 3) Does perceived value permute the results. And of course the whole girl/guy thing. In my experience I've met people for whom money was a goal (it was the having they desired most) and some for whom money was a tool (do I have enough to make x happen?). A smaller number for whom money was a means of influence. An enjoyable post. I would add a couple of data points to the mix. Getting a gigabit link with a competent IP-transit provider will be on the order of 3 - 5K$/month. Thats 1000mbits 24/7 not limited by how many bytes you push through it. A switch and router for your rack stacks will be on the order of $15K (that's a couple of 48 port GbE switches and a Cisco router (or equivalent)) You really need to understand the depreciation costs. As your equipment ages you will need to replace it (if only to keep on supported platforms). $100K + $30K for servers + $15K for networking gear is $145K of gear. If you squeeze all you can out of it and only replace it in 5 years then you can do a 5 year straight line depreciation so add about $30K/year to your costs for depreciating the old gear. On the storage array, if you want 10TB of raid protected storage with the MD1220 you need 24 600GB SAS drives [1] which comes in at $23K each (not $12K)(oh an you have two of those and you again have $10K/yr depreciation). Oh and you probably want a service contract, something like onsite in 4 hrs or if you're a bit more laid back in 24hrs. That will add another $150K/year ( but I'm sure that you can get the sales guy to knock off a bunch as its probably a list price vs 'what i can get it for' kind of deal) Another real world bit that will bite you is that while you can "fit" all this gear in a 40U rack you can't put enough power into that rack at a Colo facility to run it. The servers are 750W machines, so lets say you put a 120V/30A circuits into your rack, you can really only draw about 25A before people complain so you have about 3KW/circuit available. A 'normal' colo facility will offer you 2 per rack. So with 750W servers you can run 8 machines per rack. You'll probably not run them that hard and can get away with maybe 12 per rack. But with 54 totals servers that is going to be 5 racks minimum and maybe 6. (remember your switch and router will take power too). Either way you're looking at 24 - 30 'circuits' for this space and those are probably about $500/month each so another $12-15K/month in 'power+cooling' charge. You pretty much have to add in either the cost of a tech or half the cost of one of your operations employees to run this setup. Ideally you have two people at half time so that you can structure vacations for them. So put it down as one full time sysadmin and one full time tech, implemented as anywhere between 2 and 4 people. Don't forget to include the cost of their office space, their health plans, and their laptops :-). Did you include travel time and travel expense? So most things can be 'lights out' but many exceptions to that rule exist. If you can drive to the data center from home then you're better off than if you have to fly there and check into a motel. All that being said, its an important exercise to run through and figure out the costs since it is your own money that you are spending. And AWS does get some economies from being able to fractionalize things like sysadmin resources. [1] http://configure.us.dell.com/dellstore/config.aspx?oc=bvcwmk... Thanks for the link. Now I just need to grep the international patent databases for issue dates, add the jurisdictional expiration date, and voila. I wish the MPEG LA folks would do that in their documents. This isn't 'pun' news. I encourage you to write your Congressional representative and rather than exhort NASA to go to the moon, make it easy for private enterprises to launch vehicles into space. Export permits? Import permits? I listened to a talk on Falcon9 at Google where the presenter went into a small bit of the paperwork that was needed to fly their rockets. Here was an interesting point. If you were crazy enough to ride in a Dragon capsule on its first trip, signed a waiver that basically said "I hold everyone harmless for this crazy act I undertake" and something went wrong and you died, they could be charged with man slaughter at a minimum and murder at worst. So write your representative and suggest that they change the rules to 'will license' from 'may license'. That simple change means that if a company meets the published requirements for a space going vessel the FAA is then required by law to issue them a license to fly it. Combine that with a durable and quick issue resolution process (where once an issue is resolved it stays resolved) and people like Elon Musk can be much more aggressive about moving these programs forward. "Thanks, It was helpful information. As said before IANAL." Not only are you not a lawyer, but you are also struggling with some basic concepts regarding the implementation of laws. Laws, implemented as statutes, have no association with, or bearing on, morals which are purely a cultural phenomena. I understand that you disagree with how Dropbox went about protecting themselves from civil liability, however the violated no laws by their actions. " ... a symptom of the unsound economic decisions being made by the authorities in China." I would caution you to be careful about how you define 'soundness'. If China is doing these things, then it would be unsound to apply modelling weights to those events that were similar to the weights you would apply in a free market. Whereas the appropriateness, or inappropriateness, of the actions the Chinese government has taken with respect to its economy can only be evaluated in terms of the goals of the government with respect to its economy. If the goal is full unemployment as a means of satisfying citizens desire to work, spending GDP on works projects can certainly achieve that goal. It would be unsound on the other hand to sit on the capital and allow unrest to foment in the general population. Economics is simply about the allocation of resources, it doesn't really judge those decisions until you have all of the decisions, the goals, and the results. For example, many argued that it was 'unsound' to for the Federal Government to create TARP at the time it was created. However, the US economy has bumped and creaked but it has kept operating which was the goal. So now a couple of years past the decision, and knowing the goal, and evaluating the result, the decisions seem if not sound at least reasonable. Presumably the Chinese have studied the Soviet handling of the economy and won't make the exact same mistakes they did. One notable difference is that the Soviet economy had a tremendous difficulty making competitive products for export on the world market, that does not seem to be the case for China so far. I wasn't conflating society and culture. American society, the group of people who are citizens of the United States of America, is a superset of the Christian culture. Christian culture defines a moral code by which they measure themselves. That culture is present in many societies and can influence (or not) the societal debate on governance (witness the current California constitutional ban on Gay Marriage as an example). That leads to people who are culturally opposed to laws enacted by the society in which they happen to live. Laws are enacted by the constituents of a nation-state as a means of defining roles, rights, and remedies. The process by which they are proposed, debated, and enacted is internally consistent but varies between governing bodies. It sounds like you share a common mis-perception about what exactly depreciation means. Your statement "Depreciation isn't further payment due,..." is correct but this part "...it's an asset write-off" misses the point. Assets have "lifetimes", which is to say that if you are using something in your business venture, it will eventually be "used up." In the case of computers they don't generally break but historically they get faster and can do more for the same amount of power approximately, historically doubling in performance every 18 months or so but now more like every 30 months or so. When an asset is "used up" you are going to have to replace it to keep your business running. So you're going to 'buy it again'. Consider an alternate strategy, lets say there was a company that had a credit card that charged no interest and had a 60 month (5yr) payment plan (kind of like some car deals I guess). If the payment is 1/60th of the price of the gear each month, then that is clearly a bill that we pay every month. Now at the end of 5 years we "own" our equipment outright, except its 5 years old. Do you remember what was 'hot' in the PC business in 2006? Sure you do, go to blekko.com and type 'site:pcworld.com /date=2006' and one of the results is "Hot technology in 2006" [1]. Looks like 750G drives, and "the fastest desktop chips we've ever tested, the Intel Core 2 Duo." So if you had bought gear in 2006 you would probably have machines based on the Core 2 Duo architecture which is pig dog slow compared to a decent i5 or i7 motherboard today. Guess what? You need to buy new machines to stay competitive. (or as this is a web enterprise at least 'add' machines to stay competitive). Depreciation is a way of capturing a "future" expense in today's revenues. If you are profitable, even after including your depreciation costs, then you should be 'banking' those costs so that in five years when your gear needs to be replaced or added too, you've got the capital you need to do that. If on the other hand you aren't profitable when you include depreciation (a state known as being 'under capitalized') when the time comes to replace your gear you won't have the money (capital) to do that, and you will either have to raise money, go into debt, or fade into obscurity with increasingly out of date gear. The bottom line is that rather than being "an accounting trick," including depreciation in your cost structure helps you understand the total cost of owning, and operating, a bunch of gear which is powering your business. [1] http://www.pcworld.com/article/128176/the_20_most_innovative... See my response to your response :-) Ok so I'm going to go all contrarian here and provide counter points. 1. You love it but you aren't great at it. So she took a guy who was really enjoying his writing but wasn't as good as other writers. She steers him into a different job as a career so now he can work 9-5 at a job he doesn't like so he can retire and get back to his first love writing (Ok so I'm projecting he would still be writing if it was his choice). If he really loved writing, then he no doubt continues to write to this day. One of the ways that doing what you love can trip you up is when your passion is not internal but external. Perhaps the guy Scott didn't really love writing, he loved the idea of 'being a writer'. That is an externally imposed passion. If you love something so much that you do it whether or not people are paying you to do it, then you are passionate about the action. If doing what you do for work has no appeal to you outside of your workplace then its probably not 'love.' 2) Your skilled at your passion but hate the work that surrounds it. Here she uses a graphic designer who loves to design but quits her job to run a graphic design business. Then she finds she hates running the business. Doh! Those are two different jobs, running the business vs doing the graphic design. Now if the graphic designer knew someone who loved to run a business but didn't care much for the actual graphic design work, poof, match made in heaven. I've watched engineers who loved to code crash and burn when they wanted "to do more leadership" kinds of things. Its a different job, it has a different reward/influence structure, and its not at all like being able to code faster. For them, going back to coding returned them to balance and a much better level of happiness overall. 3. Your too emotionally attached Her example here is completely flawed, her 'failure' is a woman who wanted to help kids from N. Korea get adopted but instead is credited with cleaning up a polluted river. Ok, for one it wasn't clear if what Marion Stoddart loved helping people or loved helping kids in need of adoption. It certainly sounded like it was more of the former, just her first notion at a way she could help was adoption. Her second example is that writers who get too close to their work never improve. But that is a false dichotomy, improve by what standard? And what is too close? Sure you can have personality traits that make it more difficult to make money at what you love but it doesn't change the fundamentals. 4. No one will pay for it. She completely shows her true colors with this one. If doing what you love is 'about the money' then you are doing it wrong. It is absolutely true that in order to survive you will need either an income stream or an ability to successfully barter for your basic food, clothing, and shelter needs. That being said, I have yet to hear of a single thing that people 'love' to do for which there isn't some way to earn enough to keep you fed and housed and clothed. (One of the high school students I was mentoring piped up at this point in my conversation 'I love to smoke pot.' I had to take a moment to point out that, while it was clear they really enjoyed it, that instant gratification was more akin to lust than love in this particular case :-) I think the author is saying "If you are normal like me you love money like I do and so if what you are doing can't get you as much money as you could get doing something else you are stupid." And sadly a lot of people hold that particular statement to be true. Those same people can sometimes get very depressed around middle age, the halfway point in life expectancy, where they see 'the other half' of their life which is left and so far they have yet to have enjoy significantly the 'first half' and there is no 'third half.' Contrast that to people who have spent the first half of their life underpaid but loving what they were doing for most (if not all) of their days. If you imagine yourself, lying in a bed, slowly dying for whatever reason, what is more comfort to you? Your memories of doing the things you love or knowing you've got a huge bank balance? Growing up in Las Vegas I developed an unusual relationship with money. All around me people some days had "lots" of money and some days had "none." One of the girls in my high school's father was a professional poker player. He bought her a Cadillac when she turned 16, but couldn't afford the cost of running the air conditioning one summer. So I have always viewed money kind of like gasoline, in the sense that if you have enough you can drive a car from point A to point B, but if you have less perhaps you need to drive a motorcycle instead, and if you have none at all then its going to take a bicycle or walking to get there. It changed the flavor and the planning of the journey but it has never changed the destination. Summary: 1) It's not about money, its about loving what you do. 2) It's about the doing not the idea of someone who does. 3) When you're dying, whether by age or by a drunk driver's hand, you will be better off if you can look back on your life with fondness rather than feeling cheated that you had not yet gotten around to doing what you really wanted to do. Netflix streaming has certainly replaced my "lets see whats on to kill an hour" on TV moments. So in that regard I think they completely win there. Now whether or not they will generate the kind of cash a production company expects for original content (initial episode price, franchising price, dvd revenues, streaming (or broadcasting) revenues. Remains to be seen. [TL;DR version] If you love what you are doing, it is really hard to pivot when it is unsuccessful. It may be non-obvious but I think your statement captures the trap perfectly. How did you define success? If you use an internally defined success to be "I'm doing what I love" then it becomes tautologically impossible not to succeed :-). If you define it as "supports a particular lifestyle I associate with 'successful' people" then you run the risk giving up on your own happiness to chase an externally defined goal. Many people do this, its why the phrase 'keeping up with the Joneses' is easy to understand. When you talk about how your love of doing something is 'hurting your career' what you are saying is that you won't make as much money as you might otherwise make if you continue doing what you love. Ask yourself if you are OK with that. My thesis is that when you start doing things for their earning potential rather than your personal desire to do them, you run the risk of having a bank full of cash and a bunch of sour memories of the last n years of your life. Worse still, if life throws you a curve ball at the very moment in your life, all the cash in the bank may not be able to get you back to doing what you love. Ever. Its not easy either, it may sound like a bunch of platitudes and aphorisms but understanding what makes you personally happy, distinct from the influences which have tried to define happiness for you throughout your entire life, is a challenging task to take on. For me its the single biggest reason to try new things as you just may find something you love to do that you never realized was so fulfilling before. Its a cautionary tale. One to take to heart as well. It was an interesting exercise to watch from inside the 'plex as Jaiku moved from startup -> acquisition -> dead pool. I think to be fair it seemed that internally at Google there was a lot of angst as well but given the comparison with Twitter, then and now. "We are the Google. Turn over your founder's stock and surrender your engineers. We will add your features and technological distinctiveness to our own. Your culture will adapted to service us. Resistance is futile." :-) I don't find this surprising. "Piracy" is the expression of a market that is unserved, which is to say that a product is offered at price X, the consumers price is Y which is The MPAA and RIAA and a bounty of plaintiff lawyers are trying to increase the cost of the risk, and people like Netflix are getting the price paid by the consumer below X. When the inequality ceases to hold, people switch into being paying customers. "Actually, I dont buy this due to the fact that piracy is largly around fresh content, where netflix movie library is fairly old." Do you have a citation for this? All of the places where people put numbers to piracy that I've seen (like the lawsuits against various anonymous folks) seem to span a whole range of content from older stuff to newer stuff. I'm not surprised by this. One of the things about the non-bubble bubble is that its driven by 'qualified' investors who, in theory, are better able to evaluate such deals on their own. That FB has apparently reached an equilibrium somewhere shy of 50% of Google's valuation is a good thing for reigning in speculation. But as a company that has seen a lot of second market type of motion, I have to wonder if this makes an IPO a real non-deal. Perhaps Facebook might simply shift from private to public without offering any (or only a token amount) of equity since they will already have a big chunk of equity in the hands of non-insider investors. I agree with the quote that says the company is already priced for perfect execution, if you buy in now its hard to believe your return would out perform the market. Note to mike: "The easiest way for me to handle this is to be up front about all of these investments and disclose it in posts, which I’ve done and will continue to do. " Actually it would be better to pick one, investor or journalist, and quit the other one. This I could see, there is an interesting phenomena that happens when you have your entire music collection on your portable device where suddenly you have lots of stuff to listen to without going to new sources. I know I'm personally stuck in the 70's :-) but sites like Pandora help expose me to artists I wouldn't listen to on a whim. This seeding effect was once the property of radio stations but more and more often I don't listen to the radio. If a similar effect occurs in video then I would guess there is a market opportunity for a video 'exposure' service ala Pandora for video customers. I wonder if any of the new streaming players are looking at that angle. Its the whole serving two masters kind of thing. It rarely works out well. I completely understand Mike's desire to keep on in a role (blogger/pundit) which gives him a lot of satisfaction, and his alternate desire to actually be a mover and shaker rather than a reporter on same, however he should take the clue from some of the small things he's run into (admitting or not admitting he is an investor to a fellow blogger etc) are only going to get worse. The low point of that road has him losing all credibility as a blogger (since people will accuse him of favoritism based on his investments) and as an investor (as founders discover that his opinions and or presence cause other groups to shun them). $29K here, $100K there, isn't a huge deal but when one of those pops and suddenly the paper value of his holding is $10M and what he says can materially change that, then he has to shut up or defend himself in court. The subtext of my suggestion was that he may not recognize just how deep the hole goes, nor how easily he can slip into it. Doesn't matter to me of course. I've seen death by conflict of interest and it isn't something I'd wish on anyone. And I recognize it's really really hard sometimes to step away from something you are pretty sure you can pull off. And I'm a huge fan of people who are willing to risk everything for something they truly believe. But you have to take a cold hard look at the downside and be OK with that outcome. Time will tell. Fair enough, so in context your piracy is all about fresh content :-) I try to be strictly legit in my digital content. The areas where I skate the line would be when I use the photocopier at the library to make a copy of a paper from a journal which I'm unwilling to pay $50 for a reprint for but I want a copy in my files. That being said, there is money being left on the table. If the reprints were $1 I would definitely buy them, if they were $5 I would still buy the ones I felt were seminal. Just another example of price elasticity in the digital economy. In my research on this topic most studies posit a more uniform distribution. Some specifically call out first sale doctrine issues like reselling last years version of AutoCAD on ebay. Perhaps our different understandings may be that I'm not thinking specifically of movies. I get the feeling that we are only in the beginning stages of this change. Both customers (in this case law enforcement but I'm sure there will be others) and vendors (like Tom Tom) are under economic pressure and willing to try alternatives outside the 'usual practices.' That creates a sort of 'invention energy' (I know, a pretty squishy term) which enables disruption. For a while I've noticed that sheer inertia keeps a lot of things in place. Back at Sun I designed a replacement for the YP service called NIS+, and because it was more secure and could do more things, as a young engineer I figured "Folks will dump YP faster and jump on!" But customer after customer I talked to would say "Well we haven't had exactly those problems with YP, it works for us how does this new system connect with that system?" The answer was it connected poorly, I really had a hard time believing anyone would want to continue using YP and so didn't spend a lot of time on thinking about backward compatibility (beyond moving data over). What I had learned was that system administrators (my customers) were a cautious group. They don't change if they don't have to, and while they may sample new things if they can do so without disruption, their high order bit was 'hold the course.' Later as networks got bigger and some of the features that NIS+ provided were impossible to do any other way, adoption began to rise. Eventually lots of networks were run using it (this was after I had left Sun, the product that was widely adopted was the work of the NIS+ team, not me) I had discovered for myself a way to internalize what a lot of people call the 'Value Proposition', which is the value the customer will experience by adopting the product. This is a pair of terms, one is pain and one is features. So you 'win' by reducing pain-points (sometimes you can have the exact same feature set and less pain to win), and you can 'win' by adding new features. These are the fundamental components of 'invention energy.' As various things develop technological capabilities, those capabilities can be combined into a wide range of possible 'features'. As various customers develop pain (either through economic changes, or requirement changes, or environment changes) their willingness to step away from doing things the same way they always have also increases. Today we have organizations that are charged with maintaining the safety of large populations of individuals, which are constrained by budgets which constrains their manpower and other assets. We also have a huge explosion in personal connectivity, social graphing, and location based services. A lot of pain, and a lot of possible technologic feature combinations. That creates a lot of invention energy around using this data in marketable ways. Tom Tom finds someone willing to buy their data about who is driving around when (which no doubt they collected so they could better predict traffic patterns). The customer in this case wants to know where folks are speeding so they can install enforcement devices to mitigate that. Apple collects data so that they can provide faster location fixes, but also develops an asset which can tell competitive phone companies where customers congregate. Bottom line is I think we will see a lot of more of this kind of thing as the whole privacy issue plays out. I'm always amazed at how people try to work the laws. This guy tried something I have always wondered about, he sends an email that says "if you respond to this you agree to be bound by the following contract..." Which he has actually litigated! Which is what makes it interesting from an HN perspective. Not to mention the clear way Eric explains what it takes to engage someone in a contract. Hmm, underwhelmed to be sure. The blog article would be better if it wasn't 100% whine. Linking the original [1] would have been better HN material. Nobody told the founders at Modista to file a patent on their work? There's $2500 bucks that would have been well spent. They could have simultaneously achieved patent protection and a re-examination of Like.com's patent. Since Like's would come up as an office action, they would turn around and send all the prior art that shows why their idea isn't like that patent but that even that Like's patent didn't have any original ideas, which internally could have started other wheels rolling. Like it or not, you have to file patents for things that you are doing that are cool. This does two things for you, one it brings out people who might have applied for or done something similar, and two it gives you a way to prevent other people from jumping into your space. The Like.com guys did that, the Modista folks did not. [1] http://k9ventures.com/blog/2011/04/27/modista/ Sigh. How about this idea, we create device that can send digital data by modulating and demodulating sounds which can be sent from one computer to another. Then we'll invent a store and forward protocol where you could type in a message on a local computer, and that message would then move between you and its recipient through a series of jumps we will call "hops." [you know, like its hopping from computer to computer]. You could send a message from anywhere to anywhere else just by putting in the places it had to go between here and there. We could even create a system where by we can create a category or subject area and messages can be sent to everyone who wants to read them on those messages. The coolest thing is that because its just computer to computer there is no evil mastermind in the middle pulling the strings and we'll have the source code to everything so that anyone can become part of the network. It will be a network for the users and we'll call it User Network, no that doesn't sound quite right, I've got it Usenet . Silly history lesson aside, connections aren't "free" and the people who pay the bills set the rules, if you don't like the rules pay for your own network. You can argue the prices are fixed or too high. Fine. You can get a USB Softradio and the Gnu Radio stack and create your own white space wireless. But moaning about the fact that no one is willing to give you "the nice one" free access to their network becasue they can't also prevent "the bad one" from getting access is a phenomenal waste of time. We can probably have 'free' wireless for anyone as long as everyone got their own IP address. There is a proposal floating around where the US Government would install wired and wireless networks everywhere like the interstate highway system, and then individuals would apply for their own block of IP:V6 address space. In that world everything you owned would then 'DHCP' off your personal address space. And every packet you sent would be tracable right back to you. Last I heard both the MPAA and RIAA thought this was a great idea of tax payer funded network so that everyone, rich or poor, had equal access to a quality internet experience. Its not free. It never has been. " ... there's no real journalistic standards in tech, " While I don't disagree, I can be sad at this reality. Journalism fails when it doesn't have standards. Always with the negativity. Sheesh. Here is the cliff notes version of the referenced article: Complaint: Can't find free wireless Observation: Criminals abuse open wireless networks Observation: Fewer and fewer networks Ask: "We" want to reverse trend, encouraging 'free' networks Ask: Give common carrier protection to someone who opens a wireless network. Whine: It sucks not to be able to get online. Strawman #1: Perhaps people want to prioritize their traffic over the freeloaders Occam's Razor Says: No, the simpler argument is they pay for it and don't want to give it away) Strawman #2: If a hacker wanted to they could break into your network so you don't buy much by securing it. Occam's Razor Says: Locking your front door doesn't prevent breakins either but it does keep random strangers from scoping out what is inside your house. Ask: No cost WiFi that protects the identity of the free loader Fallacy: There is no protocol that allows anyone to join the network using link layer encryption. Exception: Opening VPN connections using well established standards. Strawman: Spectrum auctions were expensive, WiFi makes more efficient use of spectrum. Exception: FCC just opened up a huge chunk of wide area spectrum for unlicensed use, aka 'white space' from the abandonded TV bands. Ask: Join with us to whine about the lack of free wireless access points. Since it isn't 'free' to provide a network connection, you have to make it economically viable. Economics being the force that allocates scarce resources (and network connectivity is once such resource). If you don't pay cash for a 3G connection (or an LTE connection or an EDGE connection) then you have to offer something else. I am really, really tired of hearing people refer to the Internet as "the commons" (as in the original Boston sense and with 'Tragedy of' in the conversation) since the network has never been a 'commons' in any sense of the word or concept. That you grew up and didn't understand who was paying for it and why and got mislead into believing it was 'free' is fine, but don't persist in that mis-information or you might find yourself talking about how all the strangers sleeping in your parent's living room is a 'tragedy of the commons' when its just squatting on your parents property. Its not a 'tragedy of the commons' when there are rolling blackouts because there isn't enough power generating capacity or typhoid because there is an open sewer running by your house. The author wants a world wide, cryptographically secure, communications network that anyone can access for free. Its a pony request [1]. [1] http://i-want-a-pony.com/ I'll continue on my karmakazi rant here. I disagree strongly that 'whining for free wifi' is a reasoned argument against domain name seizures. Agreed, whining is perhaps too strong. I don't know where the ends of the censorship/P2P continum are however. I was wondering the other day if a crowd of people wanting to legalize pot started protesting in the streets of Washington and demanding that the government give in to the will of the people, and then Mexican drug lords sent some tanks up to support their efforts, is that freedom? It sounds when I read it like a red herring but I'm trying to get my head around any positive aspects to network anarchy. It seems anarchy in virtual space would have the same downside as anarchy in meat space. (cue jokes about the Libertarian Paradise of Somalia) So for articles like the EFF one to be compelling they have to move the conversation forward. This one, for me at least, didn't rise to that standard. It seemed to get stuck in the complaint about how people who pay for online access have an easier time getting online than people who don't. Actually I've filed several patents, have a few that have issued over the years too. I hope you weren't mislead by some attorney that you have to be a lawyer to file a patent. I don't know if you read stuff from Nolo press [1] but we are fortunate that you can get the help you need for filing a patent in Sunnyvale [2] The last time I checked the filing fee was like $1500. You do need to put it in the form required for the application, and you need to respond when the patent examiner sends your patent back with questions. Attorneys are nice, they provide a service which takes a lot of worry out of things and some of them are pretty aggressive at getting the patent issued even if the claims whittle down to something fairly obscure but they do charge by the hour. The last time I saw the bill for doing the patent paperwork it was about $12,000 total. [1] http://www.nolo.com/products/patent-it-yourself-PAT.html [2] http://sunnyvale.ca.gov/Departments/SunnyvalePublicLibrary/R... Point taken. I had a really funny experience that kind of relates. My sink had some of those poorly made fiber washers, if you weren't careful, which meant if you over-tightened or under-tightened the sink valve when you closed it, it would drip. Just a little bit, you know drip .... drip .... drip ... Then California got this whole drought thing going and the water company was asking everyone to cut back. We fixed the faucet and saved a bit over 3% on our total overall water bill. For me in the US I'm fortunate because water is cheap. I find I can't ignore it though. This is definitely one of those 'go back to the customer and ask again.' kinds of times. I suspect they said 'tier 3' and not '3 tier' (well for me its the only possibility that makes sense) which would mean a database with relaxed SLA requirements (probably 99.9% uptime, up to 1sec latency, things like that). Basically for data they use infrequently and don't hold up the busisness if they are offline for a few hours. Fake, see 'laws of thermodynamics' [1] Although its even easier to understand why its fake when you consider the claim 'pumped 300,000 gallons of water with 44 watts of power'. A gallon of water weighs approximately 3,6 Kg. Lets say the pump changes the elevation of the water by one foot or .304 meters. We can compute the potential energy [2] in that water as W = mgh where m is the mass, g the nominal gravitational constant, and h is the height difference. So 3.6 kg/gal * 300,000 gal * .3 meters * 9.81 m/s is 3,178,440 joules. One joule per second it also a 'watt second.' Hydro-electric generation is roughly 40% efficient a small pico-hydro [3] unit that drained those 300,000 gallons in an hour would convert that 3,178,440 joules into slightly more than 1.25 million joules of electrical energy over an hour or about 353 watt-hrs. Removing the 44 watts needed to power it you would have 300 watts of "free" energy. Build 10 of these and you would get 3KW of free energy which you could start selling to the power company at 5 cents a kW-Hr. Every time you had enough money to build a new engine you could add that to the power plant. Each engine adds $.005/hr of income, Once you've got a thousand engines build you're making $5/hr, all day and all night, at 10,000 engines you're making $50/hr and at 100,000 engines you're making $500/hr. At a million engines you're making $5,000/hr while they recirculate a few hundred thousand gallons of water amongst them selves and generate endless profit for you. Except Mr Newman not only isn't a billionare he's pandering for money. It's fake. QED. [1] http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Laws_of_thermodynamics [2] http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Potential_energy [3] http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Pico_hydro Its pretty egregious. I've heard folks say "C'mon, whats the harm the system is there to be gamed and they just play it better than others." Which I can't really argue with, I mean there isn't really a barrier to entry other than cash and willingness. And its a whole industry in its own right. But still it does leave one with a poor impression. Had to upvote this as it's, to my mind, a subtle but important point. Part of the 'book' experience is the typography, and someone who is blogging about the demise of the book and uses crappy typography doesn't appreciate that aspect of it. That being said, the typographic conventions available in electronic books (that aren't simply software on a PC) allow them to invest more time in this sort of thing. For me, an iPad like device with the 2560 x 1600 (300dpi) 10" screen would be the killer e-book device. But until then I too keep regular books around with e-books too. * "When in a social situation, other than silence, how am I suppose to participate or excuse myself from participating in a discussion about american idol or some other topic to which I have no knowledge and may perhaps despise? Neither being quite, admitting I don't follow said topic are well received. Isn't there a positive way out of this dilemma?" * One way in which you might participate is to explore what the other person finds so fascinating about the topic. You may think its idiotic but they clearly don't, so rather than try to convince them of your point of view, find out theirs. Typical start "Oh did you see who got voted off idol last night!?" Response, "I haven't been keeping up, but it sounds like you were surprised by that, did you think that was the wrong choice?" Now you have done two things, one pointed out you have nothing to add in the discussion and two not made it seem like they are an idiot for watching it. They may have a reason behind their surprise, find out what it is, find out what kinds of music they like and why, did this person sing songs from that genre? Did they do poorly? As long as you realize it isn't a reflection on you that someone wants to talk about something you don't seek out, you can probably find some aspects of it that are at least entertaining. "In my experience most people who follow the big fad of the day (royal wedding, big brother, american idol, etc) are never really fascinated by it. If you ask them "what fascinates you about american idol?", the answer you're most likely to hear is "wtf, what do you mean?". Many of these things are designed to be attention-grabbing and to encourage chattering about their consequences, even if there is absolutely nothing interesting or actually at stake in that." Hmm, my experience is quite different here. Generally I find that people may start off with some big fad of the day because it's nominally a 'safe' topic and something which can start a conversation without offending or knowing another persons interests apriori. Almost any 'fad of the day' topic has a route into a more interesting topic. American idol - influence of music on society, what defines popular, changes in the music industry that make idol possible, etc. Royal wedding - the role of the monarchy in modern nation states, the role of weddings in changing fashion, is marriage as a concept out of date, etc. Big brother - voluntary surveillance vs involuntary, peoples behavior when they know they are being 'watched' vs not being watched, the role of 'reality' tv in the definition of morals in 21st century society. One of the things that can trip up folks is concluding that because someone just asked you your opinion on last night's American Idol decision they believe that the best use of your time would be watching American Idol. Take it as the equivalent of 'nice weather we're having today isn't it?' and you can often find a common discussion ground at the appropriate level. I agree with other commentators that given their initial raise, the company has a number of 'chances' to find the right mix which connects with their user base. That being said, back when everyone was reading "Snow Crash" and trying to be the guy/gal who created the metaverse, there was some good research into just what sort of 'group event' you could reasonably hold in a network space. (sadly they don't pop up easily on citeseer but they were in the late 90's early 00's about network group meeting events and the people congregating via digital networks). The bottom line of the research was that it was really hard to build a workable mesh network protocol (basically which provided any to any connectivity / traffic amongst a modest sized group) in the presence of any traffic loss whatsoever. One of the outcomes of that research was what most people think of as CDNs which push audio/video content amongst a number of servers and try to distribute the load of "Large" events. A more or less practical example was the 40 user 'raid' that the MMORPG World of Warcraft started with, provided co-ordinated events amongst 40 individual users located across the globe. It had a hard time pulling it off but was successful. 100 or 200 users in the same 'area' often killed the servers. Color is shooting for 10's of thousands of people in the same space. This is P2P "gone wild" and not a solved problem by any means. So kudos for failing fast, now to see what happens next. Nicely done. I especially liked "We let them [the investors] dictate our path with their negative signaling instead of listening to our guts." This trap is something that is so easy to fall into and so painful to pull out of. My first startup had a 'star' VC fronting it, he loved the concept but didn't really understand that his vision was often in conflict with the founder's vision. That really hurt as the company was ripped too and fro trying to achieve a couple of really orthogonal goals. Tom Lyon once told me that really it takes three startups before you 'get it'. One which is a somplete disaster, it helps you see what you did wrong and what can go wrong. One which isn't a complete disaster but exits sideways, which is to say you work at it day and night but when it exits you find yourself exactly where you were when you started. Then the third one where you know what to expect, you have a solid idea of what not to do and you keep laser focused on getting in, getting done, and getting it shipped. It is very hard though, always. What's the best real-world (i.e., non-propellerhead) solution to this? There isn't one. I've looked at creating one, and while its a sizable engineering job all the pieces are available. What it isn't is monetizable. Not like 'make me a gazillion dollars' monetizable, but like 'pay me a living wage to work on it' monetizable. The key (and its a horrible pun) is the key. You can build zero knowledge proof [1] key exchangers now (patent expired :-) and a relatively inexpensive 'key' based on either USB or bluetooh communications (see Yubikey [2] as an example). Such that email to a new third party could be done in an encrypted way such that the message could only be read when that exact party was reading the email in a reader that could get the keys to unlock it from the physical key. Like most such systems it only 'makes sense' if everyone (or at least a large fraction of everyone) has one. To get initial adoption it needs support in 'free' tools which means it needs to be open in the sense that folks can trust what it does, and implement a compatible protocol without paying you anything. To earn a spot in your pocket/purse/pack it needs to be flexible enough to accomodate other uses. To get those other uses the folks who provide them need to be able to support it for 'free' since their customers won't be paying them to put it in. So a large investment in propellor heads to make it usable by the rest of the world and achieve critical mass for adoption. Oh, and if you do start getting traction the governments of the world are going to want to disappear you (which was one of Bruce's points) [1] http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Zero-knowledge_proof [2] http://www.yubico.com/yubikey This is an interesting article and worth a read. Then head over to Mike Cowlishaw's rant on decimal [1]. I met Mike at a conference and he's a brilliant guy, prior to seeing his decimal stuff I was using REXX on an Amiga (what Tcl might have been) which was language he invented while at IBM. He got interested in decimal math early on but not because 'floats' such by binary floats really suck. That is a number system where .1 can't be accurately represented. How often do you use .1 in your calculations? He has a couple of examples of 34 digit precision which is representable in a 128 bit quantity. (3.7 bits per digit). Straight BCD would of course be 32 digits minus the digits which represent the exponent. I wrote some CAD routines once that used decimal arithmetic rather than binary and was amazed at how much better it worked in terms of edges lining up and when you approximate non-square surfaces you get much better tesselation. And of course for history buffs the IBM 1620 used decimal as a native representation for numbers. Now that we've got lots of transistors to play with, perhaps its a good time to revisit the way we represent numbers. [1] http://speleotrove.com/decimal/ "Steele's request was denied until he can name at least one specific person in the case over whom the court has personal jurisdiction—though it's not clear he can do this at all without going to the ISPs for help. But the judge doesn't care about Steele's problems." This is the correct result. I hope it is more broadly adopted by the courts. At the moment these seem primarily driven by legal firms using extortion as a business model, we should shut that down first and then go back to working through the issues of fair use and copyright. Interestingly one of the things that I found most amazing when I was working for Google was a nearly total inability to grasp the concept of 'deadline.' For so many years the company just shipped it by committing it to the release branch and having the code deploy over the course of a small number of weeks to the 'fleet'. Sure there were 'processes', like "Canary it in some cluster and watch the results for a few weeks before turning it loose on the world." but being completely vertically integrated is a unique sort of situation. Android is much like a more traditional vendor/customer model where they are at a place in the pipeline that has to co-ordinate with other things that are in the pipeline. Except when those 'other things' are hardware it gets really strange. I was present in meetings in which all the folks at the meeting would nod their heads at some release date which was totally and completely imaginary. It existed so that dereferencing the term 'release date' didn't return 'undefined' :-). I remember my first project there I asked SRE (part of operations) for a date when they would be done with their part. Got that date, operated my part of the project against it, the date arrived and nothing. Two days before the date I had re-confirmed it, and on the date was told, "Well its not quite ready, probably in a couple more weeks." Really? One of the reasons people do 'starter projects' there was to learn this lesson. The 'tablet' version of Android has been a planning disaster from the moment it was conceived as far as I can tell. Why isn't ChromeOS (basically Android kernel + browser UI) not the tablet version of Android? Android/Tablet vs Android/Phone? AFAICT its because Apple pulled off making iOS work between phones and tablets, and they only pulled that off because they had the iPod Touch for YEARS before they shipped the iPad and kept asking 'what is a non-phone experience like?' I have no inside knowledge of how the whole 3.x thing went down but if it was like other projects there, rather than get some clear thinkers together in a room and put together a plan and then manage against the risks of that plan, two or maybe three 2 or 3 person 'teams' (friends likely, in their 20% time) probably started working on their vision of how it might work as a tablet, only to be out maneuvered at a review (or not) to have several competing versions going forward which then someone checked in first and everyone else was stuck following that version until someone else checked in something better. Reasoning? Planning? Discussion amongst stakeholders? Probably not so much. So I would certainly place the underwhelming nature of Android tablets completely at Google's doorstep. Its not like the hardware is less capable than the iPads, in some cases its even more capable. Its not in Googles DNA (at the moment) to execute against a customer/supplier type of arrangement. Fortunately I think there are some really smart people at Google who understand that, I hope they can prevail against the inevitable corporate anti-bodies that are now doubt even now trying to marginalize them. I do believe that Android will win here but for the same reason that lava coming out of a volcano 'wins.' I'm guessing Motorola had the hardware ready, they've got an investment hanging over it which they need to recoup some of, and perhaps Google offered to cover some of their costs. Who knows. Motorola also got some good exposure and definitely some experience in channels that will be critical in the future. I used the Java decNumber class (linked off Mike's web site) and the Java 2D API. Once the 3D API came out it seemed like the visualization code at least should use that. Converting to/from decimals to floats was unnecessarily painful at the time. I certainly agree with the sentiment that forces are pulling PHP where it isn't comfortable being. "You don't hammer in nails with the handle of a screwdriver." was something my Dad used to say and I thought it was pretty stupid, until I thought of it as a metaphor for all the times my 'pain' was that I had the wrong tool in my hand and was too blind to see that. People are trying to PHP in ways it can't easily go, and yet that is the requirement the user's have, thus PHP is by definition the wrong tool. Tools which do not serve a purpose as well as other tools don't get used. A language, system, or tool which nobody uses is 'dead'. QED. The first part was the context, "People are trying to [take] PHP in ways it can't easily go ..." Tools make hard jobs doable, the right tool for the job can make a difficult job trivially easy. The definition of the 'right' tool can then be expressed as 'doesn't cause you pain' and the inverse works as well, if your tool is causing you pain then it is not the right tool for what you're trying to accomplish. Probably an example of tm;du (too meta; didn't understand) :-) Its an interesting concept, but basically mechanical turk for code eh? One way to incentivize it a bit more would be offering to sell a previous answer for half of the original cost. So buyer A pays $10 for an answer, if someone else wants it they can buy the same solution for $5. That creates a long tail effect and keeps people motivated to answer questions. One of the most amazing things about kids are that they are state machines, unfortunately you don't get to see all the states :-). It amused me (I know, easily amused) that for a while I could end a pointless argument with my daughter by using a non sequitor. You know "But why can't I play for another 15 minutes!?", "There are zeppelins in the sky." "... huh? really? Where?" Then it amused my wife, after my daughter had identified this edge in her particular state machine, when we had battling non sequitor arguments, "Oh yeah? Zebras are monochromatic!" "So? Water ice subliminates below 5% relative humidity!" At 19 months (the original article stated this as an age) the evolution of how kids interact and choose to interact changes almost daily. With my kids there was a peak around 3 years of age before things normalized out. Always interesting raising kids. I agree with jrockway (but perhaps not the phrasing) that its not an appropriate response to the requirement. People advise new programmers, "Its good to have work on an open source project on your resume." because that gives them access to your check-ins, how you responded to reviews, and generally mailing list chatter. That is invaluable for potential managers since its like having a 'preview' of how you work. However ... When people hear it "Go contribute to some open source project." That is not the correct interpretation. And the reason is that there two conflicting assumptions. The manager person is looking for folks who write code, whether or not it pays the bills. These are people who love to code. So if you're not already writing code, then your already not someone they really want to talk to. If you're writing tons of code in your spare time, but none of it is 'out there', then one of three things might be true; 1) You're one of those people for whom someone elses code is never good enough so you've written everything yourself from scratch, probably have your own mail program, dns server, tcp stack, you name it :-) 2) You are keeping all your code under wraps because someday you're going to sell it as the next version of Office or something for $1000/copy. :-) 3) You can't tell if anyone would even care to use your code even if it was available so you just work on it in isolation. Of these types, if you're #3 the solution is easy, pick a couple of things you're doing, throw them up on github so that there is a copy 'out there' if you need to recover it and you will find people will discover it and start feeding you back comments. If you're #2 you probably aren't going to be a good fit but feel free to create the next Microsoft. Some of the people in #2 will create the next SAP or Salesforce.com or Autocad so don't let me stop you. If you're in group #1 you're possibly a brilliant coder who will argue with everyone :-). When people come to me and ask "How can I get a job at Google?" I ask them what software they are working on. If they answer, "What do you mean?" I explain the whole "If you are someone Google might hire, then you are someone that writes code whether or not you are getting paid for it. If you aren't that type of person then working for Google is probably not high on the list of possibilities (although I hear that is changing). It is good to keep this in mind. China as VC of last resort? They could fund the equivalent of the entire 1995 - 2001 tech bubble. When I read these I'm amused that people are surprised by Google's network. Its actual capability is nominally secret (my employment agreement and exit agreement both mention restrictions on revealing non-public details of Google's infrastructure) Except in this case there many publically available clues which should give you an idea here. Consider that Google is investing in undersea cables [1] which nominally provide multi-terabit speeds between continents. And Google is cheap, really cheap, in terms of what they will pay for infrastructure which is why they started making their own switches [2] because even commodity ethernet vendors weren't cheap enough (although these days of state funded cyber armies one also has to protect against foreign made equipment [4]) What is more the amount of data you can send over a fiber is getting faster all the time [3] so replacing the inter-datacenter lasers can quintuple bandwidth. There have been some interesting 'escapes' of course, once when one of the data centers became unavailable and all the YouTube traffic started coming from another one very far away serving a very large local population, and latencies went up but throughput didn't change, I know a couple of network administrators did a double take on what they were seeing :-) [1] http://www.google.com/intl/en/press/pressrel/20080225_newcab... [2] http://gigaom.com/2007/11/18/google-making-its-own-10gig-swi... [3] http://www.newscientist.com/article/mg21028095.500-ultrafast... [4] http://www.popularmechanics.com/technology/gadgets/news/4253... Good question. I don't know. But I'll share a bit of speculation and you can tell me if there are holes in my reasoning. With out going into specifics there was a lot of effort at Google going into pushing 'popular' videos closer to the likely place they were going to be played. Any caching system or content delivery system, is by definition limited to the amount of edge cache it has and its ability to predict where that content will be. One of things putting pressure on that cache is probably Google's efforts to put 'premium' content near possible subscribers. Clearly people who are paying money have a higher expection of people randomly watching the latest cat pratfall. So if you're Google and you're doing more "TV" like things, you may have reasons to reserve some of that cache space for your premium content whether or not folks have asked for it from that part of the network 'yet.' Another interesting area is in transit networks. Generally the tier-1 networks who provide peering connections have done that on a quid pro quo basis (basically I'll peer your traffic if you'll peer mine). However as web 2.0 companies like Google or NetFlix start creating very large flows, suddenly if you are 'peering' and your peer is putting a LOT of traffic on your fiber but you have relatively little for their fiber, then maybe you start thinking you want to be compensated for that. We talked about Level 3 and Comcast going at it in: http://news.ycombinator.com/item?id=1954077 So an explanation might be that your transit network is 'throttling' its peering relationship. I could easily see someone agreeing to 'peering' terms where they take the traffic they've sent and use that as a 'credit' and provide full rate service for an equivalent amount of traffic coming from the peer, but excess traffic might get throttled rather than being 'free.' This is a very active discussion in some circles. I would not be surprised to see it come up in any discussion of throughput to 'YouTube' vs local throughput. This is a good example of a meta-data injection. Not clear yet what the outcome will be on the overall system. Kind of like auto-complete for places. The scary thing will be creating need feedback loops. So club A tries various marketing strategies and compares that with its rise (or fall) in the 'destination intent' index. These then trigger more specific marketing but then carves out a population which is responding to the messaging. Combined with groupon style offers its going to be an interesting couple of years. This will be a trend worth watching. There is evidence [1] that some of the educational techniques in China do not foster the creativity that is the hallmark of a thriving tech economy. That is however only half the story since if you read HN you know that execution is at least, if not more important than creativity. So if the Chinese create a system where new ideas can be executed into products quickly and efficiently then they will create a formidable force of innvoation. [1] http://onlinelibrary.wiley.com/doi/10.1002/pits.10072/abstra... "If anything occupies a lot of your time, of course eliminating it will free up time for other things." I'm looking at YOU HackerNews :-) "But none of these systems, with the possible exception of some fanciful science-fiction technologies, can ever bring that dishonest minority down to zero." This is a concept that is very useful to internalize. In systems its the 'no subsystem will operate 100% correctly all of the time' in social justice scenarios its 'there will always be people who are poor'. While the first part of that "things break" or "shit happens" to be colloquial, is accepted easily the latter 'there will always be poor people' is less easily so. But as Schneir has eloquently pointed out in his thesis statement humans are just another system composed of independent actors who are nominally out for the collective good. Understanding this core systems concept can really help you understand where you will need to focus systemic processes or tools which will maintain the systems primary function. I suppose if they really really wanted it you could send them the parts back. Early on I learned that Juggling was a great way to get my conscious mind out of the way of my subconscious so that I could actually retrieve information from it about solutions to problems. Like a lot of people I know, my brain works on coming up with solutions to 'problems' 24/7, whether I want it to or not (much to my spouses dismay sometimes) And while effective getting those solutions out of the queue require either isolation (camping is great, the shower is ok if a bit short) or to have my conscious brain not focused on trying to pull the answer out. Juggling (and as it turns out for me piano playing) has the property of applying a temporal focus to my brain which prevents it from interfering with my subconscious. Weird I know, but folks I know who study such things consider it fairly normal. I know a guy who plays FPS video games when he has a really hard problem he's working on, same sort of thing. I got three messages out of Schneir's thesis: 1) In any system of nominally co-operative elements, with ability for individual elements to flip between co-operating or defecting (to use the same game theory terms Schneir did) will have some fraction of those elements in 'defecting' mode. 2) He accepts as fact that perfect control over the choice of defecting or co-operating is impossible to achieve in the systems he's talking about. 3) He outlines a way to reason about the processes and measurements one can put into a system which maximizes for 'cooperation'. Then Schneir applies this very good and universal tenet toward security. and finally points out that even if systems could achieve perfect control that would be net negative as the 'defectors' in the system can provide the mutation/change which improves the system overall. It is a solid piece of reasoning which, in my opinon, applies to all systems, not just security systems. Systems that include groups of people, computer networks, air traffic control, commodity markets, Etc. All of them. Take a Gaussian distribution and point at one of the wings and there be the 'dishonest minority' there. If you are a designing a system where the actors (or agents) in your system have the freedom to choose their own path through it, whether it is an MMORPG or a botnet or a homeless shelter, you have to consider (and prepare for) the fact that a portion of your system's population will be working against the system as a whole and if you don't want the whole system to collapse you need to heed Schneir's advice and layer in processes which 'self heal' or 'detect and deter' such defections. Otherwise your system will become unstable, and then collapse. I guess the monetization efforts are bearing fruit. It will be interesting to see if Google boosts its infrastructure so that folks used to the 'old' performance levels of YouTube will see that kind of performance again. If not it will be a good pricing exercise in terms of figuring out how ad revenue is affected on the free side by videos pausing a lot. Its interesting that they don't mention Usenet. For those of you to young to remember, what you now call "The Internet" was originally "ARPAnet" (and then DARPAnet) which was funded by the Advanced Research Projects Agency (ARPA) but they had lots of rules about what you could and could not do on their network (as was their perrogative). Some folks who wanted to be on the network didn't "qualify" because they were either too small, or not germane to the research goals. Other folks chafed at the restrictions. My first encounter with the ARPAnet was in 1978 when I started at USC which had a node on the net (USC-ECLC) which was a DEC KI-20 running Tenex. When I graduated and went to work at Intel they weren't connected to the ARPAnet but they were running a 'usenet' node via modems and software called 'netnews'. The node, intelca, and the guy running it (Ken Shoemaker) were in my building at Intel. Since Ken was open to having the 'new guy' help out so I took on some fairly simple tasks of keeping it running. Usenet was a simple store and forward network where nodes would call each other periodically on the phone and exchange data which was destined for other sites. Addressing was in the form of 'host!host!host!host!user' where each 'host' was a hop and if you could move something along you did. Anyway, today, it is entirely possible (see the TOR network) to build a network which runs across the existing communications structure but uses a set of protocols that are 'invisible' (in the sense of firewalling and monitoring etc) to the host network. It makes building something which does what Usenet did (create a network with less authoritive oversight) much easier than it was in the past. I would not be surprised if such networks already existed although I am not aware of any at this time. Its a response because they had to respond, they were called out on the playground by Intel. I find it hugely amusing that Intel bought the StrongARM business from DEC (as well as the Alpha team back in the day) and put their 'embedded' guys on it (think 8051/8048) and were surprised that they didn't develop any market share. At the time Intel felt like 'embedded' chips had to be cheap, low power, and peripheral rich. They knew this to be true because they had tried an 8086 SOC chip, it was called the 80186 and it was an utter failure for them. (disclaimer I was the Systems Validation engineer on the 80186 when I worked there in '84). So the company learned that "nobody" wanted high end SOCs, what they wanted was a replacable "core" CPU, an IO chip which provided a variety of peripherals, and a memory controller chip that could interface to the current memory technology. Their reasoning was quite sound, and literally for decades they have been executing against this 'north bridge' / cpu / 'south bridge' architecture plan. AMD through a curve ball when they integrated the memory controller on the Opteron, it made for faster memory performance and they got some design wins out of it, however Intel knew that memory tech would change and AMD would be up a creek, which they sorta were when FBDIMMs and DDR3 started coming out and their chips only talked DDR2. The scenery changed however with an explosion of embedded systems. Did you know that MIPS was the #1 embedded computer architecture (by volume) for a while because every HP printer had one in it? SyByte (acquired by Broadcom) answered with a nice 64 bit embedded MIPS architecture chip and it fueled a lot of embedded devices with a lot of potential. And of course ARM came out of 'nowhere' (not really of course, its been 35 years of hill climb but it seemed to many that they were suddenly more relevant) and they started getting design wins in cell phones which grew to smart phones and then to tablets. There was a great big 'arm' - ageddon when a ASUS and a couple of other laptop makers were going to ship ARM based laptops and (rumor has it) Intel and Microsoft threatened withdrawing all support if they shipped them. (which would have killed these companies outright) But there really isn't anything those two can do about Apple and Apple's use of ARM in the iPod and iPhone and then iPad really created a volume channel for ARM which, given the resources of more licenses has been evolving the architecture more rapidly, and Intel sold StrongARM to Marvell who has been using it in GuruPlug and elsewhere so it suddenly becomes a 'threat' on Intel's radar when they find the fastest growing segment of electronics that need high margin microprocessors (the place they like to lead) isn't using their architecture. So to anyone who has listened to their marketing spin on how you should use an Atom instead of an ARM, and told Intel "Except it still takes 4 chips for just the base system and its slower and it takes more power and it doesn't use your 64 bit extensions, ..." Intel needs to respond, because they know they are losing the next design to ARM, again . And Intel gets lower margin on Atom than it does on Pentium * so it has to be sensitive about making Atom "too" good. Rock meet hard place, and there you will find Intel. Which brings us to the current round of chip wars. In ARM's camp their biggest issue is that they don't have a 64 bit ISA specification in production [1] (although I believe the Tegra3 is supposed to be 64 bit) Intel's biggest problem is that they don't have anywhere close to the power headroom that ARM does. The 'next round' (the iPad 3, the Android Tablets, smartphones) seems to be dominated by ARM architectures and Intel wants in apparently. This bit about their 3D architecture is a 'talking point' to explain why things will be different now than they were the last time they tried to get folks to design in an x86 ISA. [1] http://www.arm.com/products/processors/index.php "The net result is probably safer software for all." I don't think that follows. Clearly there are folks in some governments who would fund finding zero day exploits so that they can use them to conduct cyber-warfare operations. Stuxnet comes to mind and the HBGary emails were telling in this regard. It seems there is a market for 0 day attacks that are not known to the manufacturer. So while Google would clearly give them $13,373 for the bug report but that is no doubt mouse nuts compared to what the someone would pay them while it's not in the 'known' state. So I find Vupen's business model not unlike the business of creating munitions. No doubt profitable but not something I'd personally want to participate in. Its some really positive improvements. It will be interesting to see if the UI evolves more rapidly to a better place than the iPad UI. Support for USB devices is an interesting thing from a number of perspectives. I don't think it puts ChromeOS in jeopardy but I do think it means some great differentiation from the iPad. Looking at the Cellbots [1] stuff that has been done with Android I can imagine some cool things with a tablet and the even better capabilities. It will be interesting to see what they do to replace Skype now that Microsoft has a plan to own it. Without the equivalent of 'facetime' (and yes I fully expect Microsoft to limit your rights to run a Skype client on any 'mobile device' that isn't running Windows Phone) they will need a replacement. Fortunately they have the video engine in GTalk. [1] www.cellbots.com Well the meta comment is that nearly every single product Google has 'shipped' lately has been met with 'man this sucks.' followed by a period of iteration, followed by either its death (Wave), zombieness (Reader), or appreciation (Docs). I don't know if the "press" (and I use that term lightly because the community is a mix of professionals and amateurs) really has a process for dealing with this sort of release cycle. People like game magazines with their deadlines were accustomed to getting early beta/late alpha stage games so that they could have a review in print when the game shipped 12 - 16 weeks later but even then there were some interesting failures (when they published a review for a game that ended up never shipping). For me, the interesting thing about Google's music service (other than Amazon totally toasted them in the execution of this strategy :-) is that they are wading into lawyer infested waters knowingly. That makes me wonder if we're coming to the 'end times' when folks can see the rights strategies (for music at least) finally settling into some new normal for the 21st century. Now I don't doubt muscians could still shoot themselves in the wallet like authors did with the book deal [1] but they are a bit more willing to taste test this new world. [1] http://www.eff.org/deeplinks/2011/03/google-books-decision-p... Fascinating, so a 1TB sata drive is $70 [1] these days and that equates to about 7 cents per GB, if you made three copies to insure your backups had a 'good' copy that would be 21 cents/gB so its cheaper than using your own hard drives. The whole 'we've decided to kill that product, you've got 30 days to get your stuff back' and the 'we lost a switch or something and we'll be back online day after tomorrow' kinds of things are still concerns of course. I've always been impressed at the prices Amazon could charge for S3 and keep it a going concern. I'd love to see the breakout on that revenue but I'm sure that isn't going to happen any time soon. [1] http://www.newegg.com/Product/ProductList.aspx?Submit=ENE... Heh, I was amused that on Firefox that Javascript that does that whole stupid "fade in" crap took longer than 8 seconds to load :-). Note to web designers, its not studly its worthless bling, please don't give in to the temptation to do that stuff. From a product perspective it does have some nice benefits for the non-techies. I'd love to get my parents something that they could carry around to read email and view pictures on which wasn't waiting for them to drive by some hijacked site. The pitch about 'let your friend use it' was also clearly the other 'big complaint' about the iPad they are addressing. I hope that means the iPad will get a 'guest' mode where you can hand it to someone without them getting access to your cookies/email etc. If I were to guess, since Google also just announced programmatic access to 'cloud' storage they are going to create your 'hard disk' in their cloud. Then will be a win for the consumer because if the device is destroyed it won't lose "your" data. It also allows international travellers to have two of them, one at home and one abroad. They don't have to carry one through customs and subject it to an unreasonable search by border agents. For a small number of people this will be a good value. (I know it assumes you trust the Google cloud more than you trust DHS but that isn't too big of a stretch) Wow, thanks for that link. If anyone ever wants to know why I don't work at Google any more and why I would decline their offer if they asked me to come back, I would point to this example. If you thrive in that kind of environment where you "plant hand grenades so you can de-rail the deal" by all means go there. I don't. Every place in Google I looked at had this sort of culture. Oh it gets much worse if you assume that you replace your hard drives every 3 years (their warranty period) which would add a $1.94/month depreciation cost. You could add into the cost / GB of bandwidth to access the files, not as easy to factor into a TCO model in the personal use case. While I agree with other commentators that the prose is a bit over the top, its an interesting move on the part of financial interests. (there was a great report in the Murky News that special interests are writing the laws [1]) Clearly financial transactions have provided a means for the state to both detect and to a lesser degree mitigate criminal activity. The phrase 'follow the money' works because such activities are at their heart economic in nature (trying to enrich the criminals) and understanding the path to that enrichment often allows law enforcement to disassemble the criminal enterprise behind it. That being said, I would not be the least bit surprised (although I did not read through any floor debate if there was any) if the people who voted for this law did so believing that they were addressing a great threat to society, which is the proliferation of payment processors which are not accountable to the state for tracking or even reporting their transactions in any form. That does cut into 'innovation' as thinkcomp points out but it doesn't preclude it. It changes the conversation from 'build it and see what works' to something more along the lines of a slow plod from idea to implementation while bringing legislators and law enforement along. The bad news is that criminals are motivated to stay ahead of 'the system's abilty to track their money, consumers need a value proposition and a trial period before they switch so adoption rates are probably (not data driven, just intuition here) lower. Perhaps the next innovation is a payment processing company that provides the regulatory shield for innovative sub companies. [1] http://www.mercurynews.com/politics-government/ci_15517816 The way I was accounting for it you have to replace the drive in 3 years, you have 3 drives. So you've got a cost of $210 that recurs every three years (purchasing the drives). If you distribute that cost across the 36 months that is a $5.83/month fixed cost (doesn't vary by storage usage because you have to replace the entire drive). Unlike Google which can amortize depreciation on a per-GB basis because they are spreading out the replacements amongst many thousands of drives, as an individual you're on the hook for your own drives regardless. Heh, the life of the systems person. Employee, "How do I know I'm doing a good job?" Manager, "Nobody is complaining." If people can't be bothered to understand how the folks in operations are making their lives easier, then they probably should not be judging their contribution. Everyone has an opinion of course. If you work in an operations group (and especially if you are working for me :-) you should have two things on your plate at all times: 1) A situational awareness of how things you are responsible for are going. 2) Project(s) for providing either data or analysis on how things are going. It helps if you understand a risk model about things and can prioritize your attention using that model. (if system x breaks the product for the company stops earning revenue == high priorty, system z breaks and nobody will notice for a day or two == low priority) This is a great collection of ideas, some of which we have seen turned into products. (would love an anti-gravity belt but alas). A entrepreneur friend of mine and I were debating the "value" of an idea vs the making of it into a real "thing." I'm in the camp that execution, the getting it made into reality is the 'hard' work and coming up with the idea is the 'easy' work. He was taking the other side that imagining something that nobody had yet thought about or mentioned was much harder. Most of his argument rested on the claim that the creative spark was rare and could not be duplicated by any sort of process. Thus ideas, like music or art, were intrinsically valuable because only one person in the world could have them. While I agree in principle that the idea is a requirement before execution can begin, my counter claim was that ideas are probablistic expressions of a useful combinations of available technology. Given that things could be combined in a useful way, I claim there is a finite probability that someone seeing all of the components, will realize the combination as a viable idea. So the more people you expose to the components, the more likely that one of them will see the idea and share it. This is subtly different than there is one person who is uniquely qualified to come up with the idea. I don't believe either of us left the discussion with a truly different point of view. I was wondering if the expression of ideas in science fiction would provide data to help illuminate his position or mine. I conclude that it does not as good writers should be familiar with the writing and concepts of the other writers, this would lead to limiting idea re-use since a writer would not want to be perceived as plagarizing their ideas from their peers. There was a series in Scientific American that compared the ideas in Star Trek with what was available today. One of the claims in that article was that engineers were inspired as children watching the series to build the gadgets they saw on the screen. If that linkage was born out by solid research data it would make a strong case for having the characters in science fiction creating solutions to problems posited to occur 20 - 30 years hence. Prepping future engineers to start working on solutions early. Hmm, I'm curious how you equate building a contracting business is equivalent to building a new payments system? I agreed that the article's portrayal of the fees as extortionate was hyperbole but agreed that raising the barrier to entry would slow down the creation of new payment systems. If you accept that the rate of innovation is related, at least linearly, to the creation of new companies in a product space, then reducing the creation rate would necessarily reduce the rate of innovation. An alternative look at your question with contractors would be to ask "Has the licensing and bonding requirements cut down on innovation in contracting business models?" I don't know how to answer that question without first removing the licensing and bonding requirement and then observing the resulting market. It certainly mitigates crime in the contracting market to some extent by making it more difficult for a criminal to pass themselves off as a bonafide contractor. But the current state of affairs don't say about whether or not the contracting market would be more innovative without those restrictions. Its fun to read these sorts of things, back in the day when I was at Sun and Sun had taken a billion dollars of VAX business away from DEC there was a similar article about what DEC could have bought with that missing billion dollars in revenue. A hallmark of a successful business is that it generates enough cash that you can step into adjacent markets. The down side is the risk to your focus if the adjacent market it too off axis. Fascinating as Mr. Spock would say. I got goaded into teaching a class on Robotics at Google, it was well attended and the first thing we did was build FreeDuino's from Solarbotics. When coming up with a curriculum I chose the Arduino because it's development environment ran on MacOS and Linux (every engineer at Google had either a MacOS or Linux laptop, no Windows) and its use of C++ lite type models was a good match for the codebase they worked in on a day to day basis. I designed (but sadly never got into production) a 'super sheild' which, if you installed the connectors in the Freeduino 'upside down' (relative to the instructions) you could plug it onto the robot shield thing which had 6 AA size batteries, a couple of motor controller chips, mounts for the GM8 (Solarbotics again) wheels with wheel encoders. And a bunch of bits for sensor logic. That being said I certainly can't take credit for Google picking the platform as some of the folks were already familar with it but still its nice to see that this effort has lived on as it were. Having done actual experimentation with weaponized acoustics in college I can assure you that no amount of noise generation on a web page is going to cause harm. Annoyance, yes, harm no. Now if you're on your gaming rig and you have a 300 - 400 watt subwoofer hooked up, I've got a couple of sound files that can give you cramps :-) So this is just shareholder activism at its finest. A lot of M$ share holders are upset at the Skype deal and with the returns on the stock since Ballmer took over. Nothing new here, just that Microsoft lead by Ballmer has underperformed the market. I keep waiting for these folks to say who they think should be running Microsoft but that doesn't come up a lot. Touches on a symptom. The issue is surprisingly complex. My sister has done workman's compensation insurance and remarked that all the welders were out of work. (or a large number of them). I mentioned that there was a welder shortage in California and she suggested I mention that on some of the forums where they hang out. What I discovered was that there was a number of vocal proponents who argued they wouldn't work in California for the shit rate that was being offered. Instead they would rather be out of work than devalue their time. So its a fair point, if enough skilled people stay out of the workforce then the economic demand will cause prices to rise to meet the market price. In California its interesting that the tax payers take on that burden and the shortfall threatens the teachers who then jump on to TV ads with their persistent message of non-support. The question of illegal immigrants came up too but if you look you will find that a skilled welder / carpenter / mason has opportunity in Mexico that they don't need to emigrate for, so its not the issue one might suspect. You get substitution effects, people substituting unskilled or lightly skilled labor instead. This results in problems later but some of those people will go on to become more skilled which will increase the pool. A couple of people have mentioned the 'status' question, but from an economic standpoint the pricing of wages should be based on the ability of the population to supply qualified labor not on how 'important' they perceive the job to be. Its not always done that way but it does take personal bias out of the valuation question. Mike's comment that we need more people in the trades is also tempered by manufacturers who would rather 'fix by replacement' than 'fix by repair' their items. They see someone with a broken washing machine as a motivated buyer, not someone with a problem they can fix. It would be helpful if congress mandated that the information to fix things was made available for free. (think service manuals) While it would burden the manufacturer to write such manuals it would enable repairs and a 'green' industry of keeping equipment running rather than in the dump. I was hoping that one of the things that would come out of the Auto-melt-down would have been a vehicle that was bare bones, dead simple to repair, and inexpensive. There is demand for such a vehicle but no one is looking to meet it yet. So "we need more skilled tradesman" as a call to arms has a number of things that it carries with it. I didn't see that the complexity or at least the interconnectivity of it all has been well represented to Congress. People will read the TEPCO report and they will process it in a variety of ways. According to TEPCO (and GE documentation) the containment vessel did in fact contain the core material. Looking at the measurements reported, (both from TEPCO and other agencies) there isn't an indication of either groundwater or watertable contamination. [update: The TEPCO folks early on said they did see some groundwater contamination with Iodine. They also point out that the plant is 'downstream' of the water table with any nuclides most likely being carried to the ocean rather than to either of the rivers higher in the water table. The engineers will know more when they open things up and start cleaning them out.] The 'news' is that cleanup will take longer because rather than pulling fuel pins out of the reactor and sending them off to be either re-processed or disposed, the core material at the bottom of the reactor will have to be removed piecemeal by what is probably custom equipment. This was the same procedure used at TMI to remove material that had migrated to the bottom of the reactor after having melted. I don't think anyone disputes that this was a tragic event and at seems nearly the worst possible accident (it could have been worse if all reactors were at full power) but it hasn't killed anyone yet, this incident is unlikely to be the principle cause of death for anyone in the forseeable future. And yet tens of thousands of people are dead because they couldn't flee the wall of water, so the tsunami was a disaster, the damage to the nuclear plant was not . When you see a head-on collision and the person in the car walks away because the airbags went off, we don't argue for banning driving because the car is destroyed, there is $50,000 worth of damage to the guardrail, and hundreds of people lost work because they were caught in the traffic jam. We say, "Isn't it amazing how safe cars are these days! That accident would have killed them even 10 years ago." We have had a head-on collision between a late model nuclear reactor and an incredibly and extremely unlikely large magnitude double disaster and so far, the safety systems that were built into the reactors and upgraded over the years have kept everyone safe. Slowly, steadily, and with good engineering practices. The results of that disaster are being addressed and will be cleaned up and repaired. I realize that someone walking away unhurt from what would have been a fatal collision might feel that it was a miracle, but it might just have been good engineering. This is a technology I've been watching for the last 15 years. Once you reach a particular amount of compute at the scale of a playing card, you start having the ability to create 'meta' satellites out of clusters. Thin whisker like conductors trailing like long cilia beyond one of these can use the magnetic field of the earth to do station keeping and move around without fuel (using only electricity from solar cells to add charge to the whiskers.) The 'smart dust' people and others are working along these lines and could create a new market for satellite delivery which consists of filling various voids in an otherwise 'full' launch with nano-satellites which, once deployed, would work their way toward the rest of the group and then join into their network. You make a valid point. We can reason about the 'relativeness' of disasters. There are the folks who are alive and homeless because their homes were destroyed by the water, and there are people who are alive and homeless because of the evacuation zone around the reactor. Given the readings for radioactive nuclides outside the Fukushima plants [1], once they are fully engaged in the process of the cleanup, the plan is to allow everyone to return to their homes. Living and working in Fukushima Prefecture will be no more and no less hazardous than it was before the tsunami, and the houses and farms and infrastructure is generally intact and ready to move in. For folks who lost their home in the tsunami, once the roads and infrastructure have been repaired, they can begin re-building their lives. So when we think about the relative scale of the disaster to people we might assign a value 'x' to someone who is evacutated for a period of time, and then returns to their home and neighborhood as it was pre-evactuation. And a value 'y' to someone who evacuated and at some point will return to the land where they used to live and can start rebuilding their lives and community. I can't speak for the people, I don't live there, but if I were told I was going to be a member of either group x or group y I would prefer to be in group 'x' as it would seem to me to be the 'lesser' of two disasters. So at some level, everything is a disaster, but in this discussion I continue to feel that the tsunami/quake combo was the 'real' disaster and the ongoing work to stabilize the reactors which were damaged by that disaster as one of many responses to the disaster akin to people working to prevent cholera and other outbreaks and to restore basic services like drinking water and electricity. Those people who are involved in surveying damaged buildings, recovering downed power lines, clearing debris from water treatment plants are in some ways more at risk of a life threatening injury than the engineers working to get the Daichi plant stabilized and into clean-up mode. [1] "Gamma Dose Rates in 47 Prefectures Gamma dose rates are measured daily in all 47 prefectures. On 10 May the value of gamma dose rate reported for Fukushima prefecture was 1.7 µSv/h. In all other prefectures, reported gamma dose rates were below 0.1 µSv/h with a general decreasing trend." http://www.iaea.org/newscenter/news/tsunamiupdate01.html For me I see the seminal (forgive the pun) flashpoint being when pay-per-use pornographic web sites take BitCoins for services rendered. The value proposition of anonymity is highly valued there I suspect. Prior to that occuring, I expect there would need to be a service that pornographers would 'buy' as enabling this as a valued currency. So once we see the emergence of a referral system or advertising system in which you can 'pay' for ads with Bitcoins I don't doubt we'll see sites that accept Bitcoins as payment. You wrote: "Five GE MK I reactors lost all forms of cooling for a period of many hours to days." And you missed the second part "After experiencing a 9.0 earthquake, which scrammed the reactors, and then a 47' tsunami which destroyed the cooling systems." And you missed the third part "Nobody was killed." Everytime we have a 9.0 earthquake and a 40' foot Tsunami I expect to have deal with a lot of damage and loss of life and general scrambling around because so many things are put under strain at the same time. You could look at this and say "How often do we have 9.0 earthquakes?" and you could see that over the last 112 years we've had six. You might ask about how many of those occurred where we might build a nuclear plant (2) and how many were accompanied by a tsunami on the same coast (1). And you might conclude that this is a pretty rare occurence, probability suggests that it is one you, your children (if you have any), and their children (if they have any) will never see again. You also said "Most of this basic information was very well established and confirmed by multiple sources. Those of us who knew this was a huge disaster unfolding were not 'right by accident'." The place where I and perhaps other disagree with you is when you use the phrase 'huge disaster' here. I've not checked all the comments but most people said early on that this was no doubt the worst possible accident these plants could experience, there were folks who expressed confidence in the layers of systems which are designed to keep such accidents from becoming 'disasters.' What wasn't clearly articulated I guess was the definition of disaster. There are many square kilometers around Chernobyl which were rendered uninhabitable from that accident. In Fukushima's case nowhere will be rendered un-inhabitable. While there are people evacuated currently, those evacuations are temporary . In all likelyhood no one will have died or suffered permanent injury from the Fukushima accident (again due to a variety of safety systems). That wasn't the case in Chernobyl. So an accident which doesn't harm human life, doesn't damage any property not belonging to the power company, and doesn't do any lasting or even long lived damage to the environment, does not rise to the level of 'huge disaster' in my opinion. And looking back at some of those comments they acknowledge that the lack of data from the plants directly left only speculation as an option and they covered the scenario that TEPCO seems to have observed after regaining access to reactor #1's control room. That the engineering of the plants defensive systems, in the absence of the cooling system, the backup system, and the backup backup system, contained the accident's results to the pressure vessel and the containment structure. Water used in the response has collected in the concrete basements under the reactors. The longer lived radioactive by products of the fission process have (as far as anyone can tell) remained contained within the structures designed to contain them. The reactors themselves are a total loss and can probably not be economically be recovered so will no doubt be dismantled. It is the worst possible accident you could have at the plant. As with a luxury car's crumple zones and air bags and other safety gear, the plants systems designed to contain and mitigate the accident have done their jobs. Protecting lives and property. From the moment the wave washed over the plant everyone knew it was a serious accident, the only question has ever been what were the long term ramifications of that accident. My guess is that the plan will involve dismantling reactor #4, using the building and space as a processing center to process recovered material from reactors 1, 2, and 3 separating out the long lived waste from the low energy / short lived waste. The low level waste will become non-waste on its own by alpha/beta decay and the remains of the fuel will be stored with other high level waste that the plants generate. [1] http://www.infoplease.com/ipa/A0763403.html Can you say more about this? I went back and read what I wrote (not sure if I meet your criteria but I consider myself rational) and don't see the 'blind spot' you mention. (which I suppose would make sense given the definition so help me out here :-) In this comment: http://news.ycombinator.com/item?id=2339304 I said "No matter what happens at Fukushima Daiichi, even if all four of the reactors and their spent fuel rods turn into slag candles fused into the foundation of the plant, a rational person would say 'Gee it really is great that we don't have magnitude 9.0 earthquakes with accompanying tsunamis every year, if we did, and they can do this to a nuclear plant, it would be foolish to take those risks.'" That was my comment about the difficulty in having rational discussions on emotional topics. In this comment : http://news.ycombinator.com/item?id=2328783 I noted "I dislike the medidiots who conflated a hydrogen explosion with a nuclear explosion. There is however one risk here that neither folks in the media, nor have I seen yet on HN, and that is the danger of old fuel meltdowns." And in this comment: http://news.ycombinator.com/item?id=2324764 On the very controversial (in terms of coverage) blog posting about not being worried about the accident: "2) Its important to understand that since the reactor is shut down, its only source of heat is the decay products from when it was running, minus the heat they pulled off while running on battery power. Further the engineering design target (one assumes they test to that target) is that if you integrate over all the heat you generate from all the byproducts from a reactor that was running at 'full' and now has all of its control rods inserted, is less than the heat you would need to add to melt the containment vessel (the flask) You won't be able to restart it but you won't have the core melt through the vessel either." Which seems to have been the case. (comments about holes in the vessel that are plugged by graphite and can leak small amounts of fuel out the bottom of the reactor came later, but the original design continues to keep nearly all the fuel in the reactor's flask.) And perhaps my most polyannaish post in this comment: http://news.ycombinator.com/item?id=2324328 "And as others have pointed out, if you get a "full meltdown" with the control rods fully inserted, the resulting uranium/boron alloy is not critical. In short hand, once the rods are in, its game over, just a question of how hard the final result is to clean up. If you keep it under the melting point of the core you can just pull the fuel and dispose of it in the normal way, if not you have to clean out the non-critical slag core." Seems to be where we'll end up. removing the remains of the fuel rods from the bottom of the reactor where they ended up after the fuel pins lost their integrity. I'll reiterate, bad accident, not a 'huge disaster.' Could it get worse? I can imagine scenarios where it could. The waste fuel pond structure could crack and all the water could drain out of those ponds, that would lead to a lot of gamma rays for anyone line of sight to the rods and a possible criticality event if enough neutrons were generated. Will it get worse? At this point it seems the events that would be required are improbable at best. An asteroid or sufficiently large space rock hitting the plant would be sufficient, another 9.0 earthquake disrupting power again, a pipe rupture in the existing cooling recirculation system which sent coolant water outside the building. I wonder if they have three piece suit Fridays. :-) I thought I was done saying my piece but I looked up the references for some friends and they dovetail nicely into 'nl's comment here ... I disagree. I think the second-worse nuclear disaster in history is a huge disaster, especially since it looks like it will leave a large area uninhabitable. This isn't born out by the monitoring done by the US Dept of Energy [1] and others. There has been some Cesium-137 detected outside the plant, but its in trace amounts rather than large quantities. If you look at the data collected by the DoE you will see two things, first that they haven't detected any deposits that have occurred after March 19th, and second that their highest reading was 91uSV/hr (9.1mRem) which corresponds to 218 mRem/day. which is high (relative to background radiation) and below what is considered a public health hazard of 1000mRm over 4 days. (slide #10 in the link). Third to get that dosage you would have to lay down in the dirt 24/7. So no area outside the plant will be 'uninhabitable' [2] Some places will no doubt be targeted for local decontamination, the Cesium will decay on its own making each year after the accident less of an issue than the day before. Is it great? No. It's not, and not by a long way. For example, there was no damage caused by any aftershocks, which was incredibly lucky. Actually that wasn't luck, the plant is designed to handle violent earthquakes, it would be astonishing if there were an aftershock greater than the main shock. Anything signficantly less than an 8.0 was part of the design.[3] People are told these reactors are safe in the event of a terrorist missile attack - it's pretty clear they are no where near that safe. Think about that statement for a moment. The energy released ina 9.0 earthquake is the equivalent to 475 million tons of TNT, or 23,000 bombs the size of the one that hit Nagasaki. [4] If North Korea dropped a nuclear bomb into the plant it would clearly destroy it, but there isn't a terrorist organization on the planet that has the capability of deploying that much energy to the plant. I understand that nuclear power can be a scary thing to some people. But if you take the time to educate yourself on the risks and the engineering which goes into keeping those risks from turning into accidents. It might be possible to get past the fear factor and see them in a more balanced light of power delivered over time vs their risk factors. [1] http://blog.energy.gov/content/situation-japan/ [2] I am predicating that on no further release of any material which is unlikely given the state of the reactors. [3] http://online.wsj.com/article/SB1000142405274870355540457619... [4] "Question: How much energy was released by this [9.0 quake off Indonesian coast] earthquake? Answer: Es 20X10^17 Joules, or 475,000 kilotons (475 megatons) of TNT, or the equivalent of 23,000 Nagasaki bombs. " http://earthquake.usgs.gov/earthquakes/eqinthenews/2004/us20... It will be a closed zone for decades. I believe you have misinterpreted the data. The highest measured readings were 91 uSv/hr. That is equivalent to 9.1 mRem/hr (1 mRem = 10 uSv). The lowest dose in the 'red' zone is 19 uSv/hr or 1.9mRem. Public safety is considered to be 'at risk' if you are exposed to > 1000 mRem over 4 days. You can't reach that level in places where they read 91 uSV/hr (best you can do is 9.1 24 4 or 873.6 mRem/4 days. And where its only 1.9mRem you only get 182 mRem/4 days. The bottom line is that it is safe to go anywhere in the current 80km radius circle, if you are the government and want to minimize radiological hazard you will go through the area that shows the highest activity and identify and clean up any hot spots. That information btw is in the DoE's contribution to this report. The second part you missed is that Cs-134 will be down to noise in less than a decade due to decay which will reduce overall dosage. (I've noticed that no one has published the ratio) So is there contamination from the plant in Japan? Yes. Does is pose a public health risk? For the most part no. Will any part of the area be 'off limits' this time next year? Probably not. Will monitoring continue and specific areas be targeted for decontamination? Almost certainly. But there is zero chance that an accident in a coal plant will affect more than (say) 1000 people, and yet there is at least a 1/12,000 chance [1] that it will affect 100,000+ with a nuclear station. Heh, the flip side is that there is a 100% chance that the pollution created by the coal plant over its lifetime will kill thousands of people. But to your point, that is an argument based on facts, not emotion. And emotionally the people living near the coal plant, while dying due to the effects of its pollution will not have been frightened that one day it might have an accident that would cause them to evacuate for a few months. Lots of interesting stories. Disclaimer, I worked at Google for 4 years ('06 - '10) and interviewed a lot of folks (it was always a part of the job) and did a number of phone interviews too. The process then (as perhaps now) was broken and some folks within Google understood that. The process and goals were pretty simple, hire smart people that get things done. The process was aimed at finding smart people who get things done. That, like the phrase "largest integer" is easy to say and rolls off the lips but when you need to actually write out what it means gets a bit squirrely. The first challenge is what does "get things done" mean? Well for college students it means you got your diploma and at the same time you contributed to some FOSS project. For people with 0 - 5 years experience it means you shipped a product where you did most of the coding. For people with 5 - 15 years experience it means you shipped a product where you did most of the coding. For people with 15 to 25 years experience it means you shipped a product where you did most of the coding. Did you see what I did there? Google wanted smart people but the definition of smart was "you write a lot of code" and "get things done" was "that code shipped in the product/project." Fundamentally they didn't have any way to judge or evaluate the 'goodness' of what someone did if it wasn't writing code. Designers don't write a lot of code and they don't generally have a good metric for what constitutes good which can be empirically tested. The process has a hard time accomodating that. And if you're "good" at spotting problems in a process or getting folks organized around some better way of doing things? That's not measurable either. There was a company, BASF, a chemical company which had an advertising campaign around the fact that they were part of the process and materials that made quality products, their tag line was "We don't make the products you buy, we make them better." [1] And I noted that Google was exceptionally bad at hiring "BASF" people, which is to say people who bring the quality of other work up, or products up, or processes up. The people who did those roles in Google all started out as coders and that is how they got hired. It was only after they were working there that they (and Google) discovered they had this leveraging effect. In order to keep bias out of the process, Google isolates the steps where bias can creep in; separated the folks who decided hire / no-hire from the folks who decided on compensation; the folks who decide to hire and the folks who decide which project they work for. For all my time there, you could not interview for a specific job, you interviewed to get 'in' and then your name showed up on a list and the allocation process would determine which project got you. Often a candidate would ask during the interview "What would I be working on?" the only truthful answer was "That is impossible to say." Before you even get to that point though you get into "the system." Since Google keeps a record of everyone they have interviewed or has shown up as a lead and not interviewed. There is a long, long list of people (I once joked that it was everyone in the market). If you are an employee and you might know that person, common employer, common university, etc. The system could automatically send you an email asking for your opinion on the candidate. This isn't really any different than any other company, person X shows up in the candidate list, people who work at the company who worked at person X's company are asked if they knew this person when they were there. But it can have unintended consequences. Lets say there is a person X, who gets hired, from company Y, and person X really didn't fit in at Y and felt really abused by the company. Now new candidates from Y generate an email to X with the standard "You worked at Y when candidate Z did etc etc." Now person X is still pissed off about how Y treated them and so they respond to all of those emails with "Yeah, candidate Z was a crappy engineer, everyone had to carry for them they never did anything useful." Maybe someone else from Y says "candidate Z was great, everyone turned to them for advice." The process of separating the interviewers from the decisions means that this feedback bubbles up all equally weighted. Hard to know that employee X has said the same thing about every candidate that has come from Y, and if the committee sees two comments one positive and one negative and there isn't anyone on the committee who knows any different then how do you evaluate? The simplest solution if either has an equal probability of being the 'correct' assesment is that you pass on them because you can't know if you have bad data. And that was a part of the process that was fundamentally broken. Because Google gets a metric crap load of resumes and candidates all the time, passing on someone who is +1/-1 like that makes sense because you can't know which of the two feedback comments more accurately reflects the real candidate behavior. The result is that hiring someone with a grudge can poision the feedback pool for a bunch of possible hires. If you weren't Google and didn't have this huge backlog of candidates, you might dig deeper to find out which one was the more accurate representation, but if you are Google you just move on. Externally that sometimes appears that you just stop answering the phone. It also means that you miss out on quality people who would be good for the company and ultimately Google will have to find a way to address that issue (if they haven't already) because they are running out of people to interview. As with most things Google, you combine a data-driven, automata friendly process with fuzzy data and alternate agenda actors, at the scale Google runs at, and you get lots of weird artifacts. [1] http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=6ksUNyhQjLE My contact information is generally available in my profile. I realize that permission to contact is only implicit by that, I'll update my profile. Learn something new every day, I've added it to my 'about' section. Sounds like a splendid idea. Not sure if I'll be at TCD this year but if I am I'll be sure to check it out. I hate it when I agree with both sides of an argument :-) So on the one hand this guy is clearly in the 'make money stuffing envelopes by selling information about making money stuffing envelopes to other suckers' genre of advocacy. That being said, he was in a place that is probably worse than what the average reader is in and is now much happier with his life now that he has 'taken control of his life.' I read his story and liked how he discovered he was being held back by his own pre-conceptions of how he "should" be living his life. Now that he's doing something he loves doing he's both happier and more successful than he has ever been. Score one point for doing what you love. The cautionary tale is that his 'recipe' won't work for everyone, and probably not for a lot of someones. Writing, like drawing, or programming, or fine carpentry, or any of a number of things takes dedication to learn to do well and hours and hours of practice. If you don't love to write, trying to re-make your life as a blogger is going to fail and fail big. So exhorting people to "Do what I did, be a blogger!" is ultimately bad advice for the verbally challenged. (I guess in that regard he's not helping people but we'll set that aside for a moment) It does also reinforce the notion that one's quality of life is most affected by your attitude about it. I had an opportunity to hear a great commencement speech from Doug Ulman (CEO of Livestrong Foundation) where he very eloquently put that into perspective, his advice to accept that you aren't in control and to live fearlessly is solid advice, regardless of your gifts. Its an expensive way to acquire talent but it can keep some known producers in your company for a while. Generally its good to look at how much funding went into a company before trying to analyze the per-capita numbers. Most VC's don't want to leave with just their money back or worse less than their money back (I've heard such deals being called a 'hair cut') So company A gets 10 million in funding and then gets acquired for 25 million, all 25 million might go to the investors with may be 2 or 3 million divided up amongst all the common stock. The goal it seems is to have the big 'retention' contract where you get some chunk of stock as part of the deal (or an 'earn out') 12, 18 even 36 months later. It keeps the stars on the payroll and out of the hands of competition or worse disrupting your own market. A conversation I had with an entrepreneur friend who had been acquired by Cisco went like this ... Me, "So how's the company doing?" Them, "We were acquired by Cisco." Me, "Oh, so how long are you in for?" Them, "24 months but we can get out in 18 if we meet the numbers." We both joked that if someone had over heard us and didn't know the valley they would think he was in prison or something :-) One can always 'walk away' from these deals, generally it leaves stock and cash on the table if you do that. And there is a pretty steep drop off in benefit from the founders to the last person who was hired and had yet to reach their stock options first vesting cliff. Ok, you win, I'm done :-) I have learned over the years that not spending 'enough' on tools is always a bad choice. Like mgarfias I buy Craftsman hand tools from Sears because they really do replace them no questions asked. I know a guy that would buy beat up, nicked and dingy craftsman screw drivers or socket wrenches at garage sales for a dollar and then go to Sears and get a replacement that they would put in their toolbox. My experience of wearing out shoes was interesting. I used to buy 'cross trainers' or whatever the 'general use' canvas/plastic tennis shoe was at Big-5 when they went on sale every year. Every year I'd get a new pair of shoes for $10 to $15 and think "Wow look how much I'm saving over buying leather shoes for like $100 - $150." And then someone pointed out that they had leather shoes that they hadn't replaced in 10 years and it occurred to me that maybe I was looking at acquisition cost and not lifetime cost. I did the math and bought my first pair of Clark's. They lasted 7 years and came out costing roughly $11/year for those 7 years. I replaced them with the same exact model that was on sale for $75. Not only did they look better than tennis shoes, they fit better, and 'wore' better. If I added the time spent shopping, the cost to get the car to/from the Big5 every year, the Clarks were 'cheaper' by being more expensive but of better durability. So it was still being 'Frugal' but it was being a bit more intelligent about going about calculating the costs. I've long since learned to value my time more reasonably than 'free.' Excellent exploration of alternatives to the old 'terminal' application. It would probably help for context to explore the Bell Labs 'BLIT' terminal and the Digital Equipment Corp VT340 (color graphic terminal) and the Tektronix 4010/4014/4064 terminals. These had capabilities that augumented the basic terminal stuff and made it prettier at least to use them. The humorous thing for me is seeing the discussion which essentially devolves into creating a new windows type metaphor but with a lot of keyboard shortcuts. It may sound pedantic but consider that the terminal is the terminal because terminals define a keyboard driven user interface. A user interface is a 'vocabulary' which describes actions. Its vocabulary scales from a communication channel that is 300 baud to one which has multi-megabaud connectivity. You can create a different vocabulary (which is what the other terminals above did) and get additional features. And you can create an entirely new vocabulary if you're willing to change the minimum connectivity channel bandwidth as well (I doubt TermKit would work well over 300 baud for example). There was some good work done on this in the 80's with 'visual shells' on the PC and of course there is a ton of work that IBM did in creating optimized terminal environments (with visuals no less) on 3270 terminals which were in many ways a pre-cursor to todays IDE tools, although perhaps more like Eclipse. Their environment which ran airline reservations was a good example of optimizing the vocabulary (key strokes) against the variety of tasks an agent might need to do. So rather than calling this a graphical terminal replacement (which it isn't) calling it a visual UI which can be driven entirely by the keyboard might be better. I think that fundamentally the "thing" about terminals that everyone sort of 'gets' is that you don't have to use a mouse, you always know where your 'focus' is, and there are millions of key combinations which you can use to express certain actions. For some, that is simply 'living in emacs' for others it could be something like this. You are like so carrying the band, you really should do a solo album. :-) Its an interesting take on what tends to happen 'naturally' a lot (which is folks find a manager they like and follow them from place to place). But as T_S_ here points out there is a whole new spin on negotiations. That will be an interesting outcome. What if it's not? Can you imagine how weird it would be if we backed into proving a universal consciousness existed in a different dimension and an exactly modelled/simulated brain didn't get to participate because it wasn't given a 'soul' by that consciousness? Or the flip side where our brain model does develop sentience as an emergent property and the spiritualists have to deal with the possibility that they are just animated meat. Or the creepy side where you take an imprint of your current brain state, impart it on the model and suddenly the model thinks it's you? Science fiction has explored these concepts for a while. I know that personally I'd like there to be something "special" about consciousness and/or sentience but I am rational enough to know that this isn't backed up by solid reasoning, just wishful thinking. In a highly networked, highly automated, world the idea that consciousness could simply 'emerge' from a sufficiently constructed system is deeply disturbing. While much of what the film "Eagle Eye" speculated on with a sentient computer connected to everything seemed pretty bogus, the ability to disrupt and render unusable a wide range of systems simulataneously by a disgruntled AI is not an experience I would anticipate as being 'pleasant.' Sure, and IPO is essentially a sale of an unpriced piece of equity. Nobody knows really how much its worth but as with earlier funding rounds various techniques try to estimate the value going out the door. That value is the combination of "price per share" * "total outstanding shares" so the total value of the company. The company registers to sell a certain number of shares, this is additive to the total number outstanding, so once you have what will be the new total, and what you think will be the value of the company, you divide value by total and that is your price per share. Then you go out on a 'road show' where you talk to various other banks and other investors and you say "We think the company is worth between X0$ and X1$ for these reasons and that is a share price of between $Y0 and $Y1, would you be interested in buying shares?" and they may say "Not really." or "Sure we'd love to by n shares at $Y0 and maybe n1 (often less than n) shares if it was at the high end of $Y1" Now at some point on this road show, if you're good and the company's prospects look great, you have people who have signed up to buy all your shares, even if it comes out at the higher price. That has validated your price point, now if you haven't even talked to half your prospects you might decide to raise the offering price or increase the number of shares, you go back and call the folks who committed before and make sure they are still on board. Now you have a list of people who are willing to buy your stock, and then when the market opens you sell them that stock at the high end price, and collect your money. Now those people (and the bank that is the 'market maker') for the stock may be willing to sell the stock for a premium over what they paid for it. Other investors who have read the S-1 but weren't part of the initial roadshow might say "I'd buy this stock even if it was 20% higher than that initial price." and they put in a buy order for it, someone says "Hey a quick 20%! I'm down!" and sells them the stock they bought at the IPO price from LNKD. The price bounces around and then lands at a point where nobody else is willing to buy it for any more money than it is being offered at. Nominally the 'market' price for that company. Now if people start buying the stock for any price because they just "want in on the action." as it were, then the price can rise above the price that is supported by the fundamentals of the company, and that is a speculative price rather than a market price. Stocks priced on speculation define a bubble. So LNKD priced at $45 I think, they had more demand than they could meet, and the price has risen. Are speculators buying it? Hard to know yet but it seems like there is some speculation going on. Cool, I'll toot my own horn a bit here and say that when I was at Network Appliance we designed a deduplication device which did block level de-duplication (patent '603 :-)) and one of the keys of that system was splitting the meta data and the content data for just that reason. (de-duplicating meta data made the file system more fragile) There was a conference where a Western Digital (drive maker) demonstrated Linux running on the procesor on the drive controller of one of their drives. NetApp (and Google) used to bemoan the fact that there was 2 million lines of source code between the SATA connector and the spinning rust that held the data written by people who worked for a hardware company. You really don't know what is going on behind your back in your disk 'drive'. From a historical perspective the old DSSI drives that DEC used to sell had a mode where you could 'log in' to the disk and get a shell prompt, then run various drive diagnostic commands right from the drive. That was why they called them "Intelligent Storage Elements" instead of disk drives. To Dave's point (author of the article), the only reliable flash based archive device would be one which uses a data integrity algorithm across multiple devices apparently. Probably a product idea in there somewhere. $1,000/month is great beer money. How much work goes into day to day operations? One of the things to keep in mind that if something 'only' makes $1,000/month but only takes two or three days out of your time a month its "effectively" paying you $15K - $20K/month because you have those other days to do something else. People who set up linkbait pages (I'm looking at you content farms) which bring in 4x their operating cost just replicate the crap out of them. A friend of mine lost nearly everything selling Yahoo! short in the bubble. He kept saying, this is riduculous, it can't go on. Eventually he was proven right but the window was longer than he imagined. By the time Google went public he got a second mortgage on his house and bought as much stock as he could at the IPO and held on to it. (I do thing he sold it in the high 600's). On the apocryphal teenager story it would be helpful to have a citation since there were many stories of pump-n-dump artists in the dot com days, however most of them involved people doing actually sketchy, probably illegal things (like sending email spam to millions). "I have interviewed several times before and always flop on the 'fundamental questions'. Is there any further advice someone can give me? Thanks in advanced." Have you considered learning the fundamentals? Its not a snarky comment I'm genuinely curious. If you are programming, find you enjoy it, and wish to continue doing it for money, continuing education should be right up there on your list of things to do. (whether you have a Ph.D in CS or just a high school diploma, new stuff is coming out all the time). There are a lot of free resources now online. You can get the syllabus and curriculum for classses that are taught in places like Stanford or MIT or UC Berkeley. So even if you spend the next two years of nights and weekends 'filling in the gaps' in your knowledge you will find that not only do you get better at your 'day job' but you will start aceing those 'fundamental' questions. There was a time when to do this you would have to audit a class at a nearby university which imposed limits based on schedules, location, etc. But those times are behind us now. Take an old desktop machine from the e-waste dumpster behind some company, load up FreeBSD or Linux on it, and start doing the home work from some of these courses. The fundamentals are fundamentals because they apply universally, and you don't need a fancy rig to compare the performances of various sorts, or explore bloom filters, or key exchange algorithms. You can run MySQL on crappy hardware for the size databases you need to run to learn SQL. Granted the assumption is that you can currently access the internet and you live somewhere that is currently consuming IT hardware (pretty much most of Europe, Asia, Australia, New Zealand. and the N. American continent). If you are a 'Senior in college' and your major was CS and you flop the fundamental questions then there is a bigger problem here. This reads poorly. FathomDB customers saw outages because the implementation Fathom did using MySQL on AWS went out when AWS went out. So in conclusion Fathom is going to build something which Oracle, IBM, SyBase, and every other database company in the history of the planet has tried and failed to do, build a relational database on a distributed infrastucture that is more reliable than the underlying infrastructure? Uh, good luck with that. Seriously, its Turing Prize material if you succeed. I was thinking the punch line would be "Gee Netflix uses AWS and they didn't go down so we're going to more what they did." I guess they are going to compete with MongoDB and Riak. This was the perspective that I have as well, when I was with Network Appliance we spent a lot of time dealing with folks who wanted bullet proof relational databases running on clusters, NetApp provided an extremely reliable storage platform and a unique ability to 'snapshot' instantly the current state of the storage used by the data base so that you could run various experiments against that data without huge copies etc. There were multiply redundant switches and massive investments in transactional data recovery. The big finance guys were particularly intimidating when they talked about several hundred billion dollars in transactions in a 24 hour period, that is $4,000 - $5,000 per mS, or 4 to 5 million dollars per second. Combined with the whole finance game of not confirming receipt until the last possible moment to keep your liabilities managable, ouch. I would love to see a relational database emerge that could do ACID on an unreliable cloud, and I think the folks who achieve that should become gazillionaires. I was just noting that a whole lot of money and research has already been poured into that hole. We're still waiting to here the 'thump' of it hitting the bottom. :-) It totally rocks that Fathom is taking on that challenge. Up top you wrote: "He fully disclosed that he bought the stock and liked it." But the articles say: "... the kid had bought stock and then, ''using multiple fictitious names,'' posted hundreds of messages on Yahoo Finance message boards recommending that stock to others. " That latter is "classic" pump-and-dump. Create a fake pattern of interest in a stock you bought and then sell into that interest that you created. He should have been prosecuted since it's illegal. I'm guessing his current 'newsletter' has the disclaimer it does (at least according to Wikipedia) because now he knows if he doesn't include it he'll go to jail. As others have pointed out, the article's title is linkbait. The actual article says: 1) Second life lets people design levels. 2) This gets very expensive in bandwidth a high draw levels. 3) This makes it 'unplayable.' (aka a failure) Clearly its not the case that its unplayable since a lot of people play it. Also the geometry / texture issue is huge when moving from place to place, but manageable when you're in one area. Thirdly the big draw for second life seems to be weird sex acts which are probably mostly mental anyway. It is one of the few attempts at creating a Metaverse. As the author points out there is a tremendous asset management problem if you try to stream everything from the server. It could be improved. Given modern disk drives I'm sure you could cache locally pretty much everywhere you went with some lookaside cache code to invalidate local copies when meta-data indicated an update. The author alludes to something like that by asking for a better architecture. Now it would have been a bit more interesting if it was written from the perspective of "this is what it does well, this is what doesn't work for me" and then go on to speculate or do the math on how one might improve it. I was looking that the NoSQL dB space as a metaverse management plane. It could work although everyones view of the world would only converge, not instantly be the same. You could use something like MongoDB, it would be read-mostly for geometry. Back when I designed a castle building MMO (never shipped sadly) the textures were fixed (all clients had them) but you could paint them on different geometries. It reduced the bandwidth requirements to sending around vertices and a texture vector (id, origin, u and v vectors). It would be fun to code something up like that with the Unreal engine. I think its a silly piece, and not really a cogent argument. The author claims 'mobile' apps will be supplanted by 'web' apps (presumably running in a browser which is running on a mobile device). The reasoning breaks down into three claims; 1) There are many more web users than there are mobile users (author claims 2 Billion vs 50 Million) 2) There are some browser apps (Angry birds and NY Times cited) which give you 'offline' access. 3)The HTML5 in the browser will become a unifying API to local functions which will ease development. So lets take these claims one by one and see how they hold up. Market Size - ok there are a lot more web browsers than mobile users. And yet if you look at growth rates (especially if you count 'tablets') the number of users with 'mobile' capability is growing faster than pure web browser seats. If you look at user capability the 'mobile' user may want to do things like 'check in' (location based) or navigate which the generic browser user doesn't do. Finally if you consider the underlying UX tools its just as painful to make an App which works well on 1920 x 1080 screen with mouse/keyboard as it does on an 800 x 400 screen with just touch points. Browser Apps with offline access - This moves the browser closer to hosting the 'OS experience' of the device away from the underlying OS. Google would love to do that since they would realize Sun Microsystem's dream of being able to ship a browser which was the OS can cut out the OS provider (either Microsoft or Apple in this case). However adding this layer not only impacts performance, it also impacts compability since browsers with the same name and version work differently from platform to platform. Not so with mobile apps. HTML5 will develop access to native APIs - I read this, and I imagine all of the zero day exploits that will come of it, if it comes to pass. You take two engineering teams in two separate companies, one providing an OS API and the other providing access to it, and you get Flash all over again. Both development teams come from the problem from different directions and create unexpected problems for the other. Bottom line for me is that I'm not convinced the browser can kill anything except other browsers. That being said, I also think there are big opportunities in mobile / tablet device space for innovations in the operating system, the UX frameworks, and the distribution mechanisms. Disclaimer though is that I was one of the Java guys and I had completely bought into the notion of 'write once, run anywhere'. Making that true turned out to be impossible for a number of reasons, not the least of which that the underlying OS providers were hostile to the idea. So creating an HTML5 uber-alles experience for developing apps seems optimistic to me. So if you run a Java program, under the JRE-xx you will get the maximum possible portability. I was the Director of Systems at FreeGate (an internet Appliance company) and we decided to do our 'UI' in Java, in the browser. (feeling it would give us wide reach) but at that time in particular (1996 - 2000) there was a lot of churn in the browser market and point releases of the browser could change significant behaviors. Today that is less of an issue as pretty much everyone has punted on supplying their own version of Java for the browser and instead relying on the Snoracle version. However the UI compatibility is tied up inside the support for CSS and/or HTMLx where x is 4, 4.1, or 5 even. Mobile apps for say Android which use their toolkit, and written in Java of course, are reasonably compatible across Android devices. However challenges with Honeycomb seem to have highlighted what happens when you change around some base assumptions. Even the migration from Android 1.6 and 2.0 was fraught with issues around new capabilities (and diverse capabilities) between handsets. Configuration Management is a Hard Problem (tm) on any system and people see the Windows eco-system or the MacOS eco-system and feel like they should be able to do that cross-platform. I agree that if that problem gets solved in a meaningful way it will forever change the way we interact with our machines, but I don't think browsers are the great hope for cross platform compatibility. Nah, they put it under the right to sublicense. I think this is a great move, if it kills TwitPic (which one presumes will be the outcome if WENN puts enough pictures into distribution, and DMCA-bans folks) That will help clarify what this is "worth" (since WENN will either make money on this or not) and it will help folks figure out what's what with the TOS stuff. Is it Friday already? :-) Its binary short hand for 2^{10/20/30/40/50/60/...} where 10 bits stands in for 3 decimal orders of magnitude. And since 2^10 comes closest to 10^3 we get kilo. Don't expect if you ask for 50K salary as a programmer that you'll be paid $51,200 / year :-) I suffer from Artism as well :-) Which is to say as an engineer I solve problems with materials at hand in ways that meet constraints. That often requires creative thinking but the creative act is appreciated by other engineers more than lay people. I think of it as the ability to see the unseen. A very non-crisp way of describing the ability to see a solution amongst a pile of symptoms or pain points. A sculptor sees the figure 'inside' the stone, an engineer sees the solution 'amongst' the available resources. Now if I could reliably interview for it I'd be all set :-) It is sad they didn't ask the manufacturers why they do that. One reason is that 'glossy' screens have higher contrast than 'matte' screens because off-axis light is reflected mostly off screen, but on a matte finish off axis light adds a 'glow' to the screen (which is a diffuse reflection rather than a specular reflection) and that glow gets counted against the 'black level' and the contrast. Glossy screens in a darkened room perform demonstrably better in terms of contrast than matte screens. Matte films are easy to come by and I'm rather surprised that given this sort of market research there isn't someone out there selling them by the boat load. I used some 3M anti-glare film which I believe was this: http://solutions.3m.com/wps/portal/3M/en_US/Vikuiti1/BrandPr... On a 44" LCD television. I got it through a window tinting contractor who had a relationship with 3M (they bought their window tinting film from them). This is unfortunate. I understand the stupidity that is copyright policy that makes it necessary but there was so much good that could have come from having newspapers from at least the larger metropolitan areas searchable and online. One of the more interesting things was to match prices in the advertisements against the published 'inflation rate'. Since the US Gov't leaves out food and energy prices, and manufacturers have been waging a war of 'smaller quantities in the same sized package for the same price' inflation, it was possible to construct a 'typical' basket of goods from stores and compute its change in value over time. Great for economists, not so good for policy makers. Sounds kind of like Marimba on steroids. I like the notion of it running on Android 1.6, if I could drive the price down for a 1.6 capable module to sub $25-$35 I think I've got an enterprise use for it :-) I wish I could double raise this. When raising our kids we often talked about money and "kinds" of money. When you're young you can go for long stretches with "no" money, as you get older you get introduced to the notion of a "cash flow" and a steady stream of expenses that need to be paid. The single biggest point we try to impress on them was that if you were not able to 'save' (put aside) some money every month (could be $10 but it had to be net positive) such that under 'normal' circumstances you've put money aside in more months than not in a year, then you are, by definition "living beyond your means." If you found yourself in that space you needed to scale back your life if you could, or upgrade your means. Being able to come up with $2,000, "if you had to", is pretty important. And while its perfectly ok to say you have to liquidate your savings or sell an asset. Acquiring it through a credit instrument didn't pass the test, since you just moved the obligation forward in time, and if you couldn't come up with it now then why do you think you can come up with even more later? It used to bother me a bit when peers whom I knew were making about the same amount of money as I was were living much more "exciting" lifestyles, and it really wasn't until the 90-91 recession hit that it was clear that they were living on credit. One person called me in desperation for a ride to work because their car had been 'stolen.' It turned out it had actually been re-possesed. Thats a hard place to be. "... most of these people are also deep in debt ..." At least on the news we see this a lot. The folks who are "screwed" by the banks because they raised their credit card rate and are going broke. When they cover those stories you often get to see how much credit card debt these folks have and it is always > $10,000 and often > $20,000. To the comment above, at that point you had an emergency a long time ago. If you can't pay off your credit cards at the end of the month you have an emergency. "If you're in a real emergency, what would your rather rely on?" I think the point was that if you have credit card debt then you are in a emergency situation already. So using money to pay off that debt means you can get 'out' of the emergency. Paying off the debt and then putting $2,000 into a liquid account allows you to declare the emergency over. The trick that folks often don't quite realize is that when you carry debt, some of your 'income' (whether its a paycheck or money back from recycling aluminum cans) goes to servicing that debt and not to your benefit. If you are living at the edge of your means, any money not going to supporting you directly is wasted. That's the reasoning that says "priority #1" should be "get out of debt." #2 is build a "cushion" so that when unanticipated expenses hit you don't take a long term hit to the income stream, #3 is invest in longer term income growth (could be night classes, could be a washing machine to save on laundromat bills, could be stocks and bonds). "Other than that Mrs. Lincoln, how did you like the play?" The technical issues are what make your question go from whimsical to silly. The article describes just how difficult it is to create neutrino's going in the direction you want them to go in the first place, then interacting with them once they exist and are headed in the right direction. For any sort of communication to occur using neutrinos you would need to reliably be able to modulate them at the source end and de-modulate them at the destination. There was a "paper" (and I put that in quotes because it wasn't even a modest piece of reasoning) that proposed neutrinos as the medium by which extra-sensory perception (ESP) was created. Neutrinos passing through the brain of subject A being modulated by their thoughts and then detected in the brain of subject B. At least with this setup at Fermilab you could set up an experiment to test that hypothesis by having your subjects sit in the beamline. (something the paper did not provide was any way to experimentally testing their theories). "I'm talking about 'I cannot afford food' or 'I cannot afford transportation to a job interview' type of emergency. That's a real emergency, in my opinion." I think we're in strong agreement. I was thinking of your two examples as being subcomponents of the base emergency "We're living beyond our means." Once you are in an emergency situation, your safety systems are compromised and additional emergencies become much more likely. Widespread instant communication is disruptive in a number of ways, that disruption is also a threat. When I was in Boy Scouts and we visited a police station (which was trying to convince us that crime does not pay), they went to great lengths to explain how radio, and the ability for all of the officers to communicate, gave them a tremendous advantage over the criminal who was attempting to flee a crime scene. Flash forward to Napster and complaints at how difficult it was for one law enforcement officer (or agency) to police a band of criminals with out-of-band communications infrastructure. Then forward slightly further to Gulf War 1 where the key targets in the opening salvos were the communication hubs and infrastructure which enabled Iraqi forces to communicate both with headquarters and with each other. With communication out Iraqi units that were, on paper, 'stronger' than the coalition forces deployed against them in parts of the battlefield surrendering, in part because they weren't aware of supporting units nearby. Finally Egypt, Libya, and Yemen are good examples of communication infrastructure favoring a disperse group in their efforts to overthrow an established presence. It is no surprise that folks who have used communications superiority as an advantage against their adversaries are keenly aware of the disadvantage of not having the communication 'high ground.' Those folks will work tirelessly both in the open and underground to give themselves the advantage. Stock absolutely counts, but it has an interesting caveat. If you read the article they included the caveat "...within 30 days." Which covers the 'you pay it now with a credit card and you pay it off when the CC bill arrives' scenario. Back in the 80's when I was trying to buy a house, part of the down payment was going to be funded by the sale of stock (I had worked for Intel and had vested a few shares). How much of the down payment was flipping all over the map as Intel's price went up and down and up and down. On the one hand I wanted to hold it as long as possible (the trend was upward) but I didn't want to get caught in a dip either. My wife and I picked a number we felt was "reasonable" and put that in as a 'limit' order. When that fired, we picked the best choice of the three houses we had as candidates and made an offer on the house. The stock was up an additional 5% by the time we closed but had been down at least 5% between the sale and the close. Very stressful if we had been under contract and the price was falling. Flash forward to the dot-com days, a good friend bought a house beyond their means and was making payments by selling stock. When the bubble popped they had to sell the house. Not ideal but it didn't leave them permanently stuck. I've always wanted a device which would answer the phone and state 'This call may be recorded for personal assurance, press 1 to continue or hang up if you object to being recorded.' Then it would only ring through if they pressed one. I doubt I'd have to even record calls as the dubious folks would just hang up. (I wonder if this would be a salable Google voice feature) But they [releases] are required to sell the video to 'clip show' producers (exemplars "Caught on Tape", "Outrageous Videos", Etc). One of the complaints in the 'stupid person falls in the fountain' case was that the security camera footage did not include a release. So true. If you focus on the payday you lose, if you focus on the product you might win. The only way to win every time is to relish in the journey. ATM fraud has a long and storied history. Kind of a must read for security types since some amount of 'loss' through the ATM network is planned for by the banks. At a surety conference hosted by First Data and SWIFT there was a lively discussion where everyone agreed that the old "tie a chain around it and take it with you" was the most difficult one to guard against. But at least it met the critical criteria of detection . The serial numbers of every bill that goes into an ATM are recorded, the date they leave the ATM is also recorded, the serial numbers of every bill that enters a bank are recorded and their source. Cash is anonymous but it's life cycle is not. Sometimes I wonder if people take classes in game theory just so they can 'invent' new web services. Snarky comment "Let's end double blind scientific testing so you can know which of your test subjects really have the cure and which have the placebo!" Perhaps less snarky comment. When you are looking to 'improve' a system, ask yourself what knowledge you 'know' and what you 'derive' and then ask yourself if more 'knowing' would affect the quality of what you 'derive.' It would be great to know that some folks in your social graph are more influential than others. However knowing that, and steering more information through them, will change their position in your social graph (sometimes it will instantly convert them from very influential to not forwarding anything you send to them). Its a classic dilemma where more knowledge changes the behavior of the actors in the system which then changes the derived knowledge etc etc. You get a 'game' (at least for the folks who are inclined that way) and like moths to the flame they will start tweaking to optimize. And the optimizations may spiral out of control leading to bigger and more overt tweaks which then can cause the whole system to implode. Sometimes not knowing is better. Do we really need another "ZOMGWTFBBQ! I started a blog and made real money on it!" article? Is there anything new here? I did not find it if there was. This made me chuckle. Its true, if you work at Google people who you haven't talked to in years, or who imagine they knew you back when, will approach you to get you to hook them up with someone inside Google who can see the value of their idea/product/company/etc. My short answer got down to: "So nice to hear from you, be successful in your endeavor, develop market leadership, and execute faster than Google. The correct person from Google will then contact you. Cheers!" There are a lot of things you can say about Google but 'unaware' isn't one of them. And especially if the technology at hand is so clearly a 'good fit' with Google then you can assume that Google is aware of it and if they haven't deployed it then they have already rejected it . That last bit is key, for better or worse, nearly everyone at Google thinks they know better than you, they are smarter than you (or you would be at Google), and anything you think you know about the value of what you are doing is wrong because if you were right Google would already do it. Now you and I both know that with great hubris comes great blindness, but the only way to convince someone at Google that you've got an idea that is both good and that they need, is to execute on it so well that it starts causing them some pain. Just telling them about it won't get you anywhere. Trying to get a meeting where you want them to sign a deep NDA to prevent them from stealing your idea is a non-starter. The good news is that you don't have to worry about "getting in touch with the right person" at Google. Don't spend any time on it. Just do what you're doing well and if they care, they will get in touch with you. If they don't they won't and you won't have wasted any time courting them. Ok, this is an interesting twist. Bacteria that cause ice nucleation resulting in snow and hail. It also makes you wonder if we should add a disinfectant to the deicing sprays for aircraft. We have plenty of data to show that the climate of the planet has been very different at different times in the past. We also have good data that humans have had an effect on the climate (although why this would be surprising escapes me, perhaps the surprise is that its measurable). What we don't have is any clue on how humans could control the climate long term so changing our behavior may reduce our contribution to the change but it will not stop change from occuring. Its useful that we live through several of the annual cycles of weather changes before we have a chance to worry about it. Imagine if humans went from birth to middle age in three months, by mid-summer they might be afraid that the temperature was just going to keep on going up forever, as it had their entire life. We see a variant on this with multi-generational cycles like volcanic eruptions where something that "always" been true, and then it isn't one year. That being said I'm all in favor in finding ways to be more efficient. We can't realistically consider stellar travel until we can create an environment which is self sustaining. I do wish however that we'd invest more in adapting to climate change rather than throw money away at trying to "stop" it. Perhaps people downvote the argument which is based on socionics. I've noted similar down votes on comments where the underlying basis was not well established. "Each of these robots takes up a considerable amount of my resources. For June, the Googlebot ate up 4.9 gigabytes of bandwidth, Yahoo used 4.8 gigabytes, while an unknown robot used 11.27 gigabytes of bandwidth. Together, they used up 45% of my bandwidth just to create an index of my site." I don't suppose anyone has considered making an entry in robots.txt that says either: last change was : Or a URL list of the form : There are a relatively small number of robots (a few 10's perhaps) which crawl your web site, all of the legit ones provide contact information either in the referrer header or on their web site. If you let them know you had adopted this approach then they could very efficiently not crawl your site. That solves two problems; @ web sites on the back end of ADSL lines but don't change often wouldn't have their bandwidth chewed by robots, @ The search index would be up to date so if someone who needed to find you hit that search engine they would still find you. The interesting point about this analysis is that the 'freemium' model, where you give away the service for 'free' and them upgrade folks to 'pay' has a lower customer acquisition cost than the "advertise and convert" model. This has been a very successful strategy in the apps market for mobile devices as well. I did not see where the cost of hosting the free users was being factored into the acquisiton costs. Presumably a large number of people are 'free' users and there is certainly an operating cost associated with that, and over time that cost accrues against your acquisition costs. If the addressable market for 'free' use was 100x the size of the market for 'paid' use then you would be holding 100GB of data for every GB of data that you were being paid to hold. If you can net revenue for that paid GB to cover that cost then you're good to go, but if not you push back on the free size. Google offered everyone a GB of free email space when they started gmail but they understood that most people would not use a full GB. So in the 'hosted' storage space if you are going with a freemium model you've got a spectrum between '0' where your free customers aren't actually using your system and 'max' where your free customers are all pushing right to the limit. The other challenge with the 'freemium' model is that bandwidth costs do go up as you use more. So having a 1GB pipe to the internet might cost you $3K/month whereas having a 10GB pipe to the internet would cost you 20 - 25K$ /month. Generally those are 'burstable' prices where you pay for a minumum bandwidth usaga and you pay extra when you exceed your minimum (think minutes on your cell phone). Having and fully filling at 10GbE pipe to the internet can easily cost $50K/month. Lots of 'little' customers can do that without providing any return. So its harder to price out the 'free' customers into the total cost. Bottom line its a great way to analyze your web service to get a feel for whether or not you are really making money or you only think you are making money. I'm always curious about what people who are members of the 'long term unemployed' are doing while unemployed. There are big chunks of people who are unemployed with two strikes against them, they are under-educated and they are single parents. This double whammy kills you because if you aren't working you can't pay for day care, if you can't pay for day care then a big chunk of your time is taken up in providing day care (depending on the age of your children). So if you pick out the 'edge' case where you have: two work capable parents both with college degrees fewer than four children (all over the age of 5) There is an "easy" answer, upgrade your skills and/or education, get a job. I know a couple in Texas who did exactly that, the husband, went to community college, transferred to the state university system, and they are now 3 years unemployed and 1 year away from being a newly minted EE with a paid summer internship under their belt. They have recruiters talking to them at school but on my and others advice they are going to finish the degree before actually taking anyone up on those offers. I've talked with people for whom 'job hunting' wasn't an issue, until it was, and they only realized a year later that their previous experience really wasn't all that applicable to anything really. Nice, I knew it made too much sense not to have already been done in some form. I wonder if Google and Bing respect it. I understand the sarcasm, and I understand the fear, but do you understand the problem? The climate on this planet will change, whether or not we lower our carbon footprint. We should know this because it has changed while we (humans) were not here, and it is changing while we (humans) are here. Moderate climate change causes loss of habitat, significant change causes extinctions. That's not sarcasm, it is literally written in stone, the geologic record. Yes, human activity is changing the climate too, we've joined volcanoes, space junk, solar variance, biological blooms, and perhaps another half dozen yet undiscovered processes which affect climate on the planet. If you are rational you know there is absolutely no way that humans can counteract the changes to the climate that will be caused the next time Yellowstone erupts. If you are a geologist you know that Yellowstone will erupt, it's just a question of when. We are currently alive, and we have economic productivity that exceeds 58 trillion dollars per year [1]. We could apply some of that toward making our species immune to climate change. We could be selfish and make only part of our species immune to climate change (the 'developed' nations). But we should not waste capital and economic productivity on things that do not contribute to that goal. The science is great, and I am a huge fan of understanding all the variables. But misleading the public into believing if they just lower their carbon footprint the climate won't change is irresponsible at best. [1] http://www.google.com/publicdata?ds=wb-wdi&met_y=ny_gdp_... snarktastic response: But that doesn't answer the question :-) Google invents lots of things, and I suspect that you are correct that they honor sitemap, they also abandon things they once thought were the answer (QR codes, Wave, Etc.). Since I have my own CMS for web pages I'll try adding this to it's output and see what GoogleBot does with it. "I think its fair to say that someone who's had no break in their unemployment more than a year (assuming they aren't a full-time student, seriously ill, a stay-at-home parent, etc.) probably has something wrong with how they approach becoming employed, and a lot of those somethings would also negatively impact their performance as an employee." I suspect that captures the essence of why companies have this sort of policy. And, as you point out, its pretty straight forward to be "employed" if only self employed by creating your own business and running it. Amongst the many doomsday scenarios we hear about all the time, I notice that people often miss how rapidly we are developing our ability to 'hack' cells. Given exemplar bacteria in the Gulf that both consume and secret oil it seems a modest step to a bacteria that does this on command with various precursor agents. In the referenced article the scientists are finding ways to make post processing simpler. I've found that printing places have industrial shredders. And going paperless like this has a high initial load (lots of paper) followed by low load (incremental). If you are just dealing with the first surge then consider asking a Kinko's or equivalent like place if they will shred it for you. There are also professional shredding services that might give you a one-off deal which will be less than an industrial shredder. I did this (also with a scan snap) and its been great. One of the things I really like is taking back issues of magazines, pulling out the two or three articles I'm interested in, scanning them and then tossing the issue. This is a great read, although the tool seems predicated on transactions which both start and end in their mail system. "Fair Trade" WoW Gold, not that is a confluence of rackets. Given the information Blizzard has about gold creation and spending there isn't any reason they couldn't algorithmically 'fix' this problem both from the buyers and the sellers perspective. Its an excellent way to understand the problem. The next step would be to send 'cameras' which were in fact telemetry devices that returned a steady stream of their GPS co-ordinates through a wireless network. Presumably once you new the destination address you could co-ordinate setting up the necessary resources before your 'sale' arrived. You could in theory map out the network that way. It is an interesting variation on what I think of as 'crapitalism.' The increase in profitability at the expense of quality. As Ebert points out, crapitalism works because consumers let it work. If there are enough people willing to pay to have the lower quality product, then the motivation to supply the higher quality product is removed. What is missing is a good feedback mechanism for 'fixing' the problem. Let's accept that Ebert is correct in that the cost of the projectionist and their training is the dominant factor in the quality of the projection. Now take what it would cost to hire a projectionist that did quality projections, and raise ticket prices to cover that cost. As the theatre which charges a higher ticket price than any other theatre in the area, you will find you get fewer patrons, that will reduce the number of tickets sold so you will need an even higher price to cover the lower volume. But the higher price will reduce the size of your market. Once you cross the price where the per-person ticket cost exceeds the expected BluRay release cost, your attendance will drop to nearly zero. It is mentioned in the article that people already feel that the 'home' experience with bluray is better than their theatre experience (for some number fraction of people). The message here is that movie theatres are essentially already dead, but like some species of shark they haven't realized it yet. It's only a question of 'when' they will cease to exist. Interestingly this will be blamed on "piracy." But the actual issue will be that the industry has moved into a place where the cost of presenting the information (the 'movie') is exceeding the marginal value of that information to the consumer. That has occurred because not only do people have more choices on how to consume the information, the relative costs of those choices are shifting. A 55" 1080p LCD television is now under $1000. That is a 'durable good' (3 - 5yr lifetime) so represents less than $30/month at 3 yrs or $20/month at 5 yrs of cash flow. It costs $20 for two people to go to the movies, it costs I was thinking that digital projection would actually help theatres by reducing their labor costs but having seen a digital projection setup and the complexity and cost that are layered into the system to prevent copies from being made, the cost equation made things actually worse (you need more skill projectionists). It's an interesting choice of comparisons, why not use Vera Wang evening gowns? I mean its just fabric right? Except both Vera (who designs lovely evening wear) and Apple aren't actually playing the same game. A more apt comparison would be Windows based laptops. This is because a pre-requisite for this effect to occur is the ability to compete on price. Since everyone who has attempted to make compatible hardware that was cheaper than Apple but ran MacOS has been sued mercilessly into bankruptcy, using Apple in this case fails. Theaters, like MS Windows laptop makers, have a cost they have to bear and they pay a tax for a key ingredient in their product to a third party (the studios, or Microsoft depending on which we're talking about.) The product the consumer buys is a combination of the part the supplier got from someone else, and the part they made themselves. Their margin of course being their revenue above their costs. When, unlike in designer gowns or Apple equipment, there isn't a legal barrier to enter, multiple entities pop up to supply the demand. They compete on quality, feature sets, and price. The less maneuvering room they have around feature sets, the more they compete on quality and price. And the less sensitive the bulk of the market is to quality, they are left competing on price. I'm sure this is really obvious so I won't belabor the point. For me, that leaves the interesting challenge of finding ways to make quality a differentiator in a market with low barriers to entry. If you have any ideas on that I'd love to hear them, they would be the kind of things that let entrepreneurs break into and disrupt existing markets. Its axiomatic that every proposal should start with a statement of the problem. MacCready's insight was that building a human-powered aircraft was 'easy' if you knew how to build such a craft. (And in fact today you can take his work and build your own Gossamer creation) So the challenge was this was a search for a new airplane design methodology to explore the airplane design space, and that this 'meta' problem had a much different form of solution than the stated problem of 'build an airplane that does this.' The applicable insight for entrepreneurs is that if someone thinks solving problem 'x' in a cost effective (i.e. monetizable way) is "impossible", then the search is for new and different ways to solve 'x' which are more efficient than the well known ways. Too meta I know, sorry. I think you can state this in a different way, "Why would I invest in a company which will be killed by Google changing its mind about an API?" I imagine (but it's pure speculation) that folks like YC, other Angels, or early stage VC's should as their due diligence point out this risk and without a reasonable mitigation option pass on funding. This would 'self correct' folks who weren't doing the extra work. However for things where there isn't really a credible way to come up with an alternative you are kind of screwed. But then it would become a Google problem if they didn't get API adoption without offering some sort of indemnification in the event they need to take it back. I presume the 'translation abuse' is people using it to send spam in 141 different languages. If you pay for an API, and it doesn't work, you can show economic harm and that gives you a basis to sue. I know from experience that a number of Google's APIs are just some engineer's idea of how to hook into the data stored in the back end which Google puts out there for some easy (and free) goodwill but without any commitment ever to actually do the necessary foundational work to support it as a product (which they are really really bad at, in case you haven't noticed). So the point is they use the API internally, exposing it gives them additional testing and additional feedback on how to make it better. Once the cost incurred by offering it for free exceeeds the benefits of the testing they pull it back. Continuing to use the now 'well tested and well rounded' API internally. GOOG-411 was a great example of this. It was a great way to get voice samples from a lot of people by bartering a service. Once their voice training parameters weren't getting better they turn off the service, (cuts costs) but they still get the durable benefit of a well trained voice recognition library. I found Google's response humorous in light of the fairly draconian (and according to my attorney unenforcable) employment agreement they ask you to sign when you go to work there. But that is all part of the 'game' here. If you read this as Paypal negotiating to get some return out of the two years they paid their employees to negotiate a deal (which didn't close) it makes more sense. Lets say for the sake of argument that they pay them 200K/yr ($300K if you include benefits) and that they each vested 50K shares of Ebay stock, so maybe a $15/share gain on the stock over 2 years. That is $600K + $1.5M of 'cost' for the two execs ($2.1M) so settle out of court for $6M pay 2M to the lawyers and net $4M for the 'effort'. Really sounds more like positioning to be paid off rather than a serious complaint. I've always felt that some people were 'coders' who given an algorithm or a task can craft an elegant piece of code which implements that algorithm tweaked in any of a number of directions (fast, robust, testable, portable, Etc.) Other were 'analysts' who took problems and solved them with a combination of coding and process and perhaps hardware. Then there were 'techs' who, given a set of steps, translated those steps into something a machine could consume. Analysts seem to have the widest range in pay, coders are pretty bunched up around various levels of experience. I was going to say this as well. You need soil and water to plant crops but in the desert water is more valuable than the soil because its the harder commodity to obtain. In business solid execution is harder to get than new ideas, so it's true that having a good idea is important making it work is more so. The article says: "For Google, it was the idea of PageRank. Did search engines exist before? Sure they did. But it was that little spark of innovation, coupled with years of execution that got Google going. In fact even Google “borrowed” it’s idea of search advertising from what used to be called Goto.com and then became Overture.com. (Kudos to Bill Gross here for his role in Goto.com). That is a perfect example of how the idea mattered, but it also needed the execution to make it flourish." Which I think undermines the who 'ideas are important' theme. What was important about PageRank was the insight that it was an analog for social intent, and that social intent provided a useful ordering out of an otherwise random set of documents. Using that insight to design as document retrieval system which scaled and could operated cheaply enough made the insight useful . Its all mental gymnastics however until you put your money down. Then it becomes real. And its really hard to hand a check to someone you don't think can actually produce the thing they are talking about. I love creativity in a lawyer. I would include "Algorithms in C" by Sedgewick [1] and might tone down the wilder side (I mean it is important to understand the dark side of the force but not to dwell on it (unless you're an secops type)). [1] http://www.amazon.com/Algorithms-Parts-1-5-Bundle-Fundamenta... I find it amusing that they predicted 5Ghz chips in 2005 but that pretty much tanked with their inability to make a chip that could both run above 4Ghz and not desolder the holder it was in from its motherboard. If you will recall however, the last time Intel became obsessed with clock speed it gave AMD a chance to deliver us the Opteron and a 64 bit x86 extension so by all means I'm egging Intel on! :-) I think you unscientific impression is leading you astray. India has its share of problems, and it has its share of corrupt politicians. But it also has a pretty robust democracy and part of what returnees are bringing home is an appreciation for governments that work vs ones that don't. And when the people don't tolerate an ineffective government they change it. The other thing India is, is big. There is a lot of country there. While it's true you can find abject poverty and people manually crushing rocks with bigger rocks to make a handful of gravel to sell, you can also find vibrant urban centers with shopping centers and affluence that would make you think you were back in Europe or the US. Its an interesting transition, and if they pull it off they will become a threat to China. But their economic development also puts a damper on some of the saber rattling too. My own take on it is that nothing but good can come of India developing its economy into a completely vertically integrated one. I believe if they are successful they will be a threat to China's economic growth and their border disputes may spill out into more explicit hostilities. From an economic standpoint they may be able to put together cost competitive manufacturing facilities with a better quality of life for their workers. That, coupled with the increasingly forceful way in which China struggles to maintain its margins are threatening the delicate balance in China between the benefit of hard currency and the challenge of an upwardly mobile workforce. (or not which would turn out to be the problem) As more companies are put under pressure to avoid doing business with companies like FoxConn and the ability to keep information about working conditions in China out of the press is reduced. It makes for a challenging environment for the Chinese. To have a neighbor state pick up the slack with workers who, if they are successful can move on to big houses and a more affluent lifestyle, and are thus both happier and more productive in their jobs. That is the threat economically. If India were to provide a ready market for Afghanistan's raw mineral wealth, that too could be problematic for the Chinese. Its a category I think of as 'hard interfaces' to soft data. I agree that its a bit too light weight to make into a business just yet as there are easy substitutions (GCalendar and Exchange offer similar functionality) But as a subscription service / API for another web property to hook into (a middleware layer if you will) it might get some traction with an e-vite or a Meetup type site. "I believe that software patents should not exist. They are a tax on innovation. And software is closer to media than it is to hardware. Patenting software is like patenting music." This is what I fear. I worry this idea will take hold and we'll get copyright protection for software 'design' instead of patent protection, and then that happens, the Lodsys crap will have a lifetime of 85 years not 20. We need to be able to protect someone's innovation so that they aren't screwed over by some larger competitor taking their idea and running with it. That need is real and continues to exist, we need patents. Let's argue for the real problem here, we also need a better system for dumping things that should not have been patented in the first place because they fail the 'novel' test. We need jurists that understand the technology they are being asked to evaluate, and we need to require at least three people 'skilled in the art' to sit in on juries in patent hearings. I might even go so far as to create special patent juries for these cases. We need a better way of reviewing a patent and validating it against the state of the art. What we don't need is to convince policy makers that software is like 'music.' And we don't need people believing that we don't need any protection for people's work should they choose to take advantage of those protections. Its absolutely true. The exact same effect occurs in restaurants and floral arrangements. There is a fixed cost, we'll call it X, to get the {book/meal/arrangement) made, the marginal cost of {paper/food/flowers) is small relative to the fixed cost and yet is the dominant factor in perceived value. Understanding this you can use it to your advantage. You can boost the percieved value of a book or meal or floral arrangement by boosting its pages, vegetables, or flowers. The recipient will feel better about getting and the buyer will feel better about paying for something with a higher perceived value. Copyright is provided for the expression of a work. So if I tell the story of a girl who wears a red cloak and visits her ailing grandmother who lives in a remote estate, only to find her grandmother has been eaten by an anthromorphized wolf. I run the risk of violating the copyright on the story of Little Red Riding Hood. Except that it was a folk tale before 1900 and yet even though its 'out of copyright' there is a pall over whether or not Google can show you their scanned copy from 1909 of the story illustrated by artists at the time. My thesis is quite simple; 1) There must be a doctrine for protecting the origination and implementation of complex systems, whether their components are manufactured from solid materials or are simply algorithmic components. You'll recall that software patents came to be when it was shown that implementation via software was indistinguishable from implementation in hardware for some classes of problem. Your "first mover' advantage is worthless if someone else controls all the distribution. Further, not all software efforts are 'trivial' and while we see those stories all the time I don't believe you could make a similar argument for the implementation of assymetric cryptography as a 'trivial' software patent. 2) The current system is clearly flawed in many ways, but the concept is not. 3) Pushing otherwise technologically illiterate but 'wanting to help' policy makers toward the concept that all software is more like creating 'art' than it like creating 'machines.' Would have the un-intended side effect of having those policy makers moving the necessary protection doctrine to the only other set of laws we have which are copyright. Copyright, being even more easily argued than software, has been completely corrupted by media 'barons' and their efforts around the world. Which is why the question of whether or not I could legally copy a book printed in 1900 about a story that was 'old' even then, is currently 'questionable' whereas building a steam engine and selling it for profit is not. Just out of curiosity, when is the last time you talked with your representative in Congress? (I know, I'm assuming you are based in the USA) I ask because I find a high correlation between this particular point of view : "entity 'x' whom is unassailable, is corrupting the politician I voted in to represent me." And people who have neither voted, nor talked with any representative who was either elected or was trying to be elected. Here is my idea on 'what to do' here, let me know if it sounds reasonable or not. My idea is that a group of technologists work with Congress and the Patent and Trademark office to take a look at the existing processes and goals and then put together a program for moving the existing patent law into something that makes sense and serves the needs of inventors without creating opportunities for commercial extortion. Worth a shot? Excellent! That is another great way to help out. I tell people that democracy is a participation sport, it's so much more effective to do something about your concerns than to simply complain about them, and doing something isn't all that hard. "A new scheme we uncover today allows anyone to setup a honeypot and make hundreds of thousands of dollars from naive file-sharers." If this was the result then it would be a Good Thing. Whether you agree with the laws or not, file sharing stuff you don't have a right to have a copy of is, in fact, illegal. And if these troll type lawyers create enough noise in the space and scare off (or educate) all of the naive file sharers then it will make the interwebs a better place. You drive faster on than the speed limit on the freeway you know what's at risk and if you get a ticket you know why you got it. I'm very much in favor of making sure that people know when they are on the wrong side of the current law and where the line is. Then I can talk to them about whether or not they will join me in bringing sanity to where the line is :-) It would be interesting if Google came out with an Adsense for Content policy which said "We won't pay share advertising revenue on sites which host duplicated or scraped content." That would put a huge dent in this sort of thing. I remember noticing on Google's Q4 2010 earnings report that the revenue they got from Adsense for Content happened to be almost exactly the same amount of 'free cash' flow they had that quarter. So clearly its not something they would be interested in jeopardizing. No, it would not be hard. As someone who operates the backend of a web search company[1] I can tell you that if you crawl a site you can tell when the original went up and when the copies went up. At Blekko, we let you go an view it.[2] Now if you add to that the understanding that Google has to index your page in order to serve page relevant content (no sense putting ads for nipple piercing on a Christian advocacy site for example), they know they are serving an advertisement on duplicated content. (where 'know' here is defined to be they have all the data they need, at the time of serving up the ad, to algorithmically identify duplicate content.) When I worked there I got a pretty thorough look at how that part of the business worked. They could flag the account and they could cut them off (its in their terms of service they can cut you off for any reason, and have done so to people in the past) but they don't . Given recent updates in their search ranking [3] they clearly can "identify" sites where this check would be implemented, but they choose not to. I speculate they don't for the same reason Apple doesn't look too hard or deeply at the working conditions at FoxConn, willfull blindness is a wonderful thing. [1] I run operations at http://blekko.com [2] http://blekko.com/ws/http:%2F%2Ftheoatmeal.com%2F+/domaindup... [3] http://jeffmills.com/2011/01/29/duplicate-content-is-now-a-p... "If Titan Media has masqueraded their porn as something that is freely available would you feel the same way?" Of course not. But that isn't what they did, and if they did it wouldn't really be a 'honeypot' is now would it? There are actually laws against creating an 'attractive nuisance.' And while I know the 'information wants to be free' crowd hates the message I did say stuff you you don't have a right to have a copy of explicitly. And like it or not, going over to a friends house, and ripping one of their CDs which they bought and taking home the MP3s is not a write the distributor/seller of the CD gave you, and its not "fair use" by any definition. I get that people disagree with copyright law, I disagree too, but I don't subscribe to the theory that one only has to obey laws they agree with. If you want to be civilly disobedient like folks who were fighting for their civil rights then you want to be arrested and charged so that you can bring visibility to your protest, however if you copy a CD or video or game because you think someone is charging to much or is unrealistic in their opinion of its value, then its you, the copyright violator, who is wrong. "A person has no idea that they are violating the copyright of copyright holder X when they download the file." And this is my whole point. Everyone knows the correct way to get copyrighted content from the internet. You use iTunes, or Amazon's MP3 service, or NetFlix, or Hulu, or any number of services. Everyone also knows that when you get a legal copy of a copyrighted work there will be a 'payment' or a 'subscription' involved. Naive people (I choose not to use the pejorative 'stupid' in this case) should know that any downloading of a copyrighted work which doesn't involve a subscription, or a fee, is nearly always illegal. This sort of action might train them with this fact. Can you share information which is CC licensed or out of copyright or public domain? Absolutely. And I don't believe Titan Media or anyone else would be successful in pursuing someone by 'tricking' them with a filename that would otherwise be legitimate. They could certainly try to sue you but any lawyer could move for a dismissal based on the clients beleif that the material was what it said it was, and deleted it immediately when they discovered it was not. There is no way to prove any sort of intent to violate copyright that way. Look of the case of Tracy Lords and her underage pornos where the buyer wasn't liable for child porn because she had represented to the production company and the production company had represented to the customer that everyone in the production was of legal age. So if this educates a few thousand people that trying to get free copies of copyrighted stuff over the Internet is illegal and to stop trying (that would the educating the naive part) then its a good thing. To my way of thinking I'd like to see a species of grass that factors 2048 bit integers. Figuring that once a factorization was found it would express a gene which turned to color of the blade red, then every week after you mow you lawn you could look through your clippings to find the red ones, sequence those and then see if you had the keys to any banks. :-) Ask your lawyer about intent [1] some time. It could be educational. You are claiming that because the copyrighted work they attempted to download contained a different copyrighted work that the owner of the actual work that got downloaded lacks standing [2]. And it may be that the argument supports a summary dismissal, however it can be reasonably argued that the person intended to download a copyrighted work in the first place. My point (#3 go at this, then I give up) is that educating people who are naive (which is to say don't know any better) that downloading copyrighted material from the web without the express permission of the copyright holder is illegal, and thus if they wanted access to that work they should seek out a legal source for it, is a positive outcome for what is otherwise a pointless and wasteful exercise. [1] http://legal-dictionary.thefreedictionary.com/intent [2] http://encyclopedia.thefreedictionary.com/legal+standing Except this isn't 'gossip' this is an analysis of the S-1 filing. And a commentary on the sad state of hucksterism in the technology community. I like GroupOn's concept but I share the sentiment that some of the folks in the inner circle are taking advantage. "IANAL, but in this case I would assume that 'those consequences' would be that copyright holder X was harmed. If that's the case, then there was no way that the user intended to harm copyright holder X by downloading something they thought was by copyright holder Y." You're comment is what a lawyer would use in an argument that the plaintiff lacks standing. And it certainly might prevail in this case (I've not seen a copy of the pleading). But if you look at this thread (or at least my contributions to it) you'll notice that I've never expressed any opinion one way or another about whether or not Titan Media will prevail in its efforts. I make only three claims; 1) People sued by Titan Media will feel inconvienienced by it and they will associate the suit with their action of downloading "something" from the internet. 2) Those people will associate 'downloading stuff from the internet' with this inconvience. 3) They (and their friends who had to listen to their tale) will stop doing this because the 'risk' has risen above the 'reward.' I used the short hand of relating this process as 'educating the naive.' I stand by that analysis. Sigh, I can't edit it, but yes the jeffmills pop underish thing is really annoying. Skip [3] and refer to this article from SearchEngineLand on the impact of their duplicate content detection: http://searchengineland.com/your-sites-traffic-has-plummeted... Their strategy reminds me most of the telecom strategy in the 90's. Since as many have pointed out there are few barriers to entry, one possible strategy is to get so big so fast that your the 800lb gorilla before anyone realizes the opportunity. That said, their losses do seem to be coming down relative to their revenue which would imply they have some idea of the 'recipe' that would make money in this space and are spending capital on growth. But the really egregious thing that stands out, is that if the "early investors" had taken only a third of the billion dollars off the table, rather than the 80% or so they did take, we probably wouldn't be having this discussion. Rather they would have enough money in the bank to fund this growth rate and converge on an operating profit (see point above) at or just before going public. If this kills them, and startups are full of the 'one decision' that in hindsight took them from the launch rail to the fail rail, they will have no one to blame but their investors. Well Amazon is a high volume relatively low margin business which is valued at a bit over two times revenue. So if they stablize out at a revenue of $4 - $6B/yr it might make sense to value them at $8 - $12B.