Forget notoriety. University football generates a ton of money, and since we live in a capitalist society, the people in profit centers tend to get paid a lot than people in cost centers. If you have an email account somewhere with spamassassin, send some mails there, then look at the headers to see how SA scores you. Fix what's indicated and repeat. Not a 100% solution but it helps. Interesting bug here - the ip in the link is 209.85.173.104. The address of the site shown after the link in brackets is 104.173.85.209. I found the article to be pretty bad. It made me think of Marc Andreesen's critique of the Economist predictions - this one struck me as a technologist writing about non-technology, and badly at that. "On average, tappers expected listeners to get it right about half the time." Clearly the tappers were morons, because the minute I read that sentence it seemed off by several factors of magnitude. Both digg and reddit have karma systems so that each vote is not equal. I think that as a social news site grows (or any community), you have to subdivide the community somehow - essentially create a collection of niche sites. Who cares? I don't mean to be flippant, this just seems like the definition of something that only matters to a lot of self-important bloggers. That big 3rd paragraph seems to be the center of bogosity. "Her comparison helps to delineate differences between the two groups and provides a useful format for discussions." Translated that means - this is some bogus education theory that has no scientific basis behind it, and if you take action based on it, then whatever mess you create is your own fault. I had to take a survey course on education research during my postgrad days - the first thing the prof said was that basically education is a research ghetto where every half-baked methodology, and every bit of post-modern drivel can find a home. The "get your contacts from external sites" script may be a violation of the other TOSs, but more importantly it's a violation of your contacts' privacy. They didn't say you could give their info to facebook. They forgot to mention the rampant age discrimination. Why would any intelligent person go into a career where you basically become unemployable at 40? It's hard for me to come up with examples that would be relevant to you and that I can talk about, probably because it is illegal in the US (so they're careful). When I lived in Europe I would do a lot of telephone interviews, and in general people were impressed, but invariably they would end with "We just need one more thing - we need your date of birth for our records." I'd give that and there would be no callback. Once I lied about my birth date (a friend had told me that european laws allowed that). It resulted in the first offer I got during that search. The company I worked for (in Europe) at that time asked if they could put my age down as 39 (I was 40 at the time) on their about page. I can't really say that my latest experience was entirely about age, but it was unpleasant. Google my name (Owen Byrne) and it will be obvious. I built a fairly prominent website. Chances are you've heard of my "co-founders." but not me. Oh, hell. Lawyers ain't going to do anything about me mentioning the site. http://digg.com . You have probably heard of it. I was kinda shocked back in business school to learn that the age of an entrepreneur is a significant factor in success - the older you are the more likely you are to succeed. The explanation was that you have more contacts, more experience, and more money. That being said, there's probably no better way to increase your chances of success than failing miserably, preferably several times. The canonical example is Ray Kroc, who took over a little company called "McDonalds" starting at age 53. 47, co-founder, digg.com. Correct me if I'm wrong but hasn't "Comet" been around for ages? - the only change is that someone has put a catchy name to it. Or is it something more than using iframes to keep a connection open to the server and stream live data over that connection? Gotta give two thumbs up to that first point. I completely underestimated how emotional I am, and how much that interfered with my work. "Choose math because you will make more money." I could rant at length, but instead I'll just quote Greenspun: "Adjusted for IQ, quantitative skills, and working hours, jobs in science are the lowest paid in the United States." http://philip.greenspun.com/careers/women-in-science High school math starts you down that road. Other parts of his argument are better. digg.com got $50k from the founder of textamerica.com. We did some cross-linking at the time. Before that it was all Kevin's savings. He was a programmer once. Because we all say that. Many many times. I drove a Suzuki Swift (same car as the Metro) for a decade. Cost me $10k (Canadian back when they were cheap), never spent a cent to maintain it. Gas, I never noticed actually spending money on it ;-) It wasn't the cheapest configuration, though, it had 4 cylinders (as opposed to 3) and 14" inch tires instead of 13". I think the bandwidth problem can be addressed by learning about your router and blocking (or go meet and make friends with) the neighbour stealing it. But not blocking out casual users - ubiquitous bandwidth is the goal. I love the sentiment -- both subversive and welcoming -- like the best of the hippies. All you need is love! Though somewhere down the road, when the hippie experience turns into Altamont, is every person with a home network going to have a privacy policy? Will we all have to buy the same software the hotels and airports use just to avoid liability? For example, what happens if two people connect to your home network both without your knowledge, one does something bad involving your network and the other person's computer? Serial killer bad? Giant liability bills ensue. All too much. Make people engage, then engage them again, maybe one more time for the late comers, they'll find the signup. VCs like registered users, but if you do things right, and make it easy for users to register when they want to, they're an inevitable result of page views. I don't know. Are they? Putting it into a more emotionally charged version for us all - you can do a startup on your own and sell it for $1 million. Or you can be partners with someone who will do no work and take all the credit, but then the company will sell for $110 million, of which you will get 1% or $1.1 million. It's the VC value proposition ;-) Seems to me that recession == unemployment. I'd make a guess that contributing to open source is attractive to unemployed people because it's a good way to "audition" for a job. So I'd vote for "yes." Nice article as far as it goes. I've always felt that the productivity of all developers is affected greatly by all the other mundane tasks that surround the programming - communications, deployment, answering the phone, logging in, futzing in general - and that they are much better targets for productivity improvement. That's why I find the recent rails vs. php deployment discussion very interesting. I've been working on a django app for a while, and while I enjoy the language and framework, I suspect any (slim) productivity increase I have gained will be negated by the deployment. you need to validate the input more. Not including a site gave me an ugly error message. Learnings? From looking at his site, it doesn't appear that english is his second language. Lots of stuff on valleywag about jobster, e.g. http://valleywag.com/tech/startup-hell/jobsters-death-march-... How is that different from the "comments" link? Other than you don't have to login. I used to love the National Enquirer ;-) I love Valleywag too. I think that the "eyeball" model is fine, as long as you're not spending too much money to get those eyeballs, which was the problem with web 1.0. Debian I met Chris McKinstry in Winnipeg, Canada in 1995. I was not very impressed - he wanted to start a course on linux sysadmin or something... - with me doing pretty well everything except collecting the money... and he couldn't even organize it properly. He struck me as a scammer, though obviously it's only a thin line between that and "Internet entrepreneur." Great stuff. I'd buy the e-book except I hate e-books. Wonder if there is a real book available? 11. Don't ask for overtime ;-) It's all about networking, I guess. I've met Scoble a few times, he seemed to make the proper assessment in that in his world I'm not very important - I'm just a programmer. It's all about PR, too. Oh, and I hope that I made the proper assessment too. He doesn't really matter in my world. I got mentioned! Yay! The real digg office is the irc channel. With remote people and weird hours, that's where most of the work (and water cooler talk) happens. I missed a large part of grade 10 because of moving and travelling. When time came to register for school (in Montreal, Quebec) the public school system wanted me to repeat grade 10 because I had missed so much. I and my parents found a private school that had entrance exams, and they let me take both the grade 10 and grade 11 exams. Passed the grade 11 one, and went right into grade 11. I think Youtube doesn't belong here, the motivation and process to create and post a video are quite different from posting a link. He also forgot about flickr (though he has a flickr photo stream) and stumbleupon - 2 Canadian companies that had successful exits. I'm reminded of the Niels Bohr quote (which I can't find now) about how Quantum Physics overcame Newtonian Physics in academia - something to the effect of "we waited till all those who believed in Newtonian Physics died." Big companies are like that - nearly impervious to change. They won't change -- they'll die. They're dying now. Before it was a rumor. This time there's an actual official looking document outlining the offer on MS's website. I think that qualifies as "different." The original article accused Canadians of being too concerned with "proving themselves to their big brother." I would just like to point to the following blog post: http://www.jgc.org/blog/2008/02/digg-heat-map.html to show why we do that. The article basically makes the assertion that most digg users are American, because most of the signups happen during times where Americans are at work. Not like there is another country sharing those same timezones. Shouldn't Clayton Bellmor's say ? (class instead of id, hyphen instead of underscore). I guess maybe he's saying he's unique. Ray Kurzweil has been milking the AI teat for a very long time. He's a futurist without much future. I got to this part (well in): "Sweden is a file sharer's heaven. Its laws protect internet service providers from being sued for what passes through their networks, which gives them little incentive to turn downloaders over to groups like the R.I.A.A. or the M.P.A.A." and I thought the article is kind of interesting once you get past the smarmy bullshit. But at that particular part the bullshit seemed to overflow the container. I'm reasonably sure that in most countries, including the USA, ISPs are protected from being sued for what passes over their networks. I did read the rest of the article. Some of us read for fun, and his writing is fun! What you describe as "irrelevant" others of us see as "exposition." He follows a fairly well established tradition of using stuff unrelated to programming to illustrate programming (see Joel Spolsky and Philip Greenspun for more irrelevancies). I've lived in the US, and I had to look at the dollar bills I happen to have in my wallet. Green, yes, but did they add other colors recently? Not a very foreigner-friendly question. The problem with technical questions, is that no matter how simple, people here will argue about the correct answer ;-). Unless we just give up and say that "It depends" is always correct. This may sound weird, but I've come to prefer lying face-down on the floor with a laptop in front of me. I think it's because that's how I did homework as a kid (in front of the TV). So my ideal office would have to support that. Having been through this experience, I think the best way is to try and get a job in the US with a visa, then work on the startup on the side. If you can get funded, everything gets a lot easier. Unless of course you're wealthy to start with. My experience is the thing about ownership isn't true, and I can think of plenty of people who are counter-examples. Me (own shares in digg.com), Daniel Burka (digg, pownce), Tara Hunt (Citizen Agency). All three in the US on TN visas. Reddit started out as a blatant copy of digg, which was 6 months old when reddit launched. I think that sort of invalidates large parts of this essay. Some digg copy from Dec. 2004: " What's Digg? Digg is a technology news website that combines social bookmarking, blogging, RSS, and non-hierarchical editorial control. With digg, users submit stories for review, but rather than allowing an editor to decide which stories go on the homepage, the users do." Reddit copy from August 2005: "A source for what's new and popular on the web--customized for you. We want to democratize the traditional model by giving editorial control to the people who use the site, not those who run it. All of the content on reddit is from users who are rewarded for good submissions (and punished for bad ones) by their peers. You decide what appears on your front page and simultaneously, which submissions rise to fame or fall into obscurity." And, yes, I realize there was nothing completely original about digg, the idea was originally done by kuro5hin, yadda, yadda, and I actually have plenty of respect for PG and the reddit guys. I'm just saying.... Book has been sitting on my shelf forever since I found it in a clearance bin. Now I'll actually (try to) read it! Well, that made me laugh. Hmmm, except they don't seem to be. I filled out the forms and got a "we've reserved a post for you when we open up to the public" message. Am I missing something? I love the part about "LAMP is everywhere now--these types of technologies no one heard of 18 months ago are all the sudden becoming a hot commodity." I have an old newspaper clipping from 2000 with a full-page photo of Linus on the front page of the business section from Canada's Globe & Mail (the country's largest newspaper). Perhaps that will inspire the clueless recruiters to only look for The stuff that happened after we were funded (I've left the company) probably had a lot to do with my age, and the type of conventional wisdom (i.e. bullshit) that is out there and espoused by some of these commenters. Remember that on the internet, noone knows you're a dog (or an old dog). Sarah Lacey wrote the puff-piece we've all seen on digg, and was quite amenable to leaving founder no. 3 out of the picture. So from my heart, I just want to say... she can go f*ck herself. Random guess - one of the "Big Five" http://www.cfo.com/article.cfm/3003864?f=search 47, took the GRE last year. Scored kinda well.. but it also felt kind of empty. Like wow, I'm still good at high school math. Yeah, my bad. I mixed up comments. Or maybe I mixed up visas. Which is about the easiest thing in the world. I feel the urge for a poll. "Orientated" vs. "Oriented" http://www.askoxford.com/asktheexperts/faq/aboutgrammar/orie... Though it's not mentioned there, the big difference is that Greenspun was talking about squeezing the last drop of productivity from pretty well paid programmers. And with appropriate bumps in salary to go with that extra productivity. Calacanis is apparently talking about people making $35k a year, in LA. This seems like it should have been studied long ago. I guess it takes a while for academia to get new monitors (and notice that they have bigger ones available). So the obvious question is... how many sock puppet accounts does Arrington already have here? He admitted to 5 at digg, I think. Sometimes I come here first thing in the morning and it's 75% techcrunch. These things were seen as no-risk, basically like money market funds. Some startups have raised 8 digit numbers of money, and they have a CFO, and that CFO would be neglecting his fiduciary duty if he left millions in an account that earned 0.25% interest. I was saying that safer alternatives to money market funds (i.e. checking accounts) pay 0.25% interest. I guess it came out a little unclear. These were seem as just another kind of money market fund, 100% safe. To keep money in a checking account rather than putting it into a perceived safe investment that paid a higher rate without sacrificing liquidity, would be neglecting fiduciary responsibilty. O' Reilly's "Dynamic HTML" is probably my most well-used book. My experience confirms that. I didn't get the job, which could be an argument that I'm bitter or something, but I told the first, second, and third recruiter I talked to that I probably wasn't interested in the position offered. Anyway beyond the "I'm not interested/come in anyway" the interview process was pretty broken. The first two interviewers somehow were given the resume of someone who had the same name as me but wasn't me (or something, it was never clear how they ended up with the wrong resume). That's US visitors. They're based in the UK and that's where they've been most successful. Techcrunch says 22 million uniques. Your simple solution has a chicken and egg problem. Or at least according to the article linked to. The whole point of dressing fashionably is to get a girlfriend. Though they didn't actually tell me that I was an "outsource" rather than a "founder" till later. In fact they never really told me that at all, just left me to read the press. Oh, and just to complete the thought, I would say that non-programmer founders are far from screwed. I left the company in October. Still hoping for "stinking rich." I'd certainly be open to building your app, but I'd probably want some specific things in writing this time around. I have a book left over from my b-school days that I often dip back into. It's called "The Entrepreneurial Venture" and it's sort of like "Founders at Work" if that had been written by Harvard Business School professors. http://www.amazon.com/Entrepreneurial-Venture-Practice-Manag... I know that in this group it probably provides an alternative perspective. here, techmeme, nytimes. (money.cnn.com would be next). Messing around mostly. The problem with outsourcing now is that I'm in Canada. I could charge exactly the same in C$ as I charged in 2002, and Americans will pay 50% more. Unless I can target a european audience, and then you get into the language issues. I've been helping a friend with his site, learning lisp thanks to the bad influences here ;-), and trying to create an interesting website. The last one is difficult. Thanks for asking! Loans cheaper? I think you're dreaming. The problem with your "standard economic theory" is that it fails to account for how much smaller a part of the world's economy the US is. The way to leave risk behind is to leave the US and invest elsewhere. I think we will see that happen at a greater scale now. I think EU startups will do very well. Attacking anything from Apple is a great way to generate traffic. The site seems to have done that, since I can't get there to read the story. I think there are a lot of people who bought macs because they are trendy, but for me (and probably a lot of other people here) the appeal is that they run unix with a nice gui. The EU includes a lot of countries where laws are less rigid, and costs lower. Lithuania, Romania, etc. I'm sure there's a pretty long list of European companies with successful exits. Skype, last.fm, jaiku, etc. The fact that someone named "RightClickCheater" is at the top of your leaderboard (and way out in front) raises some concerns. Seems to me that it's less about tone and more about providing immediate results to the user. Xobni could just make the extra effort to get possible solutions from their "answer search" or "community forums" and put them on that page. The problem is of course, that after taxes (you forgot those), and inflation, 5% interest is really more like -0.5% return. Startup hiring manager: big positive BigCo hiring manager: mild negative People who hire generally look for the candidate that "fits" overall before passing the candidate on to more specific people. At a startup that's probably a bigger issue than at a large company, just because the culture is more malleable. It is? That hasn't been my experience. In my job hunt, and I'll admit that I'm well away from the center of things, my last position (co-founder of digg) is a distinct negative. Most hiring managers haven't heard of it, question why I'm not mentioned more prominently, etc, worry that I will leave for some other pie-in-the-sky startup. The only interest I get is from early stage startups. But again, it's all about fit. If you're 22 and messing with startups it looks like youthful experimentation. If you're 45 and messing with startups you get passed over. This is the under-publicized reason why people do startups - because they can't find an appropriate job. I was reading an article a while back about "older" entrepreneurs (mostly successful ones). Almost every one of them said their main motivation was lack of career opportunities. Not one mention of the most likely cause, which is demographics. Break-ins are a young person's game, the number of young people have declined. Oh, and just one counterexample to the "Everybody has everything now.": Canon 1Ds Mark III - 21 megapixels, full frame sensor, $8k. I lust for it, but don't own one. June 6 = D-Day. Nice. Dunno. I think that's why they call it a "black" market. I know that Thomas Hawk had his 5D (only $3k for that) stolen while on vacation. A former HR professor had a theory for this. According to him the key to understanding American management is that homogeneity is crucial. Middle managers (and that's the path to the top) are almost always white males (though white females are increasingly acceptable) in the 115-130 IQ range. Lower and you're dumb, higher and you're a flake (or not a team player). So I found it interesting that they mentioned the 130 as a cutoff for the school where the students generally led "ordinary" lives. My main problem is that this is for people who got caught. If all criminals have something in common with entrepreneurs, then it seems logical to assume that this program isn't getting the cream of the crop (those who don't get caught). Though perhaps that group succeeds without any help or notoriety. I'm sure the people who he raised money from are really thrilled by that picture and it's association with their money. I'm sure it's a good recipe, but I couldn't stop laughing after "soak a cedar plank." While I realize that YCombinator is trying to change this, here's my startup experience. 1. Inspired by PG's rhetoric, go into partnership with semi-famous TV talk show host to build site. 2. Work ass off for 9 months. Site grows like gangbusters, VCs banging on the doors. 3. VCs/Partner bring in new CEO. Partner/CEO fill every position above entry level with new hires. 4. My job is now 9-5, cubicle, no chance of advancement. 5. CEO and partner now described as "founders" in the press. So I mostly followed PG's advice, only to end up in the exact same mind-numbing job he's saying to avoid. I got some equity. Some day it might actually be worth something. I was participating in a conversation about how being a founder is better than being an employee, and pointing out that they often end up exactly the same (except for the equity). I edited the post a little, remembering that I do still have friends there. Managing investors is important, and that means you have to think about their perception. Though I was probably a little unfair, part of Calacanis's job is to make things look glamorous and exciting. The thing is there's a difference between the equity of management founders, and "non-management founders" which is basically just that the former get a seat at the table at any negotiations, and the latter doesn't. I actually didn't know there were non-management founders till I got to California (you hear occasionally about them - linkedin has one). And the thing I also learned is that liquidity of equity is more important than the percentage. And I don't think that Kevin added all the value in the beginning. He was significantly less famous at that point, and in fact was about to become unemployed. Many of his coworkers tried to launch sites around the same time, with nearly as much fame, and they all failed. There was a lot of luck. That is the hope. I pretty well knew what was going to happen the day I met our new CEO. I was not prepared for the extent of the bullshit. I didn't mean to inject my bitch-fest into this thread, my point is that the idea that being a founder is going to lead to a job where you have control and independence, can run into a big road block as soon as you take VC money. It's important to get stuff clear with your co-founders before you sign anything. Here's one clue. I was 44 when we started. I think that explains some of what happened and also why I put up with for as long as I did (as someone said above, letting the media-attractive people parade before the cameras was good for the company). And yes, I'm waiting (sometime impatiently) for the exit, and if I get what I'm supposed to get, I'll be back here apologizing for every bitchy comment. I actually liked "Silicon Snake Oil." I think he believed that what I call the techno-optimists oversold things, and he probably was too extreme in opposition (because that's how debate works). But his original point is probably just as true today - the pollyanna-ish "technology will cure everything" side is still dominant,and there is no question that negative things about the internet get glossed over. The reality is in the middle somewhere. Philip and Alex's Guide to Web Publishing: http://philip.greenspun.com/panda and other Greenspun writings. Yes the technical stuff in that book is dated, but what I really liked was the approach to building websites (and companies) from "first principles," rather than just trying to copy what other people were doing. Also since I was trying to write a Ph.D. thesis, it was just a revelation to see that MIT accepted something interesting and readable for his thesis. To paraphrase my lawyer, sometimes companies can be very creative about what the standard "Proprietary Inventions and Information" agreement covers. And any advice I give can basically be summed up as "get your own lawyer early." Haha. Step 1 - post it on Hacker News ;-) Is that a question or advice? Either way I did quit. I'd probably agree with "paid very well", "loved the team", "earned every bit", etc. The problem was that the job went from something I loved (small team, a variety of responsibilities, lots of opportunity) to something I didn't like at all (head-down coding). Which is all I really wanted to point out. The writer's grasp of probability is almost as bad as the graphic. That last quote reminded me of something I just read on gigaom: "Seesmic is a video startup I’ve shied away from writing about too often, because I’m not sure I really get it. But I figure if so many smart people think there’s something good going on here, I should keep an eye on what the company is doing." That's everything I disliked about silicon valley right there. Your last sentence sounds like a great example of survivorship bias. The ones who took more risks are all dead ;-) So if you're an engineer with an MBA, it's a wash? Little known fact is that originally the MBA program was specifically designed for engineers. It was supposed to address the needs of engineers who were rising the management ranks. I know when I did mine, I generally looked down on the people who did their undergrads in business (why exactly are you taking the same courses again?). You're sick of the PR creation. This is an old article, and seems pretty authentic. Lots of interesting stuff. That's because it is a mysterious process -- so much of it seems to be at the discretion of the USCIS examiner. I think the best advice is to consult an immigration lawyer. Not only because they know about the law (which I find is actually pretty hit and miss) but having a letter from a lawyer included in your application gives you a little more legitimacy. That would be the guy who produced this: http://news.ycombinator.com/item?id=143333 It's fun to see him live having enjoyed his books. Damn. Same thought, less karma! The whole article is kind of warped by it's insistence on the word "stolen." Digg owed a lot to websites that came before it, but there was no stealing. As a matter of fact, Joshua Schachter of del.icio.us provided a lot of useful advice early on. twitter is a good counterexample. I'd really like to know how friendfeed works, uses apis, and how it is in any way legal. All of the sites it aggregates have non-commercial APIs. So how does that work? Sweetheart deals all round? Is it just because they don't have ads yet? The blog article with a link to chapter one of the study can be found here: http://blogs.ft.com/crookblog/2008/03/the-dumbing-of-america... Seems to be a position paper used to support higher H1B limits. But I found the bit about "immigrant entrepreneurs" to be interesting. Quote: "The survey found a substantial rise in the share of immigrant- founded venture capital–backed companies in America. The share rose from just 7 percent in 1970–80 to 20 percent in 1980–89" These arguments probably would not last as long if you actually track down the source. Because chances are they have addressed your objections. From the study, which is linked from the blog post which can be found above: "It is important to note that no attempt is made in figure 1.3 to “adjust for quality differences” in tertiary educational experiences between countries. Of course, not every university around the globe is a Harvard, Stanford, Cambridge, or Indian Institute of Technology, so invariably considerable “skill aspects” are not included in ﬁ gure 1.3. Such comparisons are significantly beyond the scope of this policy analysis. However, following the axiom that tertiary training is what principally enables individuals to quickly grasp new complex subjects and therefore makes it easier to train them on the (especially services-sector) job, it seems evident that in terms of describing the overall level of high-skilled workers in different countries’ workforces, any impact of quality differences among universities will be swamped by the quantitative differences in tertiary skill uptake depicted in figure 1.3.16" Digg has a couple. If you view source and go to the bottom of the page you'll see: those constants spell out (of course) digg. Barely an easter egg, but thought I'd throw it in. There's a key-sequence that mimics a cheat from some game that will expand the comments completely. You can search digg for it if you're curious. I think that because websites do change more often than desktop environments, people don't look for easter eggs with the same passion. And maybe because the effort involved in building and distributing a website is so much less than building and distributing a desktop application, that makes it more ephemeral, and programmers less likely to put in the time to build elaborate hidden functionality. The constants thing was there for over a year before anyone noticed it. That's the one I meant in the last part of my post. Philip was more interesting before he retired. There was some optimism mixed in with the bile. In case I was a little too indirect for you, that was not an ad-hominem attack, it was a criticism of the article disguised as an ad-hominem attack. And as I said in a comment on Philip's blog, all of the stuff he is talking about is priced into the exchange rate. And since the dollar's value has dropped drastically in the last few years, the US has been a terrible investment for the last few years. Going forward, it might not be so bad, because all the bad news has been priced into the exchange rate (perhaps). I had lunch with Mr. Greenspun once upon a time. I remarked after, that it was amazing how he managed to insult all seven nationalities at the table in an hour long lunch. But his writings before the Ars-Digita blowup and subsequent settlement were much more enjoyable because they had a "call to action" of sorts. Things were crappy, but you as an individual could make a difference. Now his writing is basically "the world is screwed, and Americans are morons for not realizing it." Ah, one interview question I know the right answer to. Q: What computer do you have at home A: I have five. Q: What OS do they run? A: All of them. ;-) I would tend to agree that YC cookie-cutter clones are probably not going to succeed, but there are probably niches that are underserved. One that immediately comes to mind, just from the various discussions here, is the "I want to found a company, but I'm not in the US, and there's no such thing as a company founder visa." Digg had 5 million plus monthly uniques 4 months after launch. And probably double by the Series A, 9 months in. As I recall anyway. You probably get a grace period after you leave your jobs that might be close to the 3 months required for YC. At least as a start. If you're working in the country already it's unlikely you can use that. I tried to switch to a tourist visa after leaving my job (was on a TN). Denied - they said that I failed to reestablish residency in the foreign country. I'll chime in with "Turn down the brightness." Monitors seem to come with it turned up too high by default - probably because it looks better on display in a store. It was an interesting deck of slides. For those of you who don't have time to go through them, the answer was "35.08% of users used tag clouds at least once in a while." For posterity - digg on TechTv: http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=W1_YoG7lqI4 True. We were chugging along, growing about 20% a month, 4 months in, when that story appeared on digg and then got indexed by yahoo (we were no.1 and no.3 for the search "paris hilton phone"). Traffic doubled instantly. That should underline the importance of SEO. Get your friends to link to your site. Seen in SF: http://flickr.com/photos/ojbyrne/224171975/ :-) Hmm, extrapolating from the article, I guess I should get some credit for reddit's success because of my involvement with digg. Where's my cut? ;-) Seriously though I regret not meeting the reddit guys. I felt a certain kinship with them during the crazy days of 2005. Now I'm just jealous of their exit. I love "Little Room." I could link to my blog post about it a while back, or blather some more, but I think I'll just play the song. 106 python 76 ls 67 emacs 63 cd 28 mysql 24 sudo 17 history 10 mv 9 ssh 6 rm I moved from Canada to Spain, ate and drank to excess, but lost 30 pounds in a year. Why? Because I started running, working up to the point where half-marathons were routine. The climate was a contributor, but I think the key was just stepping out of my current milieu into somewhere where I could easily change my lifestyle without any of the old triggers. As previously mentioned, the 83(b) election is the key thing. It just means you elect to get taxed on the stock when it is sold rather than when it's received. I think I judge languages by slightly different criteria from the rest of the people here. Tcl got me 2 jobs. So I can't help but praise it. What RDBMS's don't have caching? If we're talking about mysql, there's a query cache, a data cache, more... I feel a hint of castigation in that small comment, and it's been bugging me for the last few days ;-) Yes, I admit it, I don't spend my day in emacs. Too many things don't work quite right inside the emacs shell. The thing about scaling is, if your site is popular, you have to keep doing it - because as you make the site serve more pages, there is unmet demand that suddenly appears and has to be met. So unless you know the traffic trends at twitter, you can't really judge how good a job he has done. It could be that they've scaled to 5x, but the demand has grown 10x. That looks interesting, though the words "released by Oracle" might give one pause. Having a fairly unhealthy obsession with entrepreneurship, and having actually read some of the research, rather than generalizing from my own experience, there is one basic reason why VC funding works better than bootstrapping. That is that small companies (less than roughly a million $ in revenue) are much more likely to be hurt by random events - key employees leaving, acts of god, macroeconomic events, etc. Getting big isn't just about making millions, it's about increasing the chances of survival. And when you hear a bootstrapped company talking about their path as the only way to go, just repeat the words "survivorship bias" to yourself. Funny, same thing happened at digg: http://digg.com/users/albertpacino Every expert that weighs in on the future of oil makes me feel more certain the price is going to be back to $30 a bbl in 6 months. Because that's exactly what happened before. Not entirely serious, but there are an enormous number of blowhards coming out of the woodwork. And it did happen before. Better speak French if you choose Montreal because of the language laws. Otherwise you might be in for a shock when you discover that speaking English is not an acceptable job requirement. A friend of mine used an adsense campaign with ads pointing to a poll. Seemed to work well. I'm a Bill 101 refugee (yes I'm old!) but I really loved living in Montreal. Other than the language issues (and you're probably correct in downplaying them) it's a great city. And (other than the language issues) a great place for startups. Is it irrational or just people seeing beyond the boundaries of the experiment? Once the first trade is offered, it seems like human nature to think - "this isn't necessarily the end of the experiment - choosing the free one is the safe choice because it's possible I might get offered the same deal again, perhaps even multiple times, as long as I have chocolate kisses left." It would be fun to try and find a blogger who meets that standard. I guess that depends on everyone's perception of "done whatever they could to make it work." As the article implies, they might have forgotten as simple a thing as actually listening to what other people suggest. 10 million was my initial thought as well. Having worked as a programmer and spending time at B-school, I'm about to tell you the secret that explains all the conflicts between managers and programmers. Many is the programmer who's said "I get more done after midnight than most people do the rest of the day." But at B-school the saying goes "I get more done before 8 AM than most people do the rest of the day." And therein lies the problem. ;-) That would be right around the time they stopped listening to me. No I'm not egotistical ;-) I probably would have fit in better there if I had been. Actually I know quite a few couples where that's the case. Not all startups mind you, I have this musician friend... But I've seen the "wife has high paying job with steady income, husband is kinda fly-by-night" pattern often enough that I wonder if other people see it too. I never did find that kind of a women myself. Damn! It doesn't really talk about competition. Since this is common sense, it's inevitable that people will pile into whatever business you're talking about until profits go to zero. If you're in a commodity business like, uh, pens, you're going to be worrying about the lower limit on your income - wishing you had one. Sometimes I'm amazed by the innumeracy (or perhaps it's just being US-centric) of people who seem to be in positions of importance. "Everybody pays more, but the U.S. pays more in absolute terms," said Lee Shipper, a visiting scholar at the University of California Berkeley's Transportation Center. If you're already paying $4 in taxes, said Schipper, then an extra $2 a gallon isn't that big of a deal." From some random cruising around wikipedia, there's an obvious flaw with that logic. Most fuel taxes around the world are sales taxes, and either based on a percent of the underlying price, or if they are an absolute price per gallon, they are adjusted periodically based on inflation. So any price increase is going to be magnified by the increase in taxes - people in countries with higher taxes will see the same proportional increase, and a larger absolute increase. In addition, in that quote above, he seems to have meant to say "relative" where he said "absolute." I commented on the blogger's post that I don't think this is really accurate. It doesn't take into account smaller volumes of submissions in the middle of the night, i.e. it looks at the absolute number of items being made popular rather than the probability of any particular link being made popular. This is not entirely clear because the aiderss ranking algorithm is opaque, but I still think its the case. I just found the part of the article I highlighted to be kind of stupid, especially coming from a Berkeley "visiting scholar." Though I'm not quite sure how important that title is (random guess - not very), it's important enough to be mentioned in the article. Scoble's job seems to be to promote new startups. The article would have been much more interesting if after his whole "smell" thing, he ended up saying this one smells bad. But because its a positive article, one is left wondering why he couldn't actually come up with something substantive, that the best thing he could think of to say was that the company had a nice aroma. After reading over it again, I wonder if he was misquoted. Because, if you take into account exchange rates, then the US probably is probably paying more on an absolute basis. But it doesn't say anything about exchange rates. That would be my bet. Wasn't it BEA that Oracle did that to? Perhaps they did it more than once. I'm running 3.0b5 on a macbook pro with only a few extensions, and it crashes constantly. I upgraded because 2 seemed to crash even more. There's one in every crowd. It used to be legacy users, now it's people who emulate legacy users ;-) Because we're not dumbasses. Give it a few days and I think it will become clear that he is. In this particular instance, yes. My immediate response is - is there an ulterior motive for this post? Investors screwing around with Ning? Yes, I'll have to admit, I'm the dumbass. Which is a great lesson for me - I can't predict the stock market. There's a good question. The basic sort algorithm that most people have seen in real life is "selection sort" - it's the algorithm people use to sort cards in, for example, bridge. Find the highest ranking card, put it in the leftmost position, find the next highest ranking card, put it in the next leftmost position, etc. That would be the "naive" algorithm, and it's the slowest, and the first takeaway is that it doesn't scale - it degrades badly the more things you have to sort (Just imagine having a 100 card hand in some expanded card deck - finding the highest ranking card is a problem that the human mind does reasonably well with, but computers have to look at each of those 100 cards one-by-one to figure out which is the highest ranking). So people have developed interesting algorithms that overcome the limitations of the "naive" algo. One key technique used in a lot of the algorithms is "recursion" - basically divide and conquer. It's used in most of the fast algos - quicksort, mergesort, etc. They all divide the whole data set into smaller data sets (in various ways), sort those smaller data sets (which may involve further subdivisions), and then merge them back together (and that gets more complex with the subdivisions). The closest real life characterization of these kinds of algorithms (back to cards) is that they're sort of like sorting the cards and getting all the odd numbers properly sorted in your left hand and then getting all the even numbers sorted in your right hand, and then "riffling" them together in a way that they the odds and the evens mix perfectly. Another key thing that algorithms deal with is "degenerate" or worst cases. Imagine you are dealt a perfectly sorted card hand, except in reverse order. The "naive" algorithm spends a bunch of time reversing the order (take the rightmost card, put it in the leftmost position, get the next rightmost card, put it second from the left,etc, repeat until done) while better algos provide performance nearly the same as almost fully sorted lists (almost equivalent to - leave it the way it is, and mentally assume the opposite side means higher ranked). And that's it for my regurgitation of school days. Yeah, its weak. Friday night. It definitely does read like something I've written on a standardized test's essay section. In Silicon Valley, the name of the author is sometimes valued more highly than his or her writing ability. Ah, you're right. I keep mixing up the Gillmors - Dan can write reasonably well, Steve seems to be trying to do some kind of reverse-Turing test. It's a fairly standard theory (search for "Boom, Bust and Echo") that the generation after the baby boomers are hurt by demographics - compared to not just the generation before, but also the generation after, they suffer from lower salaries, less job prospects, and less satisfying careers overall. But as soon as they mentioned someone 24 years old - part of the "echo" generation who, in general, can expect the exact opposite - I decided they were just making shit up. My mother lives a block away. Just a phone call would have been kind of rude ;-) It also seems like he tries to deflect the argument by saying that people are saying Ruby (the language) doesn't scale, and then ridiculing them for that, when in fact people are saying Rails (the architecture) doesn't scale. Al? It would be nice to have an interactive demo, because I think it would take a lot of getting used to. I guess on a phone you don't have to compete quite as much against touch-typing for the advertised "efficiency." Only if you don't plan to have employees. Sooo.. that's basically a third-hand report (since Sarah presumably wasn't at the meeting). Techcrunch really sucks lately. I looked up Brazil's per capita income and it's just under $5k a year. The jobs mentioned pay $50k a year. I posted that in a comment at the blog, it has not exited moderation yet :-( I would argue that this is trolling/linkbait and not much more. And that's isn't coming out of ignorance of Philip's writings, I've read most (all) of his stuff and once bought extra copies of Philip and Alex's Guide to give away as gifts. My experience is that in the corporate world (i.e. non software products) women dominate IT. I once had the pleasure to work in an IT department where I was the only male. The API you're talking about is authenticated SMTP. I think he's just talking about setting the From: header. I've seen both approaches - but it seems clear you'll get a better response using the individual's email. The Top N lists feel so much like digg. Books are pretty personal decisions - the first page included a few large, challenging books that personally I couldn't be bothered with, and it really felt like stuff was shoehorned in just because it was "supposed" to be there. But I have read other large challenging books and been rewarded, so maybe that's just me. Personally I'd recommend - read more than 100 books. - read "Catch 22" - the blurb here does not do justice to how funny the book is. I still remember how much my sides hurt. I used two pretty big sites (kayak.com and nytimes.com) in the last couple of days that put my email in the From: header. Admittedly as a result of my specific action, but that's a user contract issue rather than getting through spam filters - which they didn't seem to have a problem with. Just to illustrate the gist of what both of us are saying, I loved "Catcher in the Rye." It was my disaffected youth, so I identified strongly with Holden Caulfield. No vertical scale seems kinda chart-junky. The point is obvious, but lack of a scale (even just something to indicate that it's linear and with a lower limit of 0) casts some doubt on the point its trying to prove. One thing I wonder, there have been a slew of these articles which probably push (at least somewhat) people to use online services to store their life. Will customs agents ask for passwords to your gmail, facebook, etc? If they aren't doing that now, how long before they do? http://mail.your.org/pipermail/v6test/2008-May/000054.html (May 1): "Everything is pretty much ready for launch, we're just waiting for content at this point. I've got 8 quad-core boxes working feverishly to transcode the videos I have already into several formats, which is about 50% of the videos that will be there for launch. The other 50% is hopefully on its way soon, and we're good to go." This should be intuitive to CS people. You spend your whole life packing stuff into memory. Eventually it gets too large for your RAM, and some of it gets swapped out to secondary storage. ;-) Tis the season... As I recall, way back before we had social news, mailing lists (even the most technical) would end up filled with political discussion in the runnup to the US presidential election. Because even if you're a geek, you're affected by politics. And even if you're in the Antarctic, you're affected by US politics. I'm guessing that's not going to be the best job ever. Maybe it's Second Life stigma, but I don't think so. I'm not a big fan of Mr. Gillmor, but some of this was nearly cogent, and even funny. And it seems to me, the fact that friendfeed is entirely parasitic makes one wonder how it can survive once it actually starts to compete with the sites it aggregates. Of course the same thing could have been of google once upon a time. "Perhaps" is a good word. Not to be snarky, just that the result is still in doubt. You have to be large relative to the sites you're aggregating to "drive" traffic. There's one rather large difference between Hacker News driving traffic to Techcrunch, and FriendFeed driving traffic to twitter. Hacker News doesn't actually scrape techcrunch or get it's content via an api. From a practical viewpoint (and this is why I used the word parasite - not to be pejorative, but to indicate that FF is entirely dependent on its hosts), Friendfeed could be shutdown tomorrow by the sources. If they're using APIs, then just about every api out there is for non-commercial use, and if they're scraping, then an appropriate robots.txt, backed up by IP blocking and lawyers, does the trick. I wondered about that too - so I googled it. "free and open source software, also F/OSS, FOSS, or FLOSS (for Free/Libre/Open Source Software)" http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/FOSS I find this article to be interesting in light of your comment. It's about 20-somethings scrimping, working crappy jobs, lots of sacrifices, just so they can live in NYC: http://www.nytimes.com/2008/05/25/nyregion/25scrimp.html I'm sure that it's a quality job, but most people are more interested in a quality career, and they generally perceive that not too many quality careers happen in rural Kansas. Not that aren't any, but there are probably exponentially fewer than in the nearest large city. Since the food prices are rising primarily due to the price of gas, perhaps there'll be a lot of farming jobs (even careers!) nearer to major cities. I think he rather succinctly managed to prove the opposite of his point. I do especially like "Is it better to change Milan’s diapers or answer another email?" I think diapers are a little more time-sensitive than just about any email. Ok, a lot more time-sensitive. I've been to different places in the world but the same ideas popped into my head: Barcelona: Party naked but watch your backpack. Toronto: Buy land north of here. Amsterdam: There's no work done here at all. London: Next time, bring more money. Um, I was actually picking cities I've lived in or spent a lot of time in. Yes I was being flippant, I don't think I was being completely ignorant. You have to login (or register) to see that. It's kind of fun to look for pairs with the biggest number of links. And challenging. I can't seem to get above 4 clicks. GWB and random phrases are fun: http://www.netsoc.tcd.ie/~mu/cgi-bin/shortpath.cgi?from=cleo... http://www.netsoc.tcd.ie/~mu/cgi-bin/shortpath.cgi?from=amyg... I found some weirdness with case: http://www.netsoc.tcd.ie/~mu/cgi-bin/shortpath.cgi?from=lake... returns an error but http://www.netsoc.tcd.ie/~mu/cgi-bin/shortpath.cgi?from=Lake... does not nor does http://www.netsoc.tcd.ie/~mu/cgi-bin/shortpath.cgi?from=Lake... nor http://www.netsoc.tcd.ie/~mu/cgi-bin/shortpath.cgi?from=Lake... which is weird. Overall a pretty cool timesink. Perhaps more... http://www.netsoc.tcd.ie/~mu/cgi-bin/shortpath.cgi?from=idea... (You knew it was gonna be THEIR fault, didn't you, you just wanted to be PC and not say anything ;-)) I've got servers up there now. though apparently not with reliable dns yet. The writer says about everybody's mom: "She will never use Twitter, it’s too complicated for her." Personally I think my mother will never use twitter because it's too narcissistic for her, and she'd probably be insulted by the implication that entering text in a text box is too difficult. I couldn't get past the stupidity and self-importance of that sentence. Then perhaps it needs a rewrite that doesn't insult everyone's mom. "Your mom is unlikely to grok twitter..." "So if you ever hire an architect and tell him or her to create something cool enough to put in a portfolio to show to potential clients, and you invite the architect to make a beautiful and useful space instead of a cheap and nasty space, the architect will love you and go to the ends of the earth to figure out ways to raise the ceilings another 2 inches." Sounds a lot like web design/development. To save others some time they put up info on alternate resolvers: NTT x.ns.verio.net 129.250.35.250 NTT y.ns.verio.net 129.250.35.251 H2 67.15.31.131 H2 66.98.240.131 http://forums.theplanet.com/index.php?s=&showtopic=90185... Sorry for the thread hijack, but I'm curious about people's use of monitors as tv replacements. I don't have a tv - instead my second monitor has hdmi input, and I use that for my very infrequent tv watching. I think that the quality of the image isn't all that it should or could be, and wondering if other people have found ways to get better quality HD on a computer monitor. The 40GB number made me think, hmmm, you could ship a person a hard drive full of stuff every month cheaper than that. It could be like a netflix meets bittorrent business model ;-) I have a small enough room that my 27" monitor works nicely. However I read about HD features - "advanced signal processing, comb filter, blah, blah, blah" - that suggest that my monitor might not be as good quality as a TV just because it isn't optimized for that. I don't have a tv to compare it to unfortunately, but I see things like motion blur, crappy blacks, that make me think it could be better. Well, yeah. The smiley was a stand-in for the feds. Actually you can use the function o($name) { return(htmlspecialchars($name));} which lo, and behold, looks a lot like the rails candidate below. Been there, done that. :-) And for those about to downmod me, it was digg in Feb. 2005 and Paris Hilton's cell phone got hacked, and we were the no.1 and no. 3 results on yahoo search for "Paris Hilton Cell Phone" out of the blue. It sounds like they did a better job than I did. A lot of these companies seem to be already funded. You've inspired me for some reason to defend the site (I'll admit to bias, check my profile). Digg is very highly trafficked site, and the content might not be to the liking of the people here, but it started just like most of the companies that inspire everyone here that I've interacted with. Along the way it's done some cool stuff, created jobs for coders and inspired a raft of imitators. Don't know why you inspired me to speak up. And concerning the current problem, avoiding XSS and CSRF holes demand vigilance, especially with the many, many demands put on programmers at startups. Perhaps only with php, but I think programmers are often clever enough to work around almost any constraints, and sometimes they see security as a constraint. Digg always attracted users interested in proving their mettle by finding security holes, and as a result the developers are pretty vigilant about fixing holes. Concerning the content of digg, well, it's an adventure ;-). As it's grown, it's left lots of room in its wake for other (maybe better) communities to develop. "low-level utility code that helped apps run on particular pieces of hardware." s/low-level utility code/APIs/ s/particular pieces of hardware/individual websites/ Most recently I've seen one on plurk.com. They seem to be spreading like a virus - hopefully this article will help to turn people against them. That's a pretty poor argument to support your thesis. There are plenty better ones out there, some of them straight from Arrington's mouth, i.e. he's basically said the key to techcrunch's success is that they don't have to go through the whole verification process that other media outlets do - in other words - take everything he says with a grain of salt. Just to nitpick: Valuation != $$$. The amount of money Ning raised in its last round ($60 M) is big enough. I posted this here so it would get the ridicule it deserves. My favorite quote (because it's true): "given that they control more household spend than men." Hard to accept cries of "discrimination" when all indications are that women already control more than their share (of wealth, power, whatever measure you would like). There's probably only 20% women engineers because any obviously competent woman immediately gets promoted to management. So, bitch warning ahead... the karma barrier is really high here. I posted the parent link that this blog entry is based on, it's still in not-front-page-purgatory. And it has exactly one point less, and I've been hanging around for a while here, don't have much less karma than the poster of this story. And the exact same number of comments. http://news.ycombinator.com/item?id=210812 There's some inspiring parts there, not quite scientific. "It is better to be skeptical about matters of large consequences" Just that clause is arresting. Trust me, you're wrong about "bad border officials." And having been in that room (at a different airport) 3 times, you also downplay the unpleasantness of it. I'm curious if you went through the fingerprint/mugshot process - can't remember if they bring that out on the first refusal or not. Anyway everytime you get refused they seem to amp up the harassment. I'm reasonably sure if I tried to reapply, they'd be doing body-cavity searches. Yeah, I should shut up too ;-) A quote I bring up whenever I deal with job interviews where it's obvious the employer likes effort more than results: "We will encourage you to develop the three great virtues of a programmer: laziness, impatience, and hubris." - Larry Wall I'm hoping to get a job. Can't think of a better gift for my dad ;-) Sure, if messages were evenly distributed over the day. I think it's the bursty nature of the traffic that causes the scaling issues. A better estimate would probably assume that half that daily traffic is within 1 hour - i.e. 1.5 million/(60*60) = 417 messages/second. "Pannick said, adding that one threat was to treat the matter as a terrorism case, resulting in a possible 60-year term." I seem to recall some rhetoric from republicans about how there was, no way, ever, that they'd abuse the Patriot Act. Having come up against the dress code issue recently - the standard advice is to make your best guess about the dress code hierarchy and dress one level higher than the job you're applying for. The covering letter should be seen as the chance to make an argument as to why you're the right person for this specific job. You shouldn't really have a template for your covering letter. Edward Deming ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/W._Edwards_Deming ) is probably the original proponent of this idea. He believed that the best motivator is essentially pride - a job well done is its own reward - and that good management means eliminating anything that gets in the way of that, including incentive programs. Cooking for Engineers seems like it's in a nice market niche (underserved, high-income customers) with plenty of potential. A better design, some PR (maybe this 37signals post indicates that's happening) and I could see it doing very well. Obviously I use and enjoy the site myself. Just to expand on my own point, his theories owe a lot to Maslow's Hierarchy of Needs ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Maslow%27s_hierarchy_of_needs ). You have to satisfy more "base" needs (shelter, salary, self-esteem) but the key motivator for intelligent people is opportunity for "self-actualization." The HN guidelines say: "If you had to reduce it to a sentence, the answer might be: anything that gratifies one's intellectual curiosity." I think this qualifies. Except that he's talking about "startups" not "successful startups." As you said, productivity is essentially revenue per employee, and there's lots of startups out there where that is a small number (and not growing fast). The WSJ says that Obama hasn't defined it either. It also isn't clear what the cited study in the blog post says, though the title ("Productivity Differences across Employers: The Roles of Employer Size, Age, and Human Capital") of the paper does suggest it is for all startups. Link in case someone is an AEA member (to get through the paywall): http://econpapers.repec.org/article/aeaaecrev/v_3A89_3Ay_3A1... I'm disappointed that it doesn't encompass the "tin-smithing" letter. Except that digg looks beautiful and is a joy to use. I'd like to use the phrase "compared to myspace" because it makes my point clearer in this context but it also cheapens digg. So I'll say "compared to just about anybody." You just need to get rejected a bunch of times because you're a nice guy, resulting in plummeting self-esteem, which naturally leads to multiple substance abuse problems and a penchant for bar fights. Then you'll have to resort to petty crime to support your habits, which leads to you getting caught, eventually enough times to go to prison - and, bingo, when you get out you can get the women who rejected you before :-) I think what happens is that eventually there aren't enough "good" links out there that haven't been submitted, but there's still a demand to be filled. Newspapers keep "filler" stories around for that eventuality ("slow news day"). I think the same thing happens on social news sites - especially ones that grow - because the demand (for new stuff) eventually outstrips the supply (of good new stuff). There are, however, plenty of people out there saying he passed away and "RIP." I managed to find the bit where he talks about "passing away": http://youtube.com/watch?v=RrvyrxUpibg&feature=related (starting around 4:30). I feel an impulse to post it in a comment on every blog or article that uses a death euphemism (I did http://searchengineland.com/080623-082447.php already :-)). The business press is where journalists become hacks. Access to executives generally involves so much stroking that fact-checking, integrity, and good writing are all put aside. Especially if they're executives at companies that happen to advertise in your magazine/newspaper/website. Certainly the people leaving their jobs fits my theory. Giving up your integrity is not for everyone. And in searching for your sources on Enron I couldn't help but notice that the few good articles were swamped by the bad ones. Enron was Fortune's "most innovative" company for five years straight. This was the part of the article that resonated the most with me. I wonder if this is the mechanism by which startups end up as big companies with totally useless IT departments - the people who built the stuff become identified as pessimists, and get starved for resources, good people leave, end up in a vicious cycle. Great post. Having both a downvote and "flag" on comments seems a bit too much. Nobody seems to spam the comments, and trolls get downvoted. I found that piece to be not well thought out when it first appeared. For starters, it makes the argument that because Thursday is the best day to post, and noon the best time, therefore Thursday at noon is the best time to post. Which does not follow. Plus it talks about time zones a bit, but doesn't seem to clue into the fact that using a different timezone for your data would actually change your per-day results. I find if you go for a walk, it can help. Not as good as a nap but it can make you more alert for the rest of the day. Plus it seems to be more acceptable in the workplace to actually disappear for a half hour than it is to nap. I just finished building something with a nice salted hash for storing the passwords. The client complained that it was too "confusing" for him, and asked me to change it to storing the password in plaintext :-(. And yet a fairly large company does trust him to keep their database secured. All I can do is present the argument, and then acquiesce. That's why they call them "clients." I'm glad to see people calling out the google "sharing our data - in an iframe" strategy as bogus. Philip and Alex's Guide to Web Publishing. Somewhat related to your last paragraph, I recently saw (on a mailing list) a diagram touting the increased productivity of using a wiki as a knowledge-base rather than informal emails with documents attached, and the way it had the workflow diagrammed, the entire productivity increase was due to not having to open Word attachments. I didn't really have a point, but if I did, it wasn't in support of the wiki idea (or at least not using "productivity" as a way to sell it). I think the article inadvertantly points out another reason why CFOs get paid a lot - make a mistake and you can end up in prison for a decade. As someone who's about to start a job as a "boss", I'm going to take "Even if we went to business school, that was two years spent, long-long ago." to heart. Wishing for an article like "80% of your employees hate you: what to do" Second last sentence: "I do admit that considering my experience with CodeIgniter, I might have inadvertently set it up optimally without doing the same to the other two frameworks." I felt a little cheated reading that at the very end of the piece, might be better to put it near the beginning. Duh. Early retirement is a euphemism for "fuck you" money. That's what people really want. I'll second the "Programming Collective Intelligence" recommendation. It's a good introduction to the field. How long can you not practice medicine before your skills deteriorate and your knowledge become obsolete? Probably just as fast as it happens to programmers. I think his point is that only Yahoo and Google get the tools, and he's singling out Google as having the clout that's required to force Adobe to make them available for all the search engines. Because they're big and they're big on Net Neutrality. I note that it was a website banned here that first broke that story. On the scale of bitching about digg (which I'm known to do :-)) this one doesn't rank. Given the various power laws out there, I'd say that it's actually pretty diverse. The people at the top, for whatever reason, work very hard to get there. It seems like twitter is taking fail to new levels every day. Explain Plan? Isn't that oracle? I ask because there is an "EXPLN" link that gives you what I think you're asking for. You could probably get this from the digg api, lurkers coming from various traffic figures out there. I'd guess the proportion of lurkers is actually a little higher than that. That's a newspaper/magazine publisher. I find this hilarious, because back in the day (mid-nineties) most companies in that industry used Macs. Many IT departments probably completed the switchover to PCs in the early part of this decade (standardization was probably the primary reason) - and now they have to switch back. As an aside, http://venturehacks.com is a great site for questions like this. This sure made me think of the recent "Don't talk to police" thread. I'm not saying he's innocent or anything, and clearly murder is a bad thing (which sounds trite and insensitive), but it just seems like a really bad move on his part. Maybe it got sold to him as saving his own ass, but it seems like it did the opposite. Being convicted is only part of the process - there's appeals, and appeals, and more appeals. And again, apologies if I sound insensitive. I don't know any of the individuals belonged, and murders are so often in the news that it's easy to discuss them without any real emotion. It seems like people are missing the point. "But if you aim higher, you must work differently. Instead of stuffing your sentences with straw, you must try steadily to get rid of the padding, to make your sentences lean and tough. If you are really working at it, your first draft will greatly exceed the required total, and then you will work it down." Then the 500 words becomes a constraint rather than a goal, and constraints make for great writing. And that's how the limits were originally intended. Either I skipped right over those 2 paragraphs, or it wasn't there when I read the article. It says "Updated at 20:11 PDT" Either way my point has been invalidated. I'm not big on flagging stuff, but inspirational messages from celebrities seems the exact opposite of hacker news. And I don't think you can argue that MJ has demonstrated his ability to succeed in realms other than basketball. Well, he seems to be big on gambling. The other MJ in that picture might actually be more inspirational, what with the HIV and all, and seemingly still having a successful career after basketball. Please. http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Phil_Knight Anyway I'm gonna post Oprah's secrets to success and see how that goes over. Actually that's my point. It's PR fluff, and platitudes, and nothing resembling genius. It's even a top ten list. 5 word summary: Programming is hard, payment motivates. The one thing that stands out for me is that TripLog has inadvertently generated a ton of publicity (and maybe a bunch of people willing to offer free help). The next version will have a professional UI and sell a gazillion copies. Sell to whom exactly? Marc has also been quoted as saying "Never sell a company while it's still growing." In both cases he seems to ignore the motivation of the buyer. ... or the founder's access to VC money. Yes, but now he's on the board of NowPublic. As well as a partner at GarageVentures. Should make it easy for NowPublic to raise more money. I.e. I'm characterizing it as a thinly described bribe. I have no idea if that's true, of course. I don't think he's trying to dump old media stocks - he's trying to promote new media. The natural way to do that is to attack the "dinosaurs" that are being replaced. In my opinion the problems old media have is that they're tied to existing cost structures - too many employees, too many buildings, machinery,... while new media is busy accumulating all those same things in order to gain credibility, reliability, and scale and to look like real businesses. What's going to happen is that old media will shed those old costs and new media will grow and accumulate new costs until it is no longer possible to tell the difference between them. Other than "thinly described" :-(. Noticed it too late, now it's there forever. I believe his argument is that just about everything outside the kernel came from the FSF. It's not entirely implausible but he is obnoxious about it. Apparently just insisting that it be called "GNU/Linux" wasn't too successful. If you're willing to forego working with your brain in favor of physical labor, western Canada is probably one of the few places in the world that you can make a 6 digit income right out of high school. I feel a bond... "He has, however, plunged into a quixotic and surprisingly adept legal effort to challenge the company's registered trademark. In addition, he's using the experience of publicly criticizing Facebook to inform his own startup." I think YC has the answer to the third question. Don't take VC money - or at least delay it as long as possible. The more money and the further you get away from founding, the less your contribution is really worth, unless your role expands with the company - and that's often difficult once the VC's management team arrives. I don't know if he's for real, but he seems persistent and intelligent, typical traits for a founder. Zuckerberg doesn't really seem all that smart. Oil, natural resources in general, driving construction like you said. Saskatchewan (to the east of Alberta) has some oil, but also has the world's largest supply of potash, the price of which has tripled over the last few years. And British Columbia to the west has the 2010 Winter Olympics driving construction. As I recall from some marketing class or other - to use a concrete word like Apple, it can't be indicative of the product's function. So the use of the name Apple for a computer company doesn't in any way restrict other companies from entering that market. But naming something after the offline function that it implements - that does affect other companies trying to enter that market. I.e. if instead of Apple they'd chosen PC Computers - it likely would not have been a valid trademark. And if you were an apple producer and tried to call yourself Apple Inc., sorry that's no good either. IANAL, obviously. 35 people found it interesting enough, and it's somewhat science based, and the submission guidelines don't preclude it. Why would it not be on HN? It reminds me of the guy who mapped out the exact best spots for each day of the year to take pictures of the sun setting underneath the Golden Gate bridge, and he was a hacker, and was interested in that. Wish I could find that page... "most usable and creative city." I think you need to travel more. "usable and creative" is fine, but "most" I object to. I love New York, but I also love Barcelona, Montreal, London and San Francisco. The best cities are a bit like beautiful women - uniquely great each in their own way. Josh Hartnett, David Bowie. It's gonna suck. Though props for the obscure reference to the first season of Saturday Night Live. Landshark? Someone has already done the real thing,and everyone should watch that rather than give money to bullshit Hollywood movies: http://www.imdb.com/title/tt0256408/ The New York Times said that it would double the national debt instantly. Pretty scary. I apologize for the pejorative tone. I overreacted to the word "most." It's entirely possible, of course, that all the cities we're talking about are too large to be the best city, that in fact smaller cities (I'm in one right now - Ottawa, Canada) actually function better overall. Phrasing stuff as a tautology sort of kills any discussion. History is full of examples of technology advances killing business models. The problem isn't the "free" part because the alternatives will end up costing money in some way (ad-supported at the very least), but the giant cost drivers that the now-dead model is stuck with. Buildings, machinery and people - too many of them. I have always liked his stuff, and I read and liked Designing Web Usability, but the enterprise-ish pricing on the real meat of his research annoys me immensely. E.g. "Usability of Intranet Portals A Report from the Trenches: Experiences From Real-Life Portal Projects 3rd Edition 343 pages PDF format $348 for a single report, $698 for the report and a site license to make copies within your organization and place on your intranet. (No shipping/handling fees will be added: it's a download.)" The parenthetical statement is hilarious. Site Licenses for books are hilarious. If so, I'd guess that the business of selling educational material to corporate customers is probably ripe for something disruptive. And PCs used to cost $3000. Now they cost $500 (other than Macs). Operating systems used to require consultants and were priced for enterprises, until Windows came along and completely changed the market. There's lot of instances where a dramatic cut in price opened a new market for products, and it sure seems like this is the case here. I also find the whole "site licensing" of PDFs (which obviously means DRM) kind of obnoxious. Finally I find that the useit.com approach of putting up short parts of reports, followed by a link to the paid report, to be borderline sleazy. Perhaps I'm influenced by the "free" culture that is so pervasive these days. Totally off-topic (except that it's linked from the article) but techcrunch's reddit clone is hilariously and pathetically empty. More on topic, I'd like to see more options to customize the "editorial policy" of your site - how many votes to get promoted, how user karma works, how sites get blocked, manual overrides, and so on. I find when I compare HN and Digg, I'm struck by how the sites have come to reflect the personalities of the people who founded them. Here it's hyper-technical and it makes you think twice about commenting frivolously, because of the potential for what seems like infinite downvoting and its effect on karma. Digg is pretty frivolous and all over the place, perhaps because karma is not visible to users, and downvoting doesn't have the same direct effect on karma. My point being that the personalities behind the site shape the content - even if the engine is "democratic", the constant tweaking of that engine represents an editorial policy, just as much as a newspaper's. Though in more ways than just choosing how the engine works .... I was being diplomatic. See my profile. Most people buy cars on credit or lease. Also, used cars depreciate a lot faster . I'm guessing you mean compared to used cars in the US, because generally I hear that new cars depreciate the most in the first two years. Cross that Chasm! Please ;-) My advisor was great for the first eight months. Then at the start of the first summer, when we were supposed to be doing research, he went to India for 4 months (and they didn't have the internet there much back then). I did some self-directed research, but mostly I golfed. To put it in the same context, there's lots of jobs out there that essentially require a car - the job is in an area poorly served by mass transit, or its a job that requires visiting clients' offices. It's clearly not short-sighted then. In addition, up until the recent gas price increase, there was a perceived tradeoff between living in a small apartment in the center of a city, or living in a larger, cheaper house in the suburbs. The total cost of car+house was generally perceived as paying less for more versus the inner-city apartment. Finally, if you have children, there's going to be tons of activities (sports, summer camp, etc.) that basically require a car. It's an investment in their future. Intel announced record revenue and income last night. That article eventually ends up talking about the high-tech giants GM, UPS and Exxon. I have my own more literary version (hat tip to Tolstoy). "Crappy websites are all the same; great websites are each unique in their own way." I stand corrected. And since I corrected the original, I'm noting here that I originally had "Dostoevsky." I really enjoyed Henry Blodgett's "The Wall Street Self-defense Manual: A Consumer's Guide to Intelligent Investing" ( http://www.amazon.com/Wall-Street-Self-defense-Manual-Intell... ). It's basically a diatribe against active investing. Buy index funds and hold them. On the surface they may resemble each other, but the effort is always in the little niggly details of error messages, page flow, arrangement of things on the page. Whereas crappy interfaces are just CRUD. 44 when I co-founded digg. Go for it. That page seems to be entirely one author's (Jared Diamond) twist on the original phrase. There's nothing wrong with turning a phrase around - it's akin to irony. I'll second the recommendation of working on open source projects - with many hiring managers, the only way they're not going to care about a degree is you have commercial quality code out there that they can see. The other thing I would suggest is to do some research on companies and target a few likely ones - watch their jobs pages over time to see how they hire - then look for projects that would be appealing to them. Individuals have to do marketing just like companies. I know a previous employer of mine recently hired a web designer right out of high school based on the strength of his portfolio. The tradeoff I have seen is more extreme - it's more like tiny one-bedroom or studio with no outside space (balcony or deck) in the city vs. McMansion with an hour commute. I think that sellers/landlords,etc completely understand the "weighting" and have largely arbitraged away any advantage that city centers offer. I'm an experienced internet user, and I occasionally click on an ad (maybe 4 times a year ;-)) just because I'm in buying mode anyway. For what that's worth - not much. An analyst I respect says that China is the next bubble. http://jeffmatthewsisnotmakingthisup.blogspot.com/2007/01/we... Actually he uses the phrase "Mother of All Bubbles" elsewhere. Uncritical optimism is a sure indicator. My parents have said that it's so they can travel without worrying about someone breaking into their house. First person I thought of when I read this was Steve Yegge. Sometimes bad apples just need to find the right role. Then I thought of (sorry for the sports analogy) Randy Moss and Terrell Owens. Bad apples, lousy attitude, careers just about done, until they found the right place. Yes I'm contrarian. Perhaps a bad apple. I'm most productive in the early morning. I think the key to creativity is that leisure is an important part of it. The best ideas come during downtime of one form or another - hence we hear of people having ideas in the shower, or when they sleep, or walking around (my personal favorite). We generally have more leisure at night. The Joel Spolsky documentary http://www.projectaardvark.com/movie/ was pretty good. Not terribly exciting, but interesting. If Apple does this, it's unlikely to be cheap. If this is true (please ;-)) I'd like to point out that valleywag has been pushing this story for about a month now. Nobody tells me anything. Really. Although... I had a very vivid dream a week ago, where I was at the "Google acquires Digg" party. I spent the whole party apologizing for stuff I've said on the web since leaving ;-) You'd be surprised how much I appreciate it. Startuppers and hackers and all. I found the phrasing of the first page a little misleading - "...is a hive of self-expression; this employee, for example, is working out of a garden shed." suggests that this specific employee decided that he wanted to work in a garden shed, and it represents his self-expression, and the picture is framed to make it look that way like it's the only one to enhance that impression. When in fact there are other pictures out there showing that there are many of these. E.g. http://www.flickr.com/photos/veerles-blog/461586084/ Not that they aren't cool, but the text is misleading. I think this is conventional wisdom coming from a biased source and about 10 years out of date (at least). The premium paid to college graduates has been shrinking - I know that in Canada, there are huge shortages of "skilled trades" - meaning plumbers, electricians, welders, etc, and I know that friends of mine who have gone into those fields have done very well economically. That was the perfect stereotype of left-wing fear-mongering bullshit (complete with the BBC accent). I'm mostly a lefty myself, but wow. "so-called page rank"??? I'll admit to not watching past the minute mark. I decided I should go look at google's stock price for a dose of reality. And the digg-bait-like headline completes the picture. I find that I use google less than a couple of years ago. I think it is because the quality of destination sites has gone up, so I go directly to a handful of sites most of the time (admittedly gmail is one, but wikipedia, techmeme, nytimes, here, and so on). It's not that there's anything wrong with google, I just find myself searching less. You are assuming those things would not have been invented without the military (and with all that money freed up). That's a pretty shaky assumption. destroys an enormous amount of economic value, but it's not true that military spending is bad for progress . I don't see how you can say the first part, and still agree with the second part. The logical conclusion is, not only that someone would have invented everything that was invented, but in fact they would have invented more. Perhaps. But then you can argue that the innovation that would have been created would have been "better" for society. Offensive lineman have other physical traits of value though. Namely they're very large (and strong). You'd have to argue that size and intelligence are highly correlated, which seems a stretch. I don't think that's true. Being "quick", which I think you're talking about, is all about strength. My personal opinion is that given that they have roughly the same traffic levels with 60+ people that they had with 10 people, and are somewhat close to breakeven, is that it's time for layoffs, not another round of financing. Very little pull. Reason #400 why I left - basically because I felt that whenever I suggested a good idea, it was shot down just because I was the source. As it turns out I have a nice high paying job for a well known travel website and get employee discounts ;-). So while extended vacations are out, Tahiti might not be. Digg has sixty+ employees and was recently described as close to breaking even. So they make money, they just also spend it all. Also for those who haven't read Sarah Lacy's crappy book on Web 2.0, Kevin has already cashed out some shares. Scoble writes like Steve Gillmor with smaller words. I'm not sure what the point of this article is. The whole point of Venture Capital is to invest in small companies and grow them to a point where they can raise more money through other means - typically IPOs or acquisition. That they're failing badly is more about the US economy than some "VC disease." So I guess what he wants is for investors to invest bucket loads of money for decades on promises and hot air. Or he wants someone to subsidize iphone usage... My favorite part, though, is when he starts touting long dead products (Visicalc, Pagemaker) as examples of the kind of success that comes from a long term perspective. All I can speak on is the digg stuff, but it reads like it was dictated to her by Digg PR. And in fact the only person, other than Jay and Kevin, who manages to get in a digg picture (there's some digg employees in a equinix-related photo) is a PR person. Oh good god. When I saw the original of that on techmeme, I thought that they needed to improve their loony filter. After reading "Howard Lindzon has run a hedge fund for 11 years and is a partner in Biltmore Ventures." I almost come to the conclusion that the entire world needs to improve their loony filter. Thankfully there's no mention of Howard Lindzon on http://www.biltmoreventures.com/bios.php and probably anyone can say they ran a hedge fund for eleven years. So it's just SAI that doesn't check references. Obviously, or I wouldn't be so eager to see them sell, but equity without liquidity is useless. Digg management has already demonstrated their willingness to treat my shares differently from the other founder's shares (see my comment above about Kevin cashing in shares). If a company is trying to create long-term value it is not a high growth company, and doesn't need venture capital - It can (and should) get bank loans based on its cash flow. The venture capitalists are basically screwed because of the disappearance of the IPO market, and the increased importance of angel funding. Fred et all are just spinning things to make it seem like there is still a reason for their existence. I actually felt like Union Square didn't quite fit my criticism as it is more agile and angel-like. I should have said "those VCs that don't adapt are screwed." I think that the increased dealflow might also be due to the fact that all the alternatives look really awful right now. "Don't be evil" is sounding kind of quaint. I'm talking about the source of funds (the other side of the flow). Hedge funds - history. Real Estate - toast. Savings account, money market account, t-bill - all paying below inflation. Their stock price dictates that they have to continue to grow very fast, and they probably see the end of growth looming ahead (once they hit 100% share). And I would guess that the larger the muscles involved, the more important physical reaction is. So if you're talking about moving your fingers (as in the ruler example), then mental reaction is going to be more important, but if you're moving your whole arm or your legs, the physical reaction is more important. Some people (see http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/W._Edwards_Deming ) argue that in fact personal gain is the worst way to motivate people - it makes them game the system - and there's plenty of examples out there to back up his point. Instead he has argued for "pride of workmanship" as the best way to motivate people, as long as you don't actually demotivate people by paying them too little, treating them like shit, etc. I can see both sides to the argument, the problem with the gold at the end of the rainbow is that it's uncertain, and there's no better way to demotivate people unintentionally than for it to disappear. And just to expand on this, Deming's theories are based on the pyschological theory "Maslow's Heirarchy of Needs" which says that the ultimate motivation is "self-actualization" - that once you have satisfied more base needs (survival, procreation, money) this is what drives most people to achieve. For a while at digg we were touted for the same thing - a new way to disseminate news more quickly than the mainstream media, but there was nothing special that made us better at that than any other vanity-publishing mechanism on the web (I'd guess technorati used the same type of marketing line before us). I'd say the same thing about twitter - it's only as good as it's own network effect, there's nothing innovative that makes it better for this purpose than any other service, and a lot of people are already leaving for other ego broadcasting systems. I think the service provided by the USGS should get most of the credit (and its a reasonable bet that the technology is more interesting and a lot of people worked a lot harder on it than on twitter). The article touts the "epicenter maps" that people sent him. Twitter didn't produce those - and a bunch of people pointing the author to them doesn't make them twitter-produced news. We weren't as quick to use it as marketing fodder as twitter though, that's for sure: http://blog.twitter.com/2008/07/twitter-as-news-wire.html I find that kind of obnoxious. Not as obnoxious as if people had died, but still obnoxious. Except that the bigger twitter gets the more noise there is, and the more value there is in gaming it. For example, there's nothing to stop me from twittering "earthquake in Canada" right now - you might unfollow me after finding out it's not true, but others might echo it on down the chain. Even more plausibly, I could have twittered that I was in a plane at LAX after I saw the first twitter messages, even though I'm 3k miles away. How would you know? I could probably give a vivid description of being in a just-landed plane in the midst of an earthquake. An example is that a journalist interviewed a woman who twittered that her OB-GYN was in her vagina when the earthquake happened - it's a nice vivid detail, but how do we know it's actually true? Frankly I found the narcissism a little off-putting. Lately It seems to be the main requirement for being a CEO. Among other things: - She couldn't check the spelling of "Visacalc"(sic)? - Titling every second paragraph with "How I moved on" - just asks to have the phrase ", leaving wreckage in my wake" after it. - "feed my soul" - "I rented funny movies" So now you're basically competing with every stay at home mom for work at home plans. - "And I lived in that space for too long" Space? If it was that difficult, couldn't you have learned to talk like a real person, rather than an executive drone. - "I respond to visual goals, so I did a vision board: I took white poster board and I pasted pictures and phrases that represented my goals." - so now you're competing with elementary school students. - "I mean, I wasn’t crying every day nor did I drive to the Golden Gate Bridge and contemplate jumping." - so she actually lives in the Bay Area - which has massive support systems for failed entrepreneurs and giant egos. Boo fucking hoo. Now if she goes on and actually does something great with smartnow.com I'll eat my words. Till then I'll repeat "Boo fucking hoo." And I'll pose a question - when pets.com was crashing down around her ears, how much money did she walk away with? Apparently enough to not work till several years later, for starters. One of my favorite quotes (can't remember from where, and I'm paraphrasing) is that great marketing people are the most important people you can hire, but it's nearly impossible to figure who are the great marketing people and who are the snake oil salesmen. It's impressively stupid. BBC personality (who does TV Nature shows) comments on stupid poll published by BBC Wildlife Magazine in order to shame parents into making their kids watch those same TV nature shows, since the vast majority of them probably don't have too much access to nature. It's basically a large and deceiving ad. I wonder if "Sarah Cassidy, Education Correspondent" feels unclean. From "My Coffee House Nightmare" ( http://www.slate.com/id/2132576/ ) "The failure of a small cafe is not a question of competence. It is a sad given. The logistics of a food establishment that seats between 20 and 25 people (which roughly corresponds to the definition of "cozy") are such that the place will stay afloat—barely—as long as its owners spend all of their time on the job." Case in point: http://www.web-strategist.com/blog/2008/08/01/how-janet-fool... (Random twitterer pretends to be official spokesperson for Exxon) The real question is - what the hell was so special about France - that made their version of what were called "videotext services" - http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Minitel catch on where all the others failed? I'm reasonably sure they did that elsewhere. My mother's favorite phrases directed at me growing up were "Tell me something I don't know" and "If the book is so interesting, why are you talking to me about it as opposed to reading it." Always annoying, but motivating too. I think tourism is also part of this - I know that in Barcelona large numbers of the lower class were convinced to leave the downtown because they were causing problems for visitors (crime, poorly maintaining housing) - whereas gentrification side by side with hotels and sightseers works pretty well. The article talks about the same thing happening in Chicago and its public housing projects. Basically gentrification does it for you. Prices go up, developers push to have crappy housing torn down, lower income people move out one way or another. Umm, but aren't most people hired through a labor market? What reasons do you have to believe its not an efficient market? When (and how) did the "Chronicle of Higher Education" become such a superficial rag? I think that attending meetings and writing memos are work. Startups do eventually grow beyond the startup phase, and nobody has figured out a better way to manage large companies than bureaucracy. Middle managers, memos, interminable meetings... I think there's only one choice, and it's the one that the educational system is optimized around, for better or worse - Grad School. Of course they don't tell you up front that when you enter a pure science out of high school, you're signing up for a much-longer than 4 year process. Because an M.Sc. is really optimized for one purpose - to push you into a doctorate program. Then post-grad, then tenure track, and so on. The $100K figure quoted in that article is really misleading because of that - it's not talking about people with a bachelor's - it's talking about people with tenure. A large part of good management is figuring out who is contributing and who is taking up space and taking the required action ;-). I'm reliant on being able to test in as many browsers as possible, and unfortunately, this is where I run into the not quite dead monopoly, because I still have to test stuff in IE. And yes, I can run it on my mac, but I still have to buy a copy of, sadly, Vista. I dislike intensely having to pay that monopoly rent. One of the things that makes these comparisons annoying is the multiple versions of Vista (is Home Premium really comparable to OSX? I don't actually know) I think they do that just so they can have a positive showing on these checklist comparisons, but it ends up hurting the consumer, who has to make uninformed choices and ends up being dependent on slimy salespeople. In addition, developers also have to deal with multiple versions, which must be a support nightmare. It's a classic example of marketing directives (market segmentation and looking good in these price/feature comparisons) hurting the overall product. I'd just like to mention Blaine Cook, because the press won't. I rather dislike the business press who shape the story to fit their preconceived ideas. "Yet here I am again, in July 2008, listening to yet another boyish entrepreneur discuss a quirky, compelling - and nearly revenue-less - startup. I ask Dorsey, a 31-year-old NYU dropout whose slender build and mop of hair evoke the pre-psychedelic Beatles." These "boyish entrepreneurs" definitely seem to be aging, and the metaphors becoming more strained. Actually that looks really useful. Thanks! And a few hours later, I can verify that it works quite nicely too. Again, thanks very much. My immediate question is how much of this is due to the analysis, caching, mysql optimization and how much due to the beefing up of their database servers (50% faster CPUs, 4x RAM). My impulse would be to think that the hardware is responsible for most of it, which makes the article somewhat less interesting. "So candidates working for these companies have to be wearing a nice sized grin on their face knowing they are working for a company with clear strength and sustainability." Assuming that what you're looking for is a steady job with no real promise of a liquidity event. I'd think that going to work for a BigCo would give you that (and probably pay you more). And probably more interesting, exciting, and look better on a resume than being employee 100+ at a startup that's battening down for "nuclear winter." This comment is actually better than the original posting. I could get all friend-feed, Dave Winer-ish and start talking about "conversations." :-) In general, in my opinion, profiling languages in web applications is a minor win because generally they're just glue. The real payoffs are on the client side (which you've just brought up) and the database side (which I wanted to make more prominent). This headline would work better if there wasn't actually a software product out there called Jazz ( http://www-306.ibm.com/software/rational/jazz/ ). Having built a large part of my career (such as it is) on elance I always thought about Michael Porter ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Michael_Porter ) and his three strategies for building a business - those being focus, differentiation, and low cost provider, I believe that "cookie-cutter" websites are a viable strategy. It's all about focusing on process innovation instead of product innovation. There's a huge market for generic websites delivered cheaply. It's tough from a a provider site, but it's how walmart started out (cheaper than everyone else). The key word in the sentence "Adding manpower to a late software project makes it later" is "late." - i.e. it's about adding developers in order to meet a preordained deadline. Open source just removed the deadline from the process. Chances are that with taxes, cost of an internet connection (especially if your bandwidth is capped), cost of a computer, etc, they're probably getting paid negative amounts. Probably not these days, since the cost of some coins are higher than their face value. By picking up and using change you'd be saving the government the cost of replacing it. Because in general, CEOs are held up to the world as superheroes demanding and getting astronomical salaries (usually set by compensation committees stocked with similar pampered upper class twits), and represented in the press by PR companies who generally extoll how they're better than everyone else. And then when their company fails and the employees walk away with nada, they not only get golden parachutes but somehow manage to evoke sympathy while not working for 5 years, supported by the lost investments of, generally, pensioners. I didn't mean to insult you or your partner, I'm in fact saying that you're probably more deserving of sympathy and respect than the person this story is about. And perhaps you're correct. But I wouldn't be surprised if the government spends money estimating the amount of non-picked up change. Certainly my first impression was Buzzword Bingo - we win! I posted an article on my blog about how, at digg, science ended up being the best quality category (largest promotion/submission ratio - http://owenbyrne.com/2008/06/05/yet-another-random-digg-list... ). My impression at the time was that there was no money in science - So people post crap constantly in other categories, because that's where the dollars are. There's a lot less money in the promotion of science, hence less sock-puppets, gaming, etc. More succinct, yes, interesting too, but I'd disagree with "better." It's like saying an apple is better than an orange. I don't think the audience was that huge (he was about to be laid off, presumably because the ratings sucked). He did have enough of an audience to get critical mass. Beyond that, there was a lot of luck (and SEO). One of the more interesting things they're doing is that a bank up here in Canada is giving them away when you open a specific type of account: http://www.rbcroyalbank.com/products/deposits/nolimit/index.... and they heavily advertise it on radio, tv and billboards. It almost evokes the word "toaster" a la bank promotions from the 50s (or at least old tv shows). If what you're trying to do is sell, not a computer, but an "internet appliance" to a mass audience, it seems pretty smart. The column seems to be entirely from the point of view of an employer looking to screen potential employees. Like it or not, college is about more than job training. For a lot of people the social life is a big part of it, the first part of life away from parents, but still with some security, and about intellectual exploration (answering the question - what exactly do I want to be when I grow up?). Perhaps none of that is worth the lost time, but when I see it in the WSJ, my initial reaction is that it's another right wing wacko who sees college as just too many liberals with too much influence. And he puts too much faith in certification tests as "classless", in my opinion. I used to do test prep, and like most things, the people who have the money and the time to train for the certifications have an advantage. I'm Irish born and I expected to have more in common with the french and the spanish (because the Celts drifted through both those countries) so I found it interesting that other than the British, the only commonality was with the Netherlands and Norway. I had underestimated how much raping and pillaging those vikings did ;-). He's 23. The peak would be right before the next Olympics, assuming he can at least make the team. He wouldn't have to perform well, just ride on the inevitable hype that would come before it. The Olympics themselves don't have a long shelf life, and the optimum time to release a book would be just before they start. As the article says at the end, that's where Phase II of the process starts, where she is going to sue them for malicious prosecution. Let's hope she wins that too, and the award is large enough to actually hurt the companies (i.e. punitive damages). And the thing about startups is that there's no reason to think that they would continue running the way they were indefinitely without charging membership fees, or plastering ads all over them, or somehow ruining the experience that their supporters value so much. They sell for a reason, usually that their funding is running out, founders facing a down round, increasing pressure to become profitable. The fallacy is that the sweetness and light will continue indefinitely. "Today, certifications like the Microsoft Certified Systems Engineer, Cisco Certified Internetwork Expert, and the Red Hat Certified Architect certificates are sometimes worth more to an employer than a four-year degree in computer science." Um, no. Or at least, I think that in fact higher education is completely in step with business practices, it's just that those business practices are also outmoded. Especially the insistence that everyone work in a office ("tethered to a place"), fit into rigid hierarchies, job descriptions and roles ("the experience is closed"), sign NDAs, non-competes and closely guard intellectual property ("each student/employee is isolated though surrounded by peers"). It's ironic that Deming is referenced at the end, because he was all about building quality, no matter how hard, long and laborious that is, and I think this article is all about scare tactics driving quick fixes while protecting the people in positions of power and the hierarchy they've built. The goal is obviously to make higher education more like job training, which is going to make it easier to fit people into cookie cutter roles that are even easier to ship overseas. "The World is Flat?" Please. "true genius" is a little much. Maybe appropriate for the guy who started the whole concept with "asshat." It would be nice to have a reference for that. It's cool how their unique visitors peaked the month they closed their Series A, and looks to hit zero within a month. Except that they're a year and a half old. Quite the ramp-up. I think most of the people on this site would agree that a year and a half-old startup with traffic approaching zero and $8 million raised is looking like a failure. Just for reference, Youtube went from founding to acquisition in the exact same amount of time. A tip I remember from somewhere goes something like "if a feature provides more value than the effort required to learn how to use it (for the average user) then its a good addition." Admittedly there's some unknowns in there. You're right, of course, from your perspective. I tend to be a pessimist, and like bootstrapping and sweat equity. Changes of directions, big funding rounds, the assertion that "good names" (a commenter above) mean a lot, those things I'm not really a fan of. I'm curious to see if he follows his own advice. Will check back in two weeks. Sarah Lacy writes fantasy, not journalism. Ah, I suppose I should say more. For the technical co-founder (the person who writes the code) YC offers the opportunity to complete avoid the "professionals" that are brought in to run things (often into the ground). Sarah makes her living writing PR fluff to support those same people. YC is a direct threat to her source of income, and thus needs to be attacked. I think its "appropriate" to say whatever the hell you want on your own blog. And I think that Michael Arrington has put out more than a few articles that were "not that great." I was up to switch, but immediately ran into a problem - a yahoo image search for "Beijing architecture glass box" returned 0 results. Google has pages and pages. I'm laughing at the fact that I understand your analogy, but I don't think its true. In my opinion, the punditocracy could use a little bile aimed its way, because it's fat, insiderish, and generally has become what it sought to overthrow. Jon Katz had no bile - he was more of a Steve Gillmor, did too much drugs, irrelevant hippie type. Of course, I (mostly) love valleywag, too. MADD is fairly active in Canada, and they've been influential in getting the legal blood-alcohol level lowered. Most provinces now have penalties (not criminal) if you're over .05 to go with the preexisting criminal penalties for over .08. I think that the penalties for drunk driving are harsher and more enforced than in the past too. And they also have graduated driver's licenses for young people now, which (I think) include zero tolerance or something. But overall probably more sane to try to stop drunk driving by young people rather than drinking by young people. I think most employers will have a blanket "we own your IP" policy. But most of them will also make exceptions (and in writing) on a case-by-case basis once you prove you're a valuable employee. Because obviously you're not going to actually do anything on your own time if it's going to be your employer's property, whereas if you convince them that there's a potential for good PR with no real cost, they'll go for it. Once you've demonstrated that you're good at your job, and your side activities won't conflict with that. Software development management is all about balancing "one is the ideal team size" with "this project is going to take 200 man-years." You sacrifice productivity in order to complete stuff in a reasonable time frame. Late 80s is pretty close to 1990, and I'd bet MADD USA was active in Canada before they actually created a formal organization. Not that I really know that for sure. In general (I was around in the late eighties) I'd say that that's the time when drunk driving basically became socially unacceptable in Canada. I think it's still acceptable in the US to a much greater extent. Whether that was because of MADD or not, I don't know. I think companies don't want employees who stop thinking when they walk out the door, and if they just happen to have a key idea while in the shower, they don't want to be blackmailed later on. Of course, he asked the wrong question - if he asked the engineer to design the whole toaster, and without constraints, it would be made of carbon-fiber, generate heat equivalent to an arc-welder, and fold up into a wallet-sized package. And cost $9000. Ditto. Though not "not on a fixed schedule" as much as "random bouts of insomnia." Dead on with "pretty much take her interviewees at face value." I'm described in the book as "not willing to work for stock" (re: digg). Not sure who made that up, but she made no attempt to verify it with me. If she had, I would have told her that it wasn't in any way true. There is a paragraph in the book where she talks about "founders' mythology" that I guess functions as a disclaimer of sorts. It should have been included on the dust jacket. Nice piece, but I would go even further. I've heard of dropout rates of 80%. The person writing it is a tenure-track professor, and doesn't even get to the possibility of being denied tenure. Anyway I'm one of those dropouts. If a Ph.D. counts for little outside academia, an ABD counts for even less. The WSJ article on this says "Microsoft Corp., weary of being cast as a stodgy oldster by Apple Inc.'s advertising, is turning for help to Jerry Seinfeld." He's 54. I'm not one to be ageist (cause I'm old) but MS can't seem to get anything right. Thanks for the correction. It was late, I skimmed the first part of the article, then found myself being more interested further down. Bookmarked not only because its a nice article but because it has tons of interesting looking links. I was thinking today about how the problem with so many of these "what I learned about entrepreneurship" articles is that they never ever offer anything close to what a business student gets taught in the first class of an "introduction to entrepreneurship" course at any b-school worldwide. You could literally pick a random 19 year old business undergraduate with a C average at any random college in the world and they'd have more to say than the random Guy Kawasaki/Jason Calacanis/flavor of the day entrepreneur. I've used a laptop on the passenger seat in the past. That's why they call it wardriving. I was making the point that the platitudes that come out of the mouths of many pundits are straight from the first day's class. That was pretty good. But there is a problem - there are ways around a lot of these things. For instance, board member - if everyone else (your partner(s), VC member on the board) vote as a bloc, your vote becomes powerless. Another example would be about access to financials - the company can just ignore your requests, and leave you to sue (which ain't cheap). I'm guessing that was an all-male company? I'd heard this before, and it just doesn't hold as an argument. a. Someone can do this now, they just have to pay the rates for in-flight phones. b. If you're going to ban cell-phones on the basis of how much they annoy other passengers, you'll also have to ban babies. Where's Philip Torrone? That's why I said it was pretty good. This is so basic, I'm amazed it still needs to be said. But I understand why it needs to be said (lots of idiots in the world). Interesting writing but lots of sweeping generalizations which leaves me with nothing to take away from the article. The word "eccentric" means "unusual" - i.e. not prone to sweeping generalizations. Right, I should have said "not amenable to sweeping generalizations." I don't think its a matter of "hurting for cash." Its the thought that you could lose it all just as easily as gaining it all (or actually much, much easier). And as you get older and accumulate responsibilities, the overhead of families, good schools, retirement, all weigh on you making that thought all the more horrific. Entrepreneurs are probably much more vulnerable to these kinds of worries, because that's what they worried about (losing it all) on the way up. I think its mostly set that low to disrupt potential competitors to Comcast like Netflix streaming movies and Hulu. Except that it won't. I don't know how much silly valley money is in the movie industry but I'd guess that its a significant amount. Just to disrupt your calculations, in Canada the largest ISP has a 95 gb/month cap. Its coming... "Although casual users cannot see the previous user’s search history, authorities such as the police will be able to access it if necessary." So everything is actually still there, just not present in the UI? Seems pretty silly if so. Even when the speed of light is not an issue (i.e. Canada), many people are essentially barred from storing data in US websites, because the possibility of warrantless searches conflict with privacy laws. Only saying that (as the article briefly touches on) companies and governments in Canada and Europe are not allowed to store sensitive data on US websites (by law). Kind of a competitive disadvantage. Which is kind of awful. Though in my recent experience, roger's extreme is too damn slow for me to ever get near the caps. "Some Internet technologists and privacy advocates say those actions and other government policies may be hastening the shift in Canadian and European traffic away from the United States. Since passage of the Patriot Act, many companies based outside of the United States have been reluctant to store client information in the U.S.,” said Marc Rotenberg, executive director of the Electronic Privacy Information Center in Washington. “There is an ongoing concern that U.S. intelligence agencies will gather this information without legal process. There is particular sensitivity about access to financial information as well as communications and Internet traffic that goes through U.S. switches." Direct quote, above the fold, first page. I'm curious as to how you define "worst." As someone who once upon a time studied English, I love this paragraph: It's hard, though. It's a big jump. It's not sufficient to learn how to write C-like programs in Lisp. That's pointless. C and Lisp stand at opposite ends of the spectrum; they're each great at what the other one sucks at. That's good writing. Summarizes the writer's opinion in an active voice without latinate verbs or excessively long sentences. That paragraph is followed immediately by an example, which I included. Short sentences and they're there for emphasis. I think it's in Strunk & White that they say "what do you do when you've shrunk your language so small that there's nothing left" - repetition! Say everything 3 times! This has inspired a minor quest of my own (though it probably isn't going to be as epic as his). Who said "Nobody with a decent map needs rainbows."? Google returns 3 hits, all of which are that article. I find Scoble's constant self-promotion wearying. Specifically the use of "we" in the following paragraph: Laurent Haig tells me about when we launched CoComment with this simple blog post from a Swiss Chalet. He wasn’t planning on that (he didn’t have his PR team’s approval), but got tens of thousands of signups in the first 24-hours. Or, how we launched Qik from an Apple store without even having a company employee present. I happen to be reading "Good to Great", the followup to this book, and I find its idea of "Level 5 Leadership" pretty interesting. Basically "Level 5 Leaders" are the exact opposite of what you typically think of as a CEO - self-effacing, stay in the background, rarely take credit for their successes, generally attributing them to luck or to the great people who work for them. But there's a paragraph that talks about how that's the exact wrong personality you need to become a CEO - generally the self-promoting, egotistical types get the nod, and that's why there are vanishingly few great companies. A lot of people use internet cafes, especially outside north america, some of which don't do the best job of wiping data after use. The best part is the ad for a book called "Successful Outsourcing" that I see on the page. Left out the hell that is dust on your sensor. As I just commented recently on another story here, I am reading "Good to Great" and I tend to agree somewhat. Social science is different from real science, though, and there may be a valid research approach behind Mr. Collins and his team. Its just not clear. And seeing Fannie Mae on the list of "great" companies is just laughable. http://www.copperhillimages.com/index.php?pr=Tutorials It's not as bad as it seems - and sending it off to the manufacturer seems like it would be an incredible pain. The first time is nerve-racking though. I have found in myself, that I tend to champion the ideas of the last book I read - i.e. I'm easily convinced and over-enthusiastic. But at least I am aware of that. Social sciences have well-developed methodologies for dealing with fallacies. http://www.amazon.com/Experimental-Quasi-Experimental-Design... is the bible, and is mostly taught to doctoral students. But chances are Mr. Collins has never heard of it, since he's in business faculty. But he might have, and might actually have a solid research design. Just that its hard to tell from the book. The practice of management in the real world is full of imperfections, because its about people, and people are imperfect. Damn, you solved my quest. I completely misread "must" :-) There's a discussion in this thread: http://mbd.scout.com/mb.aspx?s=87&f=2909&t=2717293&#... Basically it's a kick formation. Millionaire seems kind of a stretch, though the article linked to uses the phrase "dollar millionaire." The first company says 200 employees, $2 million revenue. The second one says $600k at $20/hour. So the first one is $10k per employee, the second one works out to 30,000 hours billed. There are only 8760 hours in a year. My point is, these aren't freelance workers, they're businesses with employees. So "freelance" is misleading, and I suspect "million" is too. I personally didn't say it was a bad thing. Just that the title and the linked page were misleading. I think the Tufte books are deep enough background that they might be useful to execs. Philosophy rather than UI specifics. http://www.edwardtufte.com/tufte/ As I said, deep background. I realize it was a bit off topic. The key words = "my wife." Before marriage its how much money you make, after marriage its her money, and will be spent accordingly. Taxes are also conspicuously absent. A better solution is to file everything by month. It makes for quicker lookups without slowing down writes. Except that's old news (at least the real estate part of it). All that marginal space has been turned into paying real estate. Not only in SF but in just about every slightly expensive city in North America. There was an article last week in the NYT about garages and what they add to the value of a property in Manhattan. Its in the millions. Chances are, if you pay a million extra for a garage, at the very least, you're parking a car there. Admittedly, if you go far enough out in the suburbs, its not the case. But then you're in the suburbs, which has other challenges (transportation, etc). All that aside, SOMA is where everything happens. If you can't afford to live there look incrementally further south until you find a place that you can live. Actually it seems like he's identified a bug with chrome and redirects. Going to https://google.com in firefox results in a 302 redirect to http://google.com . Since Jim Collins (Built to Last, Good to Great) has come up a few times here, just thought I'd mention that Fannie Mae is one of his "Good to Great" companies. Yep. I lived (alone) in a studio in Potrero Hill, $1050 a month. I think its obvious someone fresh out of college will have "excellent algorithmic thinking" since that's how they spent the last 3/4 years. So in that case you should be spending more time during interviews looking at the more likely areas of weakness, which I'd sum up as "real-world experience." If you're interviewing experienced candidates, then you can generally hazard a guess that their areas of weakness are elsewhere (lack of passion, knowledge and experience that hasn't kept up with the state of the art, etc). Interviews are all about probing. They shouldn't be a set of rote questions that you apply to every candidate regardless of background. You should make a guess at what the candidate's weaknesses are, and then push on them, push on them some more. This will also help you learn how well they deal with adversity. Of course, before this, testing is a good way to determine what a candidate's strengths and weaknesses are. As a total aside, I've found that US Customs and Border Patrol (the ones who do "secondary inspections") are about the best interviewers out there. They probe so much you end up feeling a little violated. I sometimes feel that I'm too critical of Scoble, and try to like him, but what the hell was the point of that? I think his main concern is that they're not TechCrunch50 sites (he's a judge or something, though he seems to have forgotten the disclaimer he used in one of his first Demo-trashing posts). There's plenty of all of those things to be found in Northern California, though sometimes I think Sarah Lacy is determined to corner the market in Shoddy Reporting. You cared enough about it to post this (which seems a bit narcissistic, no matter what you say). I upmodded your original comment, so right at the moment it isn't a "grayed out presence" but I'm not going to upmod this. Well, except there is actual money to be made in being "tech scene famous." He owns a house in Half Moon Bay, probably earns a nice six figure salary to do whatever the hell it is he does, gets lots of freebies (he was at frigging Davos), and probably speaking fees. Of course, I don't know, there might be actual money in winning the special olympics. And I'd bet any CS college professor (that's any good) doesn't know who he is, either. My experience is that in the Bay Area, there's a critical mass of "talentless hacks" that basically support each other and create barriers to entry for actual talented people. Scoble is their king. Sarah Lacy is queen. That being said, there's a ton of really talented people in the same area, just that most of them have either cashed out, work for Google or Apple, or are so busy building stuff that they don't have time to blog crap. I'm blushing ;-) Though seriously I was in the center of it all for 2 years so I think my impression is, at the very least, an honest opinion. Which is something that seems exceedingly rare in the Bay Area. I've always worked on the floor - I think it's regressing to childhood where I did homework on the floor in front of the TV. Good to see at least one person is similar. You (and the parent comment) seem to have conflated "hits" and "good songs." which some of us would violently disagree with. Anyway I can think of dozens of bands with more than 15 good songs (and often they have done 2-3 albums/year for more than one year). I don't want to turn this into a music discussion, so I'll just pick one band I love - The Jam, who actually had hits (in the UK) - 18 of them between 1977 and 1982 ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/The_Jam ). There's plenty more, which I'm sure others can contribute. I'm reading "The Omnivore's Dilemma" - great book btw - but it mentions in passing that we still feed cow nervous tissue to pigs and chickens, which seems kind of scary in light of this article. This deal was mostly a lifeline to yahoo. If they didn't do it, the result would probably be worse for yahoo. I personally couldn't entrust my wealth to someone named "Raleigh Rails." But then I don't actually have any wealth. That's TechCrunch editorializing - they're all about publicizing big exits. It makes for more page views. Maybe the best CEOs for startups aren't "proven." I.e. first-time CEOs. I'm pretty sure I've read another VC saying that's exactly what they look for. Find a place other than work or home to work on the side job. School library, coffee shop, something like that. The very first computer I saw Unix on was a minicomputer/workstation in 1985. It had a 68020 processor running at 20 mhz, and had 4mb of RAM. It cost around $75k. I thought we were making the point that hardware was slow and expensive much later than the 60s and 70s, not that Unix could be really small. How did Kevin Rose get into the conversation? No exit yet, lots of hype so far, and screwing me was a big part of it :-(, whatever "it" is. But it does reinforce the point - a lot of it is luck. Cuban wants to come back as himself? I bet the odds are 1000-1 he wouldn't have the same success. And he'd probably admit that. Its also "Broadcast" not "Broadband" right? Broadcast.com. The transcript seems riddled with typos, though I didn't watch the video to know if they are actually what was said. "There was a different crede"? You're right, though I'm sure the story has grown in the telling. The point is that there's lots of other people who do that and aren't billionaires. Its necessary but not sufficient. However I should have been better in giving him respect because he'd probably agree with me about luck. I just react badly to anything that includes "Kevin Rose" in the same class with a billionaire. Survivorship Bias. I tend to be cagey about it, because a. I still own some stock, b. I'm still subject to a legal agreement and c. I'm too busy to actually figure out in detail how b affects what I can and can't say. Umm, nice rationalization. But that's 2000 lines of debugged, documented code. It takes a lot more typing than just 2000 x 80 characters. The article basically describes why. Plus he's not talking about "average." I enjoyed that article, and its important to note that "snark" has a long and generally successful history. They used to call it "wit" and many writers built a career around it. In the workplace, wit is often a way to rail against pointless mind-numbing hierarchies without actually assaulting anyone ;-) Except its 2 days later and still lots of typos. Though they seemed to have gone through and changed JS (which is what they had for Jason Calacanis's initials) to JC. Probably because he whined. Release early and iterate, stay hanging around here, don't be afraid of negative feedback. And don't give up! Well, rarely ≠ never, but I just thought I'd go look for some examples - decided Oscar Wilde quotes would be a good place to start A man can be happy with any woman, as long as he does not love her. A true friend stabs you in the front. All bad poetry springs from genuine feeling. Ambition is the last refuge of the failure. Just as examples. Admittedly I'm cherry-picking, but I'm 100% convinced that smugness or a sense of self-superiority is integral to "wit." Actually, often. Back when I used to write for school (with a pen) I always had the feeling of losing ideas because I couldn't write as fast as I could think. I don't feel it nearly as much when coding (or writing for that matter), I think because I type faster than I used to be able to write. Photo.net? I don't think that sold. Still being funded by Philip Greenspun. I saw reddit as a digg.com competitor when they launched. Much, much smaller, less hyped, but guess who found an exit first? Small competitors to large, VC-funded products often do well, perhaps partially helped by the hype surrounding the leader. Jaiku would be another example.