Nonsense. For every legitimate example of such a malware-infected program you can think of or find, the community can point you to at least X others that are completely clean. Your suggestion is not a practical one, but rather an opinionated one. And the hiku does what, exactly? One of the most useless websites I've ever seen. It barely has any details on what the hiku is or what it does; and if I wanted more info, I'd have to go to their support section on another domain to peruse their "FAQ". No thanks. Have you ever tried to scan barcodes with a cellphone? For anything other than some sort of "novelty" "let's trying this cool new QR hipster app" type of situation. Their examples look amazing and pretty. But. Good luck trying to use them, though. They're very delicate, and break unless you make sure to find all the relevant CSS and cruft around them. Definitely not "plug and play". Not to mention your blog engine/site is broken. Please fix the fact that we can't click on the right scrollbar due to your fancy shmancy javascript side menu. Put it on the left hand side, or don't overlay it over the scrollbar. Damn #hipstercoders So famous is only for fast javascript browsers? That says it all... damn #hipstercoders. And yes, it works fast on chrome, dog slow on Firefox. Since when did we decide to collectively ignore Firefox users because we want to use some fancy shmancy JS framework so we can write our code using an "opinionated" approach? And I quote "opinionated" as that is precisely how the readme describes the "famou.us" way of building "rich, fast web applications". You make it seem as if she had no way to stop it. As far as I'm concerned, if you can stop violence, you have a moral duty to do so. Otherwise, you are complicit in said violence. At the very least she should have SAID something about it. But no, politicians stay quiet instead of rocking the boat so that they can keep all "buddy buddy" with their fellow ruling-class members. They'd rather have you believe that voting with your wallet doesn't work. They would prefer that you think the only way to enact change is through coercive governmental power. It fits their world-view and pocket-book quite nicely. Amazing... And very smooth! In one of the graph examples, I plugged in 500 nodes, thinking it would crash. But it failed very gracefully, and simply "slowed" things down instead of jittering into oblivion. I can't seem to be able to find good examples of kinectJS in action. Could you please point me to some solid examples or in-depth tutorials? I think what's confusing me the most is I'm not quite sure how or what "html5canvastutorials" has to do with KinectJS. But thanks for the link, I'll go about giving it another try :) These sorts of things are an unfortunate side-effect of the fact that individuals aren't allowed to write off their expenses as tax-deductible. Sort of how companies are allowed to write off their own expenses before calculating tax on "earnings". So the market gravitates towards compensating employees in a tax-deductible sort of way. He's on his soap box, again. Apparently, he's an expert in absolutely everything under the sun. Therefore we must listen to him, err, or something like that. Treat it like a plain blog. Take it with a grain of salt as it's just one way, one person's opinion. If you like it, great. If not, move along... Just because he's got good advice on certain topics, doesn't mean we should listen to him on everything else. Classic intelligentsia syndrome. That's the media for you, and not necessarily "Fox" or whatever x-wing group you seem to dislike. Fox news is only seen as "bad" because it doesn't exaggerate reality to the side that the majority like. The other news media outlets do the exact same thing, just towards the other side of the narrative. Both sides of the media play on peoples' emotions. The real question is: are you intellectually honest enough to entertain views and thoughts for their own merit without dismissing them flatly just because "they're from Fox", "John Stossel", or "Romney". "Locally raised and spent" If only. That would be a great form of funding community governance. Where local communities help themselves up, instead of practically begging for scraps from a wealthy government that really doesn't care until it gets them votes. Change has to come from within. And it won't come so long as people think like you. i.e. "Change can come when funding comes from better places" Which completely ignores the real problems and real difficulties facing real people in those places you seem to not want to live in. Ask yourself why you don't want to live there. Ah yes, so it's my fault that groups of individuals decided to not take care of their neighborhood, right. Sorry, no, but people need to take responsibility for their own actions. And I will in no way share blame for a second generation further ruining their kids' futures because they're too short-sighted and expect the rest of us to do it for them. We as a society can only share blame for one generation. The next one is on the parents. The standard argument I've heard against "accountability" is that "leaders" won't "lead" properly if they know they could be held accountable for the consequences after leaving "office". It's utter bullshit, and there is absolutely no way for any of us to change it, or do anything about it. I'd call for us to 'scientificize' the shit out of politics, but it would do no good. We all know what an utter failure the social sciences are when it comes to the scientific method. Mainly due to unpredictable human nature and the vagueness of social and political policy. I seem to recall them getting a big fat law suit when they tried to bundle things with their OS. Perhaps they don't bundle things anymore for a reason? Interesting library + concept. I'll definitely keep an eye on it for future projects. Some minor issues: The video tutorials are very hard to follow. I say this as someone that has never worked with Rails or Ruby. So when you start talking about "routes", "partials" and I see code referencing "paginate" and erb files on your server code... In very alien-looking syntax, I might add. It makes for a very hard "tutorial" to follow. I would definitely suggest making server tech-agnostic tutorials. Where you simply talk about the urls being requested, what they return and how they interact with the client-side. Please exclude specific server-side tech, no matter how cool or "fancy" it is, or how knowledgeable you are in it. I'm curious about this "20% annual maintenance fee" you mentioned. Care to elaborate a little more on it? Or is in the podcast you linked? You missed the biggest one, bud: 4. Governments are guaranteed to interfere. Either to help, or impede. No, I'm saying it's the parents' fault for their children remaining poor. Or did you not read anything I wrote and just blatantly jumped to conclusions? As someone who has come from a poor family, I know full well what sacrifice and hard work can do to uplift your children's prospects in the world. Even if that means drastic life changes. And as a consequence of that, I will not accept peoples' excuses for remaining in poverty. Nor will I share the blame for their failings. Of course Pickety doesn't mention it. That would ruin his narrative. And it wouldn't back his central thesis and proposal to tax the living excrement out of the rich. You know, to fix a problem none of us ever knew of until he "told us" about it in his giant weary book. But I'll hold off on a proper rant about him and his book once I've read it. I'm still looking for a proof that income inequality is a "threat" to "democracy"... Or as he put it, the "meritocratic values of democracy". As if we have anything remotely resembling a "meritocratic" society, even if it was a democratic one. Agreed. This has historically always been the case. There is a reason that early cities formed around navigable waterways, trade-routes, or near specific wealth-making resources. One need only look to the middle east that was almost entirely desert and small-towns a short while ago (relatively speaking) to get a more recent and visible example of this. Equality is the exception, not the rule throughout history, including the recent "enlightened" one. So you're basically saying that you're only a "hacker" if you do stuff with hardware. That is completely upside down, if not borderline elitist. Building stuff and "hacking" has no requirement for hardware. It hasn't been that way for a long while. Now excuse me while I gladly take our Raspberry Pis, Arduinos and "software" thingimaggigs off your precious lawn. Well, then we obviously differ in our definitions of "not wasting" our lives. I find time spent creating something/anything as worthwhile, whereas you find time spent being challenged as worthwhile. In the end we're both creating something; spawning usefulness from our own doing. It's still a learning experience, even if you're not overly technically challenged or frustrated. I agree with you, of course. Though I'd say it's not just wealth, but political clout and "connectedness" as well. There are quite a few influential community/union leaders that aren't all that wealthy, but command a great deal of political power. Both by virtue of the people who they "lead" and the contacts they have in various levels of government. What I'm trying to point out with the above is that: We are already assuming that the wealthy have a selfish or non-altruistic motive behind their actions, simply by virtue of them having wealth. If we go down that route, then we essentially need to admit that the problem isn't that the wealthy are selfish, but that their wealth enables them to exert that selfishness much more. You are most certainly right that this is a flaw of government, or democracy in general. However, it is not a flaw of capitalism. It is, in fact, a virtue of capitalism: that money represents our "vote". But that vote doesn't magically stay with us, it get's transferred every time we "vote", or buy things. Nope, we're with you on this one. It's a flat-out money grab. From an institution that we expect to keep the internet running. Great idea, right? You know, instead, they could fix the damn email and content spamming rampantly going on the internet. But no, those things don't give ICANN yearly profits. I guess they fail to realize that spam-detection is one of the main things behind Gmail's phenomenal success since its inception. Oh so squatters are bad, but the people that enable them aren't? What they have now is a devious double-standard system. It starts off with "first-come, first-serve" and then when money is involved and some large/well-established entity cries foul, they then change the rules to be "more-money, first-serve". Now don't get me wrong, I think domain squatting is a horrible, horrible practice. But we really need to solve the root of the problem, and that is a greedy ICANN that enables domain-registrars, and itself, to double-dip the cake for profit! First they could start by revoking domain ownership if spam comes from there. If it keeps persisting and from multiple different IP addresses from the same block, start taking IP blocks away until it stops. Spam email doesn't just appear out of the ether. It comes from an email, a domain, and finally IP addresses. Now I know the technical details are lacking, and they obviously need to account for offenders that fix their stuff, but I'm just trying to illustrate that it is do-able. The above is for email spam. Content spam is a little bit different, and would step on quite a few toes. I view content spam as websites that mirror Wikipedia/SO/GoogleGroups for example. Or sites that simply fill their pages with garbage, referral links, URL's to game search-engine rankings, etc. Again, start by revoking the worst offende's domain ownership. Eventually, you'll be able to get rid of domain-squatters as well because it invariably means that they have to put meaningful content on their site and not useless junk. So it's a use it properly, or lose it sort of situation. The above is just not very easy, and it'll cost ICANN registration fees with seemingly no ROI. But that's a problem with ICANN. Registration fees started off as a way to prevent spamming and everyone snatching up all domains, but it's quickly turned in to a revenue cow for ICANN. They're trying to have their cake and eat it at the same time. Either they're a non-profit government/UN organization and function for the public good. Or they're a for-profit entity and they need to have their MONOPOLY status/powers revoked. "How does email spam come from a domain? You can just set whatever domain you want in the headers. For a long time, I had spammers using my personal domain in their From: headers, sent from their servers (I knew because I received automated replies on my catch-all box). What exactly would be accomplished by taking away my domain?" Solutions to prevent/combat email header spoofing have been gaining quite a bit of traction and are quite prevalant. And yes, if that means taking the domain away from people that don't implement said solutions, then poof you've lost the domain. It would accomplish getting rid of domain owners that enable spammers. "As for IP blocks, that's like throwing napalm to kill a few weeds. You'd affect hundreds or thousands of users of an ISP just to kill a spammer, who will just move to the next connection." If you lease out IPs that have been assigned to you to a spammer, then you better get him off your network. Otherwise you'll lose your entire block. It's not rocket science, nor is it overkill. You mention that spammers will move on to the next connection if they get kicked off. Yeah, well that's not really ICANN's problem is it, that's up to the IP block lessee's to solve if they want to start sub-leasing out to unknown/untrusted individuals in the public. "So instead of issuing TLDs, they could start performing censorship. I'm seriously glad they don't share your views." There is a big difference between censorship and removing junk from your network. Perhaps it is something we should worry about, but we should have thought of censorship BEFORE we allowed the US to maintain control of ICANN, don't you think? "Having a website sitting somewhere is not spam" Probably not the common definition, but if it pollutes the domain/tld namespace with useless/junk domains then yes you can call it spam. "It's not being pushed on anyone; if search engines are indexing content that their users don't want to see, that's their problem" I agree with you. However, my point was more along the lines of "use it for something useful, or lose it" in order to both prevent useless domain squatting AND content spam. "Many of us around the world already find the US' TV censorship quite ridiculous, we don't need any more of that." Nope, we don't, I agree with you. Hence why I suggested we either treat ICANN like a for-profit private enterprise with NO government monopoly or privilege of licensing, OR we damn well make sure it behaves like non-profit acting for the public good. I.e. no lucrative money grabs such as the one in this article. Assuming that's even possible with an entity controlled by the US government. Look. These are just some ideas we can implement to combat spam and other malicious behavior on the internet. But sticking our heads in the sand by ignoring some of these solutions just because they aren't perfect is definitely not going to fix them. At the very least they're better than what we have now. I didn't have a problem with it until I read your comment. Then I went back and re-tried it. Somehow, I just couldn't quite wrap my head around how to use it... Perhaps it's the act of me trying to "overthink" how to use the UI as opposed to just using it in what comes natural through innocent exploration. So if I don't even use my domain for email, I'm liable to lose it because I don't have the knowledge or even awareness to set up the proper SPF records or whatever solution du jour? That's a terrible tax on people who just want to have their own small website. I never said that. Are you even trying to have a discussion, or just disagreeing for its own sake? Not really, because they don't usually censor. It should be something we should worry about if we gave you the control of ICANN. Didn't you just complain about US government censorship in your previous post? Either way, you're blatantly clumping together censorship with other things, so it's pointless to discuss this point with you. No, because "useless" is subjective. Doesn't matter if the majority of people agree with the subjective opinion. And currently we have the subjective opinion of the few managers of the ICANN calling all the shots. I don't see why is this TLD scheme against the public good in any way. Transferring money from big companies to an organization which provides such a core service seems great to me, and all the downsides I've been hearing about are mostly people's aesthetically sensibilities being hurt. Wow, you didn't actually read anything I wrote about this point, did you? Guess that wouldn't fit your narrative or suit your argument. Adding censorship is never better. That's your opinion, really. Again, loaded with a biased and opinionated definition of "censorship", rendering discussion of this point with you pretty useless. Good day. Looks like someone has been watching too many Matt Damon movies. On a more serious, less snarky note, though: Why are you so scared of there even being a "wealthy dynasty"? For that matter, you and people with similar views as you are yet to prove that it would even be a bad thing. I'm curious how you arrive at such a conclusion; step me through it? "Let's just hope we figure out that space thing before they ever figure out rejuvenation." Doom-sayers were spreading similar fud about food and population growth barely a century ago, and look how that turned out. Science is always a few steps away from fixing a plethora of the world's ills. Precisely as the above food-dilemma shows. And yet on the other side, you would seek to deny science power to prevent such things from actually being a problem? Sort of a self-fulfilling prophesy you have there, buddy. You don't speak for all of us. What gives you any authority whatsoever to claim what the purpose of my, or anyone else's, existence is? Hence why they are going to Mars and the rest of space: to find more of it. Please, pay attention, try to keep up! Next we'll have conspiracy theorists claiming that blood-donation drives are a conspiracy by the 1% or the rich to kill off the poor!! And not all components of a discussion/conversation/debate have to be "arguments" as you put it. Ironic how your comment is the one that didn't actually add anything to the conversation/topic I was having with that other guy. Nice, I never knew about that feature, thanks! Just tried it out on some of my work, and it's a breeze to use. However, seems that scrollbars behave slightly differently in it. In my case they aren't appearing in certain sub-containers. Have you had any such issues with it? Bankruptcy should mean that the individual(s) responsible for the debt need to be held liable for it indefinitely. Regardless if there is a corporation/LLC/company between the responsible individuals and the people that lost their money. As an example, the responsible individuals of Mt.Gox would need to come up with a repayment plan for every single penny/bitcoin that they still owe. The fact that it was "stolen" from them is irrelevant, as the users entrusted the safekeeping of their money/bitcoin to MtGox. If that means that they will continually have X% of their yearly incomes divied up amongst the users, then so be it. And this will continue indefinitely until the debt has been repaid. Sadly, this sort of solution to the problem would never be instituted in our society. Precisely because it exposes flaws in our concept of the relation between debt and slavery. In essence, it would put the individuals responsible for the fraud in a sort of indentured servitude until the debt has been settled. It does sound like quite a scary proposition, I'll be honest. As it's something completely alien to what we're accustomed to when it comes to debt/bankruptcy. But I assure you, if this were ever instituted, and a few individuals got bitten by it: Society as a whole will grow in a much safer direction, both with more security precautions when debt is involved, and with insurance to cover losses such as this. All that, without state intervention/bailout. "This whole petty vengeance thing is quite barbaric, to be honest." It's not vengeance, it's getting back what was stolen or defrauded from you. If you wish to pardon peoples' debts to you, then that's your humanitarian deed, but leave it at that. Instead, you want to make a legal loophole for people to steal from you. And then people like you whine and complain incessantly about "the wall street wolf banksters and corporations that stole money" etc etc. Yeah, well that's a natural consequence of you making legal loopholes because you feel sorry for the poor and get taken advantage of. "You say the fact that it was stolen is irrelevant. Lets say someone ram raids the office, holds a gun to the CEOs head and demands the keys to the bitcoin. Do you think that he should be personally liable in that situation?" Well, that all depends on what sort of agreement I had with the institution in question. This is precisely the sort of thing that insurance is supposed to fix. If the owners failed to get insurance to cover whatever agreement they went in to, then yes, they should be held fully liable for the losses. That's a very negative and demeaning view of humanity. I think we're way too ingenious and creative to let risk stop us from doing amazing things. Perhaps if something is risky, then maybe it shouldn't succeed, ever thought of that? Perhaps risky things come with greater rewards precisely because they are more likely to fail? Why? He clearly doesn't enjoy talking to people. I'd say it's the other people forcing him to talk to them as having the problem. If someone doesn't look like they want to talk, then why don't you give them the courtesy of simply not bothering them? " Speaking to a stranger != accosting. " It is if they clearly make it obvious that they don't want to be talked to. "Piketty has a habit of not looking at consumption inequality which is the thing we might actually be worried about" The actual quote from the article. So people reading your [misleading comment] know that the author didn't actually put a [baseless insult] where you claim he did. "The privacy concerns and having Google collect yet more data about the universe? Not so much." Why? As far as I'm aware, they haven't been snooping into people's private data. Nor have they been explicitly selling it to any third party. And the haven't been abusing the data we have given them. Now, don't get me wrong, they have most certainly been monetizing that data. But that's a different story. Are you simply just scared of what Google will store/infer about you? So let me get this straight... According to you, having someone analyze and criticize your work, and state so is in fact actually saying "hurr, durr, [attack_target]'s too stoopid" ? And yes, you are misleading. Because if I didn't actually go read that article and find the part you were complaining about I would have assumed an actual insult was where you claimed it was. Whereas, in fact, I found criticism, which the author attempts to justify/backup in the rest of the article. But you'd have us believe that that was all that was in the whole article. That's called misleading people; pretty much general dishonesty on your part. " Everyone who has had problems with the teaching of mainstream economics as a means to lessen inequality now have more evidence. " So when I read most of the articles regarding this book, all I can picture is a slew of angry mob-like people shouting: Those pesky economists must be wrong! This guy is saying stuff we all like to hear, therefore he is correct! Indeed, the public is fickle, and will naturally gravitate to what feels good and re-affirms what they feel is true. There has been a growing mistrust of intellectuals of late, and it's because people are dissatisfied. Intellectuals have been losing the media war with the government. No, you misunderstand what I was saying/askin. I asked "Why?" And then I proceeded to enumerate all the reasons I could think of that would lead a reasonable person to have "privacy concerns" about Google. And I also said that they did none of those. Agreed. Abuse wouldn't be even very feasible to define, let alone get the majority of people to agree on. Here's another non-obvious solution to the problem: Start making sure that insurance companies have no payouts if the driver's phone was on X amount of time before the accident. That way they pay for their own damage, and the damage done to everyone around them. Regardless if they were "at fault" using conventional reasoning. How about another one: Require all vehicles to install cell phone tethers that have the driver's registered sim card in it. Disable it during the drive. Mandate it's installation, and penalize people that break it, even more so if they were in an accident. Almost ALL problems have a technical/legislative solution for them. The only real problem is that no one has either the resolve, balls, lawyers, political backing, or money to implement/require those technical/legislative solutions. So all we get are half-asses solutions with selective (and sometimes biased) enforcement by the police/courts. Guess the "pigs" # are indeed more equal than the rest of us. #And no, I don't mean pigs as in the derogatory term for the police. No, I'm saying we're not all equal if such "special privileges" are granted to some special few individuals for one reason or another. Overall, it was a reference to the Animal Farm book. But if you want to know if I think it's wrong for us to have inequality in the form of non-universal applications of morality or "law", then I'll answer with Yes. "The purpose of insurance isn't to protect the driver, it's to protect the victim of an accident" Well, first of all. It depends on what kind of insurance, and who got it. What I'm saying is that all of the insurance that the reckless driver has, whether for himself, or for third-party damage, should be denied. That way it's ALL out-of-pocket for him, assuming the law finds him reckless and owes damages to the victims. Now, of course. The victim should have their own insurance, if they're smart. So they are covered whether or not the reckless driver was insured, or his insurance pays out third parties for damage. Of course, as one of the other posters mentioned above. "Poor reckless drivers won't be able to pay the victim, and this will hurt the victim." Well, I'm not an advocate of more-state, but if that's what tickles your fancy, then mandate insurance. Like, I asssume, they already do for third-party damage? I don't live in the US so I don't know about that. "I have 1-3 mobile phones on me most times and share around 7 SIM cards between them. Also, what about cars with more than one driver?" Well you're an exception. And if you think that's a reasonable argument against my solution, then you obviously didn't read it in its entirety, or you didn't understand it. If it's the latter, then I'm sorry I failed you. My point is that no one really wants to fix this problem, they just want to appear to fix it. Because if they really wanted to fix it, it would be fixed with whatever draconian/weird/unique/ballsy solution works. "Legislative solutions should only be considered as a last resort, not the first option." I agree with you. I'm not one to advocate more laws or more state as I'm an anarcho-capitalist. But the point I was trying to make is that if people really wanted the state to fix this problem, it would be. Either through more laws, incentives, education, technology, whatever. (Side note: this assumes the state 100% does what the general public wants.) " Yes, the paradox is that daydreaming and apparent purposelessness are, in the long run, about the most important things that get done. Or at least the beginning of the most important things: things which eventually become more active and purposeful. " Assuming you actually do something with those thoughts/ideas/daydreams. I have a habit of thinking of wonderful ideas, and never quite getting around to them. At some point, too many ideas are quite debilitating. But perhaps that's just me. Every since I started on some fun personal projects, I find my alone/me time is spent not thinking up new ideas, but thinking of ideas on how to improve/do the parts of the project I'm currently working on. No, economists have been arguing and studying for over 200 years, probably more. Simply saying they've been "studying it" for 200 years doesn't make your view or your choice of economists correct. Let's have a look at the parent poster's points that you're curious about: 1. "Governments are a form of organized violence" This is correct in quite a few different interpretations, even according to some politicians like Obama. Not only that, but have you looked at the statistics regarding how many individuals have been killed by government action? Wars? Execution? Atomic Bombs? Some people, including me, will go so far as to define the government/state as an "organization with a monopoly on force/violence within a geographic area". 2. " [..]capital class use to protect their access to ecological and infrastructural resources " Not quite sure about this one, really. But the government/state does indeed limit usage/access to resources in the environment, for one reason or another. But it also chooses to give/deny access to certain infrastructure. Ever heard of a poor person going to a public school in a rich neighborhood? Bet you've heard about the perks/protection that civil servants, politicians and union members get from the government. 3. " [..]thereby denying those resources to the poor. " Government does indeed give quite a few things to the poor. It also incentivizes them not to use the resources available to them in the natural environment. Perhaps that's what the parent poster was talking about. It's no longer feasible for a poor guy to strike it rich by going out into the wilderness and discovering oil. Not just because the easy wells have been found already, but because the government won't grant them permits/resource rights. Also, here is some extra reading. First some logical fallacies you seem to be using. And another link regarding the ethics of anarcho-capitalism. Also, the numbering is not linked to the above list. [1]. http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Argumentum_ad_populum [2]. http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Argument_from_authority [3]. http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Anarcho-capitalism#Ethics Here is the javascript: http://www.json-generator.com/js/app.753945435.js Don't think the source is open-source, though. " Free markets are bad in adjusting for environment costs " The concept of "environment" is completely in-congruent with the free market. Because, if indeed you had a "Free market", you'd have to concede that everything is on the market. That includes public property, which is practically never for sale and are mostly hoarded by the state without any chance of private ownership/transfer. That's called a monopoly. Individuals/entities have an incentive to abuse un-ownable(public) property, rather than to develop/protect it like they do for private-property. So, perhaps you should change your comment to "Regulated markets in the presence of a monopoly state are bad in adjusting for environment costs." But if we indeed had a free-market, I'd concede that there are a few examples where the market would be slow to "adjust its costs". Prime examples would be air and ocean pollution because they're currently technologically unfeasible to own/delineate. Agreed. It's also a very easy/handy line of thinking that sadly a lot of people are prone to: http://rationalwiki.org/wiki/Good_old_days "This is the logical and likely necessary progression. And it really does require some leadership." You can't just tout your opinion as "logical". We live in the real world, where people have their own opinions and wants/desires. Just because it's "logical" according to you for society to move in a specific direction using a specific political system, doesn't mean that everyone will agree with it, nor that it is logical for them to do so. It's odd how all these political schemes always work in "absolutes", and never allowing anyone to take themselves out of it voluntarily. Hint : If someone doesn't like the political system, then you're acting immorally and violently by forcing them to abide by it. In the anarcho-capitalist "system", there are only two laws and all the others are applications of them. You would be surprised at what a coherent, and fair system only two laws can generate: 1. Private property. Covers ownership. 2. Non-aggression principle. Keeps people from hurting others. And the reason the parent poster said "obvious" is because they are completely agreeable and obvious to most reasonable people. Everyone can agree that their property is their own (assuming they didn't steal it), and that hurting others is bad. Don't forget to include a few common and important properties of the library model that I think are very pertinent to this discussion: 1. If you damage the book that you are "borrowing" or "sharing" then you are to pay a fixing/repair fee. 2. Natural degradation/wear & tear of books is covered by a general library fee/subscription. To illustrate my point: Please tell me where/how can I buy the land for a river/beach in the United States? How about some 30x30 meters of lagoon beach? I'm filthy rich, and I want to own a river... Thought so. Here is the formal definition of monopoly that I just looked up: " the exclusive possession or control of the supply or trade in a commodity or service. " The fact that there are near-substitutes is a factor in preventing monopolies from forming in a free-market. Not so in the case of a state-lorded market, where there is no near-substitute or alternative for a lot of things. This encompasses a lot of things, and public property is one of them. Another definition of monopoly: "a commodity or service in the exclusive control of a company of group." Let us not forget that the state owns all land, and you're merely renting it from them. If you doubt that, please proceed to not pay your property taxes and let us know how that goes for the "ownership" of your land/property. Or for that matter, hold land that the government wants; it will eventually cease it from you via eminent domain. However, I will conceded that I probably didn't use the word monopoly in the standard, cookie definition. But that's usually the case when arguing against a behemothic concept such as the state. Perhaps you'd look past that, and understand the point I was trying to make rather than the pedantic, non-near perfect usage of a word. I tend to do that with words :) Well, I guess that depends on our definition of environment. It's clearly vague, and the lines are completely blurred. So yes, I'd agree with you, there is no one that is currently interested in the stewardship of the "environment" except for principled individuals that believe it should be taken care of. There are plenty of examples where people own pieces of land, and they take very good care of it (and sometimes opposite). I grew up in a country where most low-mid and middle class individuals owned sizable plots of land. They spent quite a fair bit of time and money tending to their plots because it was theirs and represented value to them. Even more so for commercial versions of such ownership; particularly forestry enterprises. This is the case that free-market individuals make for the environment. Which is a concept that a lot of state-centered individuals find flawed in free-market thinking. Precisely because the definitions of "environment" differ. To state-centered individuals, the "environment" is something non-concrete, over-arching and pretty much difficult to delineate from the rest of the land. The opposite of that is where someone considers land to be theirs, for their exclusive use, and will thus develop it and maintain is value. If that value is due to the scenery, then it will be preserved. Wow, you really want me to expound on an entire philosophical system in a few short paragraphs? I'm not trying to cop out of this discussion, it's just that these are all things that have been covered numerous times. There are a lot of very smart people spending a great deal of time enumerating all the complications you seem to think are deal-breakers. I'll address you more generally, then, and pick a few big ones to respond to. Anarcho capitalism, and the two rules I mentioned. They don't just encompass a legal system, but a philosophical system as well (like you mentioned). The idea being that if we can come up with basic set of rules that are moral, and we don't break them, then we have come up with a moral/fair judicial system that is grounded in fairness for all because the same rules apply to everyone. " What's a valid contract? " Anything that you voluntarily enter into and whoever you've chosen to help you arbitrate disputes with the other contractees. You're free to do so, even if you enter into a contract to do bad things. The contract is valid between you two, but you will no-doubt get in to trouble for the things you end up doing. Again, a big implementation-specific question. No morals here. But if you must know: most arbitration committees/courts/whatever you want to call them will probably not look kindly on contracts that break the basic tenets of harm/property. "What about harm caused to the polity by non-aggressive use of force (drunk driving without regard to other's lives?" First of all, in a free society, there is no "polity". Second, reckless driving is handled by private property. Whoever owns the road you drive on sets the rules; if you don't abide by them, you can't drive on that road because it's private property. It's already that way, really, it's just that you don't notice it because you see the state. If someone wishes to create a set of roads where people can drive recklessly, then others are free to use other roads that agree to their sense/level of security. " What happens when someone breaks your stuff and can't pay for it? " Insurance, on either side. Look past the state, and you will see ingenious solutions to remedy and dampen risk/loss. I'm on my third one, and it seems you're just trying to come up with contrived/weird scenarios. Solutions to these problems are just endless, but remember, they must not behave in an immoral way (by breaking the two basic rules mentioned in my previous post). Perhaps if you have a taste, you might be curious to read up some more. " There is no bright line, every issue has to be considered separately and people will always disagree. " People disagree now. It's just that you have no choice in it at all . We're all forced to "agree" on a certain set of arbitrarily and "consistently" chosen set of rules that only a majority of us supposedly agree on. On a side note, I look forward to the day when free-minded individuals can come up with solutions to all these problems in a peaceful and non-coercive manner. Until then, we'll be stuck coming up with utilitarian solutions. If you're curious, I can point you to some resources/books regarding anarcho-capitalism and related topics. There are some nice introductions out there; some of which detail all the possible combinations of problems you can think of. I've had good success using Celery to parallelize tasks/jobs in python. www.celeryproject.org Also, it has a very nice concept called canvas that allows you to chain/combine the data/results of different tasks together. It also allows you to switch out different implementations of the communication infrastructure that Celery uses to communicate and dish-out tasks. Speed is just one of the many things that people consider when evaluating what language/stack to use for a particular job/task. So how does that figure into all the individual pieces of land that people own? Is my land not part of the larger eco-system of the planet? I'd argue it is, and I take pretty darn good care of it. Are we somehow saying that we can't extrapolate this to a larger scale? For further reading, you might find this interesting: http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Continuum_fallacy and http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Sorites_paradox "The cashier made a big deal about it when I went through the checkout line, laughing loudly at my stupidity for purchasing such an expensive model and actually exhorting the cashier in the next lane to do the same.[..]I was really embarrassed;" I'm sorry you experienced something like that. That is a positively horrible thing to do to a customer. I would have gone straight through to the manager to complain. And then I would have told him I'm not buying it, and he can thank the two cashiers for that. That would have probably been quite a chunk of their salary that they wasted for the store. They would have probably gotten fired for it. It's one thing to give advice, and a nudge if a customer is misinformed by the sale staff. It's something completely different to mock/embarrass him for whatever smart/stupid buying decision he makes. On the plus side, at least you're glad about your purchase now and have gotten a good deal for your money 12 years later. And people wonder why inequality is supposedly increasing. Did we not ever stop to think that we're putting up barriers that prevent the poor from equalizing with the rich? "the right to live should not be dependent on the ability to pay" Wow, the rhetoric is strong in this one. Not only is this a catchy statement that will appeal to the masses, but it's also completely vague and devoid of any substance. I suppose if a medical treatment cost a few million dollars a pop, and it has to come out of his paycheck, he'll be very quick to put "buts" and "exceptions" in his statement. If people really thought like him, we'd be getting our governments to be spending huge sums of money on health/healthcare/medical research. But we don't. So either he's one of the few that think this way, or there is something else at play. " It is a long and tough debate, and there is no right answer. However, for those that think Cipla is all about saving the world, remember that it is a for-profit company. " Ah yes, the non-profit/for-profit organization fallacy. Boils down to something like: Organizations that don't make profits will only do good. Completely disregarding the fact that a lot/most of its leaders/workers are there working for-profit via a salary, and it's in their best interest to perpetuate their organization. And also there is an incentive to not fix the problem the organization is supposed to solve because that will mean the dissolution of the organization. Now, don't get me wrong. Some of these organizations do a whole world of good, have very passionate and dedicated individuals that are probably working for free, and there are a lot of causes that benefit greatly from their presence. But let's not fool ourselves into putting non-profit organizations on an almighty moral pedestal where we claim they can do no wrong. While simultaneously demonizing organizations that try to make a profit out of giving people what they want/need. Agreed, they already spend a huge sum of money on healthcare. My point was that they don't spend a "huge" enough amount of money to make "right to live" possible in all scenarios. "I'm an employee, it should also be my right to work more without the governement always taxing me extra." Working extra means you earn more. You live in a society that taxes a percentage of your earnings. What part of those two concepts don't you understand? I'm not using the deriving ought from is logical fallacy. I'm simply pointing out the facts, and the logical conclusions from that. But if you want to be all formal with your argumentation, here it is for you in all its simplistic and formal glory: P1. Taxes are based on percentage of earnings. P2. More work implies higher pay P3. You work more Conclusion1: Your pay is higher Conclusion2: You will pay higher taxes. And yet, a quarter of the whole budget gets spent on Medicare/Medicaid. That's more than the US war apparatus's spending, which is a mere 18%. Framer: "Sorry, only WebKit based browsers like Chrome and Safari are supported for now." I think you're just trying to be argumentative/pedantic for no reason that I can think of or immediately see. Besides, you took one interpretation of "should", and I took another; nothing wrong with both. So you can either choose to be pedantic and continue nitpicking, or you can admit you were wrong in accusing me of a logical fallacy, or bask in the glory that you just watched me make an actual fallacy (before my edit). It's unfortunate that the system for paying taxes has become so complicated. It's no wonder that people complain about rich people exploiting tax-law. Whereas they simply have the inclination/money to hire accountants that do the books properly, and give them the advice they need to keep their affairs in perfect-tax working order. Sure could, and I'm guessing the current law framework would semi-allow it. Do you think it would be different if people were allowed to own pieces of ocean/sea? Am I the only one that considers the title of this very "bait"-y? I mean, if you go on and read the article, it clearly shows that native PyPy is leaps and bounds faster than the JS version. So in essence, it re-iterates what most of us already know... That the PyPy implementation is much faster than the standard CPython one. It's just now we get to "prove" it in JS as well, as if it's some "suck it, python users" flaunt. On a side note: To the PyPy.js authors/devs, great job! Looking forward to playing around with this. I really don't understand this obsession with anonymous functions. If you're doing anything longer than one line, there is absolutely no reason why you should be sticking the entire function definition as a parameter. I've had great usage from Javascript where I have separate functions with proper names and formatting, and then pass a reference to them into the code that asks for them. Can someone please enlighten me about this whole anonymous functions thing that Javascript seems to have popularized? What are some of the pro's of using it over regular named/defined functions that sit by themselves and are reusable . "In a capitalist economy" And yet the only reason the price is this high is because there is a monopoly involved. Yes, government-granted, and given to Verisign. Indeed, you are right. I was quite curious about them, and I wanted to know if there was something I was missing. Some reasoning that I knew not of, and that others did. However, I'm about halfway through the chapter on "Higher order procedures" in the book you linked to, and have skimmed the rest of that chapter. And I've yet to find a valid pro for anonymous methods. Nothing I've found so far as to the benefit of using anonymous functions. It does however, continuously reiterate the benefit of being able to pass "procedures as arguments" and to be able to return them from normal functions. So far, that's been the only "pro" and it's one that's solved by function pointers or having functions as objects, and not by anonymous methods. I'm still open for convincing, genuinely. Here's another jewel from that chapter: " The resulting procedure is just as much a procedure as one that is created using define. The only difference is that it has not been associated with any name in the environment. " On a side note, your initial post was a tad condescending. The other post at least gave me the relevant chapter, instead of saying "here, read this for yourself". The least you could have done was give me a few short points why you think anonymous methods are superior in some way. Perhaps pointing me to a large blob of text was your way of deferring your own justifications for their use by not having to explain it to me (and as a consequence, yourself)? Thanks for the link to the relevant chapter! " This is why the current status quo has worked for so long: ISPs have no way to legally make profits out of "premium" traffic, so they (generally) don't apply outrageous QoS measures. Money is the only incentive, and removing that incentive solves the problem without the need for active policing. " And because they weren't allowed to charge extra for "premium" traffic, they essentially switched over to the over-subscription model in order to make profit. The tighter you squeeze, the stronger it oozes out the sides. And never in the place or way you wish it would!! " [..]throw overlays all around the screen " They've adapted. I've seen sites in the wild that do the opposite. Use CSS to hide all the content, and then use JS to enable proper viewing. "In python, it would be proper to say that ALL functions are lambdas except that some/most of those lambdas are assigned to variables via syntactic sugar" If a function is "assigned to a variable" then it's no longer a lambda, because it's bound to an identifier. But I suppose the lines are a tad blurred. Agreed. This used to be the case with Slashdot, but that became a shithole with the new management. Sorry for the language, but as a long-time reader and commenter on Slashdot, I was very bitter when stuff started going downhill. I've found HN to be a very good alternative. The comments/discussions were a bit iffy to get into at first with some trigger-happy downmods, but overall I think the conversation is very constructive. And there is a dearth of information and helpful things being said. [..]being said/posted on HN. Sorry, should have elaborated that sentence. Any idea where we can keep a pulse/view on that other galaxy? Wow, dearth does NOT mean what I though it does. Anyways, I meant to say "lots", which is the complete opposite of dearth. Thanks for being confused :) The docs for the defaultdict are here: https://docs.python.org/2/library/collections.html#collectio... And they pretty much say that there is only one method that's been overridden from the normal dict class. And all it does is it executes the anonymous method (lamda) you supplied instead of returning the default value you pass in. Also, this depends on your usage, and what you have in the lambda expression. I'm curious about your code, care to paste/link some of it for us? And if you really need to have a piece of your code execute really quickly, you can just make C extension that python can easily invoke. Correct. The behavior you are looking for is already in the standard dict class. You just pass in an extra parameter to the get method like so: dict.get("key", "my_default_value_if key_is_not_inserted_already") Ah yes, the old "just doing my job" line. If people can't hide behind that excuse, they'll be more inclined to act like responsible citizens and human beings. So please, this is not a witch hunt. It's merely us saying that normal people, like you and me, are behind some of the madness that could potentially affect a giant section of the population. Treat them like human beings, and maybe they'll take the initiative next time without our prompting. " How do you think the patent system ended up granting basically everything in the first place? Like with practically everything benefiting huge companies in the US, it's the result of intense corporate bri... lobbying. " Well, this is the effect of the democracy that you people have created and nurtured over the years. Why do you want to blame the companies that have stepped in to take advantage of the rules you have set forth? And yes, that includes giving them the power to affect the rules. "The system is certainly broken, but a broken lock does not justify a burglar's actions." Wow, that's such a loaded analogy. You're basically saying that they must willingly sacrifice themselves on the alter of the competition just because you don't agree that this is how the system is to be used. The system isn't "broken" in the conventional sense that it doesn't do what it was built to do. It's doing it perfectly, it's just that you didn't consider the implications of someone taking your laws and systems to their logical conclusion. All the " moral " companies that agree with your usage of the patent system have not taken advantage of the patent system. The ones you do see are the ones that don't agree with your usage. And for all we know, the former is struggling because it wasn't using all the potential advantages at its disposal like the " immoral " companies did. "We keep inventing jobs because of this false idea that everybody has to be employed" You make it seem like there is some entity or group of entities that thinks "Hey, let's go make up jobs". For what reason, you ask? Well, because he has to "justify his right to exist". That puts your argument in the same bucket as "karma", "quantum wellbeing", "deepak-nonsense" and "homeopathy". Seriously though. What is that rant even about? People don't have a right to exist. They just do . What they do have a right to is to be left alone and unharmed . If you can come up with some general system where 1 out of a thousand individuals willingly gives up his productivity so that the rest can "go back to school", then by all means go ahead. The keyword there being "willingly", and it pretty much means you won't ever come up with such a system. Until then, please stop telling other people what they should or shouldn't be doing. It's none of your business. "And all of this runs anathema to the usual sort of libertarian financial-might-makes-right of the tech world, unfortunately."? Woah, hold on there. Did you really just imply that "financial-might-makes-right" is a Libertarian thing/concept? That is absolutely not true, and I challenge you to prove otherwise. I'm honestly curious why you would even think that. If you do, then you've been drinking some seriously nasty statist koolaid, and we're here for you if you need some help getting over that addiction. With reasoned arguments, no less! That and they're positively obsessed with JavaScript, Node.js, and a coding style that favors ample and unnecessary usage of anonymous JavaScript functions as nested parameters. Gee, way to cherry-pick. How about you go back and read the two sentences that come after the one you quoted. Is that really how you have discussions with people? Blow up and scream bloody murder when you see something you remotely think is objectionable? It's very disingenuous. Everyone loves the low-prices of WalMart, but they then turn around and bitterly complain about the low-wages that WalMart pays their employees. Even if these employees could get a second job, what makes you think they will be able to find one? Unemployment is sky-rocketing in the US. Care to elaborate a little more about this 6 month rule, please? "the worst code usually came from the people with more "software engineering" expertise, but there was a catch: I can't think of any of them who were actually good programmers in the first place." So you basically define an entire group of people based on only the ones you've met. Even then, you admit that none of them are good. Thus, all "software engineers" are bad? If that's not what you were trying to say, then perhaps you should clarify a bit more. But it's how I interpreted what you were saying. And I probably wouldn't be the only one. It's called encapsulation/abstraction. You're not supposed to know the internal state of a class, and you shouldn't care if it's changing. The fact that you're complaining about that means you're not using those provided classes correctly. It's like complaining that a car isn't driving properly on ice. And that's because it wasn't meant to drive on ice, but rather on non-slippery surfaces. Perhaps you shouldn't try to pigeon-hole classes that were made for normal OO usage into your functional tastes. "a) A small core API instead of a sprawling standard class library" Using adjectives to accentuate, does not an argument make. "small/core" and "sprawling" all have loaded meanings. And if you wish to convert anyone but the already-converted sub-culture inhabitants, you should probably quantify what you mean and why it's a benefit. Sorry if this post is long for people. As someone running NoScript to enable/disable Javascript per domain. I had to grant about a dozen different domains the ability to run javascript in order to view this page as the authors meant it. Here is a list of those domains: Scratch that, I just counted and it's not a dozen. It's 21 different domains! firstround.com adroll.com disquscdn.com googleapis.com manetate.net mxpnl.com addthis.com tynt.com disqus.com cloudfront.net wistia.com fonts.com facebook.com gstatic.com linkedin.com s3.amazonaws.com gaug.es umanoapp.com twitter.com typekit.com google-analytics.com This is the sort of thing I see on what I like to call ad-mill websites. Pretty much the seedy tabloids of the internet, and it's unfortunate that their message will probably not reach people that aren't willing to enable javascript willy-nilly for every domain this site decided it needs. Shouldn't we take care to draw a distinction between healthcare and health insurance . It seems these days that a lot of people are confused about the distinction. And it tends to somewhat vary from country to country. Note, I live in South Africa, not the US. Personally, I'd love a comeback of proper health insurance . I.e. where day-to-day healthcare costs are not covered, but only the major items that would really put dents in your wallet. Currently I pay quite a bit for a combination of the two, while I'm convinced that if the two were separated then my costs, as a healthy young adult, would be quite a fair bit lower. Correct me if I'm using the wrong terms/definitions They have nurtured it if they did nothing to stop it. Either way, they set up their form of governance initially and then didn't bother to continuously monitor it and adjust accordingly. They deserve everything that is happening to them precisely because of their in-action through their crappy voting. It may not be nice, but that's the reality of it. At this stage, only radical things will fix it. " if it were ever to be subject to a specific vote then I'm certain that the vast majority of american voters would be against this. " Yes, there is the rub. They probably would vote that way, I agree with you. Except they can't. They're divided and powerless to demand any sort of referendum. Heck, one need only look at recent approval polls for congress/president/law to see that the majority are NOT happy. Yet, they plow on and do nothing except whine and vote. Why? Are you implying that it's going to do something nefarious because it's made by an Asian/Chinese company? How would you feel if people said that about American products? Maybe I should be scared about getting irradiated from American products because Americans have killed a metric ton of people using nuclear weapons within the last century? I just had a look and all the methods that were listed were taught to me as a kid. Then again, I went to "British" schools in the third world when I was a kid, so that might have something to do with it. The methods that the Reddit user was saying was the "normal" way were completely alien to me. Both because they had no instructions, and because I wasn't taught them as a kid/ever. Read the comments in the Reddit link. It was apparently posted on the 1st of April. Now I'm seriously confused. I can't tell if you're serious, or trolling? These are peoples' lives they are affecting. "Hope" and "politics" shouldn't be a part of the decision making process. You could have just linked to the article in question, rather than calling me an "ass". But thanks. What on earth are you going on about? What exactly was I obtuse about? And for that matter, what is ambiguous about calling me an "ass"? Especially in the tone the OP used it, which was as some sort of insult because he disagreed with my opinion. Being able to apply "common core" to a cross-section of schools, one would have been able to control for a lot of the "unknowns" and common "problems" that is complained about in education. Sadly, they didn't do that and instead pigeon-holed this solution onto all schools. Wonderful opportunity missed, for the sake of politics. I'm not aware of the phonics things, though? Care to elaborate on it? " To me the value is that it's obviously the right direction. " Yes, but if all we're going on is "hope" and "politics", then we have absolutely no way of knowing if it's the right direction as you say. As the other poster mentioned, they could have easily done some studies of common core before throwing it at the wall to see if it sticks. Change is never good if it's for its own sake. It may be intuitive for us to think that "mechanical learning" isn't the right approach to solving literacy in subject X, but we could very well be entirely wrong. The point I was trying to draw upon was the parent's initial comment about "let's do Y, and hope it works". Hoping is absolutely no substitute for hard research with tests and controls. Why should they? It doesn't mean that they're classist, or snobbish or anything. If the "problems" affect their work life, and as a consequence the profitability of the business, then it's a purely practical decision to make. Now, some people choose to give people more chance than they deserve because they're nice. Nothing wrong with that. But make no mistake, someone who brings their "problems" to work doesn't deserve that job because they're not willing to put in effort to separate the two. There are dozens of willing, able, and motivated candidates who will do better. I have absolutely no idea why you're being down modded. But it sounds like you've struck an uncomfortable observation, and people don't like it. Looks like she's got an axe to grind, and doesn't like getting side-tracked by the topic you mention. As evidenced by her rant about it, and her comment-deletions. "* If you just let the market do its thing, then fewer people will have access to Internet overall.*" Care to add some justification or reasoning behind this gigantic leap? Well, you did also point out that HR is dominated by women. So that means that the hiring process is also dominated by women in quite a few workplaces. Combine that with the observations from the study, and all of a sudden we're put in the uncomfortable situation of explaining the apparently incongruent end-results of hiring processes favoring less-attractive women which doesn't fit the currently "accepted" paradigm of "men are sexist against women in the workplace". And you're completely right, the issue is not simple in any way. We're stuck making half-observations, trying to make connections between disparate points, etc. But what that tells me is that we're dealing with a very vague, soft, and ultimately subjective issue. Which people are trying to measure using quantitative, hard measurements. You're not nice if you let your problems affect your work to a large extent. There is only so much we can expect an employer to bear. And to be honest, that largely depends on your usefulness to the employer. Unfortunately, that means that since lower-paid workers are more easily replaceable, that the employer is less willing to bear with the problems. You have quite a few muddled definitions that you trip yourself over in your post. First you say that you're an engineer, which means you're an "applied scientist". Then afterwards you go on to claim that computer scientists aren't really "engineers" by your definition. Then further down you go on and say that they're instead "specialists". Sounds like you just had to find another word other than "Engineer" there, so you picked specialist. Then again... You mention that the job of an "engineer" is to "develop a solution". Well, that's pretty much what a software developer or software engineer would do. They're all grey, and it sounds like you're not quite sure of your own definitions. I can't tell if you're just confused about what all these terms mean to you, or you're just hurriedly trying to justify your own internal view of superiority over "non-engineers" because you're a "mechanical engineer" and don't like being on the same plane as them. All in all, I should probably disclose that I've had this argument a few times with "engineers" in the physical sciences. They all had a vested interest in protecting the term engineer because if they didn't, it would devalue their worth and the degree they hold. And the government-body given "accreditation" that they lord over people for higher pay. Doesn't sound like you read the whole article. The author specifically addresses the "but my gym is doing it correctly, it's the others that aren't" cult-like mentality. Each gym does it, and it's a form of indoctrination. This comment addresses that quite a bit: https://news.ycombinator.com/item?id=7762796 The US started a war on poverty somewhere in the 50/60s, I think. And it's been increasing ever since. " They are also gated communities that have the worst "Fuck You, Got Mine" mentality. " Oh, so what mentality would you like them to have? How about: " Here, come on in, we missed you since the last riot! " I'm completely not understanding this weird jump of yours where you go from "gated communities" to stereotyping such behavior as one that is due to a " Fuck You, Got Mine " attitude. Oh and it's mostly by racist white people , according to you. Just let people be, and quit trying to meddle. It's really not rocket science. Why do you have to vilify people you don't like? If they were doing something truly bad, then you wouldn't need to vilify them by calling them racists or selfish. I think, deep down, you know you have no argument. And you're simply fishing for approval by throwing around boogey-words that people are accustomed to reacting to in the way you want. Well, I'd be more inclined to believe it if we had some sort of reference to it. I couldn't even find anything using casual searches. So I'd say it very well is something that's made up and/or propagated by people that seek to discredit gated communities. You can't just pass off second-hand "rumours" as facts. Even if it's something that's "commonly known", we'd be doing a disservice to those that live in gated communities that aren't racist at all. As someone who comes from a country where bandwidth caps are the norm. I can tell you that you have no idea how easy it is to control/monitor your usage. You're spoiled by having huge bandwidth pipes and caps, so you have no notion about how to conserve and utilize it efficiently. Wireless is the predominant form of internet access in the majority of Africa. The poor might not have a place to sleep, but I guarantee you, they have a cheap cellphone. The slightly better off have a smart phone or blackberry with data access. It might not be perfect. They might not be able to watch Netflix or hours of educational videos on youtube, but it's a start and better than what the poor have traditionally had since ever. Please stop moving the goal posts, it's intellectually dishonest. It's the dirty little secret about democracy/government that no one wants to mention. Everyone has grand ideas, and noble causes. But no one has the political balls, or the support of the people to actually fix it with actual solutions. So it's this constant back/forth game of funding and blame... and it never fully solves the problem. All it does is siphon funds from the public into the pockets of the politically connected ruling class and make it seem like the problem requires "just a little more" funding to make it work. Well there is one option for funding websites. I'm sure ingenious people will come up with dozens more. Instead of how it is now where they are forced to squander their creativity making sites that are ad-funded. Not all of the web is ad-funded, and it's just a matter of us giving that part of the web a chance. Telepresence teaching for the poor? Are you actually serious? Rather just fix the schools, please. Instead of throwing money at a "problem" that you invented a need for. I know as tech people we're inclined to think that more tech can always fix the world's problems. But that's a venus project type of fly-trap, and we must be careful not to fall for it! There is no "ASS" icon. What they mean is that the RSS logo looks like it's contains "ASS". Yes, that took me a few minutes to figure out. Just thought I'd save at least some of you those few minutes. I thought the point of viewing panoramas was that it was seamless at the edges? I.e. it wraps around. PanoPanda does not do this, and it seems like it's just a simple app to "view image at different zoom levels + panning". " > Should you get paid near $80k a year for the next 26 years when you are not working? Yes. Why not? " They got paid a salary their entire working career, which they should have been taking out of to save up for retirement. You know, like the rest of society does. You can afford it, of course! Assuming you take debt out against your unborn children, and grandchildrens' future labor. If you're fine with that then keep repeating: "Yes we can!" Some of the stats I've seen claim that the US has trillions in unfunded liabilities such as these pension funds. Anyone have any concrete stats we can reference? So the politicians wanted to have their cake and eat it, no I get that perfectly. On the one hand they promise large future payouts to gullible public servants. And on the other hand they get to pander to the general public about how they've reduced the budget (or not increased it). Ridiculous. For that matter, why is the city in the business of trying to make a profit out of peoples' pensions? And even then there was no accountability or repercussions for politicians that decided to dip their fingers into the pension investment pools. And the last thing that I'd like to add in response. I think the reason why most people are shocked at this article, is because they've been conditioned and drilled with the thought that public servants are under-paid. But as you say, the public servants did this on "purpose" as a risk-mitigating process. If that's the case, then they need to stop yapping incessantly in the public sphere about how they're paid less in comparison to their private counterparts. "Often, these government workers are also raising families and putting their kids through school. Without such a pension plan, this would not be possible and many (especially single parent) families of government working households would be stuck to a threshold close to the poverty line." Please can you explain to me, honestly. Why would someone that has children or plans to willingly choose to take a pay cut in exchange for a big pension fund? Sounds very selfish, because it implies that these people want to struggle to pay for their children's upbringing and education just so that they could have a "cushy middle-class" retirement when the kids are out of the house. That is the quote and justification one of the posters below used when explaining why it's okay that they get huge pensions instead of using their salary to save up for retirement like the rest of society. " I think it's great that police officers, teachers and gov't employees with seniority make six figures with pension in some of the better unionized municipalities. " That would be great and all if the money to pay for these things wasn't being taken out of your unborn children's unearned earnings . Eventually it'll pop, and all the good we gained by paying "public servants" big pensions will vanish as the rest of society crumbles paying untold debts that they never had a decision in. So, nodefan, are we actually going to get concrete technical reasons? Or are you just going to try shove down the old "look how many github projects for javascript are popping up" and "look how many javascript job openings there are" stories again? "That's how capitalism works (under ideal conditions). Everyone tries to make the best possible deal for themselves, not just politicians." Well, the common tying nature between capitalism and what I we're describing there is human nature. Which, I would say, has strong under-currents of greed. The difference between the thing we're discussing and capitalism/free-market is that in the latter, greed can't manifest it's ugly head with absolute state power. It's tempered by being required to provide to the rest of society a valuable good/service, that they request. "The second may or may not actually be a problem depending on the terms at which the city borrows the money. Regardless, that's also not related to pensions specifically, since the city can borrow money at stupid terms from anyone, not just the pension fund." Well, I'm not sure about borrowing as such. But I was referring to politicians/finance committees using up the capital in pension funds, and then having to pay pensioners their pension yearly from new tax-money that comes in. So in essence, they destroy the buffer and end up just siphoning new funds into pensions that start maturing. "Over the years since then, private corporations have lowered the salaries they pay (usually by not keeping up with inflation as opposed to actual pay cuts, though that happens, too) most of their workers, so public sector jobs have become much more competitive." That may be the case, I haven't looked at the raw data to refute that. But I'd add that perhaps the corporations lowered the salaries because of a slouching/badly performing market. In which case it's the rest of society that is subsidizing the now-cushy jobs of the public sector. On top of having to deal with their (possibly) under-paid jobs in the private sector. "I have a few problems with many of the implicit assumptions in this statement; specifically that there is an agreed upon way to value a pension, that there is an agreed upon way to value the value of the risk-mitigation of a pension plan, that there is little variation in the ratio of the total compensation public workers earn to a market rate salary across all government workers, that all government workers are yapping incessantly about being paid less than market rate when using total compensation instead of just salary (combined with the previous assumption: as opposed to just the ones that are currently underpaid), and that only the workers are benefiting (or that they benefit much more than the city) from such a deal." I agree with you to an extent on this point. We are making a lot of assumptions in this discussion, and we're clumping together disparate values to attempt a comparison. I'm probably not the person to debate with on the finer details because I will interpret most of these things from my anarcho-capitalist viewpoint of the state. So to me, generalizing things to what they actually are is much more meaningful than endlessly comparing apples and oranges within the complicated framework of the state. "On a side note, it's disappointing to see people want to drag the public sector workers down to a their (possibly only just perceived) lower level instead of wanting to drag themselves up to the public sector workers' level." There are probably multiple things at play here regarding peoples' opinion of public sector workers. To me, at least, I see them as leeches of the state. They represent a class of individuals that are permanently dependent on leeching the benefits given to them by the state. They will fight tooth and nail for the benefits that they get from the state, to the detriment of society by preventing a possibly different form of governance from emerging. Now, don't get me wrong, these are probably good people that don't deserve to have their livelihood yanked from underneath them. But I am forced to acknowledge the fact that change is very very difficult because we have so many people reliant on (what I would view) very unnecessary benefits. "He already pled guilty." Looks like someone didn't bother to click through to the meaty articles about that point. The police dropped all charges against him, and he plead to a misdemeanor with a fine. Imagine this... You find out your partner of who knows how long, has been having unprotected sex for money for (I think the article said years). I say she deserves a beating if that was true. In my book, she's throwing dice around with his life/health. And if they have kids, she's messing with their future and well-being as well. Horrible, and just goes to show that sexism is alive and well, but not as they portray it. Because we're up in arms about a guy smacking around someone who happens to be female, because she put his life in danger. People on the internet love being outraged. And this article is just fanning the shit around even more to further their cause. I feel for them, and there might even be true discrimination out there against women, but attention seeks like the ones in this article are doing them a disservice. If not out right mocking them by using their problems for personal PR. It's disappointing that they had to do that at all. Equality can be achieved without bashing anyone. You're getting downvoted probably because you're making people uncomfortable. It doesn't fit their world-view, and they will do their best to shut you down so that they don't have to face themselves on their predecided views/opinions. People refuse knowledge because it means responsibility. Because you don't have a response other than to cherry pick sentences that sound bad out of context? Go right ahead, buddy. What, because it's in reference to a woman? Everyone's so smitten and keen to come to their aide, like shining white knights. But if it comes to a man, you would have no problem about it. That is the real sexism that no one wants to talk about, and it's rife in this thread. Endangering someone else's life deserves a beating, man or woman . Agreed. The first step to fixing any vague/grey problem is calling it by its real name. If only we could hold our politicians to such a standard, patent reform wouldn't be an issue as it'd already be fixed. If they have difficulty grasping those concepts, then they shouldn't be working with them. They should rather stick to plain ascii/latin-1 and leave the fancy things to people that know what they're doing. Python3 in this case wouldn't be a silver bullet to make them magically work with unicode better. I think you over-estimate exactly how many lines of code it takes to port from 2 to 3. It's not that much, unless you plan on using all the new features of 3. Well one person's surge of ignorance is another person's surge of exaggerating ignorance. Perhaps you should ask the question "Has anyone seen any studies on whether there really is a surge of " Sure is. But he's choosing not to withdraw it from the other guy's account. No one is keeping it from him. Your source was for a surge in men's rights activism, not ignorance. Perhaps the surge in ignorance that you're seeing is your own biased opinion on the matter? I'm sorry, I don't speak marketing. Care to translate what you just said for us non-initiated? Wow, "little boys"? "Butthurt"? Sounds like you are really biased on the matter, and I'd suggest you don't flaunt it as anything remotely resembling "logical". I couldn't find one, either. Perhaps the author should re-think this before re-posting to HN. I was genuinely curious, but just don't have the time. Interesting quote from that page: "Today, around 89% of Friends worldwide practice programmed worship [6]—that is, worship with singing and a prepared message from the Bible, often coordinated by a pastor." Note the usage of the phrase "programmed worship". Bit of an unintended pun there. The OP asked for a non-artificial minimum wage increase. Not a simple "wage" increase. There is nothing non-artificial about a minimum wage, nor it's increase counterpart. Probably would, but it's really just shifting the costs elsewhere. With the "welfare-tit" as you call it, the taxpayers are paying the cost of the poor ish via welfare paid for by taxes. But when you increase the minimum wage, it'd end up just shifting the costs to higher overall prices, which everyone will bear... including the poor it's meant to help. I suppose you could argue that this might cut into business owners' profits, but that's a stretch. As they'd most likely just raise prices to cover the new operating costs. > " Rather tough on those whose energy and skills do not warrant employing them at that rate. The alternative for borderline businesses is to find ways of not employing anyone at all. " That's the dirty little secret that no one wants to talk about when it comes to the minimum wage. Especially in discussions where everyone is compelled to make feel-good arguments in support of stuff, without thinking of the long-term consequences. Sure, we'd all like it if all people could live comfortably, and it is a noble goal. But the minimum wage is not the way to do it. I take it you didn't read the rest of my comment? The business will just shift the costs off to the consumers again. They will not "take one for the team" by reducing their profits. Okay, and? We all know that operating costs will rise if the wages paid to employees goes up. The question is, how will those cost increases be paid for. Less profit, higher price of service/product? Not to mention that a 1-2% in operating cost could be a drastic reduction in profit, or increase in price. It depends on the business. And the proposed increase is 100%, not 10% as cited in the article so can we assume that "operating costs will go up by 10-20%? Not sure. This is like the 3rd or 4th post I've seen where you quote the same studies. Make a root comment, please, so we can all debate it and post counter-studies. "of course. the day a company, when faced with larger profits, decides "hey, let's give it all to our workers through an increase in pay" is when i'll believe the libertarians ;)" This has nothing to do with Libertarianism, nor any of it's main tenets. It's called charity, and you'd do well to disassociate it with petty political ideology. There is a similar one, for python, here: http://www.pythontutor.com/visualize.html#mode=edit On a side note, does anyone know of a way to "visualize" possible code execution paths? Sort of like a control-flow graph, where one can easily count/see the cyclomatic complexity of a piece of code? A library that does it? Then it's not a company, or they're not employees. Gee, I wish I could just make up random re-definitions of long-established words so I could win arguments. Because it's easier to blame others than blame oneself. They'd rather coast through life constantly blaming their woes on others' successes (whether just, stolen, or inherited). I take it as an opportunity to motivate myself. Nothing wrong with jealousy, as long as you use it as a motivator instead of a mental air-bag. "One of my very biggest complaints about the economic climate today is that all of the productivity gains go to the owners, and very little to workers." You are an owner, of yourself and the mental/physical capital that that encompasses. If you feel the way you do, then you're obviously not happy with the way you're selling yourself and your knowledge. I believe they're complaining because it comes from "TheDailyMail". Sometimes people acquire biases towards certain news sources, and then completely ignore pieces from it regardless if it's reasonably true or not, simply by virtue of it coming from "TheDailyMail". Similar to how people grow biases towards Fox/VoA. So Scandinavian eugenics programs don't count as "crap politics"? Look, every part of the world currently has something wrong with it. I was just as shocked to find this as everyone reading this: http://www.economist.com/node/155244 http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Compulsory_sterilisation_in_Swe... It's a case of "keep repeating it and maybe it'll be true, someday, err, I hope". It's something you often see when people make mental investments into certain paths/things/ideas. And then they have to keep repeating it, both in order to try make it true, and to shield themselves from reality. Sort of like node.js Like I just upvoted your comment? Because it had JS in the body... Just kidding, I agree completely with you. It's currently very "in vogue" to promote anything remotely related to JS or Node. I always say, right tool for the job, and if that happens to be JS/Node, great. However, sometimes it feels like these JS pushers have JS as their proverbial hammer, and every single problem they encounter is a nail to be hammered (with JS). Examples: Most online discussions involving race, religion, politics, morality. Info: http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Cognitive_dissonance Sure, the same resource is being utilized by many people. But that's not sharing, as sharing implies either co-ownership or free-use to others other than the owner. It's renting utility of a resource for a fix period of time. Not sharing, or part of a "share-economy". Though I can understand calling it a "share-economy" in order to combat the massive propaganda movement by entrenched taxi lobbies/industries/groups that seem to want to vilify services such as uber/lyft/etc. We also have it in Africa ... Although only relatively new. It's bad for them because the market has, over time, negated the advantages of all the monopoly privileges they used to have. Yeah, because people keep having children, that they can't or can barely afford to raise and/or college-educate. It's unfortunate, as it's a wonderful thing that everyone should have a chance at doing. But I'd never do that if I was unable to provide for and give a good education to my spawn. Sadly, many people do so with no thought for the future other than thinking the state will fix it, burdening all the rest of us because we're kind. #Edit, yeah for some odd reason this opinion isn't flying so well with someone on HN. I am disappointed, I figured people are reasonable and can see the merit of not wanting to bring a child into this world that they can't take care of. Perhaps people would rather they bring a child into this world, innocent and naive, and then throw it to the wolves while crying to the state to fix a problem they created and inflicted on an innocent ? Shame on you. " Free enterprise/big-corp solving the cost of education/college issue when our government couldn't will be a big win for the laissez-faire folks. " I'm sure you'd find quite a few Libertarians that would like the idea, and see it as a good "proof-of-concept". On the other hand, you'll find Libertarians like me. We're pissed off because the government is taking our tax-money on the pretense of fixing these issues, and has nothing to show for it. These are all problems that we expect to be fixed using our money, and yet it's not happening. It just get's dragged along, year after year, election after election. Meanwhile, millions and billions (or whichever amount) is spent on useless endeavors such as foreign intervention/meddling, and wars. " Now does that really seem like an unreasonable number of children for a couple to have? I mean if 1 or 2 children are too much for the average family, do you suggest that only the extremely wealthy should reproduce? " I think you're over exaggerating here. I'm not saying the wealthy should only be allowed to have kids. Nor am I prescribing the "amount" of children anyone should have. I'm simply stating/complaining about people that have kids that they can't afford to take care of. I think that's horrible. And let's be honest, most poor people do not have the resources, or healthy social support structures from family to raise a healthy adult through childhood. I'm all for communities taking care of those in need, and those who end up having kids they can't take care of. But we all need to understand that it is reckless behavior on the part of those that create those children knowing full well that they can not take care of them like they deserve. It's immoral to bring children into this world that you can not take care of. Period. What part of that don't you understand? What part of that simple statement do you want to twist and mangle to suit your worldview? I'm not going to bother responding. I get down modded anyways for perfectly reasonable comments on uncomfortable topics. You can figure out what I have to say from my previous comments. Are you sure about that? I find people are incredibly hostile towards Libertarian concepts and ideas. However, the idea of simply holding government accountable for stuff that they already keep professing to want to fix seems like something a whole lot more people would agree on. By take care of, I mean "feed, clothe, educate to higschool level, pay for standard/basic medical care, and provide a relatively safe environment to grow up in". Is that really all that bad of a "requirement"? If the parents need to ask for assistance from the state for basic things such as the items above, then I'd argue that they're not able to take care of children. Most of the items are given to them by the state anyways, and they still don't "manage". The example you provide is indeed a valid one. But one that only presents itself because of the nature of "public property". That's why you had a situation where a few of you were compelled to pay for the snow clearing, while others' still had usage of those roads. In a truly free society, there would be no such thing as "public property". It would all be private, and usage of that road would have to be paid for by those that want to use it. And the owner of said private property would maintain that property such that it would provide value for all those that wish to pay for usage of it. Did you ever consider that maybe those individuals on those houses don't use those roads? Maybe they walk, bicycle, or are plain hermits? (Odds are they aren't, but I'm sure there are a few). You want to work with absolutes, and then deny that aggression is present. Do you want to argue that taking money from someone in return for something they don't use is not aggression? How about a thief taking money from your wallet on the counter, and then handing you a sack of grain in return? Would you say that's not aggression? If you don't mind me asking. Who pays for the bandwidth cost of running "giggr"? It doesn't look like you have any ads running. Or are you monetizing on it in some other way? " I'm not entirely convinced about websocket solutions in Python yet, but I've been told flask-websockets is awesome. Nevertheless this doesn't solve the problem for you. Cause the request is just keeping an open line and waiting for a response....blocking is bad. " Tornado only blocks if you do something silly. It's event based, and can keep hundreds of connections open and waiting for it's async response event before actioning/responding the open connection. " The most simplest advise I would have is to have the ajax request trigger a background task and return immediately. The background task will then have some kind of side effect (ie. write some result to a database somewhere) which the ajax request can the look for with some kind of polling mechanism (on some other endpoint). " Wow, overkill much? Polling is bad, and is exactly the kind of bad solution that a lot of these libraries are in place to prevent developers from needing to do. Websockets were made to solve the long-polling and poll-spamming that was prevalent. Now all you have to do is keep a light, open web-socket connection to the server. And the server, being async/evented, will respond when the task is good and ready. Nice and clean. Obviously that's a rhetorical question. You don't actually want to know, you're just fishing. Because no answer will be sufficient for you, you'll just claim "that doesn't encompass" all poor people. So, let's skip all that, and you tell me what your actual point/argument is? "This is the question that they cannot answer for themselves and it makes them bitter." They can answer it, they just don't want to because they know it would make them feel uncomfortable. Facing one's own flaws and self-perceived failings is a difficult task. "imaginenore", I see you like straw men, here is another one for you: And on the other side of the coin, we have a legion of well-fed, opinionated individuals who, from the comforts of their warm home, tell the poor: "You can not help yourself, only we can help you, using the state. Don't mind me and how I got here, that's irrelevant, what's relevant is that WE are the only ones that can help you!" - With the implied assumption that the poor are pathetic and can't help themselves. "Most people who are rich are so because they have power which they exercise over the poor." Define "power"? What does it mean to you? More so, what do you mean when you claim that the rich exercise power over the poor? If internet porn has taught me anything, it's that no matter what it is, or how weird it may be, someone out there gets off watching/doing it. Instead of picking just one, here's an entire google search term for you to ponder over: http://lmgtfy.com/?q=illegal+to+feed+homeless It's neat and all, but please Mozilla, don't include this with Firefox. At the very least, have a separate lean-version that doesn't have this "fluff" included. And a developer/power-user version that includes it. I understand that web-app development is big, and it's the "new-desktop", but that doesn't mean that this awesome browser should include everything and the kitchen sink. "* it's a U.S. bureaucracy issue*" It's an issue everywhere, not just in the US. I quote the parent poster: "The US has lower generic prices that most of the EU " Emphasis mine. Perhaps, if they were consistently "cheaper" than the US, fine. But your singular example doesn't quite contradict the person you're responding to. So it actually is the case, unless you prove your findings for other EU countries. I have no idea if that's the case, just pointing out the obvious flaw in your logic. Perhaps a little too-quick to look for contradictions if you disagree with the general point? You mean, this "lamotrigene": http://www2.costco.com/Pharmacy/DrugInfo.aspx?p=1&SearchTerm... The one that costs $17.22 for 50 100mg tablets ? Sounds like you might be getting ripped off wherever you bought your medicine. I'd also be curious to know this. Ghostery was quite an eye-opener when I first tried it. Everytime you go to a site, it lists all the items that it blocked on that page. I'm curious, are there any plans for having offline-type functionality? I am especially curious because not everyone stores their code on public/cloud repositories. Especially source code that is for private contracts and government agencies which have strict rules regarding the source code. And thereby forcing them to try figure out "who" is creating the poison data, which seems like quite a difficult problem to solve. *Edit:typo. Could someone enlighten me and explain why Heroku sends TERM signals to the running processes? Doesn't sound very healthy, that's for sure. Nor something I'd personally tolerate from someone I'm purchasing a "cloud hosting" service from. Is it simply a case that this is the way that Heroku responds to being told to shutdown an instance? If so, why isn't the managing app that sends the shutdown call to the instance also handling the graceful "shutdown" of the processes on that instance? We're not all bio-chemists... enlighten us. " You have to wonder what the economic impact would be if government policy were driven by a top ten list of quality-of-life issues. " Not all issues boil down to "economic impact". Nor is it the only determining factor when deciding on such matters. You have to take into account peoples willingness, or lack thereof to do these things you speak of. Otherwise, you'll have to concede that all you're trying to do is maximize peoples' output for the purpose of benefiting the country, as if it were a farm. " Heroku sends them as a normal course of operations. " Wow, I didn't actually know that. Makes me glad I didn't pick Heroku recently for one of my mini-projects. It requires long-running processes. I guess Heroku "dynos" are more suited for "worker" type jobs, then. In which case, sending the TERM signal to all processes isn't necessarily a really bad way of notifying the worker to shut down. Although, we are in 2014, and I don't see why they can't easily come up with a more robust solution. Even if it's in the form of a "shut-down" process, or giving the worker more than 10s to shutdown. May I ask where you got your front page image? Stock photo site? You should probably know: You just lost a sale/install because you only target one platform, a mobile one even. I take it when they say "Star Trek", they're actually talking about the United Federation of Planets, and Starfleet... with their supposedly "unlimited" resources. Of course, they don't go into details otherwise they'd quickly realize that it's not really a post-scarcity economy. It might be a "post-scarcity" on a lot of resources that we currently find scarce, but not in the true definition. E.g. labor is scarce, property is scarce, and energy is scarce. Also, Remember they need a mined resource to power those giant warp-cores that make it seem like they have unlimited energy to "create" any resource. Much like the laws of physics constrain us from creating a perpetual motion machine, they also constrain us from having a post-scarcity economy. " where is the limit to replicators? " Well, replicators require energy to run. And that energy is created by using up a mined resource (Trilithium/Dilithium/or something). They unfortunately gloss over a lot of these issues in the show, for simplicity and entertainment. Unless it's part of a "plot device", then they make things scarce. It's unfortunate, definitely. I would have liked a desktop/web "client", if you will. But android/windows, definitely. Look forward to trying this on a platform I have. Ah yes, the old "it'll work, we just need more money , promise!". We've been hearing that one since the beginning of the democratic form of governance. Guess you haven't looked at the recent graphs of US budget spending, otherwise you would have figured out that " more money " doesn't necessarily solve the problem. Hint: Most, if not all, the additional money gets eaten up by newly created bureaucracy. " most things are already taken care of. " Note how you used the word "most" instead of all. I see what you're saying, but it relies on a lot of details being glossed over. We'd essentially have to live in some sort of utopian society where the universe magically auto-aligns and adjusts everything so that everything and everyone is equal, and has the exact same things. Because, as soon as something is unequal, it's scarce in one place and abundant in another. If that happens, then we've created a market for exchange, and we're back to scarcity economics again. Granted, we're getting into philosophical grounds now, but do you understand what I'm trying to say? "They are basically an anarcho-capitalist society, bordering on kleptocracy." I completely and utterly disagree with that statement. See here: http://en.memory-alpha.org/wiki/Ferengi I pasted that link because I didn't think you knew that the Ferengi had a government and governing structure. But then I realized that it could be the opposite...that you don't know what anarcho-capitalism is. So here is a link, please read it, and don't confuse anarcho-capitalism with any form of immoral government. http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Anarcho-capitalism Thanks very much! That's just what I was looking for. " Considering the brain needs to sleep to fixate memories, your approach is better. " There are two other components to this that you're glossing over. Sleep helps with long-term memory. So if your plan is to study-ahead and be prepared for the exam, fine. But then the second component comes in to play. People that are cramming for the exam are doing so because they didn't study ahead. For that second group of people, sleep is actually the last thing they need. What good is remembering something long-term, if you never actually "learned" it in the first place. And let's be honest, people that are cramming for exams, are not the type to have learned the content before, either. (Though I generalize a bit there) Didn't you read the latest news on war? Apparently, they claim that a lack of it makes the economy stagnate. " I feel quite uneasy about the idea of telling people not to give money to the homeless. " If that makes you feel uneasy, I'm curious to know how you'll feel about the things this search will show you: http://lmgtfy.com/?q=illegal+feed+homeless+people "And this year, roughly 2,000 people - mostly white men - have paid between $45 and $100 to " You know, gotta keep pumping up that stereotype, hey: "Libertarians are nothing but a bunch of selfish rich white men." Oh, and asking whether or not he wanted to pay for the road never came in to play, huh? You're essentially saying they're greedy, and don't want to pay something they are using. This couldn't be farther from the truth, and only works to further encourage those who are already blindly opinionated one way on the issue. Ask any anarcho-capitalist or libertarian if they are willing to pay for usage of a private road. And most, if not all will say yes. Because the state has taken up ALL the arable land on the entire planet. There is no where for them to go. If you show me a place that is exempt from laws and people can willingly go to peacefully make their own state, then by all means, we'll show you a libertarian or anarcho-capitalist society. Let me just say this again, because it needs to be said over and over again. All the arable and usable land has been taken over and controlled by the state. All . "But the inconsistency strikes me as odd." Hello, I'll be your friendly anarcho-capitalist for the day. If you have any questions, please feel free to ask away. You say that as if those things are bad? They're not necessarily bad. The beauty of Libertarianism is it doesn't matter. We are all equal in our fundamental rights as human beings, even if some choose to be ignorant. Currently, in the supposedly "democratic" and "free" world with a state government we have varieties of classes and hierarchies of people. Some have benefits, some are favored, others are despised and denied rights. I'll take my Libertarian supposed "ignorance" over Democracy's fake "equality of all" non-sense that is pretty much double-speak. The main difference, if I understand what you're asking, is consent. As an example, I'll use myself. I currently live in a sort of "shared" property. We have private components (houses), and shared components (facilities, gardens, pool, etc) in between that we all have access to. We all consent to paying a monthly levy so that maintenance and communal things are taken care of. This includes insurance for damage to our property, and all sorts of stuff. We also have a set of rules that we all agree on, and vote on periodically, etc. Not much unlike a state. The main difference being I can just up and move to a different one if I don't really like this one. As someone who's also emigrated a few times, I'll let you know that it's not as easy as they claim. No one assumed, or coerced us in to this agreement. We as sound-minded individuals consented to it. We weren't automatically put into such an agreement by virtue of being born on this land. Would you call it theft if I went and mowed your lawn (without you asking), and then had your employer deduct my fee/charge for doing so from your paycheck? Also, take care when discussing this topic. Libertarianism is a bit different to anarcho-capitalism. Libertarians generally feel that we still need government to do basic things such as enforce "laws" and provide state protection. Not ideal, but for a lot of people, it's a starting point into attempting to devise a perfectly moral system founded on sound first-principles. "Certainly you can see the appeal of being able to live on a river that isn't polluted, or being able to drink water that isn't contaminated?" That's called damage to property (my body, or my section of the river), or possibly an act of aggression. Both are covered by anarcho-capitalist and libertarian philosophies. "The only reason you can do that is because big brother uses those ("taken by force") taxes to keep the poor factory owner (who just wants to be left alone) from dumping his mercury where ever he wants." Ah, yes... I see: http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Deepwater_Horizon_oil_spill I don't demand any sort of levy from them. They're on my property, and they need to leave. If they don't, I'll have to forcibly remove them. Nothing about libertarianism or anarcho-capitalism prevents me from using defensive force. If my property, or safety are harmed/infringed upon, then I have the right to defend myself and property. That depends on how we transition to a free society. But it'd probably have to be like this: http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Homestead_principle Also includes support to run both: Interoperability with RhodeCode 2.2.5 installations is provided so you don't have to immediately commit to switching to Kallithea. This option will most likely go away once the two projects have diverged significantly. I don't know much about this. But I pretty much glossed over the details about whether this would be structurally sound due to the sentence: "Steel bars can be slotted through dedicated channels in the bricks to provide the same support as traditionally reinforced concrete." Would that not solve the problem you mention? Or is it somehow unsolvable if you use per-fabricated concrete blocks like this even with steel reinforcement? I don't quite understand this. In my opinion JS "classes", if you want to call them that, look, feel and act very clunky. My opinion, of course... Please could you explain to me how you feel Java "classes" feel clunky and look wrong? I'm genuinely curious, and open to being convinced. Note I substituted your usage of "objects" with classes, because they're vastly different concepts. I know, murky water when it comes to JS, but still. The difference is that those aren't interfaces. I'm confused by the question? " but xiki would have to turn into a multi million dollar business before insurance or bank companies would consider any legal action. " Or until they step on the wrong foot, or rub some executive the wrong way. It's murky water and just because in most situations it'll be "okay", doesn't mean we shouldn't worry about it from the start. What type of users are you targeting? I'm curious what sort of use-case there is for such a thing. For 90+% of the problems out there, a business programmer doesn't need to know anything about memory#. Short of a few rules, I don't see why they can't ever go without learning about memory space, allocation, reference types, etc. They will make mistakes, sure. But they will get the work done, and that's pretty much what most businesses need. Eventually, as problems creep in, the messes created by lack of knowledge get resolved/cleaned up. Programming is incredibly easy and powerful, when made simple. The problem is that learning programming in C/C++ is anything but simple! And the only reason we'd think otherwise is because we already went through it, somehow. I've seen non-technical minded people learn programming with C/C++ as their first language. They get frustrated because they don't know why certain things work magically while similar things don't. So they end up learning to memorize what works and what doesn't, and copy-pasting what the book tells them. Eventually kludging together a working solution to a problem in the book. With no hint of understanding why . #Yes I pulled that statistic from thin air. "Types lead to cleaner programming,instead of shoving random stuffs into an untyped list,a dev has to think about data structures." You're more than welcome to not think about what types you put into a structure/list. You'll quickly learn how to use that list/structure without hand-holding. For 90% of the problems out there, you don't need anything other than the basic data structures, and they're pretty straightforward to use without having to think about types. Note . Please don't confuse Javascript's weak-typing with Python's typing, as Python is strongly-typed. Then I'd say: What you expect is required and what is actually required to complete the task to a client's expectations could possibly be two very vastly different things. Besides, most of what is being asked of four-year-degreed individuals is not really worthy of it. Which is why I keep mentioning stuff to the effect of "to a client's expectation" to most of my comments on this. Most of that article is rendered moot with this section: " Now, I freely admit that programming with pointers is not needed in 90% of the code written today, and in fact, it's downright dangerous in production code. OK. That's fine. And functional programming is just not used much in practice. Agreed. But it's still important for some of the most exciting programming jobs. " Pretty much saying that everything he just spoke to us is purely for the "exciting programming jobs". And let's face it, most of us do not have that unless we go out of our way to pigeon hole business problems into being fun and exciting. http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Homestead_principle You don't need the consent of the community to declare land as your own. There are other moral systems and ideas to the ones you specify. Just putting it out there, you know. That's just shifting the burden to society. Instead of you taking ownership of your own housing choices, and the consequences thereof. Everything you mention would be avoided if you took the effort to find a place to stay that you find agreeable to your personal preferences. "However, if you want your Computer Science majors to be able to create the next runtime like the JVMs, .NETs etc. or be able to do some device programming they need to learn C/C++." 98% of all developers don't actually need to write the next JVM, or .NET or something. " think that Computer Science is cobbling github sourced code with their choice of scripting language. " This is the beauty of programming, and I'm sorry you can't appreciate that. Not everyone is willing to stab themselves in the eyeball trying to re-implement the .NET/JVM wheel or other low-level library. It's the same reason the majority of us don't write assembler anymore. We've moved on and abstracted away from that arcane knowledge. Does that mean that arcane knowledge is irrelevant? For most of us, yes. For others, no. "Yes, the startup market is hot and sometimes that's all you need but CS is much more than that. CS is about understanding the underlying models and concepts rather than a language." Meanwhile, in the real world, CS is not really necessary for most business problems. No matter how much you wish to romanticize it as a discipline. The expression presented in the parameter list is only evaluated once, and that is when the method is defined. The confusion is that people assume the expression is evaluated every time the method is called. Don't forget generator comprehensions which are almost identical to list comprehensions. But instead of evaluating the whole result set and returning it, they return a generator that you can then iterate over. Very neat stuff. You're right... But at least it's a shallow copy. I doubt that's the only reason. I fell for it myself at first without ever seeing a line of Ruby. It initially feels intuitive, and that's why I think most fall for it. I take it you haven't listened to anyone pro-organic speak? Just a few short sentences with them and you would have been aware that they make outrageous claims regarding the health benefits of organic food. And it's precisely because of that that the onus is on them to prove it. And you can't just say "we don't have to prove it because we've always eaten organic and that's natural", err or whatever argument they use. That's a prime example fallacious logic. I'll just go ahead and leave this here for you: http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Naturalistic_fallacy Because the beauty of a self-organizing system with emergent properties based on each agent's personal values shouldn't be appealing to a "techy"? Perhaps the definition changed because the invisible hand he described isn't so invisible. It's usually government intervention / foreign trade policy, and it's anything but invisible! "Why did you bring guilt into question? Each individual may have perfectly rational reasons for their behaviour. It can still be interesting to study side effects of their group behaviour." If only they kept it to just "study[ing] side effects of [..] group behaviour". However, all these meta and orbit-view studies' conclusions are used as justification for all sorts of orbital-level intervention that has real-world consequences on individual's behavior and possibly well-being. The gist, the implications of the article, and any possible government-level consequences need to be preoccupied over! This isn't just some nifty little article we're reading on the internet. This is your entire environment being slowly manipulated by agendas and "reasoned" responses to correct supposed "problems" such as statistical inequality. Be informed. Would you recommend any literature/links on the subject you speak of? I'm curious... Why would I want to delve into my backup run's log files? Seems pretty counter-intuitive as it's something you expect to work out of the box, not something that you'd have to debug and have issues with. What exactly do you mean? It looks quite similar to all the numerous bootstrap.js websites out there. Not that I'm saying it's bad, or anything... It also only works for open-flame gas stoves. Sounds like the new CEO is very good at "fluffing" up his word count. He says a lot, but says very little. The English wikipedia is less desperate for article counts because it's already got a huge number. Wherease the other language wikipedias are always looking for more content in their specific language. So, in essence, you could say that he'll get more issues by doing this on the English wikipedia. " One of my friends got hired by Microsoft; his work is mostly developing code for Skype text servers. Soon he and his group will be given the task of porting it from C++ (a non-MS technology) into C#/Azure. That also doesn't sound very exciting. " " That's pretty much my reason for doing a PhD -- low pay, but challenging.*" Be prepared to have your bubble burst, badly. Industry is hardly ever like what you'd find "exciting", and even when it is, the odds aren't likely that it'll be given to a "PHD" student, but rather the company favorite. i.e. The person that plays politics better than you. Then I guess you haven't tried a recent version of: https://addons.mozilla.org/en-US/firefox/addon/tree-style-ta... I've been using it for, I think, 2-3 years. And it's come a long way since the early days when it was buggy. I suggest you give it another go with a more recent version. And don't be put off by the ugly screenshots on the add on page as it's not quite what it looks like anymore. Second time i find myself plugging this add on: https://addons.mozilla.org/en-US/firefox/addon/tree-style-ta... You can put it on either side, and it doesn't look as ugly as "side-tabs" that you linked to. No, I'm not the author or anything, I've just been using this thing for a good solid few years. And I can't believe people are now falling for this silly side-tabs prototype when a perfectly Good , 100% working side/tree tab add on is already available and mature. Yes, it's a government... it grants and enforces monopolies. Why do I get the impression that this guy was really, really, really lucky? Certainly more lucky than I'd imagine him being if he did a similar thing in the USA next to some FBI/CIA buildings. " Cops deserve respect and deference, if only because they stand for public order and that deserves it. " Whatever good they do happen to do is rendered moot by the fact that they are complicit in the bad things that their colleagues do without them speaking up about it. " I'm fully and 100% in favor of that idea though. " Good, then vote on it! I'm sure a drop in the media-influenced pond will make a difference... Biggest, lie, ever told. Watching/knowing and doing nothing about it makes them complicit. On top of that, that is the prime thing that they swear to do! To protect those that can't help themselves , and what do they go and do? That's right, they don't out the bad cops that prey on the helpless. And it will never change so long as people like you absolve the shameful individuals that stand by and do nothing as innocents are harmed. Interesting, must be your connection! I've seen a few of these background movie sites, and they generally seem okay-ish on my decent connection. " Don't be silly; " It takes a special kind of evil to dismiss such injustice because it's mentally inconvenient. Shame on you. I don't understand what you're trying to say. You say it's a mistake to insist the camera be on at all times, but then you go ahead and say that that would be open to abuse? Are you referring to the one where he performs sword eating? (I kid you not) " millions of dollars directly to abortionists, and making very little effort to convincingly lie about it. " Good, then you shouldn't have too much trouble getting a reliable source to confirm that, right? Right? It's a European thing. And actually very comfortable if you can get those little things between your toes while your socks are on. That's what insurance is for. And the court system so you can get the tenant to pay back damages. Either that, or filter your tenants a little better. Disclaimer: I know people that got burned by "tenants", and they're resolving it just fine through the legal system. Thank you for suggesting I look at this. I had a vague idea, but I didn't have a good solid number until I looked it up. It makes me incredibly thankful for the sacrifices my parents made in hardship and poverty in order to provide me and my sister with an education. My current income is well over 14 times what the median income for my age-group was 4 years go. No, I'm not filthy rich, I just live in a country whose population is largely on the poor side. If you're curious, it's South Africa: https://www.statssa.gov.za/Publications/P02112/P021122010.pd... "If the tenants have no assets, and no income" Well, a little bit of luck/intuition is required on that one prior to accepting them as tenant. Because, by the time you're trying to get what you're owed from them, it's too late. Also, another way around that (depending on your local laws) is to have an upfront 2/3 month deposit. That should more than cover any unpaid bills/damage/rent that you would be out. Not only that, but it filters out all the tenants that are unable to steadily pay for rent. Wow, very nice links, thanks. No idea why you're being down-voted. "Uber has a few luxuries that taxis are not afforded (due to regulation), including significant surge pricing and the general ability to turn down fares. To compare, Uber is allowed to charge 3x the normal price during peak hours, whereas NYC cabs have a fixed 50 cent surcharge at night and $1 during evening commuting hours." Do you know what that is called in economics? Here you go: http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Price_ceiling It's a specific type of price-control, and it's the reason you have a shortage of taxis during peak-hours. The fact that pricing can "surge" in Uber during peak hours is a feature! It links in to what the other poster told you, that some Uber drivers like the flexibility of being able to clock in/out whenever they please. Increasing the price at peak hours means that there is more incentive for them to clock in, and thus eliminate the shortage. Sure, there will be abuse, like you mentioned. But that's trivial to solve without having to resort to out-right banning Uber, as per one of the other responder to your comment. " are laws enacted by representatives of the people of Charleston! " Obviously not all of the people of Charleston, but that's a big discussion on mob-rule . And you completely disregard the disconnect between "people of Charleston" and their representatives. Two separate and distinct groups. And the connection between them does not necessarily imply that the actions of the representatives is representative of the will of the people of Charleston. " it ignores the fact that, in a representative democracy, representatives are not expected to do only what their constituents want. " Ah yes, I just got to this part and you did mention it. Bravo, you've successfully dismantled Democracy without meaning to. Now if you could just take the next moral and logical leap, I've got some good literature regarding this topic: http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Anarcho-capitalism It happens automatically, if I remember correctly. " I'm a very well paid software engineer.. I apparently can't afford to hire a qualified defender if I find myself in need. I figure a defense is a minimum of 500 hours, so even at $300 that's $150,000. I have no idea where I get that type of money from. Our justice system is severely screwed. " The lawyers have a cushy government-aided monopoly. You can't "practice" law if you don't have have BAR approval from the lawyer priesthood. And they've been slowly increasing the difficulty for people to enter the field. It's nigh impossible to know law sufficiently well to defend yourself/someone else (even if they allowed you), yet that is precisely the situation that is created and enforced. And we all know what happens when supply is restricted: the existing players increase their prices because you have to use them if you don't want to go to jail (a.k.a. government-funded rape rooms); there is simply no alternative. Lawyers are the new priesthood of the state. Please, wake up. I was also very confused, and the first google search for Orchard was the one you came across. My first thought was, "this is an .Net CMS, I thought docker was unix-based?" Then I was like, Okay, let's go see what "Fig" is. None of the links on the first search page were for Fig. I got everything from food websites, stock codes, to random content-spam URLs with Fig in it. I'm sorry, but these guys really picked bad names for their products. It's really ridiculous because those names have well-established meanings. Sure, if they get famous enough, their rankings will make their alternate-meaning of those words bubble up. But until then, they're invisible to most of the web. Heck, the linked article doesn't even have a link to Orchard, but rather to a blog post on their domain. If anyone really struggles, here are their links: http://www.fig.sh/ https://www.orchardup.com/ *Edit: Searching for "Fig Software" led me to software companies with "Fig" in it, and some Facebook pages. Again, not the actual Fig I was looking for. " The idea that you need just another tool to solve a problem, that is what is flawed. Skill and balance and a set of powerful, basic tools, that is what solves the problem. " If we were using your 'idea' on programming, we wouldn't have moved on from the power, basic tools such as C and Assembler. " The Zen of Unix and the Tao of Testing are my companions. Nothing disturbs my chi. " Good, then keep doing your chee. The rest of us are going to use the right tool for the job, instead of some mythical pain-modifier that you think is the "One True Way". Or the author's description: 'The published the “User Data manifesto” and is a regular speaker at conferences.' I'm pretty sure the Orchard link wasn't there when I first read the article. I distinctly remember searching through the page for Fig and Orchard. The way I actually found Orchard was through the linked blog post near the bottom of the article, then cut out the blog part of the URL to go to their main domain. Trello has quite a good API that you can use. It's trivial to hook it into whatever other system you happen to use. We linked Trello to our Redmine ticketing system, and it works pretty well for our needs. " jump up a level and put your competitors on their heels by giving more speed/bandwidth, but there are no competitors worthy yet to challenge and shake up internet connections like cable companies did back when phone companies were lethargic. " That's not going to happen as long as you have a government-aided cartel. There is simply no way a competitor can come up and "shake up" the landscape because there are so many regulations and red-tape. Those regulations increase the cost and barrier to entry. So unless you have a few billion to throw at the problem, address the source of the problem, regulations. We have the same problem. Unfortunately, it's compounded by the fact that the local municipality here likes creating very small traffic circles with a small bump in the middle. The end result is that people end up treating them like 4-way stops and yield as such. Well, quite a lot of traffic is already regulated by people "playing by a set of rules", and that ends up being hunky dory for the most part. I think the reason why this one is the exception is that it's quite feasible for people to "fight back" to those they perceive as abusers. The real problem is accountability. There is none of it(as cops can't be everywhere, all the time) so people end up exercising what little power they do have in order to punish those they view as the abusers. "I'm thinking that the drone pilot just got lucky." Does HN have the Slashdot equivalent of RTFA? "To me, it feels dirty, like I would be saying." It would be quite a few orders of magnitude less immoral than how immoral some of us Athiests consider the institution of church and how they "use" their followers. (For info, look at some of the big church networks and churches) But I have no moral qualms with it as long as no one is being scammed. If people knowingly want to part with their money, and you're not mis-representing things in order to convince them of it, then no amount of "moral" arguments will make what you're doing dirty or immoral. It's not up to you to make moral judgements about how other people wish to spend/throwaway their money. As an aside, I'd like to add this bit of information: People get up in arms when a large "corporation" or "well-established player" in the market throws their capital weight around to bud out budding investors by selling at a loss. But, as you can see in this thread, they turnaround and have a completely different take on the matter when it's a "VC-backed startup" using its newly-acquired capital to drown out competition while it's slowly losing money. "There are cases where throwing your capital around is appropriate" I'm curious where you think this is the case? Remember, your arbitrary definition of appropriate might not be the same as others'. I probably won't go either way, as I think anti-trust laws in general are not appropriate, but that's a different discussion. Moreover, may I ask what your moral argument is for such laws? From the looks of it, most people would say: "If you have a lot of money, then you're not allowed to use it to your advantage if we perceive it as predatory". With such vague terms (unless you can make it more explicit), and it will most certainly end up having a favoritist bureaucracy grow around it. My best suggestion is to go back home. I'm sure you still have friends, and family that have some smidgeon of care for you. Rather than going it alone, as others have said, you need a support structure. I know it can be tough, but suck it up (in terms of the family situation). And while you're there, take some of the remote gigs that I see the HNers here offering to give you. Until you can stand on your own two feet, and then you have to leave and remove yourself from abusive relationships (which it sounds like from what you wrote). But until you can do that safely, you're just shooting yourself in the foot. Mods, please change the name of this submission. It is completely misleading. The linked article is titled: "Why Killing Cash is Key to Mastercard's Competitive Strategy". On the other hand, if this was meant as click-bait, then go right ahead and not change the name. I'll just regret my click, and hopefully this comment will serve as a warning to other unsuspecting, curious individuals. Edit : I see that the title has been changed. Thank you very much, mods! I, too, have fear of the future. Specifically in terms of the unstable world we live in. In some regards we're very lucky in that certain things are much more difficult for the world to let happen, mostly due to the speed at which news (and outrage) travels. But, at the same time, I'm forced to admit that if it comes down to it, we really are very much powerless. This is specifically why I'm an anarcho-capitalist, as I believe that the state is the single most dangerous entity we can conceive of; and we've gone ahead and given it near-absolute control over our lives with what lately seems to be very little oversight. As an aside, the article is indeed quite motivating. No time like the present, I say. Okay man, we get it! There is absolutely no need to spam every single thread discussion on this article with shameless plugging about your "Cyman Digital Assistant". Comments by ugoano: Comment 1: I'd strongly advise you to check out the Cyman System website. The Cyman Digital Butler has a few video demonstrations, and I built it with Jarvis' personality in mind. Might be what you're looking for? Comment 2: I built an digital butler app inspired by Iron Man's JARVIS assistant called CyMan. We've got a great community and dedicated helpers in our Google+ community. Feedback on that community has been excellent! If you ever wanted to give it a try... Comment 3: My assistant (Cyman Digital Butler) has a list of example commands you can try, gives an idea of the abilities Cyman has. So you could say "open the ... website" to get the url for example. Although we've got a great community to help, we're in the middle of creating a wiki. Perhaps the Jarvis you're using needs a wiki too. Comment 4: I made a Cyman Digital Butler which runs on Android devices and on computers through a Chrome app. I feel it's a better Jarvis approximation too. On both of them, Cyman can listen out for whichever nickname you choose. (Of course, the nickname I gave was Jarvis for mine ;) ) I find using the Chrome APIs or Android APIs quite good if you were interested. I haven't really looked at sphinx Comment 5: Yep, check out the Cyman Digital Butler for Android. With the paid version, when you get an incoming text you can set it so he reads out who sent it, then you can say "read message", or "reply" and then your reply. You can also initiate messages, and there are helpful features to help with complex names. Like if you said "my wife is called ...". You could then later say "send a text to my wife". I worked pretty hard on it! "Medical care is not free, however in every country that has socialised healthcare (i.e. every developed country except the us) it is free at the point of use." It's also "free at the point of use" in a free-market system. I just present my medical aid membership card and I get whatever I need; hospital, pharmacy, ambulance, etc. Yes, that is a present-day thing, not some fairytale future. Not only that, but these "free-market" companies give out stuff for free because it is profitable to keep their members healthy. Gasp , benefits for free. They sometimes send out free traffic "officers" to congested intersections / accidents to help traffic along to prevent accidents, for non-paying individuals. Just a small taste of what a free-market system could do if left to its own devices. I find it seriously scary how many People on the internet are totally brainwashed into thinking the free market is some sort of personified evil boogey-man and socialism is the panacea for all the world's ills. Both have their flaws, and both have benefits. How about you let people choose what they prefer? Why does there have to be a "structural reason" for it? Why must there be external blame assigned to something simply because it is commonplace in a population group? I'm curious what arbitrary line you've drawn that lets you delineate between "common-place in the population" vs "due to structural reasons"? Note how I don't use the phrase "population is stupid", or that the reason is "stupidity". It could be a whole host/variety of reasons for people choosing to ignore possible life events. Everything from a misguided belief in a non-existent "safety-net", conscious decision to accept the risk, or plain not even remotely foreseeable life-altering event. Somehow, I doubt 35% falls under "unforeseeable". I think it's just a lack of education, and it's not limited to the US, mind you. People seem to have this belief that credit is free money that they can delegate to the future. Since the detriment is deferred, people don't really examine it for face value. There's that, and most are really bad at visualizing debt. I recently watched a documentary about the state of debt in the UK. It was quite shocking, normal regular people that got addicted to debt, and just spent, spent, and spent. Meanwhile, the banks kept rewarding their "debt" with higher limits and more fresh cards. These people took out ridiculous sums of money, sums that they need to spend probably decades paying off simply because their salaries are so low. "This is why suburban sprawl is so wasteful - it spreads out, but never up." It's only wasteful if you have laws and regulations that prevent it from changing. Areas, and sometimes entire cities, re-invent themselves in different ways. In a normal, free environment as the needs arise the density will change appropriately. On a side note, take a few hours off and try find some old photographs of cities (or towns if you go far back enough). Compare those to what the city looks like now, and you'll know what I mean. Everyone can be an arm-chair critic and talk about what's wasteful or not according to their beliefs. But things have evolved to this point over many generations, and many individual choices. I think he was pointing out the double-standard that's implicit in comments such as yours about "Big Pharma". Basically, boiling down to "wanting money for profit" is greedy and evil/bad. But wanting "free money" or benefits/products is not, because well, it's not profit. Egh, don't think I articulated that quite nicely. To me, the distinction is irrelevant. Wanting stuff is natural, whether your needs necessitate it or not. "Socializing research for major diseases seams like a no-brainer to me since the end goal is so well-defined." It's not as well-defined as you'd think in all aspects. I suppose you've read some of the comments in this thread about R&D costs? Care to suggest how much this new government agency should get per year? Oh, and don't forget, if you don't give it enough funding, then you're an "evil bastard and you want people to die". And if you don't give them enough extra every year, then you're also an "evil bastard and want sick children to die". I don't really mean to say you're an evil bastard or anything. But that is exactly the sort of arguments and public discourse that will crop up if such an agency were ever to be founded. And because "cost" or "profit" is not there anymore to temper the investment vs payout, the agency will end up being a funding black hole of guilt. Sure, giving everyone access to health life is a noble ideal. But as I've said before, illness and death never end and we're fighting a losing game if we intend on beating it with public money. But who knows, maybe if we devote all of society's resources to the problem, we could eventually grant everyone healthy immortality. But we have no idea if/when that might happen. Because you don't know what's lurking and waiting for you X-periods of time from now. Sure, it works now and that's probably all that matters for most. Others like reliable solutions that won't just up and corrupt themselves at some point. However, I've often been amazed at how "messy" code is. Code that does what it needs to, and works. Early bird get's the worm, and I applaud this guy for throwing something out (something perhaps that we were too busy taking our time "working on to get clean and perfect"). I'm sure it'll get refined and refactored as time goes by, if people latch on. Obligatory xkcd: http://xkcd.com/927/ Some of those general "entities" you speak of are composed of smaller entities. Trade (e.g. of labor) will occur between those smaller entities. Where there exists scarcity and a differential in value, trade will occur. Now, of course, that says nothing about the people that have nothing of value to trade with. But I'd argue that everyone has something to trade, it just might be of very low relative value. Even in such a scenario they'll trade with their peers. No matter what scenario of this dystopian future I play out in my head, I always find equilibrium. The key is not to attempt to fix it, but to have base rules that apply to all and will mean basic safety for all. You can't guarantee a peachy life for everyone. Most people just want to play meddling Deity with government money and violence, to suit their own personal ideals and prejudices. That is why I'm an anarcho-capitalist; because it makes everyone absolutely equal and everyone absolutely free to make their own way in life without intervention. We're not going to get past that because not everyone agrees with you. At least, not until you realize that forcing people to do what you believe is right is fundamentally immoral. No matter how noble your ideals, and how rainbow-colored your utopian future is "if we can get past that". It's sad that you can both simultaneously hold noble ideals of taking care of the needy, while thinking that the only way to do it is by violently and immorally forcing others to help you do it, whether they want to or not. Their labor has value to themselves. So they can always go farm/forage for food. But to actually rebut your comment: "if machines make labor cost less than a living wage, then you can't survive by selling labor." If machines reduce labor cost, then the cost of goods reduces as well, making goods more affordable for poorer individuals. And consequently, reducing the amount of money required to be able to survive. You have to understand that none of these things function in isolation, but as a balanced equilibrium. "I don't believe it." Most people here are talking about technicalities of the definition of species, etc. But what I'll mention to you is: Have you not noticed how similar the taste is between some of these mentioned items? Like I said, these things don't happen in isolation. Nor do they just manifest into existence out of thin air. It's a slow progression, and a slow co-evolution of different elements. "If these resources can be more profitably used by someone else, they will outbid you." You use the word profit as a motive for "entities" consuming all resources. But you fail to elaborate on where this profit comes from? Well, other entities, and there you go, trade. But that's not really what you're getting at. You want to draw a false dichotomy between the two extremes of "powerful entities" and "weak entities". Either way, all you need is the non-aggression principle and respect for property rights. And these "powerful entities" will never be able to coerce their way into the full market dominance that you describe. It's a self-correcting system, and it can only perpetuate itself if you don't respect property rights and the non-aggression principle. Would never happen. People in certain countries get way too many free things and benefits, and are used to much higher standards of living. They'd be up in arms every time they saw an "immigrant" using it, or if an immigrant reduces the value of labor. It's really unfortunate because the only reason most people are against immigration, deep down, is that they fear they will be usurped by cheap labor. And that is only a problem because we haven't allowed free-trade and free-flow of migrants around the world from the start. Instead, we built up barriers, and we've created dams. Of course people are now going to complain when the flood gates open and a valley gets washed out. It has to get worse, before it gets better. "You can't discriminate based on anything related to gender" Oh, okay... So affirmative-action programs to empower women and other groups are not discriminating against men due to their gender? Interesting double-standard they have there. Or they could just invest that capital elsewhere and make those employees redundant via automation. I vote for that one, less workplace drama if your co-workers are robotic. All the things you describe are symptoms of the fact that their is a wage-differential caused by trade/immigration barriers. That's why I said it has to get worse before it'll get better. Even if the current barriers create problems... More barriers will just make the subsequent correction more catastrophic for the individuals involved. But at what point do we draw the line of responsibility? There are many examples of poor/struggling people that made the best of what they had and made sure that their children had a good start in life. Yes, my parents were poor and struggling. But they pushed through, made sacrifices and made sure that me and my sister had a good start in life. Free from the burdens that they bore. To me, the line of responsibility does not cross over a generational boundary. All these individuals that have rough and tough childhoods, are responsible for their own actions. And they're also responsible for not ruining an innocent's or unborn's future by bringing them into this world, and then abandoning them by not doing their best to break the cycle of violence, poverty and lack of education. " Many successful people will resent contributing to the welfare of the not-so-successful regardless of who is to blame for the misfortune of the latter. It's yet another instance of the tribal mentality dividing people into "us" and "them". " Yes, but you should take care to not attribute their definitions of "us" and "them", with the ones you imagine they do. It's all too-popular to assume that they mean "us, wealthy" and "them, lazy entitled leeches". It could just as well mean something a little more genuine such as "us, hardworking" and "them, mooching off the state/our hardwork". I'm not saying it's either. But I find that people regularly attribute very mean, hateful and prejudiced motivations to the rich, privileged or those they don't like. Most of the time, it's simply implied in the comments. Have double-standards? We can, and we do. Does that make it right? Most would say no, including me. It's actual quite hypocritical, if you think about it. Putting a double-standard in place to fix a previous double-standard. But, I suppose, with the "power" of the state, most people think they can play social-architect and fix all the world's ills...from their armchair. Standards being only one "weapon" in their arsenal. " I do appreciate knowing that this ingredient is in Colgate Total. That tube is getting thrown out! " You go ahead and do that. Meanwhile, the rest of us will just use the damn toothpaste, because we're not perturbed by the 0.0002238% chance of acquiring cancer when we're in our old age. Or the chance of 0.0000205403% increased risk of hormone imbalance, or whatever the hell hippies complain about these days. *Note, numbers made up. Not even these scare-mongers know the numbers because they're too busy throwing tubes out. The chances are practically insignificant that they might as well be made up. "It's possible to hold someone guilty, and still have empathy." Of course, that's called charity! And is probably a very integral part of the progress of our society. But, let's be honest, most people when they discuss these topics simply dismiss responsibility from the injured/suffering party and are very quick to offload it onto society. It's kind of sad, really. Because at the end of the day, there are a lot of individuals who will always suffer no matter how much we help them (or how much money we throw at them). And then we go ahead, with our noble, but misguided consciences and tell them it's not their fault. Relieving them of the single greatest motivator for their own success, perhaps their last. > "You're blaming the children for having inadequate parents." Of course not. I'm blaming the children for having inadequate parents and forcing the same on to their own children! Quite a big difference. Way to blame the victim. So bully does something, causes a fight, parental figure sees and intervenes... and finally, blames both of them for the resulting fight, compelling them both to take responsibility and fix the mess. That's horrible, I hope you didn't get beaten(child-abused) if you refused to clean up the mess. Their web page disagress with you: "No Java Software Java is responsible for 91% of security attacks. Backblaze's code is native to Mac and PC and doesn't use Java."* It even has a big logo with Java logo crossed out. "* Node ADDS those, immediately making Javascript-on-Node as dangerous as anything. " You could do the same thing with python except "REMOVE those"*. This discussion is a complete non-issue. No one is suggesting to put a full-fledged python interpreter into the browser and allow remote websites to execute arbitrary code on it. Of course it will be "sandboxed" and gimped to prevent malicious code from executing on the client machine. A non-issue... All of those things/features you mention as problems could simply be removed from the python interpreter included with the browser. Will some of it leak through? Possibly. Does that mean we should do it or try? Of course not. You keep repeating stuff along the lines of "language is capable of system level calls". Define what you mean, otherwise it's hockus pockus argumentation that no one can rebut. It's like arguing with Peter Joseph. "If I want to write a website in Python, I still need to know Javascript, HTML, and CSS, so why bother with Python?" Right tool for the right job. That's why I don't think you should use css on the server! Or haskell on the client's browser! No particular reason. It was the first example language that popped into my head when I was thinking of "what language do I think really doesn't belong in a client browser". i.e. my personal opinion. I'm sure it's a perfectly valid option to put in the browser, though. I'm not quite understanding what you're saying. Care to elaborate a little more? Google already has a better JS implementation that Firefox,so how would less javascript usage be a good thing for Google? " Seems like a fair trade off? If you want ala carte hours, you should pay ala carte prices. " That only works if the supply of workers is limited. And in this case, the low-wage bracket, it isn't. It's absolutely flooded with people, so you can't expect the workers to command any such bargaining power. It's simply supply and demand, and there simply isn't enough demand to satisfy the huge supply of low-wage workers. My solution: Company towns. Give the workers daycare, food, accommodation, training/education and pay them peanuts... in the middle of nowhere. But that'll never fly, because the argument really isn't about "fair-wage", it's more about "entitlement" so people see it as some sort of loss instead of a huge gain in a market that really isn't favoring them at the moment. Enlighten me how that is slavery? Bear in mind, in my example people have the choice to go there, or not. I see, so you're going to argue against historical company towns instead of my as-yet-undetermined suggestion. Do you honestly think a civilized country or informed internet would allow a company town to exist if it behaved like the historical company towns? They'd be up in arms as soon as they found out. Though, to be fair. We have "company towns" right now in Dubai and those oil-rich middle-east cities. Guess who's turning a blind eye? The government's where the cities are, and the governments of those immigrants being taken advantage of. They're ignored by both sides. Individuals here make it seem as if the inhabitants of this town will be given the choice "work here and take what we give or die/starve/be broke"...as if it's a bad thing. Now, fine, sure, we all want to live in a nice world where people don't need to make such a choice. But we do it all the time when we live life. Every thing I do, and every choice I make, has an implicit "do this, or you will suffer" rationality behind it. I choose (and other things) to work so I will not suffer, so I can provide for my loved ones and have them not suffer. But you don't see me complaining about being held captive, or being forced to agree to work under duress. Of course not. "Sometimes I do what I want to. The rest of the time, I do what I have to." Are you actually confused about the terms, or just trying to be facetious? " On paper this sounds great " That pretty much sums up almost every single government wealth-redistribution program ever. It's oh so easy for us all to play arm-chair "fix-the-world" with other people's money. Yet, I don't see anyone proposing a voluntary and opt-in solution to any of these problems. It's all, "screw you, you're paying for it". Well, except for the freedom-loving individuals in the anarcho-capitalist and libertarian community. They seem to be on the right track when it comes to giving people choice. They're still based on or valued in USD, which is what the OP wanted to avoid. A lot of good those USD-valued mutual funds are going to do for you when they're worth peanuts due to a devaluation of the currency or its buying power. " I hope you are not suggesting that gold is a better investment than a diverse portfolio of stocks and bonds. " There are a lot of people that believe a big government/market crash is coming. And they're absolutely desperate for ways to weather it without eating their own toes off. I think you need to go look up the definition of Libertarianism and Anarcho-capitalism. Hint: It's not the definition you find on MSNBC/Fox/CNN/whatever. "expensive middle class entitlements" It was an incentive created by legislators, so they could increase home-ownership in their populace. Wow, way to turn a government-legislated incentivization of middle-class individuals for home-ownership, into an "entitlement". Interesting, didn't know that! Still, feels like a lot of the usage of that word that I come across is pejorative, as per the linked article. Well, negative connotation in the sense that those people receiving the benefit feel entitled to it. I'd disagree with such an implication as I don't think the tax-credit was requested by those people, but rather given as a benefit or tax-incentive. I don't think I've made any comment regarding the harm/benefit of this tax-credit. Can't say I have a big opinion on it, or have researched it. Why do you say it's harmful and regressive? > "'no true scotsman' fallacies don't really help your "argument"." I'm afraid you're going to have to elaborate on this one. Perhaps if you elucidated your point, I'd be able to rebut it. Yeah, force them to take you to court and show that they own the debt. None of this "passing the paper" non-sense, there has to be a legal contract or some document saying that your debt was given to someone else. Otherwise, it's just some guy claiming you owe him money, because of "paper". How easy is this to use without AngularJS? Additionally, if not, does anyone know of any alternative JS (or perhaps Python) libraries for what Satellizer does? And making your instance variables public doesn't solve that for you? Your public facing methods/accessors are a sort of contract between a class, and whatever uses it. The contract basically says: "I will behave as you expect me to and as we agreed but only as long as you only interact with me in the predetermined(designed) ways that I allow you to" "P.S.: How do I specify code formatting on HN?" I'm not sure if there is one. But if you want, just make a pasteIt, or a fiddle. Not sure which one is the one that caters for C/C++ code. I work just fine in a language that has no "private" variables or methods. It's not for everyone, and it requires some discipline to not get burned. Don't get me wrong, I'm big on encapsulation and separation of concerns, etc. But you don't need to force "privacy" onto your class's users in order to achieve it. The worst thing about having everything public (this is python, btw) is that sometimes it pollutes the auto-complete, and hinders discoverability. It's also not immediately obvious what the user should/shouldn't have access in your class. I'm confused, as I've never delved much into the nature of journals short of what we had to in college. No, I never published a paper. Hopefully someone can explain/answer my question. Do the publishers (somehow) force the authors to give them exclusive publishing rights or something? If not, why are these authors simply not putting their papers on multiple journal/platforms? How does this submission/question not fit the description of the news guidelines as you posted: On-Topic: Anything that good hackers would find interesting. That includes more than hacking and startups. If you had to reduce it to a sentence, the answer might be: anything that gratifies one's intellectual curiosity. And seeing as it's gotten 86 points, I'd say there are at least some people that find it interesting. "Native speakers of English will say "one point one mile from XXX"," First I've heard of this. 1.1 miles is the correct way to say it, as far as I'm aware. Even if it was less than 1 mile, if it's not an exact 1 then it is viewed as a "multiple". "0.8 miles away" is perfectly valid. Sure, perhaps to you, or people that have been here longer. However, I had absolutely no idea. I didn't even know that HN was taking paid advertisements for job postings, and putting them "somewhere" on the top. " Perhaps the small mention of job advert posts in the faq should be expanded? It's not particularly clar at the moment. " That would be great, yes. At the very least, it'd remove speculation and second-hand information. What? This kid murdered an innocent person in anger. It starts, and it ends there. Whether it was collateral damage, or how angry the kid was, is irrelevant. It's like saying: you know, there's all these fat people that are constantly abused and get run-around by pretty girls. They are suffering so bad, it's not hard to understand their level of outrage when one of them raped a woman. Seriously, violence against innocents can never be justified. No matter the rational behind it. And by defending them and their actions, we're just giving them credence and making them think their anger and actions are "not their fault". Taken into account? Please elaborate... What sorts of things/causes/context can justify or play-down the severity of violent actions, in your view? HN users are down-modding legitimate questions to spark debate? Interesting. Oh and what would that be? Other than I don't condone violence of any sort against an innocent, no matter how "mitigating" or "angered" the person is. He felt entitled to retribution. The fact that he was "dicked" around by medical individuals over a more serious matter does not nullify the comparison, here are the details of the two scenarios: In both scenarios the victim's were not directly to blame. In both scenarios a larger group of people "dicked" around the aggressor. And in both scenarios (one hypothetical) the violent actions are being downplayed, or justified because of some sort of indirect harm towards the aggressor. This backlash just shows how easy it is for people to conflate the issues involved. It is in essence justifying violence against innocent individuals, and frankly, it's sickening. " Of course it doesn't justify murder, but it is quit different than, for example, a premeditated murder over money. " Murder is murder, I don't see the distinction here. You can't go ahead and say murder isn't so bad if the aggressor was "having a bad hair day", or any other trivial issue. If you want to say that this individual was justified in his act of killing because he was in danger and was forced to do so, or was defending himself, then fine that's a different issue. It's not about heroes and villains. It's about right and wrong. You're more than welcome to fill in the blanks between right and wrong with mushy grey area, however, some of us have higher moral standards and don't deem actions less wrong if the aggressor was "angered", or "ill". " What does it say to you that the father of the innocent victim blames the system first and the killer second? " It gives credence to my points. It shows the level to which people have been brainwashed/tricked into thinking that violence is "ok as long as there is some reason". This individual was able to justify and excuse a person violently murdering their loved one due to whatever circumstance. Rather than just calling it senseless violence and coincidence, and holding the violent individual at fault. At the end of the day. Someone chose to take another person's life. And all these people are pretending that's okay, or "less wrong". Circumstance, or not, this person made a willing choice and decision to take another person's life, to end it, forever. I hope everyone here let's that sink in, before they try talk about "mitigating factors". I second my noise! I've used it quite a lot, and it's very customizable. No idea why SimplyNoise is ontop of search results lately, must be some SEO spamming. Those are very undefined and user-specific complaints you have. And I've seen nothing in your post that justifies a full UI rewrite. Perhaps some changes, to cater for new/novice/confused users, but a UI rewrite is just a ridiculous thing to request. It means: If you have an existing ebook library, with whichever folder structure. And you ask Calibre in import it, it will go ahead and copy every single file from your folder structure in to its own inside "My Documents" (or one of the other user folders, can't remember. I read some guys higher up in this thread talk about using a RaspberryPi. Even us not being experts. Can you honestly say you haven't heard of the destructive and violent effects of drug cartels in the US? Gang wars, turf wars, incarceration due to drug possession, etc. I often posited/mused that one of the main reasons hard drugs haven't been legalized yet is that there is very little variety in them. Let me elaborate a little. With alcohol, there are hundreds/thousands of different flavors/types/process/names/combinations. But, with most of the hard drugs, it's pretty much "a chemical". That's it, nothing to it. No "Alabama Whiskey" or "Russian Vodka No 5." to make it into a giant favor-winning game. Now, I don't know how the state of such a product range would change if it were legalized. Who knows, they might even come up with ingenious ways to spice things up without increasing dosages. Flavors, combinations, negative-effect suppressants, whatever. Or how about people come up with ingenious places/ways to take drugs that prevent addiction, or simply enhance the setting. I don't know. What I do know is that we should let people use/do what they want to their bodies. Will this have negative effects? Sure, they might, they might not. Personal choice trumps any sort of wide/vague societal benefits, otherwise society is just a bunch of tyrants. As long as what individuals do doesn't physically harm anyone, then they should be allowed to do it. They could still be related... Perhaps the wide variety of marijuana plant strains aided it in becoming legalized? Reputation . People don't necessarily just go out and buy $5000 worth of goods from an unknown seller. They start small, with a value they're willing to lose. Say $20. Over time, the seller consistently delivers the goods requested, and so their trust in the seller increases. You can imagine that with a consistent system, this reputation can be transmitted/communicated to new parties. Think EBay for a clear example. Perhaps not the best of analogies, as EBay has money back guarantees/insurance, etc. But as long as drugs remain in the dark underbelly of government-hate, don't expect much protection from conventional institutions. " Also there's no mobile network operator who will give you one "for free" every two years when you renew a contract. " I live in South Africa, and that regularly happens here. People take out 2 year contracts for "data" and get tablets/laptops for free along with it. I suppose it's not so common in more developed countries where most mobile internet packages are "unlimited". Here, they're very much limited to multiples of 500MB/month. "The details are of course confidential. He says:" I kept having to skip paragraphs to get to the juicy bits. Eventually, I gave up and closed the tab. I don't much like this guy's writing style, as it constantly goes off on tangents that don't really add anything to the story, much less the baity title. " But much of the regulation in the US is regulatory capture. We need regulation for the people, not for the companies. " I'll just go ahead and leave this here for you: http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Stockholm_syndrome " The war on drugs is mostly masking a war on mental health. " It's a war on people's right to enjoy and/or destroy themselves. All under the vague pretense of a social-good. It's to keep control over a populace that could very quickly come to the realization that it is free to do as it pleases. Unfortunately, the more we suppress people like this, the worse off it will be when the milk and lies finally run out and they're stuck with nothing but their anger and dependance. "This sounds straight up criminal. Carrying a GPS enabled phone and mapping the route driven should gather enough evidence to persuade regulators to take action." Do you think that is more efficient/effective over just going to another "taxi" company? Because that's how you'd solve the problem if you didn't have a cartel/monopoly granted and enforced by government. Additionally, do you think it's fair/efficient/effective for us to legislate against scenic driving? Because, some taxi companies might offer that specifically, and not as a ploy for more money. Following from that, do you think it's efficient/effective to clog up regulations with such minutiae exceptions/details as above? So that even new competitors into the "taxi" business need to comply with countless regulations. Face it, as soon as you make exceptions, you need transparency. To get transparency you need to enforce compliance, to enforce compliance you need to make sure the players conform to whatever method you come up with to ensure that they aren't breaking your minute detail/regulation. And that means increasing the barrier to entry into that market, which means less competition. "While dealing with big genetic data sets I often got stuck with limitation of programming languages in terms of reading big files." Hate to sound like Steve-Jobs here, but: "You're using it wrong." Let me elaborate. If you're coming across limitations of "too-big" or "too-long" in your language of choice: Then you're just a few searches away from both being enlightened on how to solve your task at hand and on how your language works. Both things that will prevent you from being hindered next time around when you have to do a similar big-data job. Perhaps you are more comfortable using pre-defined lego-blocks to build your logic. Perhaps you understand the unix commands better than you do your chosen language. But understand that programming is the same, just in a different conceptual/knowledge space. And remember, always use the right tool for the job! (I use Unix commands daily as they're quick/dirty in a jiffy, but for complex tasks I am more productive solving the problem in a language I am comfortable in instead of searching through man pages for obscure flags/functionality) As someone that deals with large datasets on a Database + Python daily, I'm not quite sure what you mean. You'll have to explain it to me what "not a good idea is", or "basic data exploring". What about a site that only works in one browser? (Ok, just trying to be catchy there. It works on 2/3 of the browsers I have installed to test with.) " Google Maps is one of the main lock-in apps that keeps people inside the closed Google Play Services ecosystem. " I can't speak for others. But as someone that tried the Apple "ecosystem" after being on google, I have a big appreciation for it. A lot of websites/apps these days use google for single sign-on, pretty much meaning that I don't have to type my damn login every time I install a new app, etc. But, on the Ipad, I had to type my password in so many times. And my password is 25+ characters long, with mixed upper and lower case. Easy on a keyboard, but on a touch-screen keyboard it is a PAIN . " Google Maps might be an obnoxious app (it is!) but at least I can use it." You know, you're going to have to actually elaborate on that. I can touch type, just not on a touch screen :) Just one other thing I'd like to mention before everyone moves on to another topic. Not all of the unix commands are equal, and some have features that others don't. E.g. I mainly work on AIX, and a lot of the commands are simply not the same as what they are on more standard linux flavors. From what I've heard, this applies between different distros as well. Not so much the case with standard programming languages that are portable. E.g. Python. Unless you take in to account Jython, etc. What is "B2B"? " If you can contract for $80/hour for US/EU clients (really possible) " Do you have more info/advice about that? I've often flirted with the idea of online freelancing for overseas companies... But a lot of the freelancing sites either seem too dodgy/cheap, or elitist about "github" commits and the like. $100,000 is a lot of money. Might not quite be the best way of ensuring passive income for someone that only really needs $500/month. i.e. if they're fine on that amount per month, they're probably not making much more than that. Ah, I see... Thanks for the info! Or perhaps people are desperate for it? It is a bit of a "over the rainbow" type of idea. I.e. getting a continuous stream of money for once-off work/idea. "Microsoft has full control over it and can decide at any moment to... well, for example, shut it down." Not if people decide to write their own server software for it. i.e. Something that you most certainly can't do easily with Skype as it's leaps and bounds more complicated to reverse-engineer. " Not saying skype is better, just glad to see crappy proprietary tech die out. " What? Let me rephrase how I re-read your sentence: "Not saying skype is better, just glad to see crappy proprietary tech get replaced by even less open and more difficult to reverse-engineer tech." Why would you be glad about that? You're contradicting your own viewpoint about how bad "proprietary tech" is by advocating it's replacement by an even more " proprietary tech" Perhaps people view prisons as a mode of punishment, rather than one of rehabilitation. It really is a vicious cycle, and as far as most of whichever society follows the "4 years of hell for an eye", it won't change. You're still free to choose who you get healthcare from. It's like saying the food/farming industry isn't a free market because "some people will use very little while some [fat people] will use a lot more through no fault of their own." It's a ridiculous argument, and sounds more along the lines of Peter Joseph's "structural violence" mantra. The whole "you're not truly free until you get all this free shit given to you so you can be free to do nothing/be lazy". Granted, it isn't actually a truly free-market, anyways. Government subsidies, minimum prices, etc, all distort the market and affect peoples' actions. " Granted, there is plenty of canned rhetoric on all "sides" to go around, but that doesn't make this any better. " The problem is that certain sides get way less flak for "canned rhetoric". Particularly populist viewpoints. " I'd blame the colleges using these bullshit proxy metrics. " And your alternative to this is? They're metrics for assessing candidates for a reason, you know. Sure, once they start getting gamed , they're no longer accurate, but that's a different discussion. "That's essentially it, and as soon as Uber follows the rules, they can operate freely." The legislation is perhaps not about stifling competition or anything. But it has the end result of reducing competition by raising the barriers to entry. Not only that, but it actively prevents competition (e.g. low-end providers) by making a whole segment of the market illegal. It's just the nature of regulation being universal to the country as a whole. i.e. it doesn't allow people to make their own judgements about what safety level they want based on their willingness to pay/not pay for it. In essence boiling down to "you get the extra safety, even if you can't actually use the service because the extra safety bumped up the cost" " You've understood it! We Germans want this "market" to be illegal. " Not all Germans, seeing as people are actually using Uber in Germany. That's the point I was trying to make. Tyranny of the majority, I suppose, unfortunate, but apparently "the best we got". Side note: I'm not actually American. Please don't stereotype and make assumptions based on opinion/nationality, even if it is a good one such as "focused on individual freedom" and "Germans are very safety-oriented", etc. A free market is one that isn't affected by government laws, by definition. Very cool idea! Unfortunately, doesn't look very easy to get into. I'd imagine quite a few people applying to it. So the odds of someone like me getting accepted is probably near the bottom... i.e. Not connected, not a social-media evangelist, no github account, etc. Very nice dashboard for searching through the collection. Though, on a side note. It's a tad depressing watching images/photos of normal settings and people, knowing that they're probably all long-gone by now. But at least they are semi-immortalized in this collection. It's better than a downvote, if you ask me. A downvote is an anonymous put-down, and that's why people use it to punish anyone that disagrees with them, or if they don't like someone's opinion. Perhaps if down-votes were displayed, and people could respond. Dunno, perhaps we're over-complicating it. It's still within reach, sure. But it's pretty much an entire person's lifetime. Correct me if I'm wrong, but the average lifespan is currently hovering around 70, no? That's pretty much how old some of the newer images are in this catalog. That's not been my experience with downvotes here so far. I've regularly had meaningful comments, that would have been seen as "conversation" in a normal context, get downvoted here. Now I don't know what "noise" that got rid of, but it sure did serve a pretty powerful way of signaling others to jump on board with the downvotes and/or ignore my comment. Can someone explain to me why pedestrians are being hit in NYC? Are they wandering onto the roads? Are the cars driving onto the pavement? Are pedestrians stepping in front of cars? Cars running red lights while pedestrians assume that "green" means they can go? I'm honestly curious what sorts of "pedestrian accidents" people have seen in NYC? Wow, really? Sounds like an incredibly dishonest way to twist a simple statistic into suiting your agenda. I genuinely don't know all three acronyms you used there. Be honest. Do you think that most of the people that are browsing over and reading these comments are knowledgeable enough in your niche field to know all those acronyms? Probably not. "RF" was the third one. And I suppose I could take a guess and say it means "Radio Frequency". But just because the acronym's letters fit the phrase, doesn't mean I'm right as I am not knowledgeable in the field being discussed. "Yes it would be unfair to tax them at a higher rate for doing fundamentally the same thing - how would we justify one tax rate for one investor in a company, but another rate for this other investor?" Because taxation has gone way beyond what it was initially meant to do. That's why it's a hard problem; we're trying to make value and fairness judgements and using that as a basis for applying tax. To me, personally, people can't claim fairness if they're treating people differently based on their arbitrary value judgements. Until we start treating "fairness" as a universal, with no subjective component. I'm curious why you consider government meddling, blackmail, coercion and manipulation as an "invisible hand"? Purely because it's not known to the populace? "The bias implicit in this suggests that you consider that either someone agrees with your point of view, or else they support the slaughter of innocent children." There is no bias. Either he is lying, or he is not. You can sugar-coat the discussion any way you want to wiggle out of it, but facts and lies are what count. And yeah, you're right. There is only one side, and that's the side of "the best available truth". Not that people understand any of that jazz with all the "bias" being thrown back and forth in the media. Your post included. Honestly, I don't even know enough about this recent Gaza/Israel thing. Just commenting on your "bias" retort to the parent's assertion that 400 children were killed. "Some of us are outraged by where the U.S. is going but stay to try to fix it" Do you truly believe you'll be able to change anything? Remember, people that reason about these sorts of things are the exception, not the rule. The majority just gobble up whatever "militaristic propaganda" (as one of the siblings called it) is fed to them by the media. One thing that they did at my university about 5 years ago to disrupt just this. A group of ex-students (I think) setup a container outside the main entrance, across the street. There they bought old textbooks from students that just finished a subject, and then sold it back to the students using it the following year. Obviously the books changed slightly. But they kept change lists, so you always knew if you had the latest info or not. Sometimes, even the lecturers did this. E.g. "If you have ed4, it's on page 400-403, otherwise it's page 389-392 on the latest edition, etc". I can understand the appeal. Vitamins are a sort of "quick fix". All you have to do is pop a pill every day and magically you get benefits x, y and z. There is quite a bit of helplessness involved in life, and vitamins allow people to believe that they have an easy way to control their body. Sure it may be the case. Vitamins probably do help lubricate and enhance all sorts of things, which is intuitive. But that "intuitive" property is exactly the sort of thing we need to watch out for. If a solution/answer seems intuitive, then that pretty much means it has a back-door around our usual bullshit detectors. "One thing that bothers me about the English literary culture is how indifferent it is to writers in other languages." I'm not sure I follow. Why would English "literary culture" care about content in other languages? Are we talking about translations here? Because, you know, if it's not about the translations. Then I'd pretty much just go ahead and answer your conundrum: "It's in a different language." It's a demo... It's just the tip of the iceberg when it comes to government/private moral duality. As an anarcho-capitalist, I've had to peel back years of this stuff that was forced into my brain since I was small. Most people hold a similar view as you. i.e. "Why is X wrong when people do it, but not when government/government employee does it". However, we anarcho-capitalists, who examine the basis of government in terms universal moral principles, apply this critique to everything a government does. Your singular question is one of many. And I urge you to explore such questions further, as far as you're comfortable questioning. You'll find that much of what government does is logically inconsistent, even with its own set of defined "morals". Would you say the same about buying a large item (such as a home) on credit? They are fundamentally both debt, but drastically different in details. "overspend or manage finances poorly" The sort of debt that you're talking about goes way further than the narrow perspective that most take on it. It begins before you are even born, and I think we should all ruminate on that. Let me elaborate a bit, despite consistently getting down mods for expressing this point of view before. The debt begins with the parents that choose to have kids when they are unsure of their financial wellness and security for the years to come of their child's growth to adulthood. i.e. People shouldn't be having kids unless they're damn sure they can take care of them till they're adults and able to take care of themselves. Don't forget these two: "Save when you can, instead of spending". And "don't have kids you can't take care of, so they don't end up starving and unable to pay for 'life-saving medical care' when they're older." They agreed to it when they signed up for the debt. I don't get it, just because someone (corporation/rich person) has lots of money, doesn't mean that not giving them back what they gave you is okay. Not giving them back money that you took is the rip off. Is it nice? Could they be a little more compassionate to peoples' situations? Sure, of course. That's why you have institutions that help people with debt-counseling. On the other hand, why not do what they did here. Make laws that prohibit over-burdening debt from being given to an individual. I wouldn't say they have to do anything drastic, but just make sure that they have a reasonable buffer. Individuals that are in those sorts of situations have many more options available to them when unforeseen life events occur. However, much of the ladder below them is fraught with people that would be ruined if even a delicate imbalance in their lives occurred. Those are the types of people that need to watch their actions, and count their beans carefully. They're the ones I was speaking of specifically. "Life is uncertain and variable. Demanding that people make choices based on unknowable futures is a bit silly." And what about demanding that other people pick up your burden if the unknowable future impacts you negatively? It works both ways, you know. You are 100% correct, life is uncertain and variable. And there is no way for anyone to fully anticipate the future with perfect accuracy. However, that right there is the most powerful reason that should be compelling individuals to be more careful and risk-averse. Especially when it comes to family, kids and health. I'm not saying that you should have X amount of money in order to have kids. The statement is "you should have enough money to enable you to take care of your kids into adulthood, because doing so otherwise is negligent". It's not a matter of money, but about lack of negligence and burden. I'm not sure I understand what you're saying. What is your argument, exactly? "14 years lost." 14 years lost how? Do you not have the house/item that you spent 14 years paying off? Or was it credit-card debt? I don't mean to be facetious here, but babies don't just pop out of nowhere. They have to be conceived through sexual intercourse (generally). Not having unprotected sex is the moral high ground, not abortion. Let's not get into that sticky topic as it's a corner case (rape, etc). I'm not so sure that that is the sole reason they get touchy about the topic. I think somehow people view having children as some sort of inherent "right" of being a human. Sure, of course no one should stop them from doing it. All I'm saying is that it's not very moral or virtuous to bring a child into this world that you can't reasonably take care of till adulthood. Why? Care to elaborate on that? "Is over 100% of the original debt "justice" or exploitation?" Would it make any difference to your reasoning if the individual was financially illiterate as opposed to financially educated? Because from my point of view, it's neither justice nor exploitation, but agreed and consensual contract. Now whether those individuals made a good decision to get into the contract is a different discussion entirely, and is why I ask the above question of you. So could you boil down your argument for "limiting circumstances" for me, then? i.e. X is bad because Y, etc. Credit exists because different people/entities have different time preferences for money, which is a value differential. Sure, this can be influenced and skewed based on life-circumstance. e.g. one of the posters in this thread noted how "10,000" in debt helped them get through a very troubling time in their life and how they're very grateful they had access to it at the time. Are you going to say that it was "not okay" that the creditor helped him with that? Are you saying that they should have given him/her the money for absolutely no reason, no profit, nothing? Are you implying that lending is okay if it's for charity? What, really, I can't even fathom how you can hold your opinion as logically consistent. This story reminded me of this: http://www.pcpro.co.uk/news/80885/new-p2p-service-uses-gmail... Note, it's from 2005, blast from the past. Do you not have something like this in America: http://www.liberty.co.za/our-products/protecting-your-income... It's pretty much a sort of "insurance" that then pays out your salary for X amount of time if you become unable to work for whatever reason. There are many different types/kinds of this type of thing here... That's not the tone that the parent poster was responding to. It was the tone that implied that this was some sort of dead-beat, abusive husband/father. On the AT&T part though, I agree fully. Individuals should not have access to that sort of information. So then the end result is that opinions/comments that a lot of people disagree with will get punished? Seems counter-intuitive if you're trying to have a reasonable argument/discussion/debate about something. It's one thing to express disagreement, but it's completely different to silence + punish someone because you disagree with them. And some of them rely on the goodwill / honesty of the employees that have access to said sensitive data. Might not be the best way to go around it, but it does happen. Quote from the post we're talking about: "His girlfriend left, took the kids, and didn't tell him where they had gone." We simply have no information to make the sorts of conclusions you are making. You are making assumptions based on what appears to be your views on the matter. As further evidenced by you bringing in Mens Rights Activism with your comment about the parent poster being an "MRA troll", for no reason. Or perhaps you're just trying to taint the discussion by making it about womens/mens rights. When it could just simply be either an abusive stalker boyfriend or a crazy girlfriend that kidnapped kids. Hindsight being 20/20, not much he can do now after the fact. Respect will do little when a relationship gets to such a point. You would think that, hey. But I've been recently reading up about the subject, and it seems that father's rights when it comes to children and their custody is wildly skewed in favor of the mother. Look online and you'll find countless stories about perfectly reasonable fathers not getting custody, while they claim the mother is bad (Crazy,addict,something). You're still making big assumptions based on your opinion of a person or specific action. We still don't know if the guy was abusive or not. And until we do, it's just as reasonable to think that he used other means to solve his problem because he was desperate/determined or maybe he was in fear of his children's lives, etc. Even the wording you chose to use now, " abusing privilege", is loaded with negative connotations. Let me go out and just say this, because it needs to be said. If my son (and yes I do have one) was in some sort of trouble, or danger, or perhaps taken from me for whatever reason, and by someone I don't trust to take care of him... Then you can bet your bones I'll "abuse" my "privileged position" in order to rectify the situation and bring him home safely. Not because I'm some sort of abusive father, or asshole that wants to stalk people. But because I want to protect my son. There you go, a perfectly valid and simple reason for a normal, non-abusive person to break rules in order to do good. "If a large number of individuals or businesses are heavily invested in the-way-things-are, is it ever dangerous to rapidly change the market rules that we've built up- usually for the purposes of consumer protection or fostering businesses that benefit the larger community?" Drastic and radical changes that happen quickly are probably quite a shock to a lot of business/industries/people. However, we must take care in what "regulation" or "consumer protection" as you call it, we add lest we actually make the subsequent change more drastic and actually harmful(more so than the harm we're trying to prevent by putting the regulation in place). We're only in this situation because of regulation designed to protect already-invested businesses. At the time it was probably argued that having them fail would be a "dangerous and rapid change", or something to that effect. And the regulation sort of propped up or let the businesses get even more heavily invested into their ideas with no fear of alternative markets etc. We could argue that if those regulations never got in place, those relatively smallish businesses would have failed at the time. The then owners would have adjusted, started over, or re-tooled their business to fit in. "The public is already aware of who "ISIS" is, and what they do." The majority of people do, yes. However, you have to consider how powerful language is. Calling something by it's literal, and true meaning strips it of a lot of power to maneuver itself and what it means/stands for. "Fyi, I'm more interested in the marketing, than the politics." Well, depending on who you ask, those two are the same. Politicians market themselves, their ideas, and their favoritism to their audience. They want you to "buy" more of what they have to offer, as opposed to you "buying" their competitors. Now, whether they do it for a noble or greedy cause is open to debate. However, not one either side is likely to win in any sort of reasonable time frame. If anyone wants to jump on the band wagon for this new name, here is a start: https://www.google.com/search?q=isis+daesh or https://www.google.com/search?q=isis+new+name+daesh And perhaps the french could convince anonymous or 4chan to help out. I'm curious... Do the Scottish have a book that states whether or not a Scotsman should eat porridge? Because if it does, and it's a book they follow for their Scottish belief system, then that throws a spanner in the whole comparison. "The premise of "distrust of authority is propaganda" is so self-contradictory that I wonder if this article is a deliberate troll. [...] In conclusion: the thesis made no logical sense, the examples were poor, and the writing was needlessly verbose." Likewise. I was thoroughly disappointed with the article. It started off as a hopeful "hint" at social commentary about the underlying nature of how movies/stories/epics affect us in subtle ways. And it turned out to be a glorified, overly verbose rant against the "distrust of authority". Maybe I should take a leap and suggest that perhaps this author is currently having a bit of a political crisis in his life and is trying to reconcile democracy with how he views what the article refers to as "idiots". Either he accepts that the majority are "idiots", or he constructs a narrative around how they're not really "idiots", and that it's just the "propaganda" that tricks us into thinking so. Or it could be just me, projecting. Not even a business. From the sounds of it in the article, it seems that these drivers think that they are employees. They even "bought and rented cars in order to..." do this activity. Well, the examples cited anyways, not all of them. I can totally see why people are giving Uber and Lyft a bad rap now. Because the drivers are treating it like a job. And no wonder that they're now using employee-like terms such as "minimum wage" and "living wage". Not to mention that so many people are probably desperate for an easy (to get and to hold) job like this that they've flooded the market. No wonder that Uber/Lyft is able to command their prices. It's not exactly a key-value store, but have a look at this: https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Temporal_database Though, if I personally had this requirement, I would just roll my own as it sounds very basic and easy to represent in a plain RDBMS. No way am I going to base my DB choice/design or infrastructure impementation for something this small. " Based off history " Haven't read/heard much on this... Curious of examples? " private ownership of common property " Bit of an oxymoron you got going there. If something is privately owned, it can't be common(public) property by definition. Even so, we have yet to establish that internet infrastructure is somehow "common/public property". I'm curious how you think that's the case (that internet infrastructure is public property)? Just an FYI: Currently, this article is on the front page of buzzfeed. Perhaps, for a brief time, we've made a genuinely good and interesting article bubble up their internal rankings? "Learning is fun; endless googling is not." Searching for knowledge/information, discovering domain-specific terms, then finding their definitions... these are all very important parts of learning. Any time I've had to get into a new domain, I start off with searching. Then you discover new terms specific to that domain, then you learn those terms, then you apply those terms to learn more in-depth topics about the domain you're learning about. Before you know it, you're a jack of a new domain (or more than a jack, if you put the time in). " There's no decent way (IMO) to learn generic problem solving skills other than solving a lot of problems for yourself. That's what worries me about these bootcamp things. " This! In my team, everyone comes to me for help with their problems. Generally, 75% of the time, I know the answer (because I've come across it before). And the other 25%, I solve their novel problem because I ask the right questions, and use basic problem-solving and problem-narrowing steps. It really isn't rocket-science, it's just analytical, or problem-solving ability. I suppose it has many names. After burning much over other peoples' problems, I eventually resorted to guiding them towards the right direction. Asking them what they think is the problem, getting them to tell me their thought-processes. It's helped quite a bit... That's because there is a complete disconnect between "javascript hosting" and "AppGyver". Try being more specific: Search for: "hosting html5 javascript steroids.js" Because AppGyver seems to be related to some sort of JS framework called steroids.js. I'm not going to do it for you, but presumably there is a logical search chain that gets you from "javascript" or "javascript framework" to "Steroids.js". Yes, I search a lot. It's the third most useful tool I have at my human disposal, just after "touch-typing" and "problem-solving ability". "It's cool. But a language like C would be much better suitable for these microcontrollers." When you realize why the above doesn't sound right to you, then you'll realize why your sentence doesn't sound right to the rest of us. "* if a lot of operations are supposed to happen in a sequential fashion, their code should follow sequentially.*" He is absolutely correct in this. However, he's wrong with regards to the level of abstraction. Those "operations" should be part of functions that could be scattered all over the code base in whatever order they were written. But at the end of the day, they will be called sequentially right next to each other. I've often found this to be the case. The developers I see that make these "god" functions are unable to write and compose their code in layers. They instead see the entire run (start->finish) of their programs as one giant series of "sequential" "operations". So what ends up happening is they've got high-level code, interspersed with low level io/networking/db calls. In reference to your 450 line function. What you just explained to me are three different sections to some algorithm that you have. One of the sections you already have as a separate function. However, the other two are quite large. Imagine you've just found this 450 line function while debugging. How would you know to not go through each line to find the problem, or step over all 300/1/150 line chunks of it? There is benefit in being able to group the chunks, and maybe your comments are quite obvious in the grouping. But if I know I'm looking for a "validation" bug, and I come across a grouping of three functions which are called, say, "PrepareRFCRequest", "GetResponseInformation" and "ConstructResponse" then I can very easily deduce that they're not related to my problem and ignore them. You could say they're not my concern. A lot of these things I talk about build upon each other. i.e. If you then go ahead and put some sort of input validation inside of your "GetResponseInformation" function, then the grouping / function abstraction is pretty much useless and may even be detrimental when debugging, e.g. in my example above. "there will only be one caller and doing so would be doing so for its own sake" No, there is benefit to putting it in its own function. Even if there is one caller. Because creating functions isn't always about reducing duplication, but of concerns/abstraction and to me above all composability. " [1] I did have to deal with a code base where the developer went way overboard with functions, most of which only have one caller. It's so bad that the main loop of the program is five calling levels deep. I once traced one particular code path down a further ten levels of function calls (through half a dozen files) before it did actual work. " Perhaps you, I, and the developer you speak of have a different view of what the "main body/loop" of the program, or any program in general. "It's far easier to do a brain dump and write everything in sequence upfront as a proof-of-concept. That should be in the very early stages only though." I guess I'm different to you in that regard. To me, my "brain dump" is a bunch of function skeletons that I write out at a high-level. E.g. if I know at some point I'll have to parse a file, I brain dump it as: result = parse_file(get_file_data()) At that point, I've already defined my "higher-level" brain dump (as you call it) without having to worry about stuff like file-format, filenames, checking for deleted files, etc. " Taking if-blocks or loops and putting them into their own function just to shrink the size of the god function to pretend you're refactoring really serves no purpose though (IMO) " Well, depends on the if-blocks I'd say. 99% of the time, I bet you that those blocks and loops can grouped into logical pieces of work that happen in stages. Claiming that we do it just to "pretend" we're refactoring doesn't really add anything to the conversation. "But hopefully we've learned that the guy selling OOP as the answer to everything is full of shit" Replace OOP in your statement with "anything" and I'd say you're spot-on. Well, creating jobs means that money get's given to those that get those newly created jobs. Now, I agree with the OP's assertion that it's kinda ridiculous to claim that labor automagically creates money. But the end result in this case is that money spent on "job-creation" is money that is given (or if you want to go further, redistributed) to those that got the jobs. I think that we've somehow, as a society, been convinced in thinking that state-intervention needs to "create" jobs because industry won't do it by itself. That's the assertion we need to fix/educate about, not the one that job creation means more money, as you claim. Which I can understand, because it's only in recent years where labor and value have gotten quite obviously disconnected. To the point such that we've got quite a lot of data points to assert that the theory doesn't hold true anymore. He's referring to Fractional Reserve Banking, have a look at the wiki page for more info: https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Fractional_reserve_banking We're no where near that point where the value of their labor is less than what is required for them to feed themselves, and yet millions of people a year go to sleep hungry, or die of starvation, have their growth stunted, etc. I am totally not comfortable allowing people to starve. That is why I pay taxes, and I expect them to be fed using that money. And I am downright pissed-off that it's still an issue. I don't think it's capitalism that you should be directing any undue criticism over "value of labor" when it's currently government that is the cause#1 of hunger/starvation. #1: They're the cause because they're not fixing it. I think people find ebola more frightening. Even if it's caused a tiny amount of deaths compared to other, less frightening diseases. " Quick, think of one of the largest and most consistently flagrant private entities who violates the privacy of its users on a regular basis, and is well known for it." And then you go on to claim Facebook and Google as examples of your "violation of privacy". That's like saying my email provider violates my privacy because my email goes through their servers. Or the post-office violates my privacy because my snail mail goes through them. Quite a bit of a stretch, if you ask me. What people do care about is targeted invasion of privacy, for lack of a better phrase. It's one thing having anonymized data "abused" for targeted advertising and selling as aggregated statistics. But it's completely different if you have an entity that can read your emails at will , and decide to throw you in a cage if you say the wrong thing to the wrong person. How am I supposed to pronounce the name? What about gun-manuals? How about teaching people to drive? Teaching them to use a knife? Makeup classes? Wig instruction manuals? Zipping files with encryption? SSL? The list goes on and on and on. All those things help criminals evade capture, or to commit some sort of crime. You've just drawn some arbitrary line (drivers education ok, tor setup advice bad) because you have absolutely no idea what makes one worse and the other not. And we've probably seen way more incidents where a mini-mob of cops decided it was good to pummel on someone, just because their blue brothers are doing it. Point being, we can't just judge something by the ways in which people will end up abusing it. Almost all things can be overdone and abused by the determined/misguided/malicious. Sure, having a "mob" on speed-dial might be a bad idea, but at the same time we could be throwing out a perfectly valid crowd-source solution to crime. Which is not something I think we should be throwing out lightly in our society of "don't get involved" mentality. Note, this seems to be Iphone-only. Because you're making it out to be some sort of binarized chicken/egg problem, where I'd say it's more of a grey-mush of chicken and egg mixed into one. They feed off of eachother, whether up or down the spiral of wealth. I sincerely hope we grow as a society in this regard. And not allow ourselves to be held back by the constant drain of propping up the unproductive, instead of letting them stumble and reach for their dreams. I think what he's trying to point out is that "it's currently socially-acceptable to effectively discriminate (or in this case ignore for 'equality') against those that are currently-viewed as privileged". Personally, I've given up trying to argue with people on this matter. Some view this sort of reverse-discrimination as some sort of noble social-correction mechanism, I just view as what it is. Because, to me, at the end of the day, we are dealing with individuals. And sure, we may be uplifting certain individuals, but at a cost of other individuals purely because their gender/race was previously benefited in some way. Or looks and height for that matter. https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Height_discrimination "go with a balanced diet." As much as I'd like to, it's next to impossible to even figure out what a "balanced diet" is these days. The information conflicts even on something that basic. At first I thought it was because I had javascript disabled on the site, but nope, enabling it didn't help one bit. It's almost as if the site was designed to be solely read on some tiny-screened mobile device or something, with all that text squished in the middle. I don't understand the Emperor and 'beloved leader' references in your post? It was quite obviously either completely rendered, or rendered on top of an actual video. It felt like a plain commercial, with "cgi" added ontop of it for effect. I mean, no one expects little flying transparent windows to pop out the side of their card, do they? Of course not. So I don't think they were doing it surreptitiously, but merely to make a pretty "commercial" to sell their product. In the anarcho-capitalist community we call it slave labor. It is a bit of a stretch to say as much, but it get's clumped under the same umbrella as conscription. i.e. Government compelling you to do labor (usually for free), which is just a bit away from "government compelling you to enforce it's laws/regulation/process/bureaucracy/tax enforcement on it's behalf, at your own personal business cost". Assuming that's what you mean with bureaucratic integration? i.e. Government getting businesses to help them enforce their bureaucracy. Well, it could simply just mean that others have surpassed them in terms of overall wealth, sure. Not that they lost the wealth. Not everyone says that as the answer. Way to straw-man and present a false dichotomy, both in one sentence. Or, how about if I claim that there is a certain "group" of people that after being presented with any sort of economic problem pipe-up with a "matter-of-factly" and "know-it-all" attitude that we should: "you know, basic income". Things are a little more complicated than that, beedogs. " Because it's right. " Apparently, the majority have not yet agreed with you on that one. You're welcome to make the world "right" with your own money, though. Personally, I like to think that people can relate to a story/experience without the need to make it gender neutral. As someone that has to overcome a social debility, I can't even contemplate the height of arrogance of telling others to jump through hoops for my sake. Politeness and respect is all I ask. Barring that, I simply do not interact with them. That sounds completely broken. So he has to "pre-trial" admit to owning the "evidence" or "tool of committing the crime", or something. Thereby admitting "guilt" without it being admissible in court later on. So then, everyone knows he's guilty, because he admitted it, but they can't "prove it" because of a technicality of using that evidence. The reason that sounds broken to me is that he has to first admit guilt in order to defend some "noble" right to privacy that'll allow him to be acquitted. If he does that, his entire life is ruined because he will forever be tainted in the media and law-enforcement as "guilty, but got away due to a technicality". They will never stop hounding him, and will actively put him under their investigation spot-light for his entire life. This applies whether he's actually guilty, or not. "At this point it's just a server that the FBI found something on they're planning on using in the trial." Yes, a server they potentially broke into and violated someone's privacy over. Why does it have to be more complicated than that? In fact, someone at the FBI should be charged with some sort of illegal-seizure crime, or violation of privacy crime. Whatever it's called these days by the lawyer-priesthood. " Much of the developed world does have substantially better social safety nets that the US, and lower rates of income inequality " Can you point me to your sources on this, I'm quite curious? "If you've got a great designer spending 100 hours on a theme, the result will be much better." That is why the OP mentioned "Bootstrap is good if you don't have a lot of time or budget to spend on design." Maybe you should have posted in the root of the thread, instead? Well, I'm an anarcho-capitalist. And I advocate no government intervention, in everything. When I use the term "socalism" or "socialist" while discussing a political topic, it doesn't mean I'm comparing it to, or saying it is Socialism. To me, like I would assume most other anarcho-capitalists and libertarians, socialism isn't a binary. It's a grey-scale towards socialism. So, while most would not say that public schooling or a social safety-net are "socialist" or meaning we have "Socialism", the anarcho-capitalists and libertarians would just be implying that this is one of the many things on the way to socialism. Perhaps we're wrong, and these extras and government-projects, etc won't lead to a full socialist form of government. But every single time one of those things is enacted, it's a step in the direction of a less free society. A step in less voluntary and peaceful ways of solving problems. We say peaceful and voluntary because by our definition, government is neither of those (but that's a whole long discussion just by itself). *edit: missing word. People have gotten very used to some of the niceties and existing organizations that have evolved around normal currency (Over a lot of years. Probably a few orders magnitude more years than how long Bitcoin has even existed). Such a safety net does not exist for Bitcoin, yet. It's just a matter of people realizing that fact, and re-acting accordingly. Be more cautious, perhaps come up with some sort of novel organization to fill this need, even. "I'm guessing this means that they will try and maximize profit rather than maximize cheap and clean energy for the entire world. That is a bit disappointing if true." I don't understand what you expect? You want them to give it away for free? After paying very intelligent, expensive engineers decades worth of salaries to create it? You want them to create a fund where people can donate their hard-earned money for this noble goal? I'm sure you could give them a call with that idea, or you could create your own fund, even. Or you could badger your "government" to fund such a project. Seeing as government is a very good analogy for a bunch of people giving their collective earnings for society-level goals. Let me know how that goes. Samsung did their own enhancements to Android just for this problem. They have some sort of feature called "Smart network switch". The description says: "Automatically switch between wifi and mobile networks to maintain a stable internet connection. If the noble concepts supposedly behind democracy had any traction with governments, they would have led us to a direct democracy, not a representative one. Instead, we get a half-assed attempt at letting free-people to rule themselves. Forget money as some sort of concept that breaks democracy by allowing people to game the system. The bigger problem you have to worry about is the smooth-talkers, the influential leaders and all their legions of followers. Their single influential vote, counts a whole lot more than yours, or ours, and that single vote means no equality. At some point, someone linked to a site that let people donate or bounty-out for people to run Tor exit nodes, or relays. Can't remember the details, or the url, though. I've been looking for it... I think what he's trying to say is that minor taxation implies minor-intervention on the part of the government. So the more taxation you have, the more funding is given to the government. The implication being that more funding means that they can institute more, or more overreaching policies that distort free-market operation. Oh don't mind that, that's your inner biases and preconceptions talking. Some see one thing, others see differently. I'm curious what your definition of "exploitation" is. Well, I was curious of what you mentioned, so I looked it up. Switzerland is a Federal multi-party directorial republic with elements of direct democracy. I do recall reading up on that recent referendum they had about the capping of CEO wages that didn't go through. But thanks for the heads up, I'll look into what they have going on over there with their flavor of democracy. " bad educational system " Indeed, and bad in the sense that it generally doesn't teach this sort of thing. Or prepare individuals sufficiently deal with a lot of life situations. But at least they know trigonometry! (If they even graduated higschool) " 2) Are there any crowd-sourced solutions available yet for these cases where doctors clearly have no idea? Someone enters all their symptoms and people discuss online and try to come up with some possible options. " A while back I was looking for info on some medical "issue" that I had trouble defining the correct search terms for. Anywho, I eventually came to some sort of medical site where users could ask questions. And then doctors would comment/answer/respond on it. Now, I presume that these doctors were paid and/or verified, but I never looked too far into it. They sure sounded like they knew what they were talking about, and it wasn't as if they copy-pasted something from the net / a book, the responses were tailored to the questions. " Some will be assholes. " Agreed, I'm just glad I'm in a position where I can simply walk out on a doctor being an asshole to me. And then proceed to the next practice over. If enough people do that, things would be much better. Unfortunately, that's not always possible. Of course, but when you're "in pain", or in a life-threatening situation... Time is more valuable than "politeness". At that point, I wouldn't care if I'm being treated by an asshole, or even Hitler himself. "I have no idea where this meme that free market health care looks like the US comes from." Probably brought to you by the same spin-doctors that invented the mythical "trickle-down" economics theory. Well, medical-tourism isn't an answer to everyone's problems, at all ends of the socioeconomic spectrum. But if your assertion is indeed correct (that poor people aren't getting access to medicine in the US), then that's another argument against socialized (at least of the American-kind) medicine, and not at all a failing of free-market medicine. I'd also like to point out, as it doesn't seem like people go far enough in these sorts of analysis. We tend to draw some arbitrary line of causation, conveniently where it suits us. Obviously, the further back you go, the more difficult it is to draw conclusions and link causation/incentive, but it's important to at least try. E.g. You claim that the problem stems from HMO's spreading risk/cost using premiums, and doctors using that to over-charge fraudulently. But, have you considered why the doctors are able to do so (and get away with )? Perhaps because there is a shortage of them. Or something else, the point I'm trying to make is that we need to go a little bit further. Do the doctor's get some sort of incentive (monetary, or otherwise) to get more patients? Because if they don't, then you can "change your GP" till your blue in the face, but they won't compete with one another at all to offer you better service/treatment. It's not about lack of choice. The choice represents the doctors' competition with one-another. Obviously, as I've pointed out, the choice also has to have meaningful repercussions for the doctor involved, otherwise it's not really the kind of choice that can make a difference. So if I make a promise, and then "change my viewpoint" on it, then I'm allowed to break said promise? Am I understanding your argument there, or is there more to it? Or, we could go back to the author's point about the public being deluded. Which is supported by them voting the guy in a second time, even after they say him with his "changed viewpoint", and lack of promise-keeping. We never said anything about the promises being "harmful". It's also not his place to decide what is/isn't harmful, he was elected based on certain premises and promises of certain actions. Of course, he get's to interpret stuff/meaning, but directly not doing the things he promised without a valid reason to explain is quite immoral. Now if you want to argue that "he has a good reason, we just don't know it" then you're pretty much conceding that your people aren't really running the country a la democracy. It means that they're picking a president on completely imperfect information, and have nothing but promises and character to go by. Heck, they can't even rely on the candidates keeping/breaking their promises. Positive policy changes - good. No one is saying that he did only bad things or anything, that's not being discussed at all, and neither is his character or how good of a person he is. That's like saying: "Yeah, sure, my husband beats me... But yesterday he said he loved me, and he bought me flowers. I'm sure he beats me for a reason, and I don't know what information he bases my beatings on." The example is ridiculous, but it shows the irrelevancy of good deeds outweighing the bad, through extreme points. Wow, I had no idea that tear-gas is a chemical weapon. Banned from being used in warfare, but A-OK to be used on your own populace? Just, wow. Would allowing tear-gas and other "chemical weapons" in war break down what we consider war? Would it somehow lead to wars so brutal no one would want to wage them? How desperate does a relatively sane country have to get before it deploys tactics we would currently reserve as "terrorism" and "weapons of mass destruction"? For those that didn't get the Latin reference: Bread and Circuses. http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Bread_and_circuses " During the industrial revolution, the goal of progress in technology (and machines to be more specific) was always to, one day, have no humans working to survive, but living lives and do whatever they want. " I'm curious what gave you that impression? If you have links/references, I'm all ears. "It was forced on banks and petroleum marketers undemocratically." Oh, so their elected officials weren't really elected democratically? Because, you know, that's something you have to prove first before you can make assertions such as the one above. I couldn't scroll at all after the initial animation. What exactly is supposed to happen on the site?