> for the record, it is included when you copy from the URL bar Yes, but this is part of what makes the "feature" so annoying for usability obsessives such as myself. It makes copy & paste work differently in the URL bar than they do everywhere else and in every other application. Normally copy only copies the text you select. Now when you paste you not only paste the text you selected, but some extra, previously unseen text as well. I know that once you hide the " http:// you pretty much have to do copy & paste this way, to avoid people pasting incomplete URLs, but it still feels weird, at least to me... To get Rails running on a Mac, you simply have to install XCode Why? Seriously, even in Java you can get to "Hello World" with just a text editor. You don't need to download Eclipse first. If installing XCode and editing things freaks you out, then you may not be cut out for the level of coding required to actually use Rails I love the idea that someone who prefers emacs or vim over an IDE like XCode is insufficiently l33t for the awesomeness that is Rails. Bzzt wrong. Installing Java is the same as installing Ruby . The JDK doesn't include an IDE. And why do I need a C compiler to work in Ruby, anyway? I assume it's to compile your own version of Ruby. (Which is another way the Java comparison doesn't work -- you need the Java tools to compile your own code , not to compile Java .) But why on earth would a newbie want/need to do that? Rails does run best on a Mac, and there are reasons for that It seems like an odd decision to make the platform for your server-based application run best on an OS that has zero server marketshare... You're probably right. But at least in the Pythonverse that's something you don't run into right off the bat. The first step to getting started with, say, Django isn't "get a C compiler." So to work in Ruby I either need a C compiler or a JVM? Is Ruby really so slow that you can't do "Hello World" in Rails without leaping into a faster environment? At least (he said, heaving a huge sigh) it didn't advise them to run the commands via sudo. That is literally the only nice thing I can say about a "tutorial" that tells people to blindly run code snippets off the net. It's fairly uncommon in Python, at least in my limited experience. Libraries commonly advertise themselves as "Pure Python" to make it clear that they don't require compiling things in C. If your project gets up to very large scale things are probably different, but there's no need to deal with that in a "Hello World"-type tutorial. Or you can just let your distribution's repositories deal with all that for you. On Debian/Ubuntu/etc. Django and mysql-python are both installable via apt. That manages all your dependencies nicely. The versions you get may be a little older than you'd get if you grabbed them from elsewhere, but usually not so much that you'd notice. I know there's been some bad blood between the Ruby and Debian communities about Debian package maintainers not accepting bleeding-edge versions of Ruby software into the Debian repos; that may have been why Ruby went off and built its own set of package managers. Having had experience organizing lots of public speaking/platform events, I can assure you that "please provide milk and sugar" is one of the easiest-to-comply with requests I've ever seen. He doesn't specify that it must be soy milk, or 2%, or half and half. He doesn't say it has to be natural cane sugar grown on the sunny side of a hill and harvested by certified sugar cane naturalists during the summer solstice. He just wants milk and sugar; beyond that he leaves the details to you. Worst case scenario is that he doesn't use them, in which case you're out what, two dollars? That is peanuts compared to what some riders cost you by specifying elaborate A/V and lighting setups, specific vendors and contractors (i.e. friends of the speaker) you have to deal with, luxury transportation and lodging, et al. As to the "what kind of tea" issue, he helpfully solves the problem for you -- he'll bring his own, which he is guaranteed to like. So there's no scenario where your failure to choose the right tea will result in him being tealess. Strictly speaking the only thing you're on the hook to provide is hot water, which is free and easy to scrounge up at short notice. It's really a remarkably stress-free document, as riders go. Several kinds of tea?!? Oh no, anything but that. For comparison purposes, you can download the Foo Fighters' concert rider here: http://www.thesmokinggun.com/documents/celebrity/foo-fighter... Perhaps Stallman's rider would be better received if he had provided it as a coloring book... Just because a biographer had access to the subject doesn't mean the biography is necessarily better. "Authorized" biographies are notorious for slanting favorably towards their subjects, papering over their flaws and building up their good points. Sometimes that's just a byproduct of spending a lot of time with someone; you can't spend all those hours with a person without starting to see things at least a little the same way they do. Other times it's a condition they had to agree to in order to get that access in the first place. I'm not calling this biography slanted -- how would I know, I haven't even read it yet -- I'm challenging the assertion that a biography written with access to the subject is automatically better than one written without it. Wow. Good catch. When the main element of an app's pitch is that it looks great, it removes a lot of the cool factor to find out that the look was achieved by dropping in a canned theme. The crazy thing is that you hear people talking about how they've "started a company" when they haven't figured out how to make their new operation do the primary thing a company does, which is MAKE MONEY. If you're not making money, you're not a company. You're a collection of people that might be a company, someday. You're right. What does imply the other is the disproportionate percentage of African-Americans in the prison popuplation, relative to the percentage they are of the overall population (see https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Incarceration_in_the_United_St... ). African-Americans are disproportionately imprisoned in every state; in twenty states, they're imprisoned at five times the rate you would expect by their share of the state's population. But wouldn't you rather pin your mission-critical data to a table and give it a night it will never forget? :-D http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=b2F-DItXtZs This is one of the dumbest things I've ever seen. Many of these folks don't even know what Flash or HTML5 are. Explain the issue to them. Let them know why some websites are built to work on the desktop, while others are built to work on mobile; it's better this way No it isn't. Users shouldn't have to know or care about that stuff. The fact that they do is a bug, not a feature. Kind of like Flash. If you want to visit a similar facility in the US, there's one at the Greenbrier resort in West Virginia: http://www.greenbrier.com/play-here/the-bunker.aspx The Greenbrier bunker was built in the late 1950s/early 1960s as the emergency relocation point for the U.S. Congress in the event of a nuclear war. Its existence was kept secret until 1992, when a Washington Post story revealed it: http://www.washingtonpost.com/wp-srv/local/daily/july/25/bri... There are other similar facilities from the same era now known to the public, like Cheyenne Mountain in Colorado, Mount Weather in Virginia, and Raven Rock ("Site R") in Pennsylvania, but since those all still have some operational role they offer less access to the public than the Greenbrier bunker (which was decommissioned after the Post story) does. It wasn't an unprecedented decision. Mount Weather in Virginia (see http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Mount_Weather_Emergency_Operati... ) was an even bigger project designed to house and protect the executive branch, but it was compromised through sheer bad luck when in 1974 a TWA flight happened to crash into it. Reporters came to report on the crash and were surprised to find this huge, massively secure, fenced-off Federal installation in the middle of nowhere. Mount Weather wasn't shut down after that, but its role as a key relocation point was scaled back considerably. The problem with Mount Weather after 1974 was the same problem as the Greenbrier bunker had after 1992 -- the entire value of a facility like that is dependent on the Soviets not knowing it exists, because hydrogen bombs are so powerful that it's pretty much impossible to build anything that can survive a direct hit. The only way facilities like the Greenbrier, or Mount Weather, or even Cheyenne Mountain could hope to survive in a full-out nuclear war would be if they were secret enough so that the enemy wouldn't target them directly. Thankfully the prospects of full-out nuclear war aren't as bad as they used to be, so the investment in most of these facilities isn't totally wasted; many government leaders were relocated to Mount Weather on 9/11, for instance, when it wasn't clear if more terrorist attacks were imminent, and Dick Cheney is said to have worked for a time in the days after 9/11 out of Raven Rock. Neither facility would survive a direct hit from an ICBM, but when your enemies don't have ICBMs they're pretty much as secure as you can get. I would actually doubt that, myself. The costs of building those structures were enormous, and by 1970 or so hydrogen bombs had become powerful enough and ICBMs accurate enough that it was pretty much impossible to build something that would survive a direct hit. Once that point is reached the only protection that the site has is its secrecy, and it costs the enemy less to hire spies and launch satellites than it does to build a new mountain. It's a losing race. Facilities like these are a remnant of the civil-defense mentality of the 1950s. When the weapons were Hiroshima-style atomic bombs and the guidance systems were a guy 20,000 feet up looking down a bombsight, it was possible to build buildings that could survive an attack. Once you have hydrogen bombs and reasonably sophisticated inertial guidance systems, though, that possibility evaporates. They do mention it in their press release: "HP also will contribute ENYO, the application framework for webOS, to the community in the near future along with a plan for the remaining components of the user space." http://www.hp.com/hpinfo/newsroom/press/2011/111209xa.html?m... > Android had now caught up to it a bit with ICS and their "People" card Not surprising, seeing as how Google hired the guy who designed the webOS UI, Matias Duarte, to lead Android UI development starting with ICS... Not interested enough, apparently! > There is a small park at the very end of the runway where you can watch planes landing that fly just 100 ft above you. It's pretty awesome. Yup, that's Gravelly Point [1]. It's right on the Mount Vernon bike trail that runs from DC to Mount Vernon through Alexandria, so it's a nice place to stop and hydrate if you're riding that trail (and are doing a leisurely fun ride rather than a time-is-the-enemy bike commute). [1] http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Gravelly_Point Technically there's not a Metro rail line to Dulles, but there is a Metro express bus that runs there -- the 5A bus picks up passengers at L'Enfant Plaza in DC and Rosslyn in Virginia, and then goes straight out to Dulles without any further stops. [1] Rail would be better, since the rail cars are more comfortable than buses and don't get stuck in traffic. Unfortunately given the dysfunctional nature of Metro governance the long-hoped-for rail line to Dulles is one of those things that never actually seems to get any closer to completion. [1] http://wmata.com/bus/timetables/dc/05a.pdf > if I had it all to do again, I'd do many things different > now, as it turns out, I have a chance to do it all again > throwing out what didn't work, and strengthening what does > not feel like you're running a dirty hack Second-system syndrome [1] ahoy! [1] See http://www.the-wabe.com/notebook/second-system.html , http://c2.com/cgi/wiki?SecondSystemEffect , http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Second-system_effect , http://www.joelonsoftware.com/articles/fog0000000069.html , et al > Working with the ASF and the CouchDB community, we hope to integrate the core capabilities of BigCouch into Apache CouchDB. Hopefully this will put to rest the tired (and false) “CouchDB doesn’t scale” meme. This is kind of hilarious, seeing as how the whole reason why CouchDB (and all the other NoSQL databases) exist is because of the "MySQL doesn't scale" meme... I think it has more to do with the usual background of each language's programmers. Perl coders (especially Back In The Day) tended to disproportionately come to Perl from systems administration backgrounds; package management is something that sysadmins are used to worrying about, so they created a strong culture of package management in Perl early on. PHPers on the other hand tend disproportionally to come from web design/HTML+CSS backgrounds, which haven't exposed them to the problems that a good package manager is designed to solve. So package management in PHP has never been a priority. The problem with CMSes that have "all the features you want" is that they have so many features that the average user who just needs to plonk some content down on a page and periodically edit it can't wade through all the features to figure out how to do that. (I don't say this to pick on Plone -- I'm a big fan of the TYPO3[1] CMS, for instance, which does lots of the things that he mentions very well, but the downside to that power is that it's insanely hard for normal people to pick up and use.) [1] http://typo3.org Generally speaking software tends to either start powerful and try to work its way towards usability, or start usable and try to work its way towards power. The latter approach almost always beats the former. A simple but usable product attracts new users, those new users eventually start demanding features, the features eventually get added, the new features make the product attractive to more people, some of those people become new users, they demand even more features, etc. It's a virtuous circle. The powerful but complicated product, on the other hand, doesn't attract new users, and its existing users learn to live with its idiosyncrasies, either because they want to or because their boss orders them to. So there's never enough real pressure on the developers to make it truly usable, which means it doesn't attract new users, which means there's no pressure to make it more usable, etc. It's a vicious circle. WordPress has been pursuing the start-simple-and-get-powerful model, and they've made a lot more progress in that direction over the last couple of years than the start-powerful-and-get-usable (Drupal, Plone, TYPO3, etc.) have at making themselves more usable. Don't be too hard on TYPO3, it has its virtues. For instance, it has the most elegant handling of multilingual content I've ever found in fifteen years of working with CMSes. But for a small single-language site (i.e. 99% of the sites people develop) it's definitely overkill. This is an awesome way to rationalize writing software that nobody uses. > Do not be tricked by default Drupal installation UI Defaults are extremely powerful things. For most users they are all of your product they will ever experience. If your default settings are off-putting, people will feel that your software is off-putting. The defaults are the welcome mat. If the welcome mat is studded with titanium spikes coated with blowfish toxin, you shouldn't be surprised if people aren't eager to walk through the door. I wonder how many people said these same words to Larry Page and Sergey Brin back in 1997. And that was when Yahoo's brand meant something! Devil's advocate checking in... > Greeks have specific needs that Facebook and other sites do not meet. Such as? > At UPenn, the average budget is ~$125,000 a semester, and that's money each house MUST spend. Perhaps, but what fraction of that do they spend on software, social networking or otherwise? A frat budget of $125K becomes less interesting if they spent $110K of that on Natty Light. > CollegeACB had 900,000 hits its 2nd day, now its down. I'm too old to have experienced it directly in school (thank God), but from what I can tell CollegeACB was basically an anonymous message board that got canned when the discussions (predictably, given the "anonymous" part) took a turn for the offensive. Another previous site that did the same thing, JuicyCampus, also failed in much the same way. But neither of those sound like reasonable comparators to what you're talking about anyway, since (1) they were both targeted towards students in general rather than just towards Greeks, and (2) they were free, whereas you're talking about charging. So it's kind of a lose-lose comparison; if your product is like CollegeACB and JuicyCampus, it's likely to commit suicide via user-generated douchebaggery; if it ISN'T like them, those 900,000 hits don't really speak to the existence of a market for what you're selling. > is that the limit in the States or something? It depends.[1] Speed limits in the US are set by states rather than the Federal government, so they vary depending on where you happen to be driving. Larger/less-dense states tend to have higher limits than smaller/denser states do. There was a national speed limit of 55mph put in place on highways in 1974, but it was repealed in 1995.[2] My guess is that they go with 55mph because memories of the national highway speed cap mean that figure is still fixed in lots of peoples' minds here as "highway speed." [1] http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Speed_limits_in_the_United_Stat... [2] http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/National_Maximum_Speed_Law > How do you get into the Social Networking business and not see this issue coming before the first line of code is written? "It is difficult to get a man to understand something, when his salary depends upon his not understanding it." -- Upton Sinclair ( http://en.wikiquote.org/wiki/Upton_Sinclair ) I would challenge the "sub-$300" qualifier. I had one of those $50 task chairs when I started my business. After nine months I had incredible lower back pain. It felt like I was seventy years old. I'm the cheapest bastard in the world, so I looked long and hard to find a replacement that wasn't that much more expensive, but eventually I ended up biting the bullet and buying a Steelcase Leap [1]. It was expensive -- $900. But looking back on the decision a year and a half later, it was totally worth it. The back pain went away nearly overnight. In other words: on this, don't cheap out. If you're looking for a chair that's going to be your primary work chair, you're going to be spending a significant chunk of your life sitting in it. It's worth spending the money to get something good. It doesn't have to be a Leap, there are lots of options, but resist the temptation to be penny wise and pound foolish. [1] http://www.steelcase.com/en/products/category/seating/task/l... Beyond the Leap (which I recommend unreservedly), here are some other well-regarded options I came across in my search: Haworth Zody (~$700): http://www.haworth.com/en-us/Products/Furniture/Seating/Desk... Steelcase Think (~$700): http://www.steelcase.com/en/products/category/seating/task/t... Herman Miller Aeron (~$800): http://hermanmiller.com/products/seating/work-chairs/aeron-c... Humanscale Freedom (~$1,000): http://humanscale.com/products/product_detail.cfm?group=Free... Herman Miller Embody (~$1,200): http://www.hermanmiller.com/content/hermanmiller/english/pro... If you're open to less traditional seating styles, there's also: Swopper (~$650): http://swopper.com I had a Humanscale Freedom at a previous job and found it kind of stiff and awkward to sit in. YMMV, of course. The most important thing I learned is that it's a huge help if you can find a local store that has several of these so you can sit in each of them and see how they feel. It's a very subjective thing. I'm in the DC area, and a visit to the Healthy Back Store ( http://www.healthyback.com/ ) was a huge help in my decision-making process. But that was my point, I didn't leap directly from $50 to $900. I spent a lot of time looking at the space in between. What I came away with was the impression that pretty much everything under $600 was basically interchangeable junk -- the more expensive chairs in that range were just the cheaper chairs, tarted up with memory foam and the like to justify the higher price. I was thinking more http://www.imdb.com/title/tt0070909/ , myself... People who write code are a tiny, tiny, tiny fraction of the overall computer-using population. That fraction will only get smaller in the years to come as mobile devices get cheaper and more capable. Traditional desktop interfaces will survive, but they will survive in the same way that, say, Emacs survives -- as a niche product for that tiny market segment, not as the default way the Teeming Millions interact with their personal tech. I'm talking about percentages. It's not that the population of programmers won't grow; it's that the population of non-programming users will grow more. > Only if one accepts the slippery slope fallacy that they'll eventually remove the "No unsigned code" option. Not at all, for several reasons. First, defaults are powerful things. The vast majority of users never change them, or even become aware that they can be changed. This remains true even if you throw an unskippable dialog box right up in their face -- lots of people will just blindly click "OK" to accept whatever the default in the dialog box is, without stopping to consider the alternatives. The result is that default settings tend to become "the new normal," even when they're sub-optimal. (Example: why did IE6 rule the Web for a decade, despite being demonstrably inferior to the alternatives for most of that time? Because for nearly all users, it was the default. ) This seems especially true in the case of this particular preference, for two reasons. First, it's a technical question ("what's 'unsigned code?'"), which means many users will avoid changing it for fear that they don't fully understand the consequences of doing so. Second, it involves security, and users have been trained that in questions of security departing from "standard operating procedure" puts them at risk, so others will avoid changing it for fear that doing so will expose them to new vulnerabilities. In other words, it's not unreasonable to expect that offering unsigned code will quickly become an infeasible strategy for OS X developers, even if users still have the option to accept such code. The option may be there, but those developers will find themselves marginalized simply for being something other than the default. > For the duration of the company's existence, one of their biggest customer segments has been the creative industry I would have thought the Final Cut Pro X debacle ( http://pogue.blogs.nytimes.com/2011/06/23/professional-video... ) would have served adequate notice to those folks that Apple doesn't consider them an important market segment anymore... Pretend I'm Apple answering these questions for a moment... > Chrome "Safari." > Photoshop/Adobe CS "Creatives? Did you see what we did to Final Cut? Have you noticed how little we talk about the Mac Pro anymore?" > Fusion/Parallels > Text Editors > FTP Clients "We're in the consumer products business, not the 'tools for nerds' business. Ask an XServe customer if you want more information." > Microsoft Office "We could care less if we sell boring-ass business software into enterprises." > Dropbox "iCloud." I dunno, maybe this[1], or this[2], or this[3], for starters. [1] http://www.pcworld.com/article/140182/facebooks_beacon_more_... [2] http://arstechnica.com/tech-policy/news/2008/05/canadian-gro... [3] http://www.poynter.org/latest-news/media-lab/social-media/14... Don't think they weren't busy in 2009 and 2010, either: http://consumerist.com/2009/02/facebooks-new-terms-of-servic... http://techcrunch.com/2009/12/09/facebook-privacy/ http://online.wsj.com/article/SB1000142405270230477280457555... https://www.eff.org/deeplinks/2010/04/facebook-timeline http://www.wired.com/epicenter/2010/05/facebook-rogue/ That's an example that proves the opposite of your point. You may notice if you watch some older movies (pre-1950s, mostly) that they used to run the ENTIRE credits list at the start of the film. The WHOLE THING. Not just the credits you see at the beginning today, but also all the ones that today are listed at the END of the movie, too. The copyright notices for all the songs they used, the logos for their camera and film providers, the names of all the gaffers and best boys and Assistants To Mr. Bigshot... you had to sit through them all before the movie got underway. They don't do that anymore. Today only a very small number of Very Important People get credited before the start of the movie. Everyone else gets shunted to the end. Why? The answer is TV. When TV came along and movies started getting shown there, they no longer had a captive audience. The audience could now change the channel if they weren't being entertained -- which meant that there was pressure on the filmmakers to GET ON WITH THE DAMN MOVIE. So they moved nearly all the credits to run after the film, rather than before. That was a bit of a blow to all those other folks, of course, since credits at the end of a movie are credits nobody reads -- they're too busy leaving the theater or changing the channel. But it was necessary to conform to the audience's desire that they GET ON WITH THE DAMN MOVIE. Which is Thomas' point: users' expectations are changing. Used to be that it didn't matter that much if your app was slow to load, because users didn't expect it to be fast. But the proliferation of mobile devices and lightweight apps is changing those expectations. So if you care about your users and want to hold on to them, it behooves you to GET ON WITH THE DAMN APPLICATION. Yeah, as audiences' attention spans get ever shorter the pressure to GET ON WITH THE DAMN MOVIE gets ever higher, so filmmakers are always looking for ways to pare down the length of the opening credits or to present them in a way that also starts the story moving. The same evolution has been underway for a couple of decades now with TV shows. Until the early 1990s it was commonplace for TV sitcoms to have a full opening credits reel, complete with a theme song just for that show. Think of the opening of Mary Tyler Moore [1] from back in the '70s, for instance, or Cheers [2] from the '80s; they both became iconic representations of those shows. These intros helped set the tone of the show that followed them. But they generally took a full minute to run, and as the universe of options provided by cable expanded and remote controls became inexpensive, waiting that extra minute for the show to start began to turn off viewers. The push began to GET ON WITH THE DAMN SHOW, and so the traditional musical opening first shrank, then disappeared altogether. Today's openings run much shorter -- 25 seconds max -- and usually include just a couple of title cards and a musical snippet. [1] http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=9m4-Te1m7fY [2] http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=FD8ljNobUys The problem is that ICS is the only Android version for phones that includes any of Duarte's magic, and getting ICS out to the huge population of users of existing Android devices is a major problem. Most won't get it at all, and the few devices that will get it are getting it verrrrry slowly. And even if you go to buy a new device today, odds are that it won't come with ICS, and there are few guarantees that it will even get an upgrade later on. That's not really Google's fault -- it has much more to do with the various (crappy) carrier- and device-manufacturer specific customizations having to all be carted over to ICS -- but it does mean that for the vast majority of users the "Android experience" is going to be stuck at 2.x quality until 2013 at least. Which is a shame. Edit: clarified that first sentence refers to versions of Android available for phones. You know, the versions of Android people actually care about. Point the first -- I was talking about Android-on-phones, not Android-on-tablets. Honeycomb was tablet-only. (Given how anemic sales of Android tablets that aren't labeled "Kindle" have been, that seemed like a safe omission.) Point the second -- I thought Duarte was pretty clear on his feelings regarding how Honeycomb turned out in his ICS launch interview with The Verge ( http://www.theverge.com/2011/10/18/exclusive-matias-duarte-i... ): He starts with a qualifier. "Honeycomb was kind of that emergency landing," he says, "You get there, 'phew, okay survived that,' and when we finished that we said 'what's next?'" ... Matias explains further, "Honeycomb was like: we need to get tablet support out there. We need to build not just the product, but even more than the product, the building blocks so that people stop doing silly things like taking a phone UI and stretching it out to a 10-inch tablet." It's obvious that products like the original Galaxy Tab, with a bastardized version of Android for phones, annoyed him. "So that was the mission, and it was a time-boxed mission. Any corner we could cut to get that thing out the door, we had to." That seems like less of an argument for Bioware letting you skip combat in Mass Effect games and more of an argument for Bioware making combat in Mass Effect games not suck. > If that is really the target market, then why bother creating the gameplay aspects? I think this is a function of the economics that rule the game industry today. (Yes, even at BioWare.) The problem is that what used to be a distinct genre of game, the first-person shooter, became so economically successful that now it has become the default template for every type of game. Stories that in the past would have been told in the format of an adventure game, or an RPG, or a strategy game, are now forced into the format of an FPS, for the simple reason that today AAA titles are FPSes, full stop. This leads to all sorts of weird mutant games, such as the Mass Effect titles, where the things the designers want to do jar roughly against the format. You spend most of your time in Mass Effect games running around gathering power-ups and shooting stuff. (Pedantry alert: it's from a third-person perspective rather than first-person, but the core run-cover-shoot mechanics are the usual FPS staples.) Periodically this tedious routine will be interrupted by a brief non-shooting interlude, which happens to be where all the interesting stuff in the game happens. But after a few minutes of that the game pulls you right back to the running and gunning. You can practically hear the game grunting at you through clenched teeth: "This is a AAA title, dammit! You better believe you're going to be running and gunning!" If adventure games were still an economically viable genre, you could imagine Mass Effect making a hell of an adventure game. Rip out all that running and gunning and just focus on telling the story , since that's clearly where the designers' hearts are anyway. But they can't do that, because between publishers, retailers and gamers, the marketplace won't allow it. If you want to make a game with a AAA budget in the 2010s, it has to be a shooter , or at least be close enough that you can argue the point. So you get a bunch of games that try to weld the mechanics of the FPS onto stories that would fit other formats much, much better. (I'm looking at you, BioShock.) This is an exceptionally lame rebuttal. > There is a fundamental problem when any rechargeable battery is discharged and then left to sit for months. Any boat owner understands that that's why you plug in a trickle charger when the craft is put into storage. Yes, it's an excellent strategy to assume that your car buyers will also be boat owners, and therefore know all the things that boat owners know without you needing to explain them. Because who doesn't own a boat, right? Funny how neither the linked post nor Tesla's official statement on the subject [1] mention any of that stuff. That omission is either just monumentally bad PR, or they're not really that fastidious or consistent about educating the customer. (Not that I doubt drzaiusapelord, but if they were, you think they'd be shouting that from the rooftops rather than leaving it to random commenters on HN to explain.) [1] http://www.engadget.com/2012/02/22/tesla-roadsters-ev-accuse... Aaaand nothing of value was lost. From the article: > This is why table-based layout fell out of favor. No. No. No. No it is not. Table-based layout didn't fall out of favor because table cells didn't include enough semantic layout information. It fell out of favor because tables are for tabular data, not layout , and layouts that used them therefore created negative consequences in all kinds of situations where the UA expected a table to actually be a table , such as when accessed by a vision-impaired person using a screen reader. From this perspective a layout using DIVs is always better than a table-based layout, even if the classes and IDs of the DIVs are named presentationally rather than semantically, because DIVs at least are neutral -- they don't carry the weight of a bunch of semantics that are irrelevant or at cross-purposes to what you're trying to achieve. You are correct that a DIV that's named "left-column" is marginally better than a DIV that's named "span4", if only because of the additional semantic information included in the "left-column" name. But either DIV is far, far better than any table-based layout. No, you weren't unclear, you just completely missed my point. Coding layouts in tables is more than just "coding towards appearance." It is misusing a non-appearance-related element , which is worse . The problems I described don't come from "coding towards appearance," and they aren't encountered with DIVs named presentationally rather than semantically. You only get them with tables, because you're abusing the table element by using it in ways that are completely orthogonal to its purpose. I'm not disagreeing that semantically-named DIVs are better than presentationally-named DIVs. What I'm saying is that presentationally-named DIVs are not equivalent to table-based layouts. Table-based layouts are worse than ANY DIV-based layout, regardless of how the DIVs are named. > Uploading your address book to an app is different than posting it publicly because people trust Path their their data. Are you sure about this? Has every Path user really reviewed Path's data security policies and deemed them satisfactory? Do Path users even have access to that information? And if they did, would most of them be in any position to evaluate it knowledgeably? Or isn't it more likely that they trust Path because they don't know the full scope of what Path has access to? Blind trust is easier to extend to someone the less information you're trusting them with, after all. > People don't seem to care until someone writes a blog post that tells them they should care. But that's the point, isn't it? They shouldn't have to care! People shouldn't have to be security experts to use a phone. The phone should protect them by default and make them have to jump through hoops to waive that protection, rather than the other way around. Because there's no way that your data, once uploaded to the app vendor's servers, can ever leak out. Right? No way they are running their operation on the cheap and don't have their servers secured against intrusion. No way they can be inexperienced developers and build an API that leaks information to improperly authenticated requests. No way they can have a disgruntled employee throw a torrent of it all up when he gets fired. No way they can get bought by someone with fewer scruples and hand your data over to them as part of the acquisition. Indeed. War games are about war in much the same way Whack-A-Mole is about groundskeeping. Didn't stop us from going to war in Korea for three years, or in Vietnam for 15-20... Oh, for the days when this industry was run by grown-ups. Ars Technica runs a guide every few months with their recommended components to build a desktop PC at a few different price/power levels. Here's their most recent one, from last December: http://arstechnica.com/gadgets/guides/2011/12/ars-technica-s... Their advice is generally really good, so even if you don't end up buying the exact components they recommend, it's useful for establishing a baseline of what a good custom PC at a given point in time for a given amount of money looks like. As to compatibility issues, if you mean "compatibility with Linux," those sorts of problems are much less common today than they used to be, at least for desktop PCs. Laptops still require some picky shopping if you're planning to run Linux on them (thanks to things like proprietary drivers for wireless radios, grumble grumble), but compatibility with desktop parts is pretty robust. That's a lesson they're supposed to teach you in medical school: primum non nocere , "first, do no harm." ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Primum_non_nocere ) "Before we hire you, we'd like you to make a copy of your house keys for us. You know, so we can check in occasionally and make sure you're not doing anything that would make The Company look bad..." The only reason they don't care is because not caring hasn't gotten them burned yet. Sometimes people have to learn things the hard way... > There's an old adage from the cold war that "You cannot show weakness to the enemy." Study how the Cuban Missile Crisis was eventually resolved, and you'll see this doctrine at work. Not really. The "not showing weakness to the enemy" stuff was what nearly destroyed the world in the Cuban Missile Crisis. It wasn't until the Soviet leader, Nikita Khrushchev, sent a long and emotional telegram directly to President Kennedy imploring the President to join with him in taking a step back ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Cuban_Missile_Crisis#Secret_neg... ) that a way out of the crisis began to present itself. From Khrushchev's telegram (full text here: http://microsites.jfklibrary.org/cmc/oct26/doc4.html ): Armaments bring only disasters. When one accumulates them, this damages the economy, and if one puts them to use, then they destroy people on both sides. Consequently, only a madman can believe that armaments are the principal means in the life of society. No, they are an enforced loss of human energy, and what is more are for the destruction of man himself. If people do not show wisdom, then in the final analysis they will come to a clash, like blind moles, and then reciprocal extermination will begin... Mr. President, we and you ought not now to pull on the ends of the rope in which you have tied the knot of war, because the more the two of us pull, the tighter that knot will be tied. And a moment may come when that knot will be tied so tight that even he who tied it will not have the strength to untie it, and then it will be necessary to cut that knot, and what that would mean is not for me to explain to you... Consequently, if there is no intention to tighten that knot and thereby to doom the world to the catastrophe of thermonuclear war, then let us not only relax the forces pulling on the ends of the rope, let us take measures to untie that knot. We are ready for this. Kennedy took Khrushchev up on this initiative; what defused the crisis was a secret agreement where the US agreed to remove all its nuclear missiles from Turkey in exchange for the Soviets pulling theirs out of Cuba. But it's not secret from your adversary ("the enemy" that you're not supposed to show weakness to), since you're making the secret offer to him. If anything, the lesson of the crisis is how important it can be to keep from looking weak in front of your friends. Kennedy kept the missile deal secret from the American people for a good reason: he may very well have been impeached had he made it public, and it would have shaken the confidence of our other NATO allies in our overseas commitments if they learned that Kennedy had removed the protection of (obsolete, but still) nuclear weapons from NATO-member Turkey in response to Soviet pressure. And winning even a small concession from Kennedy is probably the only thing that saved Khrushchev from being toppled in a coup by Soviet hard-liners after the Cuba debacle. Sometimes your friends can be the worst enemies of all! Oh, man. I played Borderlands all the way through (once, anyway), and my reaction to all the things Steve praises was exactly the opposite. * I had no idea that there was a special benefit to playing the game through a second or third time. That's because the game doesn't tell you that. So the only people who will ever discover this are the hardest of hard-core OCD types. * Even if it did tell you that, it's ridiculous that it would push the "good stuff" out to the second or third playthrough. Old Man Murray said it best, more than a decade ago ( http://www.oldmanmurray.com/longreviews/63.html ): > Here's a note to developers regarding what we hope will become an industry-wide policy: if your game has some good parts, try to put them at the fucking beginning. It takes us ten hours of dismal labor to earn enough money to buy your game, so please commence the entertainment early on. If possible, pack something fun right into the box, for instance a balloon... > Developers have one goddamn job: entertain us. And we mean now, goddamnit, not in six hours. * The huge number of randomly generated guns may create a token economy, but it also forces the player to spend way too much time trying to figure out whether Gun # 712,924 is better than Gun # 712,925. Sid Meier is supposed to have said that "a game is a series of interesting choices," and the problem with Borderlands' guns is that choosing between them is usually not interesting, because the differences between most weapons you encounter contemporaneously are so tiny. This wouldn't be so bad if you could carry an unlimited number of weapons, but you can't, so you're constantly having to compare weapons to decide which ones to discard and which to keep; which means you're constantly being forced to make uninteresting choices. It's the opposite of fun. And on and on. Don't get me wrong, I liked Borderlands ; as a shooter it was OK, and its unique aesthetic was fun. But all the things that Steve is raving about here are things that I experienced as reasons not to like it. But is it really a huge group, though? Diablo is a franchise from a different age, when gaming was only for people who were willing to step up to a certain hardcore threshold. That requirement automatically limited the size of the audience. The explosion of more-casual gaming over the last decade has created franchises whose sales make Diablo 's look anemic. If this list ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/List_of_best-selling_PC_video_g... ) is accurate, for instance, Diablo and Diablo 2 sold about 6.5 million copies together, which ain't hay; but The Sims , Sims 2 and Sims 3 together sold 39 million copies , making it a completely different magnitude of hit. (Not even counting all the expansions, either.) And how many hundreds of millions of copies of Angry Birds have been sold? It's entirely possible to look at a mountain of data and take away incorrect or misleading conclusions from it. The existence of data is not in and of itself a guarantee that the human beings who look at it will interpret it correctly. If your interface needs a cheat sheet or tip mechanism or animated assistant to explain to the user how it works, it is a failure. > I can't think of anything more ephemeral and useless than blog comments--does it really matter whether those are backed up for the ages? You might be surprised. Archaeologists are forced to derive much of what they know about vanished cultures from bits of ephemera from their daily lives -- things you'd find in a midden heap, like shards of discarded pottery, spat-out plant seeds and gnawed animal bones, and the like. Why? Because those are the things that survived. Would our understanding of those cultures be richer if we could hear their songs and read their poetry? Undoubtedly. But we can learn an awful lot about them from their ephemera, even without that. Hey everybody! Guess what! John Gruber loves a new Apple product! (Now let's all take a moment to recover from the shock of hearing this.) And that everybody earns every penny that they really should. Nobody's ever born the wrong color or gender or nationality, or ever has bad luck that prevents them from fulfilling their potential. > I write this post because I've noticed a sort of "JUST USE BCRYPT" cargo cult... This is absolutely the wrong attitude to have about cryptography. No. This is incorrect. This is exactly the right attitude for most developers to have about cryptography, because on a subject as complex as cryptography most developers (including me!) are nowhere near smart enough to understand the ins and outs. Encouraging people to make their own decisions on subjects they aren't equipped to understand fully is dangerous advice. It leads to all sorts of bad outcomes. People who have to choose between options they don't really understand end up choosing things at random, or on the basis of incomplete or misleading information, or getting seized up by the need to make a choice and choosing nothing at all. This makes cryptography one of the very few cases where a cargo-cult approach is better than the alternatives. A simple message that "this is the approach people smarter than you agree is correct, use it," repeated consistently, will help more people more completely than dumping them into the deep end of the crypto pool ever will. By all means, use different wording when passing this message along if you're worried about hurting the recipient's fee-fees. But you won't be doing them any favors if you change the message to a Stuart Smalley-style "You can do it! You're good enough! You're smart enough! And gosh darn it, people like you!" Because on this specific subject , the odds are very, very, very unlikely that they actually are. But just the existence of multiple cargo cults causes damage, because it leads people to assume that "the experts are divided." Which will lead some people to go with the wrong batch of experts, and others to just throw up their hands in confusion and store their passwords in plain text because it's too hard for them to figure out which group of experts is right. This is a case where unanimity in the message is important. If all the experts say "use A," people will take that to mean there's no debate about the merits of A over B and C, and use A. If some say "use A" while others say "use B" or "use C", some fraction of listeners will give up and use nothing at all. Yes, that's right. It doesn't mean that you are hopelessly non-cognitive if you can't understand the complexities of cryptography. (As I said, I certainly can't.) It just means that unless you are one of the very few people who are 1) exceptionally mathematically talented and 2) able to have spent your entire life studying the subject, it's unlikely that you could make an informed choice. Why Vim? 1. Because it's installed everywhere. 2. There is no 2. Because calling a woman "bitchy" is always a convincing rebuttal to a charge of sexism... 1) Extremely long battery life -- the newer Neo model can be used for months on a pair of AA batteries (see http://www.williamlanday.com/2009/05/29/things-i-love-the-al... ) 2) Can run on commodity batteries -- AAs are cheap, user replaceable, and supplies are easily available worldwide 3) More rugged -- can be dropped without fear, no need for aftermarket cases/screen protectors 4) Keyboard included -- no need for aftermarket add-on, unlike most tablets 5) Cheap -- you can buy one for an order of magnitude less than the cost of a tablet, or even more less than the cost of a notebook Which isn't to say devices like these are better for everyone than a tablet or a laptop would be, just that those devices don't automatically make these irrelevant for their niche. And the TRS-80 Model 100 ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/TRS-80_Model_100 ), which arguably pioneered the concept. Or they've decided that Flash has already lost to HTML5, so they're looking to squeeze as much money as they can out of Flash's remaining developers on the way down. Seriously! I remember buying my first box of ten 3.5" floppies, which stored 1.44MB of data EACH, after years of using the older 360KB 5.25" disks, and marveling how much storage I was carrying in that little box... Kids today, with their USB sticks and DVD drives and Internets. Grumble grumble. Get off my lawn! NEW world of proprietary software? Proprietary software has been around for a long time, young Padawan. And for all that time, using it has meant knowing that the platform owner could step in at any time and ream^H^H^H^H"monetize" you. They've already done it. Windows Vista and 7 provide an API for text rendering called DirectWrite ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/DirectWrite ) that gives much cleaner results. XP and prior use an older API called GDI ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Graphics_Device_Interface ), which hasn't kept up with advances in modern displays. The reason why this switch hasn't resulted in a simple "boom, instantly beautiful" improvement is a chicken-and-egg problem. The choice of which rendering API to use is made by application developers; they naturally want to target the one that's most widely adopted. But Vista/7 haven't driven XP out of the marketplace yet. So cautious browser developers stick with GDI. You can see the result in the examples you cited. IE9 is a special case because it's only available for Vista and 7 anyway, so Microsoft was free to move it to DirectWrite. Firefox defaults to GDI, but as of FF4 has optional DirectWrite support (how to turn it on: http://forums.mozillazine.org/viewtopic.php?t=1775755 ). Chrome is GDI-only. Saying Apple "steals from" Braun is too strong. (Xerox has a much stronger claim to having been ripped off by Steve Jobs than Braun does.) But it's undeniable that the Jobs/Ive design aesthetic was strongly influenced by the work of Dieter Rams. That's not unusual, though; anyone who works in a creative field (including programming) will know the work of another can inspire you to new directions in your own work. I dunno if the magic is the real problem. I think the real problem with full-stack frameworks is that they require you to drink their entire pitcher of Kool-Aid in order to get up and running. There's no easy "Hello World" to give new users confidence. Take Django for instance (because I have more experience with it than I have with Rails). Just to get through the introductory tutorial ( https://docs.djangoproject.com/en/dev/intro/tutorial01/ ) you have to wrap your brain around projects, apps, views, models, and Django's command-line tools. Contrast that to getting started in PHP without a framework; you can introduce someone who only knows HTML to PHP extremely gently, by taking an existing HTML document (which they understand) and sprinkling in some PHP to do simple stuff. They won't be a programming god with that knowledge, of course, but that's not important; what's important is that they took the first step and succeeded, which gives them the confidence to take the second. With a full-stack framework, getting that first step right involves a lot of mental work, which increases the chances that people will screw it up or abandon it in frustration. Frameworks frequently compound this problem by inventing their own terminology for features, or taking words people already use and redefining them, so you can't easily map things you already know from other systems to things inside the framework. Just in the Django intro, for instance, we have to learn the difference between projects and apps , both of which are commonly used terms that Django has overloaded with Django-specific meanings. All of this means that taking the first step in going from "has never used Django" to "Django newbie" involves a lot of learning, and that guarantees that some people are going to just walk away and others are going to try to follow along but get lost in the complexity. On the positive side, when that implementation of Perl 6 does arrive, it will be delivered to you by flying car free of charge. > I am sorry, but a guy who stands in a production line building cars should not be making $125k per year You should be pleased to learn then that they don't: * http://www.nytimes.com/2008/12/10/business/economy/10leonhar... * http://www.factcheck.org/2008/12/auto-worker-salaries/ But Notch wasn't "Internet famous" until after Minecraft launched. Minecraft made him Internet famous. In other words, Notch is Internet famous because Minecraft was a hit, Minecraft wasn't a hit because Notch was Internet famous. Don't worry about how un-famous you are. Put that energy into building something that makes you famous. Or even better: "WE will never..." That way it doesn't sound like you're trying to weasel-word a (meaningless to the user) distinction between your company and your product. "Was Katz right?" is not the most important part. It's arguably not even relevant. If someone is presenting, and they say something that's incorrect, there are better ways to deal with it than pushing them off the platform and announcing that the Real Genius has arrived. I can think of two right off the top of my head: 1) Wait until they've finished, then pose your correction in the form of a question to them and allow them to answer. This lets them save face (since you're not outright correcting them, you're just asking for clarification), gives them the chance to correct themselves in case they just misspoke or were misunderstood, and avoids the risk of your correction of the one incorrect point overwhelming the other, presumably correct, points the speaker made. 2) When the session is over, approach the organizer of the user group and offer to make your own presentation on the subject, in which you'll give the correct information, at the next meeting. If you're concerned that people will miss the point, add a subtitle like "A Response to Presenter X" to the name of the presentation. > If the original presenter could effectively support his position then he would not have left the stage. In the world of actual human beings, this is not true. People are quite easily driven to the margins by bullies who are louder and more strident than they are, even if their argument is 100% correct. Lawyers even have a saying for it: "If the law is against you, bang on the facts. If the facts are against you, bang on the law. If both are against you, bang on the table." > Isn't "post-factum civil litigation" an even better mechanism for enforcement? Only if you prefer getting ripped off and then having to pay lawyers for ten or fifteen years to get back a tiny part of your losses to not getting ripped off in the first place. I'd recommend changing the hero text on your main site's home page to something like "Hall is collaboration for your company and team, all in one place" from the current "Working Together in War Rooms Doubles Teams' Productivity", then. "War rooms" as a concept already exist outside the context of your app; when I first saw the site, I didn't understand how the statement connected to your app. I thought it was just a generic statement about war rooms, which was confusing. > If there is a "war" on RSS... Where is the manifesto? Here: http://techcrunch.com/2009/05/05/rest-in-peace-rss/ I don't get the negativity on using your distro's packages, at least from the staying-stable perspective. Any decent package manager should let you pin/hold critical packages on a particular version, so if "the next Ubuntu ships with a different SQLAlchemy by default" you just hold the SQLAlchemy package at the version you want and then ignore it until you're ready to make that move. 99% percent of the time when I hear people complaining about their distro's packages, the complaints are coming from the opposite direction -- they want to run something bleeding-edge and the distro doesn't have it yet. (This is the standard beef Rubyists have with Debian, for instance -- that code that just hit Github ten minutes ago isn't in Debian's repos yet.) Perhaps, but that's a completely different argument than the one TFA is making. Besides, in the Ubuntu case anyway, LTS is supposed to be old. The whole point of LTS releases is to let slow-moving institutions/enterprises sit on ancient packages for 3-5 years without having to worry about backporting security updates. If you want recent versions of packages LTS is precisely the wrong place for you to be. Kickstarter doesn't vet projects at all: http://www.kickstarter.com/help/faq/backing%20a%20project#Wh... They also don't do any checking to validate that the person behind a project is who they claim to be: http://www.kickstarter.com/help/faq/backing%20a%20project#Ho... Their entire fraud prevention program can be summed up in two words: caveat emptor. > I turned out to be everything the company wished they never hired. I had extensive knowledge of economics, currencies, financial markets, and investment strategies. I had interned at a former hedge fund manager’s website and learned to write about financial markets. I had my own financial website, and I tweeted with financial TV personalities on a regular basis. Worst of all, I had a YouTube channel chock full of rap videos I made about my favorite stocks... Then what the hell are you doing working at a call center? Call center workers have one job: to read from the script. That's it. People who want to be creative do badly in those jobs, because they are not creative jobs. If you take a job on the grill line at McDonald's, they will not care if you can make the most juicy, succulent cheeseburgers on your backyard grill. They will not be interested in hearing how you do it. If you start trying to do it at work, they will fire you, no matter how good your cheeseburger tastes. Because the goal at McDonald's is consistency. They hire you to make a burger to the McDonald's standard . Not to make the best burger you can. And that's perfectly reasonable! There's no way to build a business on the scale of McDonald's while depending on the genius of artisanal burger chefs. It only works if you standardize. The only way to turn out burgers on an industrial scale, in other words, is with an industrial process. And the same is true of turning out information via telephone. You could never find enough people to do it if each one needed to be a financial expert. The only way to do it is to use less expert people and give them a script to read from. If that's not an environment where you thrive, I can understand. But the problem isn't with the environment; it works for what it needs to do (answer huge volumes of mostly basic and/or stupid questions). The problem is with you for putting yourself there. If you want to be an artisanal burger chef, McDonald's is not where you should be looking for work. If we want to really get pedantic, Mosaic was a "first" -- the first WWW browser to support embedding inline images in Web pages. Previous browsers were text-only; you could post images, but they could only be linked to, not displayed directly inside a page. That made the WWW too similar to Gopher ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Gopher_%28protocol%29 ) to really break out in popularity. Mosaic's support for inline graphics is what caused the Web's first real wave of general interest outside academia. More here: http://www.wired.com/thisdayintech/2010/04/0422mosaic-web-br... Not really; that would include any WWW browser with a GUI interface (like the original WorldWideWeb on NeXTSTEP). > I think mainly so that no-one can accidentally get bigger than them and take them out. You're underestimating the "made man" effect. Once you have a really enormous hit, you become a Made Man; someone will always be willing to throw some money at you for future worthless businesses you found, because the people with the money know you and want to stay on your good side on the off chance lightning strikes a second time later on. So they're willing to throw some money away to keep you happy. (And not just you -- it lets them do a solid for the people who invested in your company, too, by letting them walk away without taking a loss. Why do that? Because the investors are usually also Made Men.) It's not just Andreessen who illustrates this. Look at Google's recent acquisition of Milk: http://money.cnn.com/2012/03/20/technology/startups/Google-D... Milk only ever shipped one product, Oink, which was a total flop. But Google spent a reported $15-30 million dollars to acquire them. Why? Because Milk was founded by Kevin Rose, and Rose's hit with Digg made him a Made Man; and it had gotten ~$1.5 million in angel funding from a veritable Who's Who of other Made Men (see http://techcrunch.com/2011/04/26/milk-completes-1-5-million-... ). If you had the same company, with the same team and track record, and subtracted Kevin Rose and the plugged-in investors from it -- the same company, just staffed in some podunk Midwestern town and funded by no-name investors -- I doubt Google would have spent a plugged nickel to buy it. But Milk was very plugged in, so Google bailed them out. In other words, it's classic logrolling (see http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Logrolling ). You bail me out when my venture tanks, and I'll bail you out when yours does. It's a pretty sweet deal. But it's a deal that's only available to Made Men. Yeah -- before the enterprise types got a hold of it, SOAP was actually fairly pleasant to work with. Sigh. Oh well. You can kind of get a flavor of what pre-enterprise-jackassery SOAP was like to work with by looking at Dave Winer's XML-RPC (spec: http://xmlrpc.scripting.com/spec.html ), which was one of the precursors of SOAP. > anti air missiles being installed in random flats The reference to a "High Velocity Missile system" implies that the weapon in question is the Starstreak HVM system ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Starstreak_%28missile%29 ). Starstreak is a man-portable weapon, so nothing would need to be "installed" anywhere; it'd be a couple of guys standing on the roof with a Starstreak tube. > triggering those missiles As far as I can tell, the only way to "trigger" a Starstreak launch is by physically pressing a button on the launcher, so the risk of remotely triggered launch is pretty low. And even if a terrorist or group of terrorists managed to somehow neutralize the Starstreak operators, seize control of the weapon and launch it, the missile itself is so small it wouldn't really matter; the backblast from the launch is negligible (it has to be, for the missile to be safe to launch from the operator's shoulder), and the warhead is just three darts with around 16 ounces of explosive in each. The terrorists would do more damage if they stole bowling balls and dropped them on people from the roof. > uselessly expensive Presumably the Starstreak missiles in question have already been bought by the British army, so the only expense would be the cost of having the guys stand around on the roof all day. And since those guys are soldiers the British government is going to be paying them that day regardless of where they happen to be standing. Yeah, but (1) presumably the airspace over London is going to be pretty thoroughly controlled during the Olympics, reducing the risk; and (2) if terrorists want to shoot down an airliner with a man-portable air defense system (MANPADS) like Starstreak, there's easier ways for them to get their hands on one than by infiltrating one of the most heavily secured areas in the world and wresting one out of the hands of professional soldiers -- MANPADS have proliferated widely, and can be acquired on the black arms market for a few thousand bucks (see http://www.fas.org/programs/ssp/asmp/MANPADS.html ). Because "nerd web developer" and "attractive woman" are always mutually exclusive. If you're interested in this story, there's an excellent book on the subject titled Hatless Jack: the President, the Fedora, and the Death of the Hat ( http://www.amazon.com/Hatless-Jack-Neil-Steinberg/dp/1862077... ) that investigates the death of the hat as a mandatory fashion accessory for American men in much more detail. Highly recommended. Right under the big bold "Unicode" header. The very next line is > Unicode sucks. This is a universal truth. (In fairness, I think what he's really getting at is that dealing with Unicode in languages that were created before it became ubiquitous sucks, not Unicode itself. But if you start off your discussion of Unicode with the statement that "Unicode sucks", you shouldn't be surprised if people think your beef is with Unicode rather than with the tools we use to deal with it.) > The US was an ally of South Vietnam at their government's invitation Oh come on. South Vietnam was an American client state from the word go. American advisors helped run Ngo Dinh Diem's campaign in the 1955 referendum that set up the South Vietnamese government. When Diem didn't turn out to be the man the U.S. government had hoped he would, American money helped finance the 1963 coup that killed him. > and never did actually invade North Vietnam No, we just bombed the holy hell out of them: see Operation Rolling Thunder ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Operation_Rolling_Thunder ) and Operation Linebacker II ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Operation_Linebacker_II ) for examples. Light gray text on dark gray background! Great choice. > Using a third party tool is like gambling: you might win or loose "Loose"? AAAAAGH Yes, we should definitely encourage people to present their writing with unreadable formatting and notorious grammatical errors. It was, but not for "several years." Linus started using BitKeeper on the kernel in 2002 (source: http://lwn.net/Articles/130746/ ). The first release of Darcs was in March 2003 (source: http://darcs.net/NEWS ). Not to mention NeXT, which also had its share of "crazy Steve" management, and which would have been an unmitigated failure if Apple hadn't bought them out. If you're interested in that story, Randall Stross' book Steve Jobs and the NeXT Big Thing ( http://www.amazon.com/Steve-Jobs-Next-Big-Thing/dp/068912135... ) is a good telling of it. (It was written before Jobs' return to Apple and subsequent huge success, so it's a fascinating artifact of the time before he became Saint Steve.) The problem is that bad managers regard those things as features, not bugs. I grew up on military bases around military people, and in that environment I learned one bit of wisdom that has helped me many times when managing people: If you're in charge, and your people screw up, it's not their fault. It's yours. Yes, they made a mistake. But why did they make it? Did you not train them sufficiently? Did you not give them the mentoring they need? Did you fail to get important tools or information to them? Did you put them in a position of greater responsibility than they're currently equipped to handle, or where their skills don't match the needs of the position? At first when you try to wrap your mind around this line of thinking, it can be difficult. Why should I be held responsible when Jack the Junior Coder is the one who actually screwed up? But eventually, if you stick with it, you learn something important: on a real team, who screwed up is irrelevant. If one person fails, the whole team fails. And your job as a leader is to help your people get to a place where they fail less and less every day , not to pin blame. This is the difference between a manager and a leader: a leader is someone who accepts responsibility not just for his own actions, but for his team's as well. I have had a blog post rattling around in my head forever introducing Boyd's leadership principles to non-military folks. Should probably get around to actually writing it one of these days... > He/she is a couple weeks old to the place and how can the leader be responsible for a screw up of a person who has only been there for a few days? If they're unready, why did you put them in a position that required someone who would hit the ground ready? The best overall study of Boyd and Boydism is Robert Coram's book Boyd: The Fighter Pilot Who Changed The Art Of War : http://www.amazon.com/Boyd-The-Fighter-Pilot-Changed/dp/0316... The best general-audiences intro to Boyd-as-philosophy is probably Chet Richards' book Certain to Win : http://www.amazon.com/Certain-Win-Strategy-Applied-Business/... Wikipedia has some brief descriptions of Boyd's work and thinking in his page on him: http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/John_Boyd_%28military_strategis... Fast Company magazine did a decent article on Boyd-for-business back in 2002: http://www.fastcompany.com/magazine/59/pilot.html Many of Boyd's original writings have been preserved and made available for download here: http://dnipogo.org/john-r-boyd/ (Warning, though, these were not written for a general audience and can be quite dense.) > You only love the style because he has enough on his side to back it up. Anyone else that acted like Linus does on a regular basis would be considered childish and arrogant. Probably true, but when you've changed the technology world twice before age 40 people tend to cut you some additional slack. What you do now is get a lawyer. Do not say one more word on the subject. Not in writing, not in public, not even to your friends over beers, until you get a lawyer. Think of it like the Miranda rule -- now that a legal dispute has arisen, anything you say can and will be used by them against you. What you shouldn't do now is panic. They've sent you a letter demanding a large sum of money? Big deal, anyone can send a letter. It's not unusual for people to try to bully others by having their lawyer draft a letter full of scary-sounding language that, when parsed by a lawyer, actually says nothing. These people hope you will read the letter, panic, and do something stupid like trying to settle with them before talking to a lawyer. Don't give them what they want. Get a lawyer. Yes. There's nothing that says you can't settle something amicably while still getting legal counsel. They've roped in their lawyer, now you rope in yours. When you've found a lawyer, he/she will advise you on what to say and not say from that point forward. In the meantime, the safest course is to say nothing (or at least the absolute minimum you can) from now until then. If you've already sent an email you can't take it back, obviously, so when you get a lawyer be sure to give him/her a copy of the email (and any response you receive) so they can advise you on how it affects your position. Good luck! Generally speaking, when a company bets its continued existence on one strategy, and then a few months later starts backpedaling from that commitment, that is not a good sign for its continued existence. Those data read like they're limited to VC firms big enough to join the NVCA, which requires funds to have at least one full-time employee to qualify for membership (see http://nvca.org/index.php?option=com_content&view=articl... ). So angel investment wouldn't be included, and (anecdotally, I know) it feels like angel investment is where a lot of the big recent money has come from. > A big cause of waning public enthusiasm in space is, I believe, that it all still looks like the 60s So the solution is to build a ship based on a design from 1965? If you want to capture the imagination, you don't need a ship that looks snazzy. You need a ship that can safely and reliably take people to Earth orbit and back at a price normal people can afford. As long as space travel is the province of billionaires and test pilots only, nobody will care about it. What you need is a space DC-3. What captures peoples' imaginations isn't the vehicle. It is the journey. Or, more importantly, the destination. The vehicle is just the can they sit in to get there. People (the vast majority, anyway) don't travel because they like to travel. They travel because they want to get somewhere. What excites their imagination is the thought of being at that place , not how they got there. Part of the reason people aren't excited about space travel today is because there's nowhere to go. There's no orbiting low-gravity resort to vacation on, no Mars colony where Cousin Phil lives with his family to go to for Thanksgiving. And a big part of why those things don't exist is because getting people into space is a damn expensive and risky business, even today. If the only way to get to Disneyworld was to spend $20,000,000 and ride a thirty-year-old Russian relic, Disneyworld wouldn't exist either. A cheap, safe and ugly ship would do a lot more to solve that problem than an expensive and beautiful one would. Or just the landspeeders! Imagine the savings on highway maintenance if we all drove cars without wheels... Pud eventually rolled the best of fuckedcompany.com into a book: http://www.amazon.com/Fd-Companies-Spectacular-Dot-Com-Flame... (Yes, it's on Kindle) Including the photographer's name is the really smart bit. Before, if you used the watermarked image, you were screwing "Getty Images" (a big corporation, i.e. who cares) out of some money. Now, if you use the watermarked image, you're screwing an individual person whose name is right there in front of you out of some money. I don't know about that. The Germans had the same head start on Russia that they had on the US, but when the Russians came into the fighting in 1941 they were already fielding the T-34 tank ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/T-34 ), which outclassed any German panzer in a one-to-one engagement and may have been the finest tank in the world. The best US industry could turn out in 1941 was the abysmal M3 Lee ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/M3_Lee ), which would go on to get absolutely chewed to pieces by the Germans in the North African campaign. Even the next American attempt, the iconic M4 Sherman, which was the US' standard medium tank by 1944, was unimpressive compared to contemporary Russian and German designs. The big lesson of WW2, though, was that in modern all-out warfare the quality of individual tanks didn't really matter. What mattered was the quantity those tanks could be turned out in. The Germans, stung by the unexpected quality of Russian tanks, had turned their efforts toward building absolute monsters like the Tiger ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Tiger_I ) and Panther ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Panther_tank ). Those tanks individually outclassed any Allied tank of the era, even the Russians'. But they were so complicated to build that the Germans could only turn out a few thousand of them, which was peanuts compared to the swarms of T-34s and Shermans the Allies were cranking out. The tactical doctrine in 1944 was that it would take five Shermans, acting together, to knock out a single Tiger; but US industry turned out 12,000+ Shermans that year, while German industry would only turn out around 1,000 Tigers, so five-to-one numerical superiority wasn't hard to put together. No matter how fearsome the German tanks became, they eventually got stung to death by swarms of less impressive enemies. The German generals, who presumably would have been in a position to know, disagreed with you. Take Heinz Guderian ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Heinz_Guderian ), for instance; he was deeply impressed with the quality of the T-34 as a fighting vehicle. Example ( http://books.google.com/books?id=feIBwIK6DA0C&lpg=PA10&#... ): General Heinz Guderian's 2nd Panzer Army spearhead was ambushed near Mtensk on October 6, 1941, by a brigade of T-34s. In a brief action, T-34s under Colonel Mikhael Katukov destroyed ten Pz III and Pz IV tanks for the loss of only about five of their own. Guderian, creator of the German panzer force, was shocked. The German panzers, with their short 50mm and 75mm guns, could only penetrate the thick armor of the T-34 from point-blank range of 100m or less, but the T-34 could destroy the poorly armored Pz III and Pz IV from up to 1,000m. The T-34's mobility over muddy terrain and poor roads astonished the German tankers. Furthermore, the use of sloped armor on the T-34 and KV-1 tanks indicated that German tank design had fallen woefully behind. Guderian came away from the battles of 1941 believing that Germany should just drop its own tank designs and straight-up copy the T-34. They didn't, of course; the Panther and Tiger were supposed to be T-34 killers, but they were too difficult to produce and maintain in the field to ever really live up to that role. True, but the Russians had their own production problems too, namely the loss of nearly the entire industrialized area of their country to the enemy in 1941. The great virtue of the T-34 was that it was so simple to manufacture that it could be built in numbers in the ad-hoc, open-air factories the Russians set up east of the Ural Mountains, and maintained even in facilities directly under enemy attack, like the famous Tractor Factory in Stalingrad ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Volgograd_Tractor_Factory ). True on the Western Front, where US air superiority was indeed total; less so on the Eastern Front, where the Soviet air force was essentially wiped out in 1941 and took years to rebuild, so the great tank battles, like Kursk ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Battle_of_Kursk ), took place in a contested air environment. You're correct, I did not mean to slight the contribution of the RAF and other Allied air forces. (Though I think my other comments should illustrate that I am far from a "national triumphalist.") Hi, author of the post here. What mojo..? This may have been before your time, but believe it or not, at one point (late '80s through the '90s) Microsoft was feared . A standard question VCs would ask new software startups was "what is your Redmond Strategy?" -- meaning "what will you do if/when Microsoft decides your market segment is interesting and decides to take it for themselves?" because a MS monopoly is really really good. I don't want a Microsoft monopoly to come back -- one of the most liberating things about the Internet as a platform is how it let you skip the need for a Redmond Strategy -- but it would be good for everyone who buys/uses tech to have Microsoft as a healthy competitor on a level playing field. More choices equals more competition equals more innovation. Because they want people to use their software? Of course, if you don't care whether or not anyone uses your software, telling people with questions and requests to jump off a cliff is entirely reasonable. It sounds like the problem is that at the beginning it wasn't supposed to be "a very simple application." It started out complex and then got simple over time. Which screws up user expectations -- the people who were attracted to it when it was complicated aren't going to be people put off by complexity. So they may have felt misled a bit when the complex product they chose started becoming something else. In other words, when he decided after launching FeedDemon that what it should have been was a simpler product, Bradbury might have been better off if he'd left the "FeedDemon" name on the original, complex product and then rolled out the simpler version under a different name. That way people who picked up "FeedDemon" wouldn't feel like they were getting pushed into using "SimpleDemon" (or whatever the streamlined version ended up getting called) instead. People underestimate the power of names in setting user expectations. (An objection to this might be the increased difficulty of maintaining two product lines, but there's a simple answer to that -- just stop updating FeedDemon. Eventually the power users who appreciate the simplicity will get the message and switch over to SimpleDemon, and those who ABSOLUTELY MUST HAVE radio button #7,131 on the preferences screen can sit on their complicated, orphaned version for life.) The problem is that every user thinks they are a "power user." So if you put a bunch of options behind a screen that says "power users only," the effect is kind of like building a treehouse and then tacking on a sign that says "NO GIRLS ALLOWED" -- the girls will climb the tree just to see what it is you're hiding from them up there. The difference is that music and movies can be translated into digital format, which makes copying effectively free. 3D printing is physical, not digital. Every copy you make will require raw materials and will cause wear and tear on the printer. That creates costs. Those costs will probably come down over time, of course, but nowhere near as fast as the cost of digital duplication has. The price of plastic doesn't obey Moore's Law. That's why it's important to set up the Kickstarter now, so you can rake in your share of the bonanza before the world wises up :-D Re "poorly designed", in fairness, its original designer (Brendan Eich) had to put the whole language together by himself in ten days under a mandate from his overlords at Netscape corporate that he make it look kind of like Java while not looking too much like Java (see http://www.computer.org/csdl/mags/co/2012/02/mco2012020007.h... , http://www.jwz.org/blog/2010/10/every-day-i-learn-something-... ). Given those circumstances, the amazing thing is that JavaScript has held up as well as it has. Part of this is just a reflection of the changing economy. Shop classes were funded when there was a demand in our economy for people who made things. Now that we've outsourced the making of things to China, there's no perceived need for learning how things are made anymore; they just get made , somewhere out of sight, and when they break we throw them away and buy new ones. This is a strangely infantile way for a society to live. Part of the mystique grown-ups had to me when I was a kid was that grown-ups were the ones who knew how things worked -- I knew how to break my toys, but only grown-ups knew how to fix them. Growing up was the process of being initiated into these mysteries. That's less true today; now feels more like an age of adults striving to get back to the (blissful?) ignorance of childhood. Of course, this feeling could just be an artifact of my being an adult now :-D In fairness, this is an article from Slate , aka "News For Nervous Upper-Class White People". So it shouldn't shock you that they might not stop to consider how offensive "have the kids build robots!" might be to an educator in a school system that can't even afford to maintain reasonable class sizes, much less a robotics lab. Freudian slip. I'm not sure you realize just how strapped for cash most school districts are. The average K-12 teacher in the US spends around $350 out of their own pocket each year just to buy supplies like books, pencils and glue that schools and parents can't or won't pay for. Only 8% of teachers can get through a year without spending any of their own money on supplies. ( http://thejournal.com/articles/2010/07/08/teachers-spend-1.3... , http://blog.cleveland.com/metro/2010/08/most_teachers_spend_... ) If school districts can't afford to buy pencils , it's unlikely they can afford to buy robots, no matter how cheap the robots are. The Census Bureau has made their data available for download for a looong time, both over the Web (including a bunch of different interfaces for slicing out just the data you want -- see http://www.census.gov/main/www/access.html ) and FTP ( http://www2.census.gov/ ) All the stuff that's available via the Web service is already available via download, along with a lot more. They don't provide it in SQLite format AFAIK, but they do offer a range of other formats that should be easy to get into SQLite if you wish. If there's any problem with their downloadable data offerings, it's that they have so many of them that it can be difficult to figure out exactly which one has the data you're looking for. In the modern era, at least, it's not strictly true that journalists were busy transcribing speeches; it's standard practice for a person giving a speech (especially in politics) to give copies of the speech text to the press, usually before the speech itself. Typically it's provided under an embargo ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Embargo_%28journalism%29 ), so the reporters can't actually report on it until the speech is over, but the extra lead time lets them start working on their stories early. That's how you can see talking heads on CNN saying "we're told the President will talk a lot about taxes tonight," say, in the run-up to the State of the Union address -- they've gotten a copy of the speech from the White House, under an embargo. So they can't print the text of the speech right then, but they can allude generally to its contents. Hi, author of the post here. You're right, that's just a dumb mistake I should have caught in proofreading. I've edited to make it consistent. Thanks! > Ubuntu and the Linux world in general has had app-stores long before Apple came to the party You're kidding, right? The difference is that software in Linux distro repositories (which is what I assume you're referencing) is both free as in beer and open source . Which kind of makes it the opposite of what most people think of when they say "app store." (Pre-emptive nitpick: it's true that Canonical has recently started offering commercial software via the Ubuntu Software center, but that came many years after Apple's App Store launched.) This is the part that made me cringe: The [DRM key] arrives as an email zip attachment that then needs to be unzipped, saved onto a memory stick and uploaded onto the server. Seriously? That's how we're delivering time-sensitive digital information? In 2012 ? Ugh, it makes my head spin. Is there some reason that the projector can't be connected to the network directly, so the vendor can push the key straight to it without all the sneakernet nonsense? It's bad, but not quite as bad as that. The UEFI spec doesn't explicitly disallow making Secure Boot a toggle-able option, so some OEMs (like Dell: http://www.osnews.com/story/25293/Dell_HP_Respond_to_Secure_... ) are planning to ship with it on but let you turn it off in the BIOS options if you want to. So someone technically knowledgeable could switch it off in your laptops before you hand them out to students. Still two big "ifs" there, though: 1) You can turn it off if the OEM gives you the option to, and OEMs are under no obligation to do so; and 2) All of the above is only true for x86 machines; for ARM-based systems, Microsoft is requiring that no option be provided for the user to disable Secure Boot (see http://blogs.computerworlduk.com/open-enterprise/2012/01/is-... ). So the upshot is that if your hardware comes from a cooperative OEM, and if it runs on x86, the impact on you will be minimal -- just flipping a switch. But ARM systems and systems from uncooperative OEMs will be locked, so you won't be able to assume that any laptop that comes in over the transom will be useful to you anymore. (ARM laptops are uncommon today, but after Windows RT launches they may become more common.) EDIT: Looks like since the last time I looked at this issue MS made it mandatory for OEMs to allow users to be able to turn off Secure Boot on x86, see comments below. So having to worry about which OEMs allow it and which don't isn't an issue. ARM systems still can't let users disable it, though. Well that's a relief! My recollection was based on the last burst of news coverage on the issue late last year; it sounds like Linux vendors like Red Hat worked with Microsoft on the issue between now and then (Red Hat this month: "the Linux Foundation, hardware partners, and Microsoft to collaboratively develop a UEFI secure boot mechanism that allows user/customer choice and ease of use" -- http://www.redhat.com/about/news/archive/2012/6/uefi-secure-... ), so it may be that the ambiguity was present in older MS certification specs but got cleared up later on... Actually I don't think WaPo really has anything to do with this piece. It's credited to VentureBeat.com rather than a Post reporter. It looks like they're just syndicating an article that originally ran here: http://venturebeat.com/2012/06/22/microsoft-betrays-the-trus... VentureBeat's headline for the piece is "Microsoft betrays the trust of customers and partners in the name of progress". So the more pointed headline that the article was submitted under is the original one, written by VentureBeat; the Post then changed the title to the softer "Why Microsoft is for once the cool kid in the technology world" before running the syndicated article. The Post's CMS must have kept the original headline to use in the TITLE element, permalink, etc. The way I've heard that principle phrased is "praise in public, criticize in private." It's good advice, because criticizing people in public (i.e. in front of their peers) always backfires -- it just makes the criticized person defensive, so they stop being open to learning from their mistake. If you're a real newbie, terms like "virtualenv" and "Pip" are much harder to wrap your brain around than "unzip this ZIP file into your web root", which is the way you set up, say, CodeIgniter. People lined up at stores at midnight to buy Windows 95 when it came out. Seriously! They did! http://www.businessinsider.com/15-years-ago-today-windows-95... I think the takeaway from this should be slightly different than the one the author found: don't fight users' expectations of what your product is. When Chrome came out, it was a new product; users had no expectations of "what Chrome is." So Google could do with it essentially whatever they wanted. Firefox was in a completely different position. When Mozilla moved Firefox to rapid release, the product branded "Firefox" had been in users' hands for seven years -- nine if you count pre-1.0 versions. Over that time, users' expectations of what a product branded "Firefox" was settled into a particular place. Rapid release was painful because it broke those expectations. Suddenly Firefox didn't behave like people expected a product labeled "Firefox" to behave anymore. It's like opening a bottle labeled "Coke" and having orange juice pour out. "But orange juice is better for you!" Yeah, but that's still not what I expect to get when I open a Coke bottle. There's a simple way Mozilla could have avoided this: just call the rapid-release product something else. Create a new brand, and put it on a version of the browser that receives updates every six weeks. Call it Fastfox or Frequentfox or really anything other than Firefox. Then encourage users to start moving from Firefox to the new hotness. Make the new product compatible with Firefox extensions, but don't do the version-number compatibility check that Firefox does, so users aren't constantly being prompted to update working addons. (Yes, both products are the same code under the hood. That doesn't matter. The important thing is that you communicate to users that this is a thing that is something other than Firefox, which resets their expectations.) Eventually you'd have most users on the new product, since that's where the cool new features that get users excited would be showing up. Curmudgeons and enterprises would stay with boring old Firefox, but that's OK, because you make "Firefox" just a periodic snapshot of Frequentfox development. "Firefox" becomes a legacy brand, maintained for those who care about it. But the new brand is clearly established as the new hotness. This lets you move your users without violating their expectations. They expect the new product to behave differently, because it's a new product. It's got a different name and everything! Violent changes in direction for an established product, on the other hand, always tick off users, because they do violence to those users' expectations of what that product is. It's better to send your well-loved legacy brand gracefully off into the sunset, in other words, than to try and shock new life into it with electric paddles. No, but if you must move to a more rapid update schedule (as the Firefox developers clearly felt they did to stay competitive with Chrome, since users were screaming against rapid release from practically the moment the plan was announced and they went ahead with it anyway), moving the rapid updates into a new product is less disruptive than shoehorning them into your existing one. Mutt? In seriousness, I'm not sure there is one. "Failure is not an option!" is a phrase that automatically annoys me when I hear it, because almost nobody who uses it actually understands what it means. It's usually used in the sense of "we have decided to rule out the possibility of failure." But that's not really what the phrase means. What it means is that you have exhausted every possibility other than succeeding. It means that, to borrow a poker term, you're "all in" -- you have gotten yourself into a position from which there are only two ways out: success, and utter ruin. This is what the screenwriters of the movie Apollo 13 were getting at when they coined the phrase (it's usually credited to NASA flight director Gene Kranz, but that's incorrect: see http://www.spaceacts.com/notanoption.htm ). When the Apollo 13 mission went awry, the NASA teams on the ground didn't have the option to accept failure, because failure meant the death of the three astronauts and probably the end of the moon landing program. There was literally nowhere else for the people involved to go. They were "all in" -- the astronauts especially, but even to some degree the men on the ground. (If you're a mission control specialist in 1970, and you get drummed out of NASA with the loss of three astronauts on your record, whaddaya gonna do, go work for the other space program down the street? Start your own? Your career is done.) What most of the people who use this phrase miss is that rarely are they actually in that deep. If your social video sharing startup fails, you've lost a couple years of your life, and maybe some money. But you're not ruined. You're still alive; you still have your skills and talents; you can still go get a job somewhere. If you're smart, people will probably even lend you money to try again someday. You're down, but not out. A true "failure is not an option" startup scenario would be one where, if the startup didn't take flight, you would lose every dollar and piece of property you own, all your academic and professional credentials would be revoked, and you'd be barred from ever working in technology again. That's what "all in" looks like. It's fucking terrifying. It's also much, much higher stakes than all but a few of us will every play for. Which is a good thing! But unless you're one of those few, if you go around talking about "failure is not an option," it makes you sound kind of stupid. Just remember that every nerd that has ever broken any rule --- from seeding a torrent of a movie to scraping a competing site to (yes, go look it up) exploit SQL injection to dump a company's mail spool to the Internet --- has come up with a personally compelling rationale to do it "It is difficult to get a man to understand something, when his salary depends upon his not understanding it." -- Upton Sinclair ( http://en.wikiquote.org/wiki/Upton_Sinclair ) It appears they use an API provided by a company called 3taps: http://3taps.com/ So they avoid touching Craigslist's servers by having a middleman do the touching for them. In a sense, building any company is a charitable act, because you leave consumers better off than they were before Are you daft? It's not a charitable act to start a for-profit company, because you get paid for providing the service that leaves the people better off. The whole point of charities is that they provide the service without getting paid. (If your business is a startup that has deferred monetization until later, that still doesn't make you a charity; you've just chosen to turn away payment now in the hope that doing so will yield you a bigger payment down the road.) That's not to say that starting a business is a bad thing or that businesses can't improve the world; but there's a clear line between what a business is and what a charity is, and it involves the expectation of getting paid. Which means a business is always going to be lower on the Do-Gooder Scale than a charity is. I dunno about Google's definition, but Merriam-Webster's makes it pretty clear that "charitable" involves giving, not making a mutually beneficial exchange as one does in the marketplace: http://www.merriam-webster.com/dictionary/charitable As does Dictionary.com's: http://dictionary.reference.com/browse/charitable And Wiktionary's: http://en.wiktionary.org/wiki/charitable Yeah, even webOS made a creditable stab in this direction. And that was what, three years ago? If someone presents himself to me as a professional cook and then proceeds to over-salt the food, yes, I do feel completely comfortable disregarding his culinary opinions from that point forward. I find I get a lot less out of essays I read if I get sidetracked into making value judgments about the authors Similarly, I find I get a lot less out of essays when it seems that the authors are making value judgments about me. I would go a step further and say that, at least in my experience, the code bases that have yielded amazing UX, piles of money, etc. are almost never beautiful. The code may start out beautiful, but once people start using it they start surfacing naïve assumptions, flawed designs, bugs, etc. And if things are going well business-wise there's rarely time or resources to fix those issues in a beautiful, comprehensive way (since maintaining beauty frequently means massive refactoring or flat-out rewrites). In other words, beautiful code is code that nobody uses. You're missing my point. I wasn't saying that the problem was that the document came from DHH or 37Signals. I like 37Signals! What I was saying was, if you remove the author's identity from the document and just look at the actual words on the paper, you find that the words on the paper have a pretty clear value judgment embedded in them: that "a single consultant serving local businesses in Schaumburg, Illinois" is by definition someone who doesn't care about beautiful code, quality engineering, etc. A beyond-saving rube, in other words. If a warehouse full of monkeys produced the same argument in the same words, I'd have reacted to it just as strongly. Elitism is a turn-off for me. Reading for entertainment is great! But if you're working in the startup world and your fun reading is all about startups, you should probably broaden your horizons a bit, if only to avoid becoming a bottomlessly tedious person. Go read some fiction, or some non-fiction in a field that has nothing to do with your work. I don't think the concern is that they've gone ad-crazy to date, it's that going ad-crazy appears to be the direction they're moving in going forward. Hence the need to push out third-party clients -- for ads to work, they need the only portal you view Twitter through to be owned by Twitter. (A third party can just strip out the ads.) Apple kind of leaps to mind. This is where they were the year Jobs returned, remember: http://www.wired.com/images_blogs/gadgetlab/wired+cover.jpg Yahoo's roots were actually in a rejection of engineering. For years their primary product was their human-curated directory of Web sites. It was popular because the quality of results returned by the algorithmic search engines of the time (HotBot, Lycos, AltaVista, etc. -- you young 'uns in the crowd may need to look them up) were so poor that you had better odds of finding what you were looking for in Yahoo's directory. The directory left out vast numbers of sites, of course -- that was the cost of trying to manually maintain an index of the Web as it exploded in size. Human curators couldn't keep up with that growth; only software could. But Yahoo bet that software would never be as good as humans at finding the site you were looking for. Then Google came along and built software that could index the whole web and return relevant results from it, and that knocked the bottom right out of Yahoo's manual-curation approach. Don't feel stupid! It doesn't happen very often, really. Certainly the examples are few and far between. Turnarounds can happen, they just usually don't. No, you just take the people who used to enforce prohibition and make them collectors of taxes on the newly-legal substance. This would not be a new concept. For most of the period alcohol prohibition in the US, for instance, Federal enforcement of the prohibition laws was the responsibility of the IRS and the Treasury Department ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Bureau_of_Prohibition ), because of those agencies' long experience as collectors of alcohol taxes. (When you hear hillbillies in old movies complain about "revenuers," they're complaining about Treasury agents who shut down their untaxed backwoods stills.) And the Prohibition Bureau's successor agency, the Bureau of Alcohol, Tobacco and Firearms, was part of the Treasury from the repeal of Prohibition until the big reorganization after September 11. Even better, work with camera and phone manufacturers to build Flickr into the camera . Take a picture, a copy goes to Flickr automatically. Make it a natural part of the photo-taking process -- one that you'd miss when using a device where it wasn't present. ("I have to do what to share my photo? Open an app? Connect a USB cable? Ugh.") This is one of the few areas where Flickr/Yahoo could still conceivably compete with Facebook; since FB doesn't have a "Facebook phone" yet, they'd both be in the same competitive position of needing to get camera and phone OEMs to buy in. Lots of people link to Google+ posts here. Nobody links to the equivalent Facebook thing, wall posts. That's a bit misleading, because one of the few places G+ has gotten traction is among developers, mostly in the Google ecosystem (go figure). That's a big and important ecosystem, so it's not shocking that people from there would post stuff that occasionally is of interest to HN. Facebook wall posts aren't used in the same way by the tech crowd -- probably mostly because they didn't work like blog posts or G+ posts until after G+ launched -- so they don't get HN links. But in other communities people definitely link to wall posts. I work in politics and it's not unusual to see a politico use their Facebook wall as a kind of proto-blog. (Sarah Palin, or some nameless flack on her team at least, is/was a master at this.) It then gets plenty of links from political media. If not coincidence, an anti-trust suit waiting to happen... Nope, he jumped to PayPal in May: http://news.cnet.com/8301-1023_3-57427801-93/paypal-lures-ja... Yes. Studies of nuclear explosion impact effects distinguish between "ground burst" and "air burst" detonations. Ground bursts typically have a smaller overall radius of damage, but do more intense damage at or near ground zero. Air bursts spread their effects across a wider radius, but damage is relatively more evenly distributed. Ground bursts also produce more fallout, since they dig up and irradiate earth and scatter it to the winds. Valve seems to operate as a tribe and there's a limit on how huge those can get. Genghis Khan would disagree: http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Mongol_Empire Yeah, that was my first thought too. The second thought was that ground-up rewrites are almost never a good idea to begin with. You end up throwing out whatever's good about the old property along with all the bad, and risk turning off the members of whatever user base you have left (who presumably stuck around because they saw something they liked in the old version). I suppose the population of Digg users is probably small enough at this point that the new proprietors aren't worried too much about whether they stay or go, though... They'll also get a modest press bump when they roll out the "new Digg," like AVOS did when they rolled out the "new Delicious." There'll be press interest in the potential revivial of a once-huge property that there wouldn't necessarily be if they launched under a completely new brand. I dunno if that's worth $500K, $500K can buy a fair bit of PR, but it's something. You can find a research firm to tell you anything you want. They may have to torture the numbers more in some scenarios than in others, but there's no shortage of people willing to take your money in exchange for telling you what you already want to hear. "The Internet is positive about Adolf Hitler": http://www.whatdoestheinternetthink.net/?s=adolf%20hitler If you drop the word "business" from "business advice," at least, it's not impossible. Fables ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Fable ) and parables ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Parable ) are both types of stories that are built around making a point, and there are examples of both that have been good enough to still be popular thousands of years after they were first written. I would say that it's harder to write a great fable or parable than it is to write a great example of a general story, though, because the structure of being built around an Important Point makes it easy to slip into preachiness or didacticism. You have to work extra hard to make the rest of the story not sag under the weight of the lesson. It's comparable to the price of the usual "Triple Play" Internet+cable+phone service offers from cable companies and telcos. But just "putting the video out there and seeing how people react to it" isn't "scientific research." Science involves testable hypotheses and controlled experiments. Just throwing things against the wall and seeing which ones stick is something different. If it breeds misconception, can you really call it education? I probably should have clarified that it's competitive to those packages offered in the USA. We're used to getting gouged by our telcos here in the Land of the Free :D No, neither RSS nor Atom specify a maximum number of characters for TITLE elements. Which isn't to say that particular readers/clients don't truncate them, of course, just that the specs don't say they should. Re the "hard to write" thing, PubSubHubbub's developers sometimes referred to it as "PuSH" for short. Which is easier. Dave also has a proposed notification standard of his own, called RSSCloud: http://rsscloud.org/ There's been some drama between the developers of the two systems in the past: * http://scripting.com/stories/2009/07/22/snappyRetardedAnswer... * http://brad.livejournal.com/2405147.html * https://twitter.com/davewiner/status/23404535816912896 (Drama being nothing new to the RSS world, alas. Sigh) You would think so, but apparently not, since (if CrunchBase is accurate) StockTwits has raised $8.6 million in venture funding over four rounds: http://www.crunchbase.com/company/stocktwits So either the VCs didn't ask the question, or they did ask it but didn't think too hard about the answer they got. The desktop really doesn't need reinventing The problem is that the devices where the traditional WIMP interface make the most sense (desktop & laptop PCs) are on track to become a small niche in the overall computing landscape, thanks to the wild growth in mobile and tablet computing. While desktops and laptops aren't going to disappear anytime soon, they're not where the action is. So if you're a maker of an operating environment, you can stick with an interface that's highly optimized for desktops and laptops, but that severely reduces the relevance of your work. It's like choosing to make an operating environment today that only runs on IBM mainframes. Those mainframes exist, they're still out there, and you can still make money selling software for them; but that choice makes your product irrelevant to the vast majority of computer users today. And when you slot yourself into a niche, you can never grow larger than the niche you've slotted yourself into. If you want to be an industry leader, you have to be playing in the same space where the users are; you can't get any further back in the parade than the middle. All the significant commercial developers of traditional WIMP environments today (which means Microsoft, Apple, and Canonical) are struggling with how to make this transition -- to stay relevant on the desktop while also extending themselves into the tablet/mobile realm. It's a big challenge, and it's not clear at this point that any of them have figured out how to do it yet. But they have to do it to stay viable as mass-market vendors. I would imagine the pressure to make that transition is even greater on open-source projects like GNOME. If you're a commercial player stuck in a niche, that's not necessarily a bad outcome if the niche is at least profitable. But open-source development is driven more by developer ambition. Developers want to work on hot new projects that lots of people will use, not old stable projects for niche audiences. In a commercial environment you can salve their disappointment at being stuck with the boring old projects somewhat with cash and perks. That's less true in FOSS development. So the talent flees your ecosystem to go work on things that are more fun, and you slowly die by inches. There's something about them calling it "Digg v1" that really annoys me. Digg version 1 was... the original Digg, no? I dunno what particular version of Digg this thing is, except that as a reboot of an existing property/brand it's obviously not version 1. It might be their version 1, but calling it "v1" in public makes it feel like the old Soviet pictures where the leaders who had fallen out of favor were airbrushed out ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Censorship_of_images_in_the_Sov... ). "Nyet, Comrade! Commissar Rose was never in charge of this tractor plant!" It just feels really disrespectful to the original Digg team, at least to me. he seized control over classifieds market You say "seized control" like he showed up with a bunch of armed goons and wrested it away from its rightful owner. Craigslist dominates online classifieds because they recognized it was a market worth serving years before the incumbents in classifieds did, and served it. It's not a crime to get there first. I wonder if Craig realizes he became a Microsoft-style monopoly I must have missed the part where Craigslist used their dominant position in classified advertising to unfairly benefit other products they offer. It's part of the tradeoff of being investment-funded. Investors offer you money based on an estimate of the future value of your company. When you take the money, you now have to get the company to at least that value for them to be able to make money on their investment by selling their stake. If you can't make that happen, the investors will be very unhappy with you, possibly up to the point of using their ownership stake (or joining with other dissatisfied stakeholders) to have you tossed out and replaced with a "better" manager in order to "save the company." In other words, "large and profitable" is enough if you're organically funded, but if you're investment-backed you have to not just be profitable, but at least as profitable as your investors predicted you would be. In Facebook's case, those predictions could be quite large. On the pre-IPO end of things, Goldman Sachs' 2011 investment in FB, for instance, was premised on a $50 billion valuation ( http://dealbook.nytimes.com/2011/01/02/goldman-invests-in-fa... ) of the company. Depending on whose numbers you believe for the total number of FB shares outstanding (see http://www.businessinsider.com/facebook-shares-outstanding-2... ), at $20/share their current total value is somewhere between ~$40 billion and ~$55 billion. The high end of that estimate is north of Goldman's valuation, but the stock won't have to fall much farther for Goldman to get nervous. Similarly, when the company goes public, now you have "the markets" to deal with as investors as well. Just like VCs, public investors buy into a stock at a certain level because they believe that level represents a value less than the company will eventually be worth. And also like VCs, if your management makes that bet fail, they can and will organize to remove you, or at least make your life difficult with an activist board or other oversight mechanism. When Facebook opened for public trading, the market estimated its value at around $104 billion ( http://dealbook.nytimes.com/2012/05/17/facebook-raises-16-bi... ) If you bought in at that price, your investment today would only be worth a little more than half of what you paid for it. That doesn't make for happy investors. Investors want to see a return on their investment, and they prefer to see it today rather than tomorrow. Corporate managers who want to stay corporate managers do everything they can to deliver it, and sooner rather than later. Hence the focus on short-term metrics like quarterly profits over long-term sustainability. Farhad Manjoo at Slate reviewed it and liked it, specifically saying he preferred it to Gardein: http://www.slate.com/articles/technology/technology/2012/07/... So maybe they still really like meat-like textures and flavors Almost as if evolution had bred them into meat-eating animals! Nah, that's crazy talk. Indeed! I'm a huge fan of her work, glad to see others enjoying it as well. If you like the comic, Ms. Beaton has all her online historical comics indexed by subject here: http://harkavagrant.com/archivecat.php And she's published a book of them as well that Amazon picked as one of their "best books of 2011": http://www.amazon.com/Hark-Vagrant-Kate-Beaton/dp/1770460608 "I completely disagree" is just code for "You're wrong" I completely disagree with that statement :-D "I disagree" is a statement of opinion -- I believe something different than you do. "You're wrong" is an assertion of fact -- your belief is incorrect. The former is much less of a direct challenge to the other person than the latter is. The problem with App.net (as it's currently described, anyway) is that it's halfway between what people who love Twitter want and what people who hate Twitter want, which makes it less than an obvious sale for both. People who love Twitter want... Twitter. App.net doesn't interoperate with Twitter; it's another, separate silo. There's no guarantees that your Twitter friends will move to App.net with you, which limits the appeal if you live in Twitter. People who hate Twitter hate it for a variety of reasons. App.net doesn't address most of these. If you hate Twitter because they kneecapped their developers, guess what, there's no guarantees App.net won't kneecap their developers five years from now either. If you hate Twitter because it's a centralized, proprietary system, guess what, App.net is centralized and proprietary too. If you hate Twitter because of its scaling problems, guess what, there's no guarantees that App.net (which, as noted, is as centralized as Twitter is) will be any better at dealing with that stuff. And so forth. Personally, I fall into the latter category; I have lots of problems with Twitter. But nothing about App.net screams to me that here is the solution to those problems. Instead it just feels like Twitter with a different owner and a subscription fee -- which are just about the only ways at this point you could take the idea of Twitter and make it less appealing to me. So according to the story's only named sources, the co-founders of Fluent, the reason Fluent failed was because it was so breathtakingly ambitious that it scared lily-livered investors away; but don't worry, kids, the founders had so much integrity they turned away multiple acqui-hire offers from "other red-hot Valley startups." (Which aren't named, but trust them, they were red hot.) Note to journalists: it makes a better story if you also talk to people other than the subjects of the story before hitting Publish. The bigger problem is that good SEO will bring you more traffic than good writing will. Look closely at what you wrote, you answered your own question :-D For those of you who are too young to have lived through the original dot-com boom, I can't recommend this 1999 article on company naming from Salon highly enough: http://www.salon.com/1999/11/30/naming/ Read the whole thing, it's hilarious. As soon as I saw the parade of names in the OP I was reminded of one of the names the naming consultants in the the Salon piece devised -- "Jamcracker": When Altman and Manning presented the name Jamcracker to a client recently, the reception was not everything they had hoped for. "I put the name up in front of their creative people," Manning says. "There were a couple of women sitting in. One of them got up and said, 'Oh, that's disgusting.' Another said, 'This is really sick.' I said, 'Excuse me, what are you talking about?' They said, 'We can't explain it, but that name is just creeping us out. We don’t know what it is, but could you take it off the wall, please?'" Manning remains mystified by the incident. "There's apparently some strange, uncomfortable meaning attached to it in the minds of some women," he says. "God knows what that could be." Pud did turn the best/worst of FuckedCompany into a book ( http://www.amazon.com/Fd-Companies-Spectacular-Dot-Com-Flame... ) after the site ended, at least. It's a useful artifact of the era. As the saying goes, there's a sucker born every minute :D This got me wondering if the naming firm described as the minds behind "Jamcracker" still exists. Sure enough, it does: http://www.ahundredmonkeys.com/ And they have a useful page listing all the names they've ever sold: http://www.ahundredmonkeys.com/category/all-names/ Scroll down to "J", and... boom. "Jamcracker: Unified platform for IT management." Right between "Jacks" and "Jamoka." Don't worry, the government will never let the crash happen My bet would be these words were uttered right before every crash in history... Dear HP: Just. Let. webOS. Die. Already. Seriously, this is getting undignified. Watching your stewardship of this platform has been like watching a doctor try to restart a patient's heart with a car battery and a pair of clothing irons. Your incompetence is painful even to watch. Maybe they know something you don't know? Like perhaps they're planning on murdering you on October 30th. In that scenario, the sentence would make total sense. That sounds less like an argument against coffee analogies and more like an argument for making apps that are actually useful. This looks really interesting. Is there a page on the site somewhere that gives a high-level overview of what it is and how it works? The wiki has lots of technical details, but nothing I could find that you could email to a decisionmaker and say "you should read this." And this is why Twitter wants to kill the third-party clients. Twitter has decided that ads are going to be its revenue stream. The only way they can guarantee you see their ads is if you use the website or an official client. If nobody uses those, nobody sees the ads, so Twitter makes no revenue. So they have to get your friends onto the website or an official client to stay alive. This logic assumes, of course, that Twitter's web app and official clients are good enough substitutes for the third-party clients that if the third parties go away people will use the official clients rather than just stop using Twitter altogether. Which remains to be seen. IWishIHad50Dollars.com I wouldn't say that "authority" is an illusion, but it's absolutely true that (except for a small amount) it doesn't come from your position in the hierarchy. It comes from how you act and what you do. I've written a bit about this here, calling it "credibility capital": http://jasonlefkowitz.net/2003/03/where_leaders_f_1/ Or Horowitz sees himself as a Swashbuckling Captain of Industry, so it's been fictionalized to better illustrate his internal conception of what a Swashbuckling Captain of Industry should sound like. But XMPP does the exact same thing, and it works in a distributed fashion. I can have an instant-message conversation in my IM client over XMPP with messages being exchanged effectively instantaneously. There's no appreciable delay between me hitting Enter and the other party seeing my message, barring problems on the network between me and them; and those problems would degrade my perception of Twitter's performance too, if they were between me and Twitter. While centralized instant-message services exist (AIM, for instance), in 15 years of using instant messaging more or less daily I've never ever had the experience of feeling like a conversation I was having over AIM was happening "faster" than one I was having over XMPP. Never. It has literally never happened. XMPP is performant enough for Google to use it as the IM component of Google Talk. Google Talk is instant messaging. Not "eventual messaging." Instant. Just like the centralized alternatives. Centralized services have some pros over distributed ones -- ease of discovering other users is a big one. But you're just making an assertion that only a centralized system can pass messages back and forth fast enough to be perceived as effectively instant without providing any evidence to back that assertion up. If you really want the organization to survive for a long term, you need to make it a religion. If you can figure out a way to convince a few dozen people every decade that the best way to glorify God is to isolate themselves off somewhere maintaining your archival data, you'll be set for centuries. Not really. The new hardware is selling itself already. The goal of Windows 8 is to ensure that Microsoft is still relevant in a world where that hardware dominates the computing marketplace. Or at least some hard details about what those existing alternatives are lacking. That could lead to further improvement, as whatever communities have already formed around those alternatives could debate the questions and possibly improve their protocols. As it is the FAQ reads like "those are old and busted, we wanted something new and hot," which gives off an aura of NIH syndrome. This is valuable -- I'd recommend adding a page to your site that includes these types of critiques, it'd be useful for those working on or around those other protocols. And it'd give people who are interested in your work a URL they could send around when asked "why not just use salmon/webfinger/ostatus/whatever." Random thought: it might be helpful to give Tent-the-protocol a different name than Tent-the-server-implementation. In other words, "Tent" means either the protocol you're specifying, or the server software you're planning on releasing, but not both. An analogue would be the naming distinction between HTTP, the protocol, and httpd, the first Web server ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/CERN_httpd ). That naming split made it easier for people to understand what part of the system others were talking about, and helped make it clear that the two pieces were not tightly coupled to each other. Maybe you're already planning on doing this when you release the server, it's not clear from the web site. If that's the case, feel free to ignore... The Vadem Clio was brilliant! Glad to see it getting some love here. Along with a Stowaway folding keyboard: http://danbricklin.com/log/stowaway.htm People used to be amazed when I showed them how much real work you could get done with a Handspring Visor and a Stowaway keyboard. It kind of amazes me that today we have portable devices that are a thousand times more powerful than the old PalmOS devices, but only feel really useful for consuming media, not creating it. Shows you the importance of input devices in the creative process, I guess. Socialism isn't what you appear to think it is. A privately owned company that provides services subsidized by one group of customers to others for free isn't "socialist" in any meaningful sense. It's still privately owned, it's still driven by profit, there's still money changing hands. It's funded by capitalists who put money in with the hope of seeing a return on their investment. Etc. It's not impossible to imagine a "socialist Twitter," but that would involve something like it being operated as a venture owned cooperatively by the people who work there ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Worker_cooperative ), or as a wholly or partly nationalized enterprise, kind of like how the old Bell System worked from the 1930s until the 1980s. Google actually did something exactly like this early in their corporate existence, when they bought DejaNews in 2001 (see http://googlepress.blogspot.com/2001/02/google-acquires-usen... ). DejaNews was a company that held the most comprehensive archive of discussions on Usenet ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Usenet ) in the world at that time. Usenet was where public discussions happened online before Web forums, so that database represented an important chunk of early Internet history. Deja had hoped to turn that database into a monetizable resource, but the bursting of the dot-com bubble ended that dream, and people started worrying that when Deja folded its Usenet archive might be lost forever. So Google stepped in and bought Deja to ensure that its archives would be held by someone who hadn't been crushed by the market collapse. Deja's archives eventually formed the basis of the product that became Google Groups. There wasn't a lot of business logic to the acquisition; Usenet had been in decline for years by the time Deja sank, so if Google was only interested in a discussion product the Usenet archive wasn't a must-have. Buying Deja was more about saving a key piece of Net history (and putting it under the Google logo) than it was about financial prudence. Of course, all this was in 2001, before Google went public. Private companies can make charitable gestures like this much more easily than public ones can. But it actually undermines your point. You're arguing that Twitter as it exists today is somehow inherently "democratic" and run in the public interest because some users subsidize others. And that's just incorrect; those users subsidize the others because it is in their financial interest to do so. They want their ads to show where the eyeballs are, that's all. If the economics changed and it suddenly became more attractive for the paying users (the advertisers) for Twitter to be an exclusive gated community, that's what Twitter would become. It is responsive to market forces, so in that sense it's a very capitalist institution. Which is not a bad thing! I'm not saying that Twitter employees should run up the red flag and seize control of the means of production. I'm just saying that Twitter is a business, which is to say that it's an enterprise designed to enrich those who set it up. The fact that currently the easiest way to make that happen is to let some people use it free is tangential to that. The U.S. Anti-Doping Agency (USADA) isn't the government, and nobody's pursuing criminal charges. (There was a criminal investigation into his case, but it ended in February. The AP story has background: http://hosted.ap.org/dynamic/stories/C/CYC_ARMSTRONG_DOPING?... ) The proposed punishment is stripping Armstrong of his cycling titles and barring him from participating from the sport in the future. Armstrong's claim of passing "hundreds of controls" obscures the actual issue in this case. It's true that Armstrong passed many drug tests over the course of his career, but the USADA charges that he was engaged in "blood doping" ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Blood_doping ), a technique generally associated with a substance called EPO ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Erythropoietin ). A new process made EPO widely available in the late 1980s. But because EPO is chemically similar to substances the body produces naturally, nobody was able to come up with a way to test athletes for EPO usage at all until the year 2000 ( http://www.wada-ama.org/en/Resources/Q-and-A/EPO-Detection/ ), and it took a few more years after that for anti-doping agencies to have confidence in the accuracy of the test. So there was a 10 to 15 year window of time where athletes could use EPO with a degree of confidence that no contemporary test would be able to definitively prove they did so. The result was that many of the results of cycling's top races during the 1990s and 2000s had to be re-examined when it finally became clear that many of the contenders had been blood doping during that period (see http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Doping_at_the_Tour_de_France#Do... for examples from the Tour de France). So the "hundreds of controls" defense is a bit weasel-wordy. It doesn't mean so much to pass hundreds of tests if those tests were given at a time when the testers didn't know how to catch the thing you're accused of doing. It's important to note though that hardware muscle and bandwidth were both much, much, much more scarce and expensive back then. For a more in-depth consideration of Armstrong's life, there's an excellent profile written in 1999 here: http://www.washingtonpost.com/wp-srv/national/longterm/space... "Pilots take no special joy in walking," Armstrong once told a group of well-wishers at an air show who wanted to hear what it had been like to walk on the moon. "Pilots like flying." They didn't -- the $200K ran out a year ago: http://www.readwriteweb.com/cloud/2011/10/the-state-of-diasp... It seems like a modern parable A geek tragedy. Do you mean that community projects are by nature "dead" projects? No, but they're not necessarily live projects, either. The key question is how much commit activity is coming from the people who are walking away from the project. If they were doing all the committing, and they're leaving, it's dead. If on the other hand there's an active community of committers outside the original developers, it's alive. There's a lesson this for me and my partners. Everything we publish to our investors should be written as if it will someday be published in Gawker. And every action we take in structuring our business, our relationships with our investors, and our relationships with the entrepreneurs we back should be conducted as if it will someday be published in Gawker. This is nothing new. When I was studying political science in the early '90s it was called "the Washington Post Rule": a canny politician should never put anything in writing unless he would be comfortable seeing it on the front page of the Washington Post . (Why the Post ? Woodward and Bernstein: http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/All_the_President%27s_Men I have to believe the rule goes back even further than that, but presumably before their time it was called something else.) My guess is that as those people come of age we'll gradually see a sort of silent consensus to ignore that stuff within certain parameters -- if they were a certain age or younger, say, or as long as no serious laws were broken. It's happened before. Look at how society has evolved on questions of politicians' drug use, for instance. In 1970 admitting to have ever used marijuana would have been an instant career killer for a politician. By 1992 Bill Clinton could admit having used it, as long as he hedged the admission with a bunch of caveats -- he didn't inhale, etc. And by 2008 Barack Obama could openly admit having smoked pot regularly without any negative repercussions, as long as it was only in his wayward youth. How can you live with having to search everything? (Disclosure: satisfied Unity user here) If you interact with the machine primarily through the keyboard, "search everything" is a plus, not a minus. It means you can easily launch new applications without having to take your hand off the KB and move it over to the mouse. Launching applications is much faster for me in Unity than it was in GNOME 2.x, simply because typing ALT plus the first three characters of the application name (or a generally descriptive word: ALT + "music" finds Rhythmbox, for instance) is faster than rooting around a multi-level menu. After grudgingly Googling how to use Unity, I found the steps to list applications and it's absolutely horrible This is because "listing applications" in Unity is a failure case. Users don't want to list applications; they want to launch the one application they were looking for. The point of Unity's launcher is to make digging through a long list of apps to find the one you wanted obsolete. So it takes Gnome Do and makes it more complex? No. I had doubts last year about the wisdom of Canonical starting from scratch with Unity rather than just building on GNOME Do (see http://jasonlefkowitz.net/2011/04/ubuntu-11-04-everything-ol... ), but the last couple of releases have put my doubts to rest. Unity is everything GNOME Do is/was, but now with the possibility to extend even further into things like the new HUD ( https://wiki.ubuntu.com/Unity/HUD ), which does to application menu bars what Unity does to application lists. They get grumpy whenever anything is different at all in which icons are shown and in what order. Their allegations that I broke something weeks after I accidentally left, say, a copy of unzip on their desktop is of course laughable at best You seem to be under the impression that the Unity desktop can't have icons/files/launchers/etc. on it. It can, mine does. It's accessible via the usual "Desktop" folder in your home directory. If you know the name of the application, it can find it. But if you don't, it doesn't map keywords to application names. It would be impossible to maintain appropriate keywords for all applications in Debian (and by extension, Ubuntu) so it doesn't. You're incorrect here too. Unity does support searching by keywords, and all you need to do to hook into it is create a standard freedesktop.org-style .desktop file for the app ( http://standards.freedesktop.org/desktop-entry-spec/latest/a... ) and fill in the "Keywords" field inside it. Unity will pick up those keywords and use them when searching in the application lens. Most of the commonly used applications already have the most obvious keywords provided for them. (Putting the keywords in the desktop entry file means that Ubuntu/Canonical don't have to maintain a master list of keywords for every application; app developers can just provide relevant keywords for their app in the DE file they ship, and users can tune them if needed just by editing the DE file.) I get the feeling from your complaints that you checked out Unity briefly early in its lifecycle and haven't checked back in on it lately. You should try it again now, you might be pleasantly surprised. Ummm... it works in Chrome, but not in Firefox. Firebug shows this error: TypeError: e.srcElement is undefined http://david-bieber.tumblr.com/post/30907535147/collapsible-... Line 372 The Lumia 920 will arrive in pentaband LTE and HSPA+ variants and both are expected to ship "in selected markets" later this year. "Later this year"? I hate it when companies do this. Hate hate HATE it. "Here's something awesome! Want it? OK, come back a few months from now and we'll sell you one. What? No, we can't tell you exactly when. We can't even tell you yet what it will cost. It'll be a few months, and cost some amount of money, that's all you need to know." Then the few months pass, all the hype dies away, and when the device launches for real , nobody buys one. I'm sure there's a marketing rationale for doing things this way, but I can't see it. What good is all this press attention now , when you can't actually take orders for the thing the press is raving about? When your ability to do so is so far away that you can't even give a specific date? When managers put "keeping the stock price at a decent level" over "selling a metric ton of our products," they've lost the game before even taking the field. Sigh. Dusk approaches when Twitter sheds its desire to leave a mark on humanity Look, I understand the sentiment, but here's the thing. Twitter only exists as we know it today because a lot of people have poured a lot of money into it. Without that money, Twitter would be an impossibility. It simply would not exist, at least not at anywhere near the scale it exists at today. My guess is that, for the people who poured in all that money, "leaving a mark on humanity" was not the primary reason they opened their wallets. They opened their wallets because they expected to make more money by doing so. They were making investments , not charitable contributions. And at some increasingly near point, those people are going to want to see a return on their investments. That means that, barring an acquisition, Twitter needs to find a way to turn a (hopefully large, from the investors' viewpoint) profit -- and sooner rather than later. Why would you ever have thought things would be otherwise? Twitter is a company. Companies that don't make money usually don't survive. The best case scenario is that they get bought out and operated as a vanity project by a deep-pocketed patron, the way a lot of magazines are. But a magazine is a much smaller and cheaper-to-run enterprise than a centralized, global real-time communications network. Whose pockets are deep enough to run Twitter at a loss indefinitely? If you organize yourself as a for-profit corporation, and take on investors, at some point you have to bring in more money than you burn. Otherwise you will at some point have to scale back your ambitions, because you simply will not be able to afford them anymore. Twitter, in other words, is meeting its destiny. Maybe that destiny is not to make as big a "mark on humanity" as people wish. But without all the money they took from those investors who are breathing down their necks now, Twitter would never have been able to scale up to where it is today at all. And that money came with the condition that Twitter would at some point figure out a way to pay it back, with interest. That point is now. I have no idea if Twitter is over-funded or not, but App.net has yet to have to service anywhere near the level of simultaneous traffic that Twitter deals with daily. App.net services 20,000 users ( http://thenextweb.com/socialmedia/2012/09/07/off-slow-start-... ); Twitter services 140 million ( https://business.twitter.com/en/basics/what-is-twitter/ ). Twitter went through severe growing pains to reach the point where it could handle that much traffic; there's no reason to believe App.net won't have to go through similar issues if/as it grows. Any centralized system that has to support tens or hundreds of millions of users in real time is going to be seriously expensive to operate. There may well be a point at which it's simply economically infeasible to do it without splitting the expense into tiny slices borne by lots of different parties, the way we do for email. The wrinkle in #2 is that once you decide to take conventional venture funding (as opposed to bootstrapping, or fundraising through angels, incubators, etc.), you really don't have the option to just be a small, sustainable business anymore. VCs don't want to invest in small, sustainable businesses, they want to invest in aggressive plays that have the potential to blow up into something huge. According to TechCrunch the only money Reddit ever raised was $100k of seed funding ( http://www.crunchbase.com/company/reddit ). That's a very different trajectory than Twitter, who (again according to TC: http://www.crunchbase.com/company/twitter ) have raised $1.16 billion (with a B) in funding. Taking in that sort of money raises the stakes dramatically. Nobody loans you a billion dollars to build a $50 million/year business. In fairness, it's hard to weep over this particular violation of sovereignty. The US gave Pakistan ten years to round up bin Laden using their own internal police and military systems, and it became abundantly clear over that time that Pakistan had no interest in doing so. If you're going to shelter the world's most wanted criminal within your borders, and refuse any chance of bringing him to justice, you probably shouldn't be too surprised if justice ends up coming to him instead. Relax, he was making a joke. Sid Meier is the guy behind the Civilization line of video games: http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Sid_Meier In Civilization you can research various forms of government for your society, including Democracy. But for game purposes there's plenty of reasons why other systems work better under certain circumstances. Rizzoma allows communication within a certain context permitting a chat to instantly become a document where topics of a discussion organized into branches of mind-map diagram and minor details are collapsed to avoid distraction. Because we all know a person who's said to us at one point or another "I wish I had a way to have a chat instantly become a document where topics of discussion are organized into branches of a mind-map diagram." You must run with an interesting crowd! :-D I work in and around politics, and in our business we have a term (lifted from the sports world) for this sort of behavior. It's called "working the refs." An example: American politicians from the right are constantly complaining about the media being biased in favor of the left. Why? Because the calculus of whether or not to make such a complaint is pretty simple: complaining costs nothing if you're wrong, and if you're right you cause PR problems for the publication you're criticizing. So you make the complaint whenever you have even the slightest reason to do so. Each complaint forces the publication to respond. (If they don't, you just scream louder about how they're so biased they won't even hear you out.) And each response creates tedious work, going back through old stories and checking them with a fine tooth comb for any hint of bias. This establishes a classic conditioning ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Classical_conditioning ) cause-and-effect relationship: writing a story that the complainer won't like results in extra, redundant work. Eventually the reporters -- the refs in the game of politics -- pick up (consciously or unconsciously) on the connection between the stimulus and the response, and start gravitating towards the less painful option: framing their coverage in ways that the complaining politician likes. Those stories yield no loud complaints, which means no need to go back and constantly defend yourself. So your reporting gets compromised without you even realizing it. Marco and Gruber are working the refs here. If you're an Apple fan, it's in your interest for every review of every product even remotely similar to an Apple product to mention that, since doing so both positions the reviewed product as a cheap knock-off and reminds the reader that Apple exists and sells the "real deal." So they've picked this particular review and raised a stink about it. And it's already worked, because Topolsky felt the need to stop whatever other thing he was doing and write a response. But that's not the real goal of the working-the-refs strategy. The goal is that next time a review of an Apple-ish product crosses Topolsky's desk, he'll ask himself: does this review sufficiently do justice to Apple's competing product? And if it doesn't, is it easier to go through another big public fight defending the story, or to just kick it back to the writer with an editor's note to add a sentence mentioning Apple's offering? Now go through that thought process enough times and the writers (who don't want to be constantly rewriting their stuff) get the message and just start inserting the sentence on their own. Mission accomplished: the refs have been worked. As journalists they have to mention that every single time. Why? Are reviews of the 2012 Honda Accord obligated to mention that the design of the car's steering wheel is copied from Alfred Vacheron's 1894 Panhard ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Steering_wheel#History )? If not, what statute of limitations are you proposing on this mandatory statement? If professionalism feels joyless to you, you are doing it wrong. California conservatism goes way back. Despite its liberal image, there are parts of that state that are legendarily, ferociously conservative; the most famous one has been Orange County (see http://www.nytimes.com/2010/08/30/us/politics/30orange.html ), which was a seedbed of conservative activism for fifty years. The campaign to pass Proposition 13 in 1978 ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/California_Proposition_13_%2819... ) became a model for 1980s anti-tax conservatism. Richard Nixon and Ronald Reagan both came out of California. Etc. There is so much WTF here I don't even know where to begin. 1) Whoever wrote the headline HN is using to link to this story screwed up: the story isn't about MS giving up on Metro/"Modern UI" for servers, it's about MS bringing Metro/Modern UI to servers. 2) The story is wrong, or at least misleading. While Windows Server 2012 does ship with Metro/Modern UI available, it doesn't require you to use it. It's there as an optionally installed component for people who want it. See Ars Technica's review of Server 2012 for confirmation ( http://arstechnica.com/information-technology/2012/09/window... ): Even though you can install the full Windows 8-like UI atop Server 2012, you probably won’t want to. Better yet, you don’t have to. Like its predecessor, Windows Server 2012 can be deployed with the graphical interface, or as a “Server Core”—that is, with a minimal user interface that includes the command line and the PowerShell command interpreter. But there are additional shades of gray between the bare bones UI and the full Metro Monty—you can also deploy the Server Manager and other management tools with a graphical interface without installing the entire Metro UI. Or if you don't believe Ars, here's word directly from Microsoft ( http://blogs.technet.com/b/server-cloud/archive/2012/01/11/w... ), going into more detail about how Server 2012 is more command-line friendly, not less: In [Windows Server 2012], users can transition between Server Core and Server Graphical Shell at any time, with a single command and a single reboot. Accordingly, we enabled the installation and removal of server GUI components from the command line, PowerShell, and within Server Manager. In addition, we created over 2,300 PowerShell cmdlets to enable command-line and remote management of all server roles. We also introduced enhancements to Server Core itself to increase application compatibility; for example, the full .NET Framework 4.5 is now available out of the box on Server Core. As a Unix guy myself I'm not particularly attracted towards Windows Server, but I think it's worth noting that Microsoft has been working hard for nearly a decade now to make Windows more componentized and command-line friendly (see "MinWin": http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/MinWin ), and I applaud them for doing so. That seems like a step forward for Windows admins, not a step back. This would be a more compelling complaint if proprietary software generally came with detailed, clearly written documentation. Which most of the time it doesn't. In the worst cases, the proprietary software vendor expects you to pay to get access to the kind of not-end-user-oriented-but-still-useful documentation (like an API reference) that open source projects publish for free. In other words, it's not that open source software tends to be poorly documented, it's that software tends to be poorly documented. At least with open source software you can go and look and the source code to figure out the stuff the docs leave out. Remember Ruby back in 2006? (Or just Rails if you’re a cool dork) oh you couldn’t turn a corner without some douche-canoe evangelizing the wonders of this horrible little fad framework and how it was going to revolutionize delivering software and services to the web and like the Segway Scooter of computer science… BAM in 2011 no one uses it. Nobody was using Ruby in 2011? Really? Really? It's not even worth going through and picking out all the mistakes, really. I feel bad about even having taken the time to pick out the one above. It's like beating up the fat kid on the playground. Failbetter Games ( http://about.failbettergames.com/ ), the people who made the excellent browser-based story game Echo Bazaar/Fallen London, recently released their toolset ("StoryNexus": http://www.storynexus.com/ ) in open beta for people to build their own story games with. And while it's a hosted application, they explicitly disclaim any ownership right to IP you create using StoryNexus, so you can build worlds there without worrying about problems taking the setting or characters to other media down the road. Unfortunately, in my limited experiences with StoryNexus so far I have found it to be damn near incomprehensible to use. Hopefully they will clean up the interface and streamline the design process somewhat before calling it 1.0. Yeah, if you're interested in this subject you should definitely sign up on Fallen London and play through it a bit: http://fallenlondon.storynexus.com/ It's a really well-done example of an interactive story game that's both "story" and "game." Lots of interesting ideas in there. My guess is that he means "intuitive" in the sense that if you can't find a job that already exists, your only alternatives are either creating a new one for yourself or being out of work (and suffering economic deprivation) indefinitely. In reality, though, this is not as intuitive a leap for people to make as he thinks. If there's no jobs available at existing companies today, that doesn't mean that there won't be some tomorrow; and starting a new business involves navigating a big thicket of complicated issues most people have no experience dealing with, like forms of legal organization, raising capital, state and local regulatory compliance, taxes and accounting, insurance, etc. Social factors are also important: if everyone around you makes a living as an employee, the idea that you can start your own business might never even really occur to you, because you have no role models for that kind of behavior. If you go ahead and do it anyway, you risk looking like the odd man out in your social group -- constantly having to explain your decision to people who don't really get it. And of course there's the non-trivial risk of failure, which potentially exposes you to scorn ("I told you opening that shop was a dumb idea, but you wouldn't listen," says your mother-in-law). Given the choice between checking the job listings again tomorrow and taking on a radical change in lifestyle that requires learning a whole bunch of new skills, it's understandable that just sticking to the job listings as long as they can is the more appealing choice for lots of people. I don't have a strong opinion on the article itself (it seems well-reasoned to me, but I don't use CoffeeScript personally so who knows)... but the comments attached to it are hilarious. I think CoffeeScript has great readability, because I’ve taken the time to learn how it works. If you have to take the time to learn how to read something, it's not easily readable. CoffeeScript is only hard to read if you try to read it with a JavaScript mindset. Yes, why would anyone approach a tool pitched explicitly at JavaScript developers, whose "golden rule" is "it's just JavaScript" (see the top of http://coffeescript.org/ ), with a "JavaScript mindset"? Truly, it is a mystery. If you're used to one C-style language, it's generally not hard to read code written in another. This is not to say that you'll grok it 100% accurately on your first go, but another C-style language will be more readable to you than, say, a Lisp-flavored one would be. Shakiness affects many of us as we get older, but it is hard to design a website around this constraint. Is it? Large link targets surrounded by empty negative space seem like an easy way to solve this problem. The issue is only an issue because Yahoo puts the links in tinytext and crowds the ad link right up next to the "Inbox" link, so a twitch can send the cursor scooting past the link you want to click on to the ad you don't. That would be an excellent way of curing yourself of the risk of ever feeling nostalgia again. In the example provided the ad link has a decent amount of white space between it and the inbox link "Decent" for whom? For you, maybe, because your motor skills are sharp. For those whose aren't, maybe not so much. Are we to ascertain the shakiness level of the user to determine the proper amount of white space? A CSS media query maybe? ...But then, I'm just being rude here, sorry. Yes, you are. Degraded/impaired motor skills aren't just something older people deal with, they come with a range of illnesses and disabilities too. Snarking about a media query for "shakiness" is sort of like a retail store owner snarking about whether he needs to put a camera on his store door to check if people using the ramp are really in wheelchairs. There's even an intended barrier between the two in the form of a horizontal rule.. I don't understand how one can predict behaviors of people who do not fully read what they are clicking on. These comments indicate that you don't really understand the problem we're talking about here. It's not that the user doesn't know the ad link is a different link. It's that she tries to click the link she wants but ends up clicking the ad link accidentally because the close placement of the two links makes it easy for a bump on a trackpad to send a click intended for link A skidding over to link B instead. All systems have bugs. I'm sure that was a great comfort to the pilots in the F-22s. The game plan is to show ads with the tweets. So no, it's not valuable to them to have Tweets showing up everywhere -- not unless they can guarantee the ads will be shown with them too. And Civilization 5 ditched Python for Lua. This seems like a good illustration of the problem. This technology has absolutely no comparison with SQL other than it persists data Except that apparently under certain circumstances it doesn't persist data, which was the author's point. Personally I wouldn't be upset about a limitation like the one described as much as I would be upset about the database not logging an error when it discards the data. Logs are a primary way you figure out what's wrong when your application isn't behaving as expected. If you open the logs and see a bunch of "32-bit capabilities exceeded, please buy a real computer" messages, you learn what the problem is. If the database error logs are empty, that implies that everything is working fine, when in this case it clearly isn't. The version in the Ubuntu's repositories is not the latest(which is 2.2) What does the author's complaint have to do with the version Ubuntu is distributing? Are the 32-bit limitations present in Ubuntu's version not present in the most recent version? If they are, than who cares which of them he installed? they can't be more explicit about it than pointing it out on the download page and giving a message upon the database startup Uhh, yeah they can. On Debian-derived systems like Ubuntu you can make your .deb packages throw up dialogs that the user has to read and agree to before installation via debconf ( http://www.fifi.org/cgi-bin/man2html/usr/share/man/man8/debc... ). There's probably a way to do the same thing in RPM-based systems as well. If the warning is something that every user of the software needs to see , putting up a warning dialog and requiring the user to confirm having seen it before installation starts would probably be appropriate. They could also write an error to the database's error log whenever data is discarded due to the 32-bit limitation. Someone mentioned above that it puts a message at the start of the log, but if that's the case IMO it's insufficient; most of the time people interact with logs by looking in them for a particular moment in time, not by reading them from the first line on. Logging the error on or near the moment the data loss happens would make the issue visible to people using logs in this manner. Steve Jobs didn’t work constantly, Bill Gates had lots of hobbies, Mark Zuckerberg wasn’t tethered to his laptop, and Tim Ferris really did become a best-seller by writing and then promoting his book only 4 hours a week. Yeah, but Steve Jobs was kind of a legendary asshole who broke his relationships with his friends and loved ones into tiny little pieces, and Bill Gates and Mark Zuckerberg are both talked about by their contemporaries as if they were aliens who'd been deposited on Earth by a wayward space Greyhound. Is there no way to lead people to success without asking them to check their humanity at the door? Startups don’t require obsession — that’s an unhealthy rumor perpetrated by all 300 startup founders ever interviewed on Mixergy. They’re all lying — they actually lead healthy, balanced lives. They don’t want you to know their secret, because this keeps potential competition at bay. Or the startup founders interviewed on Mixergy know that startup culture is macho and youth-oriented, so they tell tales of epic all-night code sprees and laser focus on the business in order to burnish their image as True Startup Heroes among their peers. I'm not saying that you shouldn't work hard at your business. It just annoys me to see examples like these held up as the One True Way To Success. Some startup founders who cut everything out of their lives but The Work will succeed, but most will fail, because most startup founders of all types fail. Even the Jack Dorsey-style "of course I can work three shifts a day without any negative consequences" übermenschen . And the ones that fail will not only not have a business, they also won't have a life as well, because they threw it away in pursuit of the dream. Aaand now you're back to the "platform dependent on a single company" problem. Some do get "marketed" via Perl News or PerlMonks Marketing is bringing your story to people who don't already know about it. Readers of Perl News and PerlMonks are very likely to already be Perl users/advocates. A far worse language with enormous hordes of programmers who had bet their careers on it. "Classic" VB was the PHP of the client/server era: ugly, reasonably capable, and everywhere. Imagine the screams you would be hearing across the Internet if the PHP core devs all decided en masse to go work on something else, and PHP was under a closed, proprietary license so nobody could fork it, and you get a sense for what it was like when Microsoft killed VB. Research or strong points are not necessary This gives me a sad. There is surely a continuum between "unassailable logic" and "no research," no? I've just read waaay too many blog posts (and tweets, and statuses, et al) making assertions that even the briefest, most cursory amount of research by the author would have proven incorrect, or at least more complicated than they seem at first glance. Like, a single Google search, you know? When I find a piece of writing where the author went to the trouble to put in that effort, it automatically goes up in my estimation a few notches. I take Nietzsche's words about "knowing and over-acute readers" not as a call to not research your subject, but rather to write about it in a way that's accessible to the broad public rather than to experts on the topic. Good writers take complicated subjects and make them seem simple. Once a month App.net members will receive an email asking them to give feedback on the App.net apps they have used that month I bet they're going to love that. There's nothing people like more than filling out the same form over and over again, after all. The difference is that apps aren't what attract users to Netflix. Movies attract users to Netflix. That lets Netflix build up a base of users, which then makes it an interesting platform for apps. App.net, on the other hand, is just glue to connect applications together. Outside apps, there is no "there" there. So it suffers from a chicken-and-egg problem that Netflix does not -- they need users to attract developers, but to attract users, there have to be developers building attractive stuff. Probably the easiest way out of this conundrum would be if they could entice some celebrities or other high-profile figures to ditch Twitter for App.net. They would create streams of content people want to read, which would attract their fans, which would attract developers. This seems a bit contrary to the App.net "we're just an API" philosophy, though. The post says App.net will use some basic algorithms to put in “presets” as a proxy for how useful that particular app may have been to you. The member will then be free to move the sliders in any configuration that they wish. So if you don't fill out the form, they probably just use whatever their algorithm tells them you think. But since Defaults Are Powerful my bet is that the vast majority of people who do bother to fill out the form will either just submit the presets or a mildly tweaked version of same, so the survey is skewed towards their algorithm's findings anyway. You will notice that the name at the bottom of this Apple letter is different than the name that appeared at the bottom of previous Apple letters. This change may have some connection to their new willingness to admit having made a mistake. According to several sources close to the company, Nguyen has not been seen at Color’s Palo Alto headquarters for more than two months. The speculation was that Nguyen was “probably either in Tahoe or Hawaii.” And then a little further down... We’re told the changes have come after a power struggle between members of Color’s board — some of whom are loyal to Nguyen, and others who were anxious for a change. The guy hasn't even shown up for work in two months , and there are still board members who are loyal to him? He must have some pretty awesome blackmail material on them. That would be interesting, but I doubt it will ever happen. Nobody with any interest in participating in the VC-funded ecosystem (which includes much of the tech media, sadly) is ever going to point at one of the investors who fund that ecosystem and publicly call them out as a sucker. Even if they, you know, are a sucker. The problem was timing. Palm didn't make a webOS SDK generally available until something like two months after the first webOS phone (the Pre) was launched. This meant that they couldn't tap into developer interest during the big pre-launch hype cycle, which in the case of the Pre was massive, thanks to a hugely successful introduction of the device at CES earlier that year (see http://www.pcmag.com/article2/0,2817,2338482,00.asp , http://www.cnet.com/8301-19167_1-10139851-100.html for a sample of the reception it got there). Then by the time the SDK was available, the Pre had already proven less successful in the marketplace than Palm had hoped it would be, so developer interest had cooled. Nobody wants to write apps for a phone that's a flop. I don't know if this is really a fair comparison. You can do simple forms in plain HTML if you want to, after all. No CSS required, no Ruby or PHP, no scripting, no nothing. If you want to persist the form submissions you need to have some logic (which brings in a programming language) and a database (which brings in SQL, or maybe structured text files), but that's just as true in a single-user or client-server application as it is in a Web application. The only differences are that the fifteen-years-ago application probably used a language like Visual Basic rather than PHP or Ruby, and a simple embedded database engine like Jet ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Microsoft_Jet_Database_Engine ) rather than a standalone database server. But the basic concept of a form-based application hasn't changed much, and the scope of knowledge you need to build one hasn't changed much either. I've noticed several sites recently that are including more than one version of JQuery (and a copy of Prototype) on the same page - which is a symptom of this to me. This is more of a symptom of idiots having access to programming tools. Idiots haven't changed much in the last fifteen years either. There were plenty of line-of-business apps written in (say) VB whose code would make you scream "Burn it! Burn it with fire!" I liked this piece overall, but there's one part that annoyed me. Something else that had long-lasting influence over software we still use today was the ADM-3A terminal. If you ever wondered why vi uses 'hjkl' as left,down,up,right - this is why. You won't find anyone who believes more strongly than I do in the importance of understanding our history. But understanding history is different than making a fetish of it, and this explanation tiptoes pretty close to the latter. OK, vi uses hjkl because the ADM-3A terminal didn't have arrow keys. But every keyboard for decades now has had arrow keys. Given that, what's the value in pretending they do not? This explanation basically boils down to "we do it that way because we've always done it that way," which is poor argumentation. It's also a good illustration of the distinction between 'easy' and 'efficient' - the modern cursor key layout, with the 'up' in front of the 'down', is obvious, intuitive, and easy to master. No argument. But it's not the most efficient layout - it's not possible to keep all four fingers on the four navigation keys - you have to settle for three fingers and move them around. And if you're typing and suddenly need to move, you have to move completely away from where you're typing and switch to the cursors. hjkl answers both issues - the four keys in a line make it possible to keep one finger on each and so move about as quickly as possible, without ever having to move from the text-entry part of the keyboard to any other. It's not as easy, not as obvious, but it's quicker and more efficient when you're used to it. Even on my modern keyboard, I go for hjkl far more than I reach for cursors. Well sure you do, because you have trained yourself to do that. But how many people can say that? And what's the value in leaving everybody else out when you design your tools? Anytime you talk about how UNIX-like systems have evolved, there's a danger of falling into the trap of hailing historical cruft as "misunderstood features." But at the end of the day, it's still just historical cruft. It's there, it won't kill anyone if it stays there, but it's not something awesome either. It's just an evolutionary dead-end; the male nipple of software design. Still - it is a good idea to steer users away from arrows, inclduing to disable them in default files if you're mentoring. Why? This is the line of thinking that I was intending to challenge. A wise man once said to me -- if the user and the software don't fit together elegantly, there's only two ways you can respond: by fixing the software, or fixing the user. In nearly every case, fixing the software to work the way the user expects is easier and cheaper than trying to fix every user who ever encounters it to work the way the program wants them to. Steering users away from arrows is trying to fix the user. It's pushing her away from what every other bit of software on her system , including the OS itself, has trained her to do, to a different pattern that this one program believes is better. WordPress too. In fact in WordPress the site root URL is stored in two separate configuration fields, so woe betide you if you rewrite one field and not the other. Thankfully the WP core devs seem to have been slowly cleaning stuff like this up over the last couple years. So even though this wart persists, I have hope it'll eventually get zapped. Definitely. I'd just be happy if you could get a mechanical keyboard that uses the layout that MS uses for its ergonomic keyboards, with the split keys and the height gently swelling in the center where the split is. (Look at the Natural Keyboard 4000 to see what I'm talking about: http://www.microsoft.com/hardware/en-us/p/natural-ergonomic-... ) Once you get used to typing on a keyboard that uses this layout, going back to a standard flat and un-split layout feels slow and painful. I love mechanical switches, but not enough to give up the much better layout of the Natural keyboards to get them. True, it's more than a map. It's a map AND a monthly bill! what does this mean? That Zynga will pay OMGPOP less than what we had heard? How can they do that? A writedown (see http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Write-off#Writedown ) means that they are revising the previously announced value of an asset they own downwards. It means the actual value of the asset has turned out to be less than they thought. It's important to investors because the value of company stock is based in part on the value of the company's assets, so if one of those assets turns out to be a lemon, the value of the company overall is less than it was, which can drive the stock down. how does this influence/affect the guys that came with the acquisition? The article says that the last $30 million of the acquisition price was structured as an "earn-out," meaning that to get it the OMGPOP unit would have to have met certain mutually agreed-upon performance benchmarks. If the value of OMGPOP today is that much less than it was six months ago, it's unlikely they've hit those marks, so that payment probably won't happen. For rank-and-file employees who didn't have an ownership stake in OMGPOP, there's less impact except insofar as it shows OMGPOP not performing, which increases the chance of Zynga dumping the unit, shaking up staff, bringing in new managers, etc. TechCrunch reported those numbers ($180M up front plus $30M earnout) as fact when the acquisition happened ( http://techcrunch.com/2012/03/21/done-deal-zynga-gets-draw-s... ). Of course, that story is from TechCrunch ("You got your speculation in my journalism! YOU got your journalism in my speculation! Wait, you're BOTH right!"), so it may not be the definitive statement it appears to be. The irony of these "static blogs are The Future" stories is that the first blogging software to get really popular, Movable Type, worked in exactly this way -- grinding out static files. Which led to everyone moaning and groaning about what a pain it was to have to wait for the site to rebuild when you made a change. Which led to WordPress, which used live queries against the database to avoid the need for rebuilding, being hailed as The Future. Which led to everyone moaning and groaning about how their blog would fall over anytime five people even thought about visiting it. Which led to tools like Jekyll, which grind out static pages, being hailed as The Future. Sometimes tech feels less like a story of progress and more like a merry-go-round... I don't know if the distinction is so much between "important" and "unimportant" as it is between "building games that amuse people" and "building games that function as electronic Skinner boxes." The butterfly keyboard is one of those fascinating little cul-de-sacs of computing history: a brilliant design that never went anywhere. But it sure made an impression; to this day I can't think of ThinkPads without thinking of it. Oh, in IBM history "Think" was much bigger than just notepads. "Think" was a command from venerated IBM founder Thomas J. Watson, and in the Olden Days IBM used to put that slogan on wall signs (see http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Think_%28IBM%29 ) that were hung EVERYWHERE. Even in the restrooms: ( http://www-03.ibm.com/ibm/history/ibm100/us/en/icons/think_c... ) In a restroom at IBM’s Watson Center, a supervisor had placed a sign above the sink. It had a single word on it—‘THINK!’ The next day, when he went to the restroom, right below the sign, immediately above the soap dispenser, someone had carefully lettered another sign that read— ‘THOAP!’ They also made desktoppers with the slogan for executives, and the story goes that you could tell how high up in the legendary IBM bureaucracy an IBMer was by how big and ornate his THINK sign was -- junior execs got tiny signs made of plastic, senior ones got big ones made of fancy woods and metals. No, but the GOP side does have a Bizarro version of him: http://www.businessinsider.com/unskewed-polling-dean-chamber... If only that setting was enabled by default , so that Jane would be protected from having her privacy abused so that a company can make a nickel. Ha ha! I know, crazy talk. Indeed. Or go work on software for manned space vehicles, or medical devices, or huge financial institutions, or anywhere where the consequence of bugs is "people die" or "national security is compromised" or "society collapses" or the like. I wonder if you couldn't formulate a rule to the effect of the more serious the task you are working on, the less you can afford to be optimistic. When Serious Things are on the line, you have to be a pessimist, because you have to find and root out all the possible weird failure cases before they bite you. When all that's on the line is a comment on someone's photo of their lunch, optimism is a more sustainable philosophy. This is a good idea; anything that makes it easier for Ubuntu users to support the distro financially, and thus help keep it moving forward, is a Good Thing. That being said, I'm extremely skeptical that donations will ever amount to a large enough amount to support Ubuntu all by themselves, or even to come close to doing so. They cite as inspiration the example of the Humble Bundles, but in those you get something in exchange for your money -- the bundle of software. There's nothing comparable here, it's just a straight donation, so use of it will probably be low at best. Not to mention that the biggest design problem with current bikes is that they are simultaneously fairly expensive (multiple hundreds of dollars, except for the lowest of the low end) and extremely easy to steal. If someone could make a reasonably reliable bike that's so cheap you wouldn't care if it got stolen, or an expensive bike that was extremely hard to steal, that would be a design improvement of the first magnitude. This would make more sense if being contacted by a Google recruiter was an honor limited to an Elite Few, and therefore the opinions of anyone who's experienced it would automatically be of interest. However, I've been contacted by Google recruiters twice, and I'm such a dumb-ass I'm consistently amazed I can walk around on two legs. If they've made their way down the "potential recruits" list all the way to me, it's safe to assume that they cast their net pretty wide. Because task lists can become a task in and of themselves. It's easy to fall into the trap of constantly "optimizing" (aka bikeshedding: http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Parkinson%27s_Law_of_Triviality ) the way you manage your to-do list. You try all sorts of different ways to note and sort your tasks, different task list management applications, and so forth, in search of The Perfect Task List. And then later on you look up and realize you lost more time managing your task list than you saved by having it in the first place. You're assuming the network has to cover the whole of the low-density country. The United States is an overall low-density country with high-density regions within it. The average density is pushed down by huge swaths of effectively empty territory between those regions. Using HSR to facilitate movement within the high-density regions can make sense, even if using it to facilitate movement from one high-density region to another doesn't. I would argue it wouldn't help that much, because the rest of the group would quickly start ignoring the designated devil's advocate's feedback. "Oh, don't mind him, he's just saying that because it's his job." Not that they wouldn't sit there and politely listen, of course (especially if he's a C-level exec), but unless he had some actual authority over the people he's advising they're not likely to think about what they hear. The gaming market would seem to be out, since Windows RT devices can only run apps distributed through the Windows App Store, and the Windows App Store refuses to carry any games rated as containing mature content ( http://www.rockpapershotgun.com/2012/10/11/windows-8-marketp... ). In other words, no matter how easy they would be to port, you couldn't make versions of Skyrim , Borderlands 2 , XCOM: Enemy Unknown , or Resident Evil 6 to run on Windows RT, simply because Microsoft will not allow you to sell them to Windows RT users. All those titles have content ratings higher than MS will allow for distribution through the App Store. Ruling out AAA titles feels like a pretty severe blow to any ambitions WinRT might have to be a gamer's OS. Which isn't to say they won't sell games for it; just that it won't be games driving the sales of WinRT devices. I was going off the PEGI ratings -- all the titles I cited are PEGI 18. Yes, it's still there, in the same way that MS-DOS was still there in your shiny new copy of Windows 95. And as with DOS in Win95, the primacy of the new environment lays down a clear marker that Microsoft is going in a different direction from now on, so if the "legacy" environment is the one you prefer you should start planning to either live without it or move to a different OS. You don't need a weatherman to know which way the wind blows, etc. How do you "acqui-hire" a bunch of people from a company without buying the company itself? Isn't that just, you know, hiring? But why would you want/need to do that? I'm not an expert on labor law, but AFAIK the company doesn't have any legal ownership claim to the employees or their services; employment in the US is at-will ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/At-will_employment ), so if Apple and a Color employee come to an agreement that the Color employee will go to Apple, Color doesn't have much say in the matter. There's no Reserve Clause ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Reserve_clause ) in tech. Maybe the employees signed a non-compete agreement, and what Apple is buying from Color is a waiver on those agreements? Non-competes don't have a great record of standing up in court, but OTOH $2 million split 20 ways isn't that much money per person either; might be considered cheaper than the risk of a legal challenge. I dunno. The reporting on this story could definitely do with some additional detail, but given how rapidly the story's been changing we may just have to wait an hour or two for that detail to be uncovered :D The question would be whether Amazon can go beyond deactivating individual titles and lock you out of or otherwise remotely disable the device itself. It would be a rude surprise to wake up one day and discover that your fancy e-reader has been turned into an expensive paperweight, even if you did have the ebook files backed up somewhere. The user had no copyright claim on that work, but he/she did have a reasonable expectation that a "purchased" good was hers to dispose of as she saw fit after completion of the sale, within the confines of the law. What people are objecting to is Amazon's redefinition of the rights of the seller at the expense of the rights of the buyer. It's been around for two years, but on a platform that nobody uses: Windows Phone. It's only been around for nine months or so on a platform with an actually significant number of users: XBox 360. It's coming soon to a platform with something like ten times the number of users the 360 has: Windows. So there's going to be a lot of people encountering it for the first time over the next few months. why include metro in the PC version? Because Microsoft is getting ready for the future, where non-PC computing devices will be far, far, far more important to most peoples' lives than PCs. Windows 8 is the beginning of Microsoft's play to be on those devices. That means that design considerations to make it work nicely on "post-PC" devices take precedence over design considerations to make it work on PCs. Windows 8 isn't a PC operating system with device-friendly concessions bolted on. It's a device operating system with PC concessions bolted on. The idea presumably is that the PC desktop piece of it will get smaller and less important as time goes on, then eventually become completely redundant and easy to drop altogether. In other words, the plan is to do to the WIMP interface what they did with the CLI interface of MS-DOS. Its death will be slow, quiet, and (they hope) painless. But it is definitely going to die. All third-party RT apps have to be Metro-style. Microsoft granted themselves an exception to that rule for Office RT and IE. One of the reasons that your site experienced problems was that there were some aspects of the site development that simply didn't scale. Like any scale-orientated PaaS, we can provide the infrastructure to enable you to scale but your code needs to work in partnership to fully achieve that. As Sean, my head SysAdmin wrote on a ticket to you, some of your pages were performing a sort on 188590 rows in memory each time. That just doesn't scale. From a customer service perspective, this comment leaves a really bad taste in my mouth. You guys say right on your home page that you're "infinitely scalable." And then if you click through to http://wpengine.com/scale-to-millions-of-hits-a-day-or-hour/ you read that WPEngine features "secret sauce" made of "one of the most scalable WordPress architectures on Earth" that makes you "faster and more scalable all the time." The (strong) implication being that any WordPress configuration will perform better on WPEngine than on an alternative hosting platform. So if someone comes to you with a WordPress configuration that you can't make "faster and more scalable" by running it on your platform, isn't The Right Thing To Do to say "oops, our bad, sorry we misled you" rather than blaming the customer for having a bad WordPress configuration? Because that's what you're doing here -- blaming the customer. In fact your comment basically boils down to three parts, only one of which is reassuring: * Paragraphs 1-4 translate to "we're a growing startup and growing customer support is hard," which frankly if I were a customer I wouldn't care about in the least. Scaling your business is your problem, not my problem. We know it's hard, but it's like Tom Hanks said in A League of Their Own ( http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=tPqYnC-SW5w ) -- there's no crying in business. * Paragraphs 5-7 translate to "your web site sucks, no wonder we couldn't scale it, nobody could," which is the blaming the customer part. I don't doubt that that is true (WP can be a real hog, especially if it's hacked up), but if you're advertising yourself as The People Who Can Scale WordPress, you shouldn't be surprised when people start coming to you with funky, hacked-up, hard-to-scale WordPress sites. Who else would someone with a site that can't scale go to but the scaling experts? When that happens it's OK to step back and say "we can't scale this," but it's not their fault for taking your marketing materials at their word. * It's not till Paragraph 8 that we get to the "let's try to make this right" part, which is where this comment should have started. I don't say this to be a pain or to make what I'm sure is already a difficult day worse. I'm saying it because I like what you guys are trying to do, and responses like this hurt you as much (if not more) as they help. I've had to deal with situations like this myself, and no matter how tempting it is to blame the customer -- even when the customer is manifestly at fault -- it never, ever, ever improves the situation. It just makes things worse, first by giving the angry customer something new to be angry about, and second by deflecting you from the more important question of what you can do to prevent the situation from happening again. In this case, for instance, better screening of incoming customers to ensure their sites really can be scaled on the WPEngine platform would filter out problems like this before they become problems. (IIRC you've already started doing this, by blacklisting a small set of known-bad plugins. Maybe that list needs to be beefed up?) But time spent sniping at customers is time not spent making those improvements happen. Well, it's your business, and advice on the Internet is worth as much as you paid for it. So don't worry, I don't take it personally if you disagree. That being said... No, there's no inference or implication that any WordPress configuration will scale on WP Engine. I would humbly suggest that your entire Web site is a refutation of this assertion. Even moving beyond the copy on the home page to the fine-print "Common Questions" section of http://wpengine.com/pricing/ , there's no disclaimer or other "are there WordPress configurations that WPEngine can't scale?" fine print. My point here isn't that you shouldn't promise scaling, it's that it's not hard to see how a mismatch could arise between your expectations (scaling is hard, customer code can make it harder) and customers' expectations (scaling is easy, WPEngine has figured it out). Jacques complained about lack of 24/7 support, but I shouldn't have tried to reply and explain the reason for that because 'there's no crying in business'. ????? Yes. If a customer complains about a lack of 24/7 support, you say "I'm sorry, but we're not in a position to provide that level of support at this time." And nothing else. The reason why you're not in a position to provide it is irrelevant to the customer, and risks sidetracking the conversation into a blind alley about the reasons. It also feels a little bit like pleading for understanding -- "cut us some slack, this stuff is hard!" -- which is off-putting. Of course it's hard, that's why people pay you to do it for them. WP Engine should vet and screen it's customers so that they must prove their code can scale before we sell them an account? ????? As I said, you already do some vetting by disabling plugins you know to be performance-killers. Look at this list: http://support.wpengine.com/disallowed-plugins/ , there's an entire category called "CPU/MySQL Thrashing Plugins." I'm not suggesting that you need to give your customers a full CIA background check before bringing them on board, but you've already moved beyond just taking whatever code customers throw at you. If there's other things that need to be disallowed to ensure that WP sites work on your platform, the thing to do is to find out what those things are and add them to the blacklist. Again, just my $0.02, IMHO, YMMV, IANAL, etc. On the other hand, in the paas industry, it should be axiomatic, i.e., understood by all competent parties, that horizontal scaling (the "infinitely scalable" bit) manifestly will NOT address problematic architectures, n+1 queries, full table scans, poorly/non-indexed schemas, etc. The problem with this is that the original post doesn't say "I have a site that was crashing and locking up all the time, so I took it to WPEngine." It says "I have a site that was running fine on a VPS at Linode, but I got tired of the hassle of managing the VPS, so I took it to WPEngine." The original post is written by the complainant, of course, so it's possible it's subjective or slanted. But if it's correct on this point, I don't think it's unreasonable for a competent party -- in this case, a person with a WordPress site that runs acceptably on a commodity VPS -- to expect that it would run acceptably on WPEngine as well. Presumably performance killers like the ones you cite would be just as bad on the VPS -- if not worse, since it's unlikely that a VPS' operator will be able to tune MySQL, PHP, Apache, etc. to the degree that an expert at a place like WPEngine would. There is generally more business to be found cleaning up piles of shit than there is shining stacks of gold. Or as they say in the UK: "Where there's muck, there's brass." http://www.phrases.org.uk/meanings/408900.html TL;DR Stalk them. Don't forget their even more infamous "Push media will kill the Web" story from 1997: http://www.wired.com/wired/archive/5.03/ff_push.html "The Web browser itself is about to croak. And good riddance." Ooooops. Answer: how much have you got? I don't understand the distinction made here between a craft and a pop culture. Popularity of a technique or tool can definitely matter to a craftsperson, as they directly impact the availability and cost, as well as the marketability of that craftsperson's skills. Crafts are social; craftspeople definitely pay attention to what their colleagues and competitors are thinking and doing, and trends come and go as opinion leaders and trendsetters rise and fall. The biggest distinction I can think of between a craft and a popular culture is that pop culture is most commonly experienced passively, via consumption, while being a craftsperson by definition involves active creation. So in this sense music is really two cultures: the culture of music creation, which is a craft, and the culture of music appreciation, which is a pop culture. Under most circumstances, I would agree with this analysis. Pushing the customer into doing what I think it was Joel Spolsky called "the dreaded market survey" is a terrible idea, because, as the article says, once you disrupt their normal workflow they're as likely to go with someone else's new alternative as with yours. The problem with applying this line of thinking to Windows 8 is that these days, for Windows, are not "most circumstances." Customers' routines have already been disrupted, they are already looking at other peoples' alternatives, and many are choosing them. So for Microsoft the issue isn't whether or not to let the gravy train roll on undisturbed, it's to do something to keep at least some of the gravy from spilling out. The cause of this disruption is two-fold -- first, the beginnings of a massive platform shift from PCs to mobile devices, and second, the feeling among most Windows users ever since XP or so that the Windows they already have is "good enough." This puts Microsoft in the awkward position of competing against both competitors with superior offerings for those customers who want something radically different, and themselves for those customers who are change-averse. All of which is why, in this particular case, just quietly sitting pat would have been a bad idea. It's debatable whether Windows 8 is the product that will square this circle -- that will make Microsoft relevant again to both those who want massive change, and those who want none at all -- but what I don't think is debatable is that they needed to at least try to create such a product if they wanted to defend their position in the marketplace. (Whether that product should have been called "Windows" is another story, but that's a subject for a separate rant.) A part which made more sense in the days when you could only read your local newspaper, so you didn't have easy access to the original story. When the original story is just a click away, a repackager only adds value if he/she expands on the original in some material way -- coming at the story from a different perspective, say, or adding facts or background information that were not present in the original. This post does none of that. It's a straight-up rewrite of the original, with no new contributions to the story. It makes the same points and even uses the same illustrations as the original. It does cite the original and link to it, but there's nothing in the new piece that would make it a more authoritative version of the story than the old one. I generally don't oppose people posting links to blogs, but in this case it really does seem like sending people straight to the original post would have been the classier thing to do. > Electronics aren't made to be dropped. And yet people drop them, all the time. So the philosophy of "build it as if it will never be dropped" may be worth re-examining. There are some advantages, at least in the case of a programmable mouse like the one in question. Once you've got all seven thousand buttons programmed Just So, you can then upload the profile to the cloud and have it automatically synced with any other machine you might happen to use the mouse with -- say, a PC at a LAN party. Of course, this is about as small as an advantage can get, since I'm struggling to think of a person who cares that much about their mouse profile who wouldn't also lug their own PC to the party. So it's not all disadvantages, it's just nearly all disadvantages. Orca had been conceived by two men—Romney's Director of Voter Contact Dan Centinello and the campaign's Political Director Rich Beeson... To build Orca, the Romney campaign turned to Microsoft and an unnamed application consulting firm. This sounds like a lot of failed IT projects in large corporations -- dreamed up by upper management types who don't know anything about tech, then farmed out to consultants and tech vendors for the actual implementation. The consultants and vendors then either proceed to wander in the weeds expensively due to lack of direction, or actively seize on the client's ignorance and take them for a ride. The problem is that the people nominally in charge of the project, the upper management types, don't have the experience or expertise to know they're getting taken for a ride until it's too late. So there's no way to hold the contractors accountable, or to get the train back on the rails once it's jumped off. Except Mitt Romney, apparently! there sure are a lot of people try to fuck up windows. It's much less of a problem on other operating systems. Possibly because Windows has many, many, many more users than other operating systems do. It's like the old urban legend about bank robber Willie Sutton ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Willie_Sutton ) answering a reporter's query about why he robbed banks with "because that's where the money is." Crapware vendors focus on Windows because that's where the users are. I don't know if the important thing is gestures per se so much as it is a sense of the theatrical. Actors are unique in the performing arts because they "play" two instruments simultaneously. The first and most obvious one is their voice. But the second is their body -- how they move, carry themselves, and relate physically to the other people on stage. A great actor can take the same words another actor just read and turn them into a completely different character, just by the way they use their body. When people think about public speaking they mostly focus on the voice, but just like in acting the body is important too. The great speakers know how to use the voice and the body together to reinforce the messages each sends to the audience. If you want to develop your skills with voice and body, acting classes can be a great way to do that, as can training in improv. In 1997, linux on the desktop was a niche market, only for people who didn't mind editing a text configuration file now and then. Nowadays, you give a desktop with Ubuntu to grandma and she'll be perfectly happy with it. The latter point (about Ubuntu being suitable for grandma) is true, but irrelevant. In 2012, Linux on the desktop is every bit as much a niche market as it was in 1997. That's fifteen years of hard work by lots of people that has won negligible market share. Which is a huge problem, if you care about Linux on the desktop. Moreover, there has definitely been an exodus of sorts, especially among developers. You see far, far more Apple machines in developers' hands in 2012 than you did in 1997. Some of these folks have switched from Windows, but a significant number switched from Linux or BSD. And losing developers means losing applications, which means even less likelihood of a market-share breakthrough. I don't work in the mobile-games space myself, but it feels to me like the real problem here is the massive collapse in accepted prices that market has seen. If people were willing to spend $10 on mobile games -- which is still 80% less than what AAA titles on console and PC cost! -- the "hit-driven" model he describes would be much more tenable. But when everything has to cost 99 cents there's just no way for anything other than a truly massive, once-in-a-lifetime hit to be worth it financially. shit WILL happen. The reason why the question about risks is asked is because one way you can tell a person with experience from a person without is that the person with experience can speak about risks in more detail than "shit happens." They can enumerate specific risks, make general predictions about which risks are more likely to hit them than others, and estimate the costs that would be incurred should such a hit happen. This indicates that the person has been around the block a few times and knows how to differentiate between large, real, business-killing risks and more theoretical ones. The opposite approach is to make bold statements like "no matter what happens, I'm going to make and deliver high quality shirts" with an obligatory disclaimer like "small hiccups will happen" tacked on afterwards. This communicates that you're aware that risks exist, but not what exactly they are, or which ones are the most dangerous to your business. Which sends the message that you haven't been around the block a few times. To be frank, it sounds like amateur hour. It doesn't surprise me that a potential backer would prefer the first type of response over the second. I would too. I dunno, there's some folks in Afghanistan and Iraq who did pretty good for themselves against our high-tech arsenal with just some old automatic rifles and homemade explosives. Vietnam, too. None of which is relevant to the original assertion, which was that defeating a modern army requires heavy armor (which we can use for discussion purposes as a proxy for the complete spectrum of modern, high-tech weapons) rather than small arms. The Chinese weren't funneling tanks to the Viet Cong, and the US wasn't funneling A-10s to the Afghan insurgents. It was small arms and man-portable weapons like mortars and MANPADs. And while those armies did eventually get arms supplies from abroad, in their early days they had to improvise. Viet Cong fighters early in that war, for instance, had to scrounge old French weapons or even homemade shotguns fashioned from galvanized pipe. The Iraqis' first IEDs were jerry-rigged artillery shells lifted from abandoned army depots. The foreign arms pipelines generally don't open up for a revolutionary army until it's proven it can fight and win at a small scale on its own. Everyone keeps talking about the 'white guy' as if there's only one type of person who is white and male. This argument reminds me of the classic scene from The Blues Brothers : "We got both kinds of music here: country AND western!" http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=cSZfUnCK5qk if you're explicitly aiming to have a certain representation of all people, unless there's some bizarre statistical anomaly, there will be token people. But women should not be among them, surely? According to the Office for National Statistics (see http://www.ons.gov.uk/ons/rel/pop-estimate/population-estima... ), in 2011 the population of England and Wales was 50.8% female and only 49.2% male. So the bizarre statistical anomaly would be a BritRuby panel of fifteen speakers with no women, or even one woman. That screenshot looks less like "Firefox displays horribly with retina scaling" and more like "everything other than Safari displays horribly with retina scaling." Which Apple may consider a feature rather than a bug :-D Congratulations, you just invented JSON-RPC ( http://www.jsonrpc.org/ ). I can't speak for gfosco, but my guess would be that it's because in IDE-land "cross-platform" frequently means "written in Java" (as with Eclipse, NetBeans, etc.), with all the performance issues and not-quite-perfect platform look and feel that implies. I had someone look me in the eye and tell me that at age 32 I was "over the hill." (Wasn't at a YC company, though.) That was five years ago, so I can only assume that now I'm completely useless for anything beyond gumming food into a paste-like consistency. Google likes to hire young so they can brainwash you into being "googly." Same with other companies. Once your brain thinks you need six TPS reports every day, it's not worth fixing you when we can hire younger, unbroken people. VCs love 'em young. Sequoia bluntly states they prefer to fund two guys working from a dorm room. The flip side of this analysis would be: YC and Sequoia prefer to fund kids because kids are easier to manipulate. Kids don't know how to read a contract or a term sheet. Kids don't know how to protect their own interests in their business when accepting funding. Kids don't know how to play hardball in negotiations. Kids, in other words, are very easy to use as disposable resources. (Indeed, with appropriate conditioning you can even convince them to believe that becoming a disposable resource is a sign of their Epic Founderhood.) Someone who's seen peers get screwed over in previous gigs, or who's been screwed over themselves, is going to have learned a few things about how not to get screwed over the next time. So it's more profitable to deal with people who haven't learned those lessons yet. And once they have learned those lessons, you throw them overboard and replace them with the next batch of dewey-eyed innocents. People are incredibly clumsy with phones. Which seems like a pretty good argument for not wrapping them in glass. Too often in technology we build things that are fragile, and then blame the user when she breaks them. Tools should be designed to work with the user as they are, rather than as we would wish them to be. In January, Surface with Windows 8 Pro will be available in two versions and pricing will start at $899. Ouch. The problem is that the pricing puts it into a weird space in the market. If you want to use it as a laptop, you have to add one of the covers (the $120 Touch Cover or $130 Type Cover) so you have a keyboard, and that puts the price of the package over $1,000. You can get a "real" laptop (even a Macbook Air!) for less than that. An argument could be made that Surface Pro isn't just a laptop, but a laptop plus a tablet, in which case the appropriate price comparison would be the cost of a Macbook and an iPad. But the extra horsepower the Surface would require to run like a laptop would mean lower battery life and greater weight. So you get a tablet, but one that's less appealing than a tablet designed to only be a tablet. Anecdotally even Windows Phone is getting more interest from our corporate clients, all (literally all) of our BB customers are seeing RIM as dead in the water and looking to move away. This is the real challenge RIM faces -- in an ecosystem-based market people's buying decisions are driven as much by the health of the overall ecosystem as by the merits of an individual product within it. So when it becomes conventional wisdom that your ecosystem is unhealthy, you enter a death spiral: people won't buy your products because the ecosystem is unhealthy, but the only way to improve the health of the ecosystem is to get people to start buying your products again. It's brutal. The only way out of it is to come up with a product that nails absolutely everything: great hardware, great software, great third-party support, great price. I'm not sure anyone's ever managed to pull that off, though. Palm tried with their webOS devices, but while the software on those was excellent and the price was reasonable, the hardware was abysmal and the third-party support anemic. So they weren't enough to pull Palm out of the death spiral. This is a good point, and one that I should have thought of in my original comment: an alternate strategy is to keep the company alive by retreating to a defensible position, a niche that you own in some way that makes you a compelling alternative for customers in that niche, and then focus all your energies on owning the shit out of that niche. It's less ambitious, and the upside is smaller, but the risk of total failure is smaller too. That's essentially what Jobs did with Apple -- we think of Apple as a huge success under his leadership, but that didn't really happen until they entered a different market with the iPod. Before then he kept them alive by giving up their ambitions to compete with Microsoft for the PC business in general and focusing their business on a few strong, high-margin products distinguished by classy design. They weren't enough to make Apple dominant again, but they were enough to keep the company afloat. And yet the airlines move a huge volume of people from point A to point B safely, reliably and inexpensively every day, at speeds and scale which would stagger the airline moguls of the 1930s. Does that make airplane nerds like me who think the DC-3 is a good approximation of The Perfect Airplane (rugged, reliable, beautiful) sad? Sure it does. But all those passengers aren't sad. A DC-3 trip from New York to California was a bumpy, sixteen-hour flight with multiple stops for refueling. The same trip on a 757 is a smooth ride above the weather that only takes a few hours and has no stops. And it's cheaper too -- that 1930s trip would have cost more than $4,000 in today's dollars. The 757 ride costs around $550. This is what happens when industries mature: they become safer, cheaper, and boring. Yes. It's called Movable Type. http://www.movabletype.org/download.html If you wait long enough, everything old becomes new again :D Maybe the problem isn't with the engineers, but with your startup. Being compensated through equity is a gamble. Most times it doesn't pay off. So many more startups fail than succeed that the odds are heavily stacked against those options ever being worth anything. Sometimes people are willing to take that gamble anyway, in spite of the horrible odds, because they believe in the business. They look at the product, the founders, and the rest of the team, and think "this is going to be one of the ones that succeeds" -- strongly enough that they're willing to bet their own money (in possibly lost compensation) on the outcome. If you're showing talented people your idea, or your product, or your team -- or yourself -- and they're not coming away convinced that what you're showing them is good enough to justify taking that risk, maybe it doesn't mean that they're lamers who don't understand startup culture. Maybe it means they looked at what you showed them and decided that it wasn't a horse worth betting on. So they'll work for you for salary, which they can put in the bank the moment you give it to them, but not equity. If that happens consistently, maybe it's time to step back and look more holistically at your business. If you can't convince potential employees to bet on you, you might have set your product up in such a way that you'll have trouble convincing potential customers to bet on you too. As a build-your-own-box type guy myself, this doesn't particularly bother me, for two reasons. First, it's extremely rare (in my experience, anyway) to want to upgrade the CPU of an existing machine without also upgrading the motherboard. Usually by the time CPUs have advanced far enough to justify upgrading, there's also new connectors, faster memory interfaces, etc. out as well that would require a new mobo to take advantage of. If you skip the mobo upgrade and just buy the CPU, you risk just moving the system's performance bottleneck around. Second, installing the CPU onto the motherboard is easily the trickiest, most delicate part of building your own PC. In an age when everything else plugs together with idiot-proof plugs and sockets, CPUs still have a forest of fragile pins on the bottom that can easily be bent or broken. You also have to manually add thermal protections like fans, heat sinks, thermal paste, etc., which all require selection and installation; if the CPU came pre-installed on the mobo, you could skip all that hassle completely. Avoid making a database connection when your request doesn’t need it. And when your request does need it, you should prefer mysql_pconnect() over mysql_connect() for the simple reason that it potentially shaves some execution time off the connection part. Actually you should avoid using both mysql_pconnect and mysql_connect, because they're both functions from the deprecated old mysql library of database functions. The preferred way to deal with MySQL databases in 2012 is to use either PDO ( http://php.net/manual/en/book.pdo.php ) or the "improved MySQL" library ( http://php.net/manual/en/book.mysqli.php ), both of which are better architected and give you access to things like prepared statements that the old mysql library does not. There's really no good reason to be using the old mysql library at this point. Unfortunately, however, there's a vast amount of ancient PHP tutorials, code snippets, and other copypasta floating around out there that uses it, so people who don't know better still pick it up. We forget that geeks are hopelessly outnumbered by normals and they are the ones Apple is targeting and reaping the rewards. This was always Steve Jobs vision and it's not like it was a secret. Nah, Steve Jobs' vision wasn't to make computers for "normals." That was Jef Raskin's ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Jef_Raskin ) vision. Steve Jobs' vision was to make computers for Steve Jobs. SodaStream does offer a real-sugar cola syrup now (see http://www.sodastreamusa.com/Naturally-Sweetened-Cola-P330.a... ), and it does indeed taste noticeably superior to their other cola offerings. The downsides are that it's twice as expensive and can be difficult to find at retail. Just because there may be things to learn on the moon doesn't mean we have to send humans there to learn them. Robots would work just as well in most cases. And since sending robots is cheaper than sending people, we could send more robots for the same amount of money, thus increasing the amount we learn. I would imagine chlamydia is more popular than GoDaddy among Hacker News users... I'm not; if the experience of the last big entrant to try streaming games, OnLive, is any indication, that kind of service is an absolute furnace for cash. The Verge reported that at its height, OnLive was burning through $5 million per month to support a measly 1,600 concurrent users ( http://www.theverge.com/2012/8/28/3274739/onlive-report ). It's possible that smarter architecture could bring that figure down; OnLive needed to have a physical machine for every concurrent player (!). And OnLive made plenty of other mistakes that a smart business like Valve might avoid. But even if you did everything right it still sounds like running a streaming games service at a profit with today's tech would be a serious challenge. Then those authors are idiots. Libraries pay for their books, they don't seize them for free through some kind of literary eminent domain. If their argument is that it should be illegal for anyone to share a book that they've paid for with someone else, that would be a radical redefinition of what it means to "own" a book. It's how enterprise customers know you are Serious Business (TM). In fairness to the WordPress developers, the quality of the product has been pretty consistently getting better over the last few years. There's still plenty of warts, of course, but that seems true of just about every widely used piece of software -- bad decisions early on in development become very hard to walk back later when any of millions of sites/themes/plugins/etc. could turn out to be depending on that bad decision being there... Just sandboxing what changes themes can make to the behavior of the system would be a win. As far as WordPress is concerned today, there's "themes" and there's "plugins", but there's no separation of what those two things can do -- plugins can change the site's look and feel, themes can change how the site (and WordPress itself!) works. As far as WP itself is concerned they're both just big bags of PHP code that can do anything PHP can do. That leads to all sorts of debugging fun when something weird is happening, and opens up naïve users who assume that a "theme" is somehow safer than a "plugin" (because all themes do is change the look and feel, right?) to security risks from downloaded or hacked-up themes. Much like Drupal, WordPress can be bent into something vaguely resembling a framework, if you're the type of person who enjoys that sort of thing. But being the type of person who likes using WordPress as a general-purpose framework is sort of like being the type of person who enjoys being tied up and beaten with a rubber hose. It's a weird, weird kink. You're looking for Piwik ( http://piwik.org/ ), which is awesome. I agree with Anil 110% that the Web he's talking about was, in many, many ways, a Better Web than the one we have today. The problem is that it's worse than the one we have today in the only way that most people care about: it's harder. To participate, it expected you to know how to do a bunch of things that seem trivial to tech folks but frighteningly complicated to everybody else. You had to buy a domain. You had to choose a Web host. You had to know how to connect the domain to the Web host. You had to choose the right software to do what you wanted to do. You had to install that software, and configure it properly. The reason hosted services became popular is because they let you skip all that stuff. You fill out a form and you're up and running. Someone else worries about all that other stuff for you. This makes those services accessible in a way that the Web of 2000 was not. Of course, to get that accessibility, the hosted services make you give up a lot of things. You lose access to your raw data. You lose your privacy. You lose the ability to change vendors if the one you're on turns evil. But to non-technical people, those losses aren't obvious. They don't understand what they've lost until losing those things turns around and bites them. It's like DRM: people don't understand why DRM-encumbered music downloads are bad until their iPod dies and they want to move their iTunes-bought music to an Android phone. "What do you mean I can't do that? " is what you hear the moment the penny drops. But before then, they don't understand the risk. This is what will need to be overcome to make tomorrow's Web like yesterday's was: it'll need to be as easy for people to use as today's is, or you'll need to educate the entire world about why they should put up with it not being that easy. Otherwise people will keep on blindly stumbling into the heavily-advertised walled gardens, not realizing that's what they're doing until the day they decide they want to leave, and can't. I knew someone was going to pick this nit :-D I just feared overloading an already-herniated comment with additional verbiage. Sorry about that. For the record: yes, if you buy a track from the iTunes Music Store today, it is most likely DRM-free. However, people who have been active ITMS customers over the years are likely to have purchased at least some DRM-encumbered tracks before Apple moved away from DRM. WordPress is actually a good example. There's the self-hosted software distributed at WordPress.org, which works in the Web 2000 fashion (here's some software, figure the rest out yourself). And there's the hosted service at WordPress.com, which works in the walled-garden fashion (though with liberal allowances for things like getting at your data, which is nice). Lots of people run their own WordPress installations, but very, very few of them manage to do it well -- properly locking the software down, keeping the core and plugins up to date with security patches, putting the admin area behind SSL, etc. Which is why there's so many hacked WordPress sites out there. I was very careful to say the hosted services make you give up a lot of things rather than you have to give up a lot of things , because it's not necessarily true that you must lose those things to get the easier experience. The services just want you to, because it makes life simpler for them technically (reliable interop is hard) and gives them extra ways to make money off you. Yeah, when the 2000 Web was flourishing, all you heard about from the neckbeards was how the same people had killed Usenet: http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Eternal_September To a certain degree every generation thinks the Net it grew up with is the Real Net, and the Net that came afterwards is a wasteland. It's only an option if you can turn it off. Not to mention that the weapons stored in the schools would be a tempting target for theft, or for commandeered use by a hostile intruder. After all, how elaborate are the protections they are stored behind likely to be? Not very, when you consider that (1) if the weapons are ever needed they'll need to be able to be gotten to fast , and (2) the people responsible for storing them are going to be middle school administrators, not military quartermasters. If you fail to store it securely, it could be stolen and used against me. If you fail to operate it properly, I could be struck by a bullet fired by you at somebody else. 2nd Amendment absolutists love talking about their rights, but spend precious little time talking about the responsibilities that come with them. Which are (or should be) significant, when the right you are talking about is the right to wield a lethal weapon. It's how marketers market themselves. I think you will find there's lots of people on HN who would love to see Microsoft hit a home run. Surface was highly buzzed-over, as were Windows Phone 7/8. There is genuine interest in the developer community for a really good alternative to the Apple & Google duopoly. The problem is that Microsoft isn't providing a really good alternative. The buzzed-about products have all followed a depressingly similar trajectory: highly interesting on the drawing board, but then crippled on launch by some element of the product that MS just didn't get right. Windows Phones were hard to find on some carriers, for instance, and lacked apps. (This oversight was understandable for Windows Phone 7; less so for 8.) Surface manages to be too expensive to compete with tablets and too limited to compete with ultrabooks. And so on. Say what you want about Apple and Google, but they at least know who their customers are and consistently nail the things those customers care about. Apple customers are consumers, so their products are heavy on style and sex appeal. Google customers are carriers, so their products are heavy on customizability and adaptable across a lot of form factors and spec sheets. Microsoft's non-developer customers are... well, Microsoft doesn't really seem to know, and the products show it. They're a mishmash of interesting ideas and half-baked execution. Which makes them hard to cheer for, or to justify buying. Or with how guns could be used as props around which she could construct a new self-image for herself: I fell in love with guns from the first shot. It’s hard to explain what it was that did it... That I, a historically scrawny, weak nerd who’d been the prey to all sorts of danger, could now be the danger... Guns seemed the pinnacle of virility, and the ultimate way for me to be a badass woman—a tough girl in a man’s world, just a hair shy of being an actual man. (Which, in her defense, is the same thing a lot of male gun owners get out of them. They're not shooting because they love shooting, they're shooting because they love the image of themselves that holding a gun plants in their head.) Yup. When it described SlideShare as a "social content destination site" I knew this post would take me deep into Bat Country. In this framework, a representative exists as an "aggregator of wills". No. A representative in a representative democracy is not a simple aggregation of the wills of the people they represent. A representative is chosen to bring their own judgment to the questions the collective group faces, while balancing that judgment with the desires of the group. This is important because (as any software product manager will tell you) people don't always know what they want. They may think they do, but maybe they're confused, or they only know part of the story. Sometimes two things they think they want conflict with each other. The job of the representative is to sort through all those impulses and then make an informed decision about what policies will get the group closest to the group's overall priorities. You would be surprised if you go out and talk to voters on a given election day how many of them will say to you "I disagree with Candidate X's position on , but I'm voting for him anyway because I think he's a good person." What they're saying is that they trust the candidate's judgment, and that's more important to them than how the candidate stands on a checklist of issues. This may seem naïve, but it's actually what makes representative democracy different from direct democracy; you're not voting on an issue, you're placing your trust in someone you believe in to speak for you on it. There's a flip side, though: digital material is also easier to copy than physical material. This means copies are more likely to get made, which means it's less likely that the loss of any one copy will totally remove the material from the historical record. The site notices have steadily become larger and more intrusive over time, which imposes an increasing cognitive burden on the reader. I wasn't aware that Jaron Lanier was ever really for the Web. The things he's known for -- art games for the Commodore 64, early work on virtual reality, consulting on Second Life and Kinect, etc. -- are not really Web things. They're rooted more in the older William Gibson-style vision of completely immersive digital environments, rather than in hypertext. Which makes it a bit unconvincing to call him "the double agent, who, from a position deep inside, turns against the ideology he once professed fealty to." His ideology has always been orthogonal to the ideology the Web came out of. Internet2 is not "of the Web" either; it's focused more on developing out the IP network itself than on any particular application that runs over IP (of which the Web is one). I'm not familiar with the work of the National Tele-immersion Initiative, but from the name it certainly sounds like it's more interested in the type of full-sensory environments Lanier has usually been associated with than with hypertext applications. The headline would be more persuasive if the article offered anything other than anecdotal evidence that Mint is picking up significant numbers of disgruntled ex-GNOME 3 & Unity users. But it doesn't. Only share actionable anxieties. Just because an anxiety is not actionable by you does not mean that it is not actionable by someone else. And one way you, who lack the means to solve the problem, can motivate people who can to do so is by raising the profile of the problem. Writing about it is a way to do that. When Thomas Paine wrote of "the summer soldier and the sunshine patriot" in The American Crisis , he didn't have any direct way to stop soldiers from deserting from George Washington's army because the weather was cold and the fighting was rough. All he could do was highlight the problem of desertion and point out the consequences of their actions. Does that mean he shouldn't have written it? The uneven-but-mostly-OK post-apocalypse show Jeremiah ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Jeremiah_%28TV_series%29 ) dealt with this problem in a better way: the Apocalypse MacGuffin was a disease that killed everyone who had been through puberty. The show was set 15 years after the "big death", so the characters were all people who had been too young to understand how these things worked when they were still working. (Some were smart enough to figure the basics out, of course, which made them highly valuable.) And canal projects like the Erie Canal ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Erie_Canal ), which opened in 1821. For another interesting look at the subject of travel times, check out Stanford's ORBIS ( http://orbis.stanford.edu/#map ), which lets you estimate travel times from one point in the Roman Empire circa 200 AD to another, based on several common modes of travel. What's fascinating is how little transportation changed between 200 and 1800. Sixteen hundred years pass and the basic means of getting around are still the same: foot, horse, cart, boat. Then in the hundred years after that there comes an explosion of new options: bicycle, rail, automobile, airplane. Gives some perspective on how relatively new the travel technologies we take for granted today actually are. That's not really a skew so much as a reflection of the realities of the time, though. If you were lucky enough to want to go somewhere along a canal route, you traveled fast; otherwise you traveled slow. (Which meant most trips were slow.) Attention to goods and other point pairings probably matter a lot when you get to 1857. I expect internal communications, of goods, in the South reflected high proximity to the nearest port, and that NY was essentially on the other side of the moon. Whereas the North was probably much more homogenous in its travel times (proportionately more railroad, less river) -- but largely isolated from the South. You might be surprised. Antebellum New York actually had strong commercial ties to the South, primarily from acting as a distribution center for Southern cotton to the rest of the North. These ties were so strong that Fernando Wood, the mayor of New York City during the secession crisis, actually led a short-lived movement to take New York out of the Union and establish it as a neutral "free city" so that it could continue in the cotton trade. (See http://opinionator.blogs.nytimes.com/2011/01/06/first-south-... for a good account of this period.) There was actually a fair bit of support in the city for Wood's plan until the Confederates fired on Fort Sumter, setting off a wave of pro-Union support in the North that swamped it. If only he would share some of that context in the actual posts. Reading them is like watching someone argue with another person you can't see or hear. Spam is not an unwanted email. As a professional in this field, I assume you are aware that "spam" is also known as "UCE", which stands for "unsolicited commercial email," and "UBE", which stands for "unsolicited bulk email." Note how "unsolicited" is right there in both of them. The number one sales technique of shaking hands and smilling is equal to sending a friendly cold email. The difference between "shaking hands and smiling" and what you are describing is that shaking hands and smiling is something you do one-to-one. Buying a list and blasting email to it is not. It's not personal, it's not individual. It's more like using a dialer to blast faxes to fax machines than any one-on-one salesmanship. And more importantly, you're not allowing people to opt out. There are a range of body language indicators and other social cues that people can use to tell you your smile and handshake are not wanted. Someone who happens to end up on a list you bought has no such recourse. hold on. I'm not finished. Say I sent them a monthly newsletter of things they can do to improve the quality of life for their disabled children. Right on the middle of the newsletter is an advertisement for my app. Am I spamming then? Yes. Yes you are. Ethical marketers build their list via opt-in mechanisms. Your mechanism is the opposite: you assume everyone on your purchased list wants your messages, and force them to opt out if they do not. In other words, you are creating work for the people on your list who don't want your messages. Which means that for those folks, not only are you not adding value to their lives, you are subtracting value by creating a new problem they have to deal with where none existed before. Marketing, believe or not, is what puts your food on your table. Not your precious code... You would not even be a programmer if some marketing guy had not managed to successfully market computers... In my experience, the people who shout most loudly about their sterling ethics and critical importance are usually the least ethical and least important. YMMV, of course. I don't know if that thought experiment really understands what "innovation" means, though. An alternative thought experiment, proposed by economist Robert Gordon (see http://krugman.blogs.nytimes.com/2012/08/28/is-economic-grow... ), gets closer to the heart of the matter: You are required to make a choice between option A and option B. With option A you are allowed to keep 2002 electronic technology, including your Windows 98 laptop accessing Amazon, and you can keep running water and indoor toilets; but you can’t use anything invented since 2002. Option B is that you get everything invented in the past decade right up to Facebook, Twitter, and the iPad, but you have to give up running water and indoor toilets. You have to haul the water into your dwelling and carry out the waste. Even at 3am on a rainy night, your only toilet option is a wet and perhaps muddy walk to the outhouse. Which option do you choose? I'm amazed that the author of this piece managed to write all those words analogizing 2013 to 1913 without ever mentioning the huge, obvious difference between the two eras: the existence of nuclear weapons. Those weapons create pressures against direct state-on-state confrontation that simply did not exist in 1913. Europe in 1913 was a collection of feuding empires rather than a semi-unified entity like it is today. Britain, France, Germany, Italy and Russia all had commercial and geopolitical interests that conflicted with each other, and a long history of fighting major wars in pursuit of those interests. Additionally, the United States at the time was coming out of a long period of isolation and beginning to flex her muscles in Latin America and the Pacific. The American victory over Spain in the Spanish-American War ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Spanish%E2%80%93American_War ) demonstrated that the US was willing to fight established European powers, and could win. Similarly, Japan was relatively small economically, but by 1913 she had inflicted a major defeat on Russia in the 1904-05 Russo-Japanese War ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Russo-Japanese_War ), making her another rising power. Where are the panties in True & Co.’s business model? True & Co. launched in May yet they are still not selling any panties to go with the bras they sell. For every bra a woman buys, she probably buys at least 5 pairs of panties. Also, panties have much better margins than bras. This is basic business strategy that has evaded the founders of True & Co. as well as the VCs who backed them. I wonder if this sort of thing isn't a symptom of the way the VC sphere is playing in places outside the players' experience. By any reasonable measure True & Co. is a retail business, not a tech business. (An online questionnaire does not a tech business make.) Neither of its founders are retail people, though -- one was a Bain Capital accountant, the other a program manager at Microsoft ( http://money.cnn.com/2012/10/04/smallbusiness/true-bra-lam.f... ). And their experience in the lingerie business appears to be limited to spending two months chatting up existing Bay Area lingerie vendors ( http://mashable.com/2012/05/30/true-and-co/ ). If someone told me they were about to Revolutionize An Industry other than their own based on two months of research and a web form, I would be highly skeptical. It sounds too much like the most ridiculous dot-bombs of the 1990s. But these issues don't appear to have hurt their funding any -- probably because it's not like the VCs came out of retail either. To them it's just another Industry To Be Disrupted (insert details here). "Don't worry about people stealing an idea. If it's original, you will have to ram it down their throats." -- Howard H. Aiken, designer of the Harvard Mark I computer ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Howard_H._Aiken ) Someone told me earlier today that 'Starting Rails today is like starting to watch a soap opera in the 7th season.' Like most witty statements, there’s both truth and falsehood here. But, as a newcomer, how do you pick between the 37signals Stack and the Prime Stack? How many parts of Rails can you swap out before it stops being Rails? Maybe the simplest solution here would be to call the Prime Stack something different. Even "Rails Prime" would work. Just some nomenclature that says to people "hey, just so you know, what I'm going to talk about here is different than what 37signals is talking about." One message I'd like people to understand when they're starting out with Rails is that it really is confusing, and that being confused and maybe even feeling stupid is normal! But if you care about Rails uptake, aren't those bad things ? People don't like being confused. People don't like feeling stupid. If their initial impression of a system is "this is confusing" or "this makes me feel stupid," many if not most will simply go look for an alternative that isn't confusing and doesn't make them feel stupid, even if that alternative is inferior in other ways that aren't immediately apparent to the newbie. "Collusion" seems like overstating the case a little to me. I'd be more shocked if the opposite were true -- if the site publisher wanted to remove a comment, and Disqus, for whatever reason, wouldn't let them. Disqus isn't supposed to be making editorial decisions on their customers' sites; if someone wants to be an idiot and moderate out non-cheerleading comments, it's not Disqus' place to override that decision. Why would they be? Sites using Disqus can moderate their own comments, and Disqus claims to do no moderation beyond that -- see http://help.disqus.com/customer/portal/articles/466223-who-d... . I suppose you could come up with a theory where The Atlantic talked/bribed Disqus into doing the moderation for them, but it seems much more straightforward to assume that it's the admins at The Atlantic who were filtering comments. Your overall point is correct, but your "under Windows" example is oversimplified. The Windows user still needs to know: 1) What an "installer" is 2) Where on the filesystem it goes when it's downloaded 3) How to navigate to that location in Explorer 4) That double-clicking the installer runs it etc. Some of these are things that you can learn from general Windows usage, but then the same could be said of several of the points you listed under Linux. And there are alternate approaches to installing software in Linux (like Ubuntu's Software Center) that remove the command-line, piping, grep, etc. Seriously. Take a look at the official site for the excellent open-source Windows graphics editor Paint.NET, for instance: http://www.getpaint.net/ Now tell me where you are supposed to click to download the actual application. It confuses me, and I'm an experienced user who knows to look out for these sorts of things. I have no idea how normal people ever find the damn thing. My question is: whose fault is this? Is it Paint.NET's, for allowing the ads onto their site? Or is it the ad network's (Google, in this case), for accepting the ads into their network? The problem is that Google makes money from these ads, and these ads have fantastic clickthrough rates. If they banned these types of ads, they'd make less money. This is how industries get regulated -- when they refuse to regulate themselves. I hope Google realizes that and takes action on their own initiative... The same is true of another great movie, Citizen Kane . It invented many elements of the modern movie (cinematographer Gregg Toland's contributions especially -- http://magazine.creativecow.net/article/depth-of-field-gregg... ), but since those elements have all become standard parts of mainstream filmmaking they don't shock audiences they way they did when it came out in 1941. "Some people say..." openings can be problematic, because they can get the reader wondering, who? Who says that? Which pulls them away from the point you're trying to make. Better to start with a specific example of someone saying it: "John Smith thought men couldn't get breast cancer. On April 5, he found out he was wrong." I really like the idea of jumping straight into a scenario (or anecdote), I remember having been suggested by my teachers in middle school to do so. Yeah, this is an effective technique that's nearly as old as storytelling itself. It's called in medias res : http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/In_medias_res The name is Latin for "into the middle of things," which describes the idea: throw the reader into the middle of the story first, revealing earlier events later on where necessary. This lets you open on a dramatic note right away, which grabs the reader's attention, while setting up little enigmas -- who is this person? Why is she doing what she's doing? What does she want? -- for the reader to solve, which keeps them involved. You will be tempted to tell them about things that you hope will happen (e.g. “I think we’re going to be able to get you a nice raise this year”) Don’t do it. Either it won’t come through and they’ll be disappointed, or it will come through and they will have gotten their hopes up for even more. I read a good book once by a defector from the Soviet military, explaining the lessons he'd learned as an officer on the other side of the iron curtain (this one: http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Inside_the_Soviet_Army ). In it he described one thing he'd learned about how to lead people: Always try to remember the golden rule of controlling others -- NEVER PROMISE ANYONE ANYTHING! If you are able to do something for another person -- do it, without having made any promises. From this first rule there follows a second -- NEVER THREATEN ANYONE! You can punish someone and, if you consider it necessary, you should do so. But promises and threats simply weaken your authority as a commander. (The full text of that chapter from the book is here: http://militera.lib.ru/research/suvorov12/08.html ) This is true in civilian life, too. Promises and threats are just wind that people blow when they can't do what they really want to do. Leaders with real power don't threaten to fire someone; they just fire them. They don't promise to give raises; they just give them. People understand this, and if you lean on promises and threats, it makes them subconsciously evaluate you as weak, ineffectual. Someone who it's not really necessary to listen to. "As for the fetishization of 'democracy' in Kerr's post, sometimes elections produce good outcomes. But often the wisdom of crowds isn't so wise" Well, yes, but that's why we do the whole voting thing again after a period of time, rather than just once. Democracy isn't a means to ensure bad decisions won't get made, it's a means to ensure they can be un-made. "Many times, perhaps most times, the crowd votes after someone bold has already moved and shown the way. That's what Swartz was doing." You missed the point of Kerr's argument, which was that what you describe isn't what Swartz was doing. You're describing a Rosa Parks strategy -- do the minimum necessary to break an unjust law in order to elicit punishment, and therefore draw attention to the law's unjustness. If that's your strategy, the prospect of going to jail isn't a defeat, it's a victory. But Swartz, Kerr argues, wasn't following that strategy; he was doing something different. He did much more than the bare minimum necessary to elicit punishment, and his actions indicate that the prospect of going to jail represented an interruption of his plans, rather than the culmination of them. Swartz was not acting in the grand tradition of civil disobedience in which one willingly draws punishment to bring attention to the unjustness of the law. In his own words, he didn’t want to “just send a strong message opposing the privatization of knowledge.” Rather, he wanted to change the facts on the ground to make his preferred world a fait accompli. That is, he wanted to make the laws unenforceable, winning the debate unilaterally outside of Congress. In this line of thinking, Swartz isn't Rosa Parks; he's Al Capone, if you can think of Capone's flooding the streets of Chicago with bootleg booze as a protest against Prohibition. Effective? Sure; the cops can't bust everyone if there's a speakeasy on every corner, and if the law is being routinely flouted by millions every day its absurdity is obvious. But because it involves doing much more than the minimum required to violate the law, this is something qualitatively different from civil disobedience. "For some reason, Apple is not only never allowed to fail, it's [sic] success's [sic] are quickly glossed over while competing products like the Microsoft Surface are lauded as products of the future... Apple is damned if it does and is damned if it doesn't." What the what? Pretty much all the tech industry has talked about for the last ten years has been Apple's successes; it's the failures that are quickly forgotten. The failures cited in the article (MobileMe, Ping, and the G4 Cube) have all completely dropped from public conversation, but people still regularly talk about their Next Big Thing being "the iPod of [insert industry here]" and Apple is routinely cited as the Gold Standard of product design. And besides all that, there's the absolute truckloads of money Apple takes home every day, which I would think would ease the sting of the occasional negative story somewhat. I mean, come on. I'm old enough to remember a time when Apple fans really could argue honestly that the company was under siege from a hostile commentariat. But those days ended a long time ago. This explanation is oversimplified. Unionization had less to do with it than traditional DC power politics did. There had been a small group of members of Congress who had been pushing for the merger of the various independent agencies into a single Cabinet-level department since the early 1990s. Partly this was due to a sincere concern over terrorist incidents like the first World Trade Center bombing in 1993 ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/1993_World_Trade_Center_bombing ), and the belief that merging the agencies would result in greater efficiency and better performance in countering these threats. But it was also partly due to traditional DC power politics -- these congresspeople were on the hawkish, national-security-oriented end of the spectrum, and pulling together all the little agencies that tended to their pet issues into One Big Agency would give that agency more budgetary and bureaucratic clout, making their views more prominent. And making its leader a Cabinet-level officer would create a new seat at the cabinet table that they could all aspire to fill one day. This faction was bipartisan. You can see this by looking at the makeup of one of its pre-9/11 projects, the Hart-Rudman Commission (see http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/US_Commission_on_National_Secur... ). You had Gary Hart and Lee Hamilton (Democrats) working together with Newt Gingrich and Jim Schlesinger (Republicans). But "bipartisan" doesn't mean that they represented the opinion of the majority of Congress or the country -- these were all people who had been working in and around national security issues since the 1960s and '70s, and they looked at issues with the perspective of people whose idee fixe is that America is not sufficiently organized like an armed camp. They used the commission's final report, which it issued in February 2001 ( http://govinfo.library.unt.edu/nssg/PhaseIIIFR.pdf -- warning, PDF) -- seven months before 9/11 -- to push explicitly for "an independent National Homeland Security Agency (NHSA) with responsibility for planning, coordinating, and integrating various U.S. government activities involved in homeland security." But this proposal went nowhere, because nobody outside the national-security world thought the enormous costs and bureaucratic turmoil that unification would involve would be worth it. So this proposal looked like it was going to do what most blue-chip commission proposals do: collect dust on a bookshelf somewhere in Washington. Then came 9/11, of course, and suddenly everybody in DC was running around shouting the same thing: Something Has To Be Done. The national-security faction, seeing this, was happy to dust off its report and say "We have Something That Can Be Done!" Which was a powerful thing to be able to say, at that moment -- while everyone else was running around trying to figure out how to respond, these guys had a plan all ready to go. When everyone else had nothing, they had Something. And on top of that, suddenly the things that had looked so negative about their big idea -- the huge expense, the bureaucratic turmoil -- began to look positive; these things would mean everyone would see that not only was Something Being Done, but that this Something was Something Big. Which must mean it's also Something Important. So Congress glommed onto the proposal, and the "National Homeland Security Agency," which had seemed like the ridiculous pipe dream of a bunch of defense obsessives, became the Department of Homeland Security that we all know and love today. Yes, that was my reaction to this story to. "Can't replicate it" (a.k.a. It Works Fine On My Machine) is a classic move to dismiss complaints from users about problems with software by shifting the blame from the software to the user -- if it works for me and not for you, you must be the one who did something wrong, not me. After long experience, the users understand this, and don't like being dismissed. I submitted stuff that never got upvotes for months and thought I had just become out of sync somehow with the interests of the rest of HN. Then I realized that my submissions had apparently been banned! I can see them when I'm logged in as myself, but when I hit the site without logging in they're nowhere to be found. Not quite a hell-ban, since people (apparently) still see my comments, but still frustrating. I'm looking at two dozen submissions, nearly all from different sites (ranging from major news sites to personal blogs), all apparently banned. I know some sites are blocked, but it's hard for me to believe that every single one of those submissions came from a site that's HN-verboten. It seems like a much more straightforward explanation to assume that at some point an admin decided that anything submitted from my username from then on would go straight into File 13. My personal theory as to what happened is this -- this is the last submission I made that got any upvotes: http://news.ycombinator.com/item?id=4331466 It was made tongue in cheek (follow the link and you'll get the joke), but I think an admin saw it, didn't like it, and decided that was sufficient justification for sending me into the Outer Darkness. Personally I wouldn't care as much if there'd just been an up-front explanation when the decision was made. Passive-aggressive hellban-type sanctions are supposed to be for hardcore trolls, and I would think 4400+ karma (average of 6.02) would indicate that I am not that. But whatevs. So when you reach a certain (unspecified) karma level, the quality of your submissions stops being judged by HN readers and starts being judged by HN admins? And in twenty-plus cases they consistently found my submissions wanting, every time? Wanting so much that they needed to be filtered out before other HN users could even see them? If that sounds reasonable to you, you've found a friendly place here, I guess. To me it sounds bizarre. Find something really good to submit from an obscure corner of the web. Not the usual suspects. Not linkbait. Not blogspam. Then you can test your theory. My submissions included stuff I wrote myself , which is by definition "not the usual suspects." Look at this piece, for instance, which I submitted: http://jasonlefkowitz.net/2012/08/twitter-teaches-a-new-gene... Is this blogspam? Is this linkbait? I would argue it's an original discussion of an issue that was much debated among HN readers at the time. You may agree or disagree with its premise, but I cannot see how you could classify it as cheap. And yet it was killed, just like all the others. "Burn the heretic! Buuuuuurn him!" is not a productive contribution to discussion. Not to mention support. You don't want to have your system flake out and then find out your vendor won't support you because you bought the wrong cash drawer. Unlike Ms. Mayer, the average Yahoo! line employee cannot afford to have a nursery built near the office so they can come into the office while still having their baby right at hand. So the "everyone comes into the office" edict falls on them a little harder than it does on her. It doesn't make her look like a hypocrite, in other words, as much as it makes her look like an out-of-touch, clueless plutocrat. Since the nursery is literally "next to her office" (see http://allthingsd.com/20130225/survey-says-despite-yahoo-ban... ), and she paid for it out of her own pocket, it seems highly unlikely that it's intended for community use. No, we're calling them nasty names for setting up "coming in to work" to mean one thing for them and another thing for their employees, and then saying "Why is everyone complaining? I have to come in to work too!" There is also nowhere in the article stating that it can. The only things we know about it are that it is "next to her office" and that she paid for it with her own personal funds. Do either of these sound like a setup for a common area to you? Or do they sound like the CEO redecorating their office suite? I'm also reminded of a line from Neil Sheehan's classic "A Bright Shining Lie" that has stuck with me since reading it: Men who succeed at an enterprise of great moment often tie a snare for themselves by assuming that they have discovered some universal truth. If it wants to, an administration can work through friendly Members of Congress to get a piece of legislation it wants into the hopper. The White House (or some cabinet agency) writes the bill and passes it to a friendly member; the friendly member introduces it under their own name; then they work together to whip up co-sponsors. What this response indicates is that the Administration agrees with the petitioners on this issue, but not strongly enough to spend any political capital on it. Working the Hill in this fashion requires calling in favors, and a favor called in on cell phone locking is a favor that can't be called in on some other issue. SimCity 4 is still available (~$20 on Steam & Origin), and it's quite good, without any of the online nonsense that infects the current iteration. Haemimont's Tropico games are also very good (Metacritic: http://www.metacritic.com/game/pc/tropico-4 ) city-builders, with a smaller scale than traditional SimCity titles but more flavor and atmosphere. Steam has a bundle with the latest version, Tropico 4, plus all its expansions for $40 ( http://store.steampowered.com/sub/19282/ ). This is not a new thing. I used to have the same feeling, that the O'Reilly brand was a mark of quality. That ended when I bought their "Creating Applications with Mozilla" book ( http://shop.oreilly.com/product/9780596000523.do ), which was riddled with misprints and errors, to the point that even the "Hello World" example code at the start of the book didn't work. It was disgracefully bad. I was actually, literally shocked by how bad it was. That was 11 years ago. And I haven't run into a whole lot of "buy the O'Reilly book" recommendations since. It's "open" in the sense of it was built on open protocols, rather than proprietary ones. Replacing those open protocols with proprietary ones makes you less open. Google moving from Reader (RSS/Atom) to Current (unspecified protocols) is less open. Google moving Calendar from CalDAV to their proprietary Calendar API is less open. Google potentially moving Talk from XMPP to an unspecified proprietary protocol is less open. Etc. It's more like the ease of Web programming opened up programming to an entire new slice of the population that would never have had the opportunity to become programmers before. These people don't have computer science degrees, so they spend a lot of time reinventing wheels. But lots of it works well enough despite all that, and as time passes, they learn and get better. The messiness is a good sign, not a bad one. Thirty years ago these people would have had no options other than to be passive consumers of software other people made. Now they're making things for themselves! And some of what they make is good enough to help other people with their problems, too. That's a positive development, even if the things they make aren't always pretty. If someone's making "fire the $@!#$ or your web site gets it" threats, I would hope SendGrid would have enough integrity to get law enforcement involved rather than just giving the people making the threats whatever they want. I'm old enough to have used HyperCard, and while it was an excellent environment, it had some serious barriers to entry. For instance, using it required an expensive development kit, namely a Mac. Back in 1987 even a lowly Mac Plus would cost you $2,500, which in today's dollars is more than $5,000. Contrast that to the Web, which you can author for on the oldest, crustiest commodity hardware you please and where even back in the mid-'90s you could get started with just a text editor and a few bucks a month for hosting. "HyperCard was far more accessible to non-computer scientists than the web is or has been." A simple comparison of the total number of HyperCard stacks built versus the total number of Web sites built would argue otherwise. You can argue about whether HyperCard authoring is more intuitive than HTML authoring (I think it was), but as soon as the Web came along people decided for themselves which of the two they preferred to hack on. "Any computer was not cheap in 1987, much less one that sported a usable GUI environment that could run something on par with HyperCard. That had nothing to do with HyperCard." True, but (1) PCs were significantly cheaper than Macs, and (2) many, many more people already had PCs on their desks than had Macs. So unless you were one of the few who already had a Mac, getting started with HyperCard meant plunking down money for new hardware. "There were far, far fewer people actually running computers, much less collaborating on the internet, 26 years ago." Again true, but irrelevant. We're talking about contemporary mindshare, and starting in the early '90s HyperCard and the Web were competing against each other in real time. HyperCard had a long head start and yet even by 1995 (the year Netscape 1.0 broke out) it was clear the Web had all the momentum. "Even still, people were producing "My Favorite Links" and home pages, not apps." And the buzzed-about HyperCard stacks were always more like presentations than apps. So? I'm not trying to run down HyperCard here, it was a brilliant, revolutionary product. But I just can't fathom how anyone could think it more accessible to newbies than the Web was at the same time. And the Web has only gotten more accessible in the years since. "Microsoft is associated with corporation and money and monopoly." This is a good point, but I think it'd be closer to the mark to say that Microsoft is associated with work . People are often forced to use Microsoft products when they are at work. They frequently have little say in how these products are selected or configured. They're told that The Company has made those decisions for them, so they should just shut up and learn to love them, all hail The Company. This is not an association that will make people leap joyfully to buy the same products when they are deciding what to spend their personal money on. This is part of why I have been baffled at MS's insistence on branding Windows 8 and Windows Phone, both of which they desperately want individual consumers to buy into, as "Windows" products. Windows is work. Products to be sold to individuals need to be positioned more like play to be appealing. A mass of dissatisfied citizens can become quite influential all on their own. They can't, if you launch the thing on top of something that looks like a nuclear ICBM and follows a ballistic flight path like a nuclear ICBM does. If that happens, the person on the other end is likely to jump to the conclusion that it is a nuclear ICBM, even if you insist it isn't. Which puts them on the spot to launch their own nukes, if they have any, before yours arrives. This "discrimination" problem has been a big one for the Prompt Global Strike program since its inception. The vehicle in the story is part of the Air Force's attempt to solve this problem, by delivering the PGS payload via a spaceplane that flies in a flatter suborbital trajectory rather than an ICBM's higher trajectory. This is supposed to make it clear to the people on the other side that whatever has just been launched at them is not a nuke. It's unclear how successful this would be, though, since the spaceplane still has to be launched on a missile (possibly triggering any missile-launch early warning systems the opposition has), and nobody knows if in the heat of a crisis different angles of trajectory would be sufficient to reassure an anxious decisionmaker that they're not witnessing the beginning of a nuclear first strike. I read the article and think the point is deeper than that. I would summarize it like this: Tim O'Reilly's business has changed from selling things (books, conferences) to selling ideologies ("Web 2.0", "government as a framework"). This is a relationship that goes both ways: the books and conferences provide crucial support for the ideologies he sells (the existence of a "Web 2.0" conference can be cited as proof that "Web 2.0" is a real thing), and the ideologies create demand for books and conferences as they spread. The primary problem the author (Evgeny Morozov) has with this isn't that O'Reilly profits from it, but rather that the ideologies O'Reilly sells tend to provide corporate-friendly alternatives that are used to marginalize rising ideologies that could threaten existing power structures. Examples discussed: - "Open source" as an ideology focused on the rights of the software developer, as opposed to the ideology it was explicitly designed to compete with, Richard Stallman's "free software" movement, which focused instead on the rights of the software user - "Web 2.0" companies wanted to package up information about their users and sell it to the highest bidder; the ideology supported this by positioning it as a natural evolution of the Web rather than a major power shift - "Government as a service" would involve taking major systems currently run by government and privatizing them, but covers this with a layer of techno-dust to avoid having to talk about the negative implications of privatization Hence the comparison of O'Reilly to famed Republican spin architect Frank Luntz ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Frank_Luntz ). Luntz has made a career selling policies to people they will hurt by packaging them up with attractive-sounding words. Morozov argues that O'Reilly is in the same business. Luntz was the one who picked up on the emergence of the new term and urged Republican policymakers to use it in place of "global warming," because to people unschooled in the details of the subject "climate change" sounds less dramatic and therefore calls less for immediate action. See http://www.guardian.co.uk/environment/2003/mar/04/usnews.cli... for background on this. Luntz took a term that scientists developed and turned it against them, very effectively. This is part of why science communicators keep losing policy battles to Luntz and others like him -- you're right that "climate change" is a more scientifically accurate term, but it's also a less scary term, and therefore if you think that something needs to be done about the problem anytime soon you would be better served to avoid it than to embrace it. EDIT: If you want more examples of how science communicators fail and guidance on how to do better, Randy Olson's book Don't Be Such a Scientist: Talking Substance in an Age of Style ( http://www.amazon.com/Dont-Be-Such-Scientist-Substance/dp/15... ) is a good place to start. In fairness to the author, this piece was written for a print publication, The Baffler, and included in that magazine's most recent print issue. Longer-form articles fit better in print than they do online. The type of programmer who writes code like this never wonders whether their code could be better or not. So don't worry, just by being self-aware enough to ask the question you put yourself on a higher level. Yeah, me neither. The worst part is that once I was griping about the horribleness of Comcast on Twitter, and a Verizon representative chimed in cheerily to tell me to check out FIOS. Only thing being, it's been ten years since they first announced FIOS was "coming soon" to my neighborhood and it still isn't here yet. Sometimes you don't know whether to laugh or cry, you know? And now for a counterpoint, we turn to our next guest, Andrew Mason. It was back in 2011. And he's already moved on: http://www.theverge.com/2013/3/25/4144226/steve-cyanogen-kon... "20 hours is a LONG time in Social media terms. It’s a long time in the news." This is the most pathetic justification for piracy I've ever heard. You couldn't wait twenty hours to watch it legally? Twenty hours? Many of which you'd probably be sleeping through anyway? That's not even a single day. You can't wait a single day? It's like listening to a kid justify tearing open his Christmas presents on Christmas Eve. "Wanting to watch GoT spoiler free is incredibly difficult when you have a 20 hour gap between airing in the US and airing in the UK." Not really. I live in the States, but I TiVoed the premiere episode and watched it the next day. (The horror!) I stayed away from recap articles and had no problems avoiding spoilers. Besides, you said earlier in the article that you had already read the books! Which means you have already pre-spoilered yourself, no? You already know every major plot twist the TV show is ever going to throw at you. The first two seasons followed the books pretty much note for note; did you think the third was going to suddenly change direction and bring in the cast of "Glee" for a big musical number? "Basically, it means staying off Social Media and almost all “geek-news” outlets for a whole day. For some people thats easy enough, I’m not a huge social media fan/user anyway – but my JOB dictates that I check in on the different channels at least a few times each day... So I now have a choice: either don’t do my job properly and ignore my friends for a whole day, or accept that I’ll see some spoilers and my enjoyment of the show will be reduced." That one's easy -- if your job and the scheduling of your favorite TV show conflict, your job wins. Because you're a grown-up. Right? Right? My favorite line of his is the one he ended his review of 1996's Mad Dog Time ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Mad_Dog_Time ) with: " Mad Dog Time should be cut up to provide free ukelele picks for the poor." He was active in tech circles long before that sort of thing was cool. He was a passionate advocate for Apple and the Mac during the dark days before The Return of Steve, for instance, and used to write a regular column in one of the big Mac magazines (can't remember which one, unfortunately). You couldn't read the columns without realizing that he wasn't a non-techie posing as one -- he really was a power user, a gigantic nerd who loved everything Mac at heart. You can always buy the two books Ebert published that are nothing but collections of reviews he wrote for movies he gave 2 stars or less: I Hated, Hated, Hated This Movie and its follow-up, Your Movie Sucks. There's enough skewering between their covers to keep you occupied for quite some time :-D Perhaps, but ~70% of the Earth is empty ocean, and lots of the remainder is relatively empty landmass (huge deserts, unpopulated areas like Siberia, etc.), so just from a statistical perspective the odds of something that survives re-entry hitting a populated area without remote guidance are pretty slim. Part of the problem too is that when a particular product is compromised, most people stop at "Product X sucks" and don't ask themselves if the same vulnerabilities are present in products they themselves use. As an example, take WordPress. I talk to people all the time who say "oh, WordPress isn't secure" even though the reasons most WordPress sites get hacked are due to practices that would make you vulnerable no matter what CMS you run -- not keeping up with security patches, running unneeded services on the server, not putting the admin area behind SSL, etc. But there's lots of people who move from WP to, say, Drupal and think that's made them secure, even as they continue doing all those same practices. "If on the other hand you just graduated undergrad and had a huge debt and your wage was actually set in bitcoins this would be great for you because the cost of paying off your dept would be from your bitcoin point of view spiraling to zero, as would the cost of everything else. That sounds like a pretty awesome situation to be in." It would be! Except for the part where that very spiral discourages employers from paying wages in Bitcoin, since they'd make more money just holding on to those Bitcoins and letting the spiral make them money than they ever could paying workers with them. So those Bitcoin-paying jobs never leave the realm of the theoretical. "Don't you think that by showing that you have negotiation skills, even by employing more or less obvious ploys, you actually show the other part you can play the game just as well as they can?" No, because automatically rejecting the first offer doesn't show that you have negotiation skills, it shows that you're just cargo-culting a list of negotation tactics. Unfortunately the article doesn't provide any evidence that the code freeze actually saved LinkedIn from anything worse than its engineers grumbling about what a mess their systems were, which is what every engineer in every company has done with every system since the dawn of time. The only real data point provided is that "so far this year, [LinkedIn's] share price is up more than 50 percent," but correlation/causation/etc. "Remember Facebook Places or Gowalla? Nope. You have to believe that if software is eating the world, then there will be software that does for online foot traffic what Google does to drive online drive." So there's three examples of companies that have tried to do this, two of them were outright failures and one is still of questionable prospects, and the takeaway is "you have to believe"? Why? What if they're all wrong? If it's inevitable, shouldn't we have seen some evidence by this point (years down the road) that people actually want to do check-ins and the like? What if the only way to build a successful business driving offline commerce is to build something that looks nothing like any of the above? The problem here isn't the notion of personal Twitter accounts. It's Twitter itself. Twitter is designed to be encourage users to post things without thinking too hard about it. So they do, and sometimes that results in them saying stupid things that they would never have said if there had been even a tiny speed bump along the way to force them to think about it. Then they get in trouble if they're lucky, or lose their jobs/suffer social ostracism if they're not so lucky. This is nothing new, it's been happening for as long as Twitter has been around. I can remember it happening to political pundit Ezra Klein back in 2008: http://www.mediabistro.com/fishbowldc/is-ezra-klein-in-troub... The problem is that Twitter's design is at odds with its actual nature. It's designed to feel breezy and conversational, but it's really about publishing , with all the permanence and exposure that implies. If you say something dumb in a conversation, it floats away on the wind unless someone else involved makes a concerted effort to tell people about it. If you say something dumb on Twitter, the ease of re-tweeting can make it blow up into a Big Thing in minutes. If people keep shooting themselves in the foot with significant real-world consequences while using your application, year after year, it seems reasonable that at some point people would start wondering whether it was the fault of the application instead of the users. But Twitter apparently has not reached that point yet. (If you want a more fleshed-out version of this argument, I wrote one here a couple of months ago: http://jasonlefkowitz.net/2013/02/i-kind-of-hate-twitter/ ) It is waaaaay too early to be speculating who's behind it. Nobody knows any details, early reports from the scene of a terrible event like this are frequently confused and contradictory. Speculation at this moment is just firing shots in the dark. Such a system already exists: http://www.fcc.gov/guides/wireless-emergency-alerts-wea Alerts can be sent out to particular geographic areas by restricting the cell towers they are distributed through, and "many providers have chosen to transmit WEAs using a technology that is separate and different from voice calls and SMS text messages. This technology ensures that emergency alerts will not get stuck in highly congested areas, which can happen with standard mobile voice and texting services." The bar an alert has to clear to go out over it is very high, however, to avoid people being desensitized by false alarms. Presumably if it was some organized group we'll find out when they take credit for it. At this point we don't even know for sure if there were bombs involved -- we know there were explosions , but an explosion can happen for reasons other than a bomb going off. Again, all speculating does at this point is ramp up fear and anxiety, which doesn't help anybody. I dunno, it's been nearly as long since I learned Perl (or used it much) but the stuff I've seen out of the "modern Perl" movement ( http://onyxneon.com/books/modern_perl/index.html ) looks a lot cleaner and more, well, modern than the Perl I used to live with. You can still write "crufty and ancient" Perl, in other words, but you don't have to. IE! The browser for people who want their HTML5 native -- funky, dirty native: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=9mXe9nRiPHI That's no reason they couldn't be an interesting case study, though. I mean, these days everybody in the gaming business is chasing those same suckers, from EA on down. So what these people are doing that makes them so successful at catching them is an interesting question. Then go ahead and make that argument, if you believe it. But it has little to do with the status quo, which is that sales tax exists but is only collected from offline businesses. In other words, arguing for the continuance of the status quo isn't arguing that sales tax is immoral, it's arguing that online businesses somehow deserve a free ride offline ones don't. Not just infuriating for you, either. She's being evaluated on how well she did something that was most likely effectively beyond her control -- it's doubtful that they give her the tools and the authority you'd need to really solve customers' problems. So she doesn't, because she can't, and the customers (quite naturally) complain, and she gets punished. The whole system is infuriating. "People always say the chant 'free market doesn't work' without giving any explanation or examples" http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Market_failure You're welcome. "Before, it was effectively merit-based: whoever cared the most (and had the money and ability) to get a ticket could get one." I'm not sure Marco understands what "merit-based" means. You're both right. It's social signaling: http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Signalling_theory Your Star Wars or Hindley-Milner t-shirt tells people who see it that you're a particular kind of person. This encourages people who are like you to approach you, because it signals that you're safe -- you're "one of us." Likewise, it discourages those who are unlike you from doing the same, sparing you from having conversations with people you find boring. If you work in a community where high intelligence is seen as socially valuable -- i.e., where a way the high-status individuals distinguish themselves from the rest is by highlighting their intelligence -- like tech, it's not surprising that you'd want clothing that would signal that you are a high-intelligence person, even if you aren't one. It's an attempt to get your foot in the door of social groups that would otherwise be closed to you, by camouflaging yourself as "one of us." No, it's moving debugging into a discrete, well-understood debugging package (Xdebug) rather than jumbling it together with a bunch of unrelated stuff in a big grab bag labeled "Miscellaneous". I have no brief for or against Cake (never used it myself), but input filtering seems like exactly the sort of tedious-but-necessary infrastructure code that a good framework is supposed to let you avoid having to write from scratch for each new project. If Cake doesn't do that, I don't think it's unreasonable to count that as a strike against it. They're doing it exactly backwards. The Right Way is to hold off on the massive user privacy violations until you become huge. At that point enforcing the laws against you becomes too difficult and expensive, so the government won't bother; and if some random AG tries to do it anyway you can afford to buy whatever changes to the laws you need to get him off your back. Problem solved. I actually think it's the other way around. When you're 22 it doesn't take a lot of money to feel like "man, I already have all the money I could ever need." You're living cheap, you're probably single, you're probably healthy, you're probably not thinking too hard about retirement. So money's not as big a pressure point in your life as it is when you're (say) 42, with a house payment and two kids you want to send to college someday and an underperforming 401(k). When you've got those worries, I have to think it would be harder to turn away $100mm in hopes of making a billion later on. The key thing is that none of those were really "cheap and shitty." They were "cheap and good enough ," which is different. Good Enough is a very powerful thing. If you can beat the competition on price while still delivering a Good Enough product, you'll be buried in money. How about this: once your term has a conference dedicated to it, it has crossed the line from useful term to useless marketing buzzword. Minor nit: I agree 110% with the article's point about the need to "Prominently feature a '[noun] is' paragraph", but the example they give isn't that great: "An excellent example of this in action is on libcinder.org where it states right up front: 'Cinder is a community-developed, free and open source library for professional-quality creative coding in C++.' Perfect!" I'd push back on the assertion that this is perfect. "Library for professional-quality creative coding in C++" is actually a pretty fuzzy, non-descriptive way to describe your project. The only real thing you've learned after reading it is that it's for C++; you don't know anything specific about what it does , just that it's "professional" and "creative." The Cinder developers actually have a much better one-sentence description at the top of their About page ( http://libcinder.org/about/ ): "Cinder provides a powerful, intuitive toolbox for programming graphics, audio, video, networking, image processing and computational geometry." There's still some fluffy words in there ("powerful," "intuitive"), but overall it gives you a much better answer to the question "What is this?" than the tagline cited in the article does. "Even if JQuery isn’t the reason JavaScript is so hot right now, do you honestly think JavaScript would have become so popular if JQuery never existed?" Yes, I do, for the simple reason that JavaScript is the only language that runs in every browser, full stop. It doesn't matter how ugly it is. It has the privileged position of being the only language that runs in the browser, so if you want to do any kind of client-side scripting, it's JavaScript or nothing. This makes the emergence of frameworks to smooth over the language's pain points inevitable. If jQuery had never been invented, Prototype or Mootools or one of the zillion other frameworks would have taken over the world. But JavaScript's monopoly over scripting the browser is what drove all those frameworks' popularity, not the other way around. "JavaScript has some things that are fundamentally wrong with it that no amount of covering up or pretending will fix." As long as JavaScript is the only way to script the browser, whether JS is fundamentally flawed or not is sort of an academic question. It remains the only way to get from point A to point B regardless of its flaws. "Even though the world seems bright and cheery for JavaScript developers today, it also seemed equally bright and cheery for Blackberry devs not too long ago. And look how that turned out. " Blackberry devs are getting pummeled because there was somewhere else for Blackberry users to go. Where else are JavaScript users supposed to go to script the browser? There is no alternative. " Take JavaScript away and replace it with another programming language and you don’t really miss anything. " Except that in practice, you can't do that. Browser vendors can do that, but none of them appear to have any interest in doing so. (The article mentions Dart, but Dart compiles to JavaScript.) And that's not even considering what would happen if all the browser vendors backed different languages... oy. Way back in the earliest days of browser scripting, it was thought that languages would be 'pluggable' -- that there'd be, say, a Python plugin for your browser, and devs would be able to script the browser in Python through it. (Which is why up until HTML5 SCRIPT elements were required to include a TYPE attribute; it was assumed that "application/javascript" would be just one type among many.) But that never happened. "You can only build so much on top of something else, before you have to wipe the slate clean and start over." There's no practical way to wipe the JS slate clean. JS is out there, right now, baked into a gazillion different browsers and devices. Even if you come up with a better alternative, how do you get it into enough of those browsers and devices to create the critical mass required for developers to start writing for it? The only practical answer is that you get them into new browsers and devices, and then wait for all the old ones to die or be replaced. Which means that if something really does rise up and try to replace JS, you will have pleeeenty of lead time to get ready for the change. Like, decades of it. Hmm, interesting. I'm not a C++ jockey myself so I will cheerfully admit the significance of the "creative coding" term flew right over my head. You're half right -- it does represent the worst of Microsoft, but not because of new-for-the-sake-of-new. It represents the worst of Microsoft because it's entirely designed around what Microsoft needs rather than what the user needs. Windows 8 is the way it is because of two things Microsoft needs: - Microsoft needs to be relevant in the world of tablets; and - Microsoft needs the market for traditional PCs to not evaporate. So they built a product that is focused entirely on reconciling these two needs -- a product that tries, awkwardly, to serve the needs of both kinds of devices. A product that tries to make Windows relevant to tablets while at the same time not making tablets so awesome that people stop buying traditional PCs for them. The result leaves users cold, because it wasn't designed for them. It was designed to meet Microsoft's corporate strategy imperatives rather than to solve a problem actual users have. It's the worst of Microsoft because of this classic BigCo thinking -- the thinking that the problems products need to solve are the ones that are worried about in the BigCo's executive suite, rather than those the customers are worrying about out there in the world. It's inward-looking product design, which rarely works. No. The reason there is politics in the Indian IT industry is because there is politics in every human endeavor involving more than two people. The problem with this argument is simple: to stay secure, you have to keep WordPress core current with updates. And the only way to apply updates is for an administrator to apply them, either through the admin backend or directly through the filesystem. The vast, vast, vast majority of WordPress users are not that diligent about doing this, and their hosts don't do it for them. So they just sit on whatever version they happened to be running when they first set up the site for years. I do a lot of consulting work on WP sites and see this all the time. So while I would be the first to agree that the WP core team has gotten much, much better about writing secure software, until there's a way for that software to stay secure when used as average users use it , it will never be truly secure. There is a market for WP hosts who will take this administrative burden on for you in exchange for costing you more -- WPEngine is a big player in that market. But I'm at the point now where I think the only way forward is for WP to just update itself automatically when updates are released, no user intervention required. It's not acceptable for security to be something you only get from a few high-priced hosts; most people will never use those hosts. It needs to be secure for everybody, including those who run it on commodity shared hosting run by semi-competent admins, as long as "runs great on commodity shared hosting run by semi-competent admins!" is a selling point for the software. EDIT: They illustrate this problem right in the post! "WordPress users must be responsible for their own security, maintain strong Passwords, and keep plugins and themes up to date, as well as WordPress itself." How many decades of experience with non-technical users will it take to get us to understand that they just don't do that stuff? They don't maintain strong passwords. They don't run updaters. All that stuff that the post puts on their shoulders, is stuff we know for a fact that many (most?) of them will never even think of doing. If you know that's the audience for your software, and you don't design it to be secure when used as you know that audience will use it, the responsibility for the eventual hacks are as much yours as theirs. This is just not true. There's lots of people who run their personal sites quite happily using just WP core and one of the bundled themes. I agree that the quality of community-contributed themes and plugins is all over the map, and I fight with clients constantly to try and keep them from installing plugins on a whim for exactly that reason. (It's amazing how many people grab plugins to do stuff that WP can actually do itself, just in a way that isn't immediately obvious to the user.) But it's not impossible to run a site on just WP core. Yes, this is my point exactly. Except much more succinctly stated :-D In WP's defense, though, it is not the only blog/CMS product that works this way -- the vast majority I've used require some kind of user or admin interaction to apply updates, mostly to avoid people complaining if an update should break something. And WP's update process is much easier and friendlier to non-technical users than most are. But in practice that turns out not to matter much, because no matter how easy making that intervention is, some percentage of users are going to skip it. The only way to get around that is to not require the interaction at all. That may risk breaking some stuff, but I'd rather work in an ecosystem where everybody's secure and poorly written extensions break occasionally than one in which poorly written extensions never break at the cost of security. Pretty much, yeah. Any software that is exposed to the public Internet needs to be kept up to date. If it's not, it's not secure. That means either someone has to update it, or it has to update itself. The world has been moving slowly away from manual updates to automated ones for some time now. Windows Update used to be much more oriented towards manually reviewing and applying updates than it is today. Chrome famously updates itself completely silently, and Firefox is moving in that direction. Consumer-oriented products are all headed that way, because it's the only way to keep them secure when their "administrator" is a non-technical user. WP is kind of unique in that it's a type of software (a content management system) that usually is only installed and administered by people with some technical experience, but the ease of installing WP has attracted a huge number of people without that experience to use it. So my argument would be that as WordPress has essentially become a consumer product, it should behave like one. The biggest problem with WordPress security isn't WordPress itself, it's with WordPress' extension APIs. You extend WordPress by writing "themes" and "plugins". Themes are supposed to change how the site looks , while plugins are supposed to change how the site works. But in practice, there's no isolation of capabilities in either case, so it's entirely possible for a plugin to do theme-like stuff and a theme to do plugin-like stuff. Users don't understand this, so they think things like "oh, it's safe to install, it's just a theme." Worse, there's no isolation between code that comes in via either of these extension mechanisms and WordPress itself. As far as the server is concerned it's all just a big bag of PHP that runs with the same privileges. So a malicious theme or plugin has a lot of scope to do Very Bad Things once it's convinced a user to install it. Users don't understand how the attack surface increases as your installed plugins/themes increase, so they install tons of stuff, sometimes just because "oh this looks fun!" I don't know how you untangle all this, unfortunately, especially in a system that needs to run well in commodity shared hosting. The only real defense is to be extremely judicious in what extensions you choose to install. It is much more practical to secure a single repo administered by competent techs than it is to secure a zillion web sites run by people with no technical experience. Mostly I agree. I'm not sure there's any way for you to guarantee the security of WP as long as users can install arbitrary plugins and themes. At least as WP is currently architected. Insofar as there's a WPEngine specific piece of this problem, it's that (IMO) you guys don't do a great job of making users understand before they install that stuff that installing it can have severe consequences. If installing arbitrary plugins is how users get their sites hacked, installing arbitrary plugins (except maybe for a few whitelisted "known good" ones) should be a Very Scary Thing, full of dire warnings you have to click through before the plugin installs. Users mostly won't understand what the warnings are saying, but most have at least been conditioned to click "Cancel" when warnings start flying. I've talked to a lot of people who think that just moving to WPEngine has solved security for them, so they don't get how their massive collection of Super Awesome Plugins are putting them at risk. They think you all are protecting them from that. Which you can't, I know, but you can make the users understand that better. "FDR was given almost absolute executive and legislative power." Um, no. This is incorrect. Roosevelt's plans and projects were repeatedly frustrated by opposition in the other branches of government. That doesn't happen in dictatorships. Much of the New Deal, for example, ended up being struck down by the Supreme Court. Roosevelt tried to prevent that from happening again by "packing" the Court with friendly justices ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Judiciary_Reorganization_Bill_o... ), but Congress shot that plan down. He desired for years before Pearl Harbor to get the US to join with the Allied powers in opposing German and Japanese expansionism, but the Neutrality Acts ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Neutrality_Acts_of_1930s ) made it nearly impossible for him to provide any US support for the Allies at all. Even in 1941, after the fall of France and the Battle of Britain, Congress only agreed to extend the military draft instituted in 1940 by a single vote. You can argue whether Roosevelt was in the right on any of the policy decisions he made, but you can't argue that he was operating without checks and balances, because he wasn't. "Besides, if we were all trying to cure hunger or house the homeless who would be creating all the fancy computers we use every day?" You're right, it is hard to imagine how we would survive without Yet Another SocialMobilePhotoSharing Application. Remember the Dark Days, my friends? When to share a photo you actually had to be around people, and talk to them? Ugh. I shudder to think upon it. We lived like savages, back then; filthy, stinking savages. I actually have hugged Hillary Clinton (seriously!), even though I'm quite certain she had no idea who I was. It's awesome, everyone should do it. Might want to look at Balsamiq Mockups: http://www.balsamiq.com/products/mockups It's easy enough for non-techies to use, can be installed locally, and can have new elements added via snippets. It doesn't generate HTML, but in my experience developers don't want to get HTML; they just want to see what the non-techie wants done and then they'd prefer to write the code themselves. Balsamiq works great in that scenario. Laugh if you want to, but the point is pretty serious. Azure supposedly racked up more than $1 billion in revenue in 2012 ( http://www.zdnet.com/windows-azure-joins-microsofts-billion-... ). Amazon's AWS, on the other hand, is estimated to have brought in between $1.5 and $2 billion ( http://go.bloomberg.com/tech-deals/2013-03-07-what-if-amazon... , http://www.informationweek.com/cloud-computing/infrastructur... ) during the same period. So while Azure is still booking less business than AWS is, it's definitely a major competitor. Maybe the major competitor. And since the market for virtualized platforms is still in early days, there's lots of room for that revenue figure to grow substantially even if Azure ends up stuck at #2 behind AWS forever. The problem there is that the changes we're hearing about for 8.1 (bringing back the Start button, letting you boot straight to the desktop, etc.) are all changes that will move 8's center of gravity closer to the traditional Windows experience and farther from the new Metro experience. And from the article it sounds like the new Metro experience is the only one that really feels right on Surface. Making it easier for people to skip Metro will only result in fewer developers writing Metro apps, not more, so it's hard to see 8.1 as a positive for Surface users. They need the Windows world to be more Metro, not less. So how do you blow on it? It's not an NES unless you have to blow on it. But how much of that learning is really empirically necessary, and how much is just keeping up with industry fads and trends just to stay marketable? I've learned way too many languages over the last fifteen years just in the process of being a web developer. I'm not sure if any of them by themselves made me a radically better at web development. More frequently they were learned to get access to a bit of tooling or some other benefit that only one language had. Think of all the people who learned Ruby in order to use Rails, for instance, or who learned JavaScript to do front-end scripting. Is it really something about Ruby-the-language or JS-the-language that made them so compelling? Not really. It was the productivity gains you could get by getting access to their ecosystems, rather than the languages themselves. For this reason I have some envy for the folks you meet who've been working in Lisp, or Perl, or C, or COBOL, or some other language consistently for decades. They get to reach a level of proficiency and sophistication in how they use their tools that are out of reach when you're constantly bouncing from language to language. This is an easy problem to avoid: just have the regulation only kick in when you bring in a certain amount of revenue. PayPal did $1.5 billion in revenues in Q1 2013. So you could draw a line at $1bn/year, say, which would be more than high enough to leave out any reasonable definition of a "startup" while still covering established market leaders. You're assuming that "the system" is something that has no inputs to affect the behavior of "the person doing it". Which is wrong. There are plenty of points in the rulemaking process (see https://www.federalregister.gov/uploads/2011/01/the_rulemaki... ) where those in the startup community could ask for a more targeted rule, if such a rule were being considered. And given how no politician wants to be tagged as being against job creation at the moment, I have to think it'd be an easy sell to convince them that a more narrowly targeted rule would be in everybody's best interest. "The system" doesn't need to have "uniformity of interest" in order to make sensible things come out of it; you just need to be willing to make your voice heard within it, and to accept that you may have to compromise a bit from your ideal outcome in order to get other interests to come along. "One of our challenges is we have had an aging demographic," said CFO Ken Goldman. "Part of it is going to be just visibility again in making ourselves cool, which we got away from for a couple of years." Finding out that a company's management thinks "cool" is something you can buy strikes me as an excellent signal for shareholders that it's time to sell. HTTrack ( http://www.httrack.com/ ), maybe... You can definitely get a title into a contract, that's easy. Getting something in that makes the other party take the title seriously is harder. How do you require someone to respect your opinion? You could try something like demanding X number of reporting employees or Y execs who agree to attend your meetings, I guess. But the other party is going to reflexively resist getting down to this level of detail in the contract, even if they're completely sincere about the promises they've made to you, just because no business owner likes to have their hands tied operationally in such a way. Not to mention that even those types of clauses can be worked around -- you get a guarantee that the COO will attend a weekly meeting, and then he makes a big show each time of answering email on his smartphone rather than paying attention to what you're saying. Might seem unfair to you as the acquired party, but everyone else in the company will be rooting for him against the "outsider." You can propose anything you want, but if the other party in the negotiation is the one sitting with the big bag of money, the easiest answer is always "no." Because that puts the burden on you to decide if you really care about your proposal enough to leave the room without the big bag of money if you can't have it. A big bag of money is an incredibly magnetic thing. Once most people walk into the room and actually see one, it becomes really really hard to walk out of the room without it. So what seemed like a reasonable concern before you walked in starts looking more like something you can live without, if the alternative is living without the bag. The Google Toolbar was once a very widely used piece of software. The vast majority of those who used it did so to add a Google search box into their browser chrome. So integrating unrelated services into the toolbar was a way to use the popularity of their search product to boost the visibility of other, unrelated products. I agree, the best way to determine if an acquiring company treats its acquirees well is to ask others who have been acquired by them. But that's kind of a separate question from how you protect yourself when you're at the negotiating table. If you talk to a bunch of others who've sold to that company and they all say it was horrible, you should wave off the deal before you ever get to a negotiating table. People resent being forced to do things. If you force them to meet with you, all you accomplish is making them resent you before they get to hear your pitch. Now you have a hill to climb, getting over that resentment, before you can get them to consider your arguments objectively. So you've made your life harder rather than easier. People can definitely change. They just don't, usually.