What do you think a formal language is if not mathematical? Researchers invent little languages to distill the problem to its simplest components so its solvable, and then they generalize to other domains, if possible. That's how math is done. Completely disagreed. There is a lot of language creation , but little language innovation . Ruby, Python, Perl, Lua, JavaScript are essentially all the same language. Java and C# are the same, and very similar to the scripting languages just adding static typing. C++ is similar to the previous 2, just removing memory safety. What was so innovative about any of these languages? They are the same old imperative OO paradigm that first appeared in Simula and Ada back in the 80s. Examples of languages that are innovative are Mozart/Oz, Haskell, Alice ML, Coq, Agda and Mercury. These completely redefine what it means to program, and all of them were created in the last 15-20 years. And if you think there haven't been great strides in each of these domains, then you're simply not familiar with them. > How's that stateless, then? The protocol is stateless, not necessarily the application and/or session. The state is serialized to/from the client as needed. > If it's really stateless, that replay can't _do_ anything. A stateless pipeline may front a stateful backend. An application commit point may be reached which should invalidate all possible previously valid requests. It's definitely a necessity. > You really have to wake up, guys. Wake Up. It's not you, who are spending your lives looking over your shoulders. It really isn't. So. Whilst I do not agree it was the best of actions, I wholly defend the right of anyone to take it. And will therefore stand by them if they do. I just want to highlight that you're supporting an exaggerated public shaming for people who were just exchanging words in a semi-private conversation. Not even particularly offensive words at that. Words that are and were clearly misconstrued. And you defend this behaviour because many women suffer sexual abuse? Tell me, should preachers be forbidden from speaking in public because some people were caned by priests as children too? Should visible minorities be cautious around everyone because some people have been mugged by black men? Joking around is immature, particularly sexist and racist humour, but it's not irresponsible. Suggesting that public witch-hunts are the way to solve these problems is just plain irresponsible. > If you're implying that "easier to reason about" for a compiler is equivalent to "easier to reason about" for humans, I think that's a fallacy. It's easier to reason about for the developers who are writing the compiler transforms, ie. humans. Well, as but one example, computer crimes are more harshly punished than in the past, and sometimes get harsher sentences than causing bodily harm. EFF's link to its previous story is broken. > (what serious attempts have been made to shut down Wikileaks)? Shutting down payments was a serious attempt [1] [1] http://rt.com/news/wikileaks-lieberman-king-mastercard-visa-... > Governments have a legitimate need for secrecy in some situations. If FBI investigations of white collar crimes were posted on a public website, for example, there would be a dramatic rise in both flights and wire transfers to Belize. I think this argument is based on a strawman. The 'secrecy' most people assume and that the government wants is 'keeping secrets indefinitely at their sole discretion'. The 'secrecy' needed by your or any other scenario is merely a time-limited secret, ie. that all information must be released publicly once investigations are completed. The former is intrinsically harmful, the latter shouldn't harm anyone. DDoS hardly cause damage, just loss of revenue, yet they carry very stiff penalties. > I could be in the minority, but to me, our society has become very desensitized by sharing with Facebook leading the charge. There's a difference between people voluntarily sharing information with a third-party, and having that information forcibly gathered without your knowledge. There has to be a line. > String is very much in the "leave data alone" mindset, baring its guts as a [Char]. Now you're stuck: you can't change its representation, you can't easily introduce Unicode, etc. You're conflating the fact that Haskell had poor modularity when it was first conceived and String first defined, with the claim that only OO can provide the necessary modularity. Clearly ML modules provide and always provided the necessary modularity to abstract over string representations, but there's no OO in most MLs. And now with support for ML modules as first class values, we don't need objects for modularity at any level of programming. > The big advantage of OO is that it acts as a distillation of how humans think. We're accustomed to thinking in terms of 'things that do stuff'. Let's not confuse "how humans think" with "how humans ought to think to self problems effectively". There is little evidence that OO is any better than other principled approaches to programming. > Yeah i just see Go as an alternative for web technologies I don't see any web technology Go could replace. Not even dynamically typed langauges. > The era of unrootable devices, unbreakable DRM, and inescapable walled gardens? No such thing. There is no protection once someone has physical access to the hardware. > Haskell is a garbage collected, lazy, pure language which makes it unsuitable for many of the domains C-style languages are used in. Don't be so sure! [1] You could simply use Haskell as a metalanguage to generate a C program that does what you need, just like they did with copilot. No Haskell runtime needed. [1] https://github.com/leepike/copilot-discussion I think you mean GHC's type system, since Rust is arguably quite close to Haskell 98 in spirit, ie. algebraic types, lambdas, pattern matching, traits = single parameter type classes. These days you're better off with Minix 3. It's documented much better, with a book to boot, it's a much better microkernel than Mach, and it has a lot of activity around it. > The end goal of having a .Net project be compile-able on Windows, Linux and Mac is going to be awesome. Except msbuild can't easily support builds across different version of .NET on the same platform. I hate digging into its needlessly archaic build files. > The single people strongly resented that because they felt they were being forced to work harder for the same pay since they made different life choices. That's funny, because your life choices always determine how hard you have to work for the same pay in every other context, so why not this one? For instance, try making the same income after committing some crimes. "Computer" is a very general term. Most computers people use on an everyday basis aren't running Windows. For instance, all of your tablets and phones are Android or iOS. Windows phones are virtually non-existent, and Windows tablets are more common, particularly for businesses, but not as common as the corresponding consumer tablets. So PG was right in a strict sense, but not if you narrowly take "computer" to mean "desktop" or "laptop". > I often wonder if the whole idea of "typing" is the wrong decision in language design, if we shouldn't come up with something better. Not sure what you mean by "better". A "type" is a proposition about the program. You can't get more general than that. Any static checking system will have an interpretation in terms of types, so it's hard to see what could possibly be better than a type system. There are just different type systems with different properties. > at least some of which--specifically information concerning intelligence operations the NSA conducted against Huawei-- we know for a fact he shared with them. Where is the evidence of this alleged fact? > He claims (with no way to verify) that he did not give them any classified information. Innocent until proven guilty. > If he had stayed in the United States, he would have had a trial. Very debatable. > Also, including time without instructions is almost pointless in the real world as Ikea ships instructions. Not pointless, they were testing consistency with past results on differences in gender-based spatial reasoning. > Filesystems have evolved. ZFS has been available for ten years. Perhaps you should examine the section discussing the various problems with file systems. ZFS is hardly immune from these problems. > UNIX didn't need to be full of obscure commands that are impossible to guess. Why should commands should be easy to guess? That seems like a bizarre property to expect of a command language. UNIX provides exploration and discovery via man and apropos commands. > The point of Haskell is more obscure. That's a ridiculous assertion. The point of Haskell is to be rigourous. If that makes it obscure, it's only because the problems it's solving are also obscure and poorly understood. > So, just start with a BASIC then modify by how people solve the problem. The problem with this approach is that it only scales to small problems, and provides no guidance beyond trial and error for scaling to more complicated problems. Solving complicated problems requires different kinds of abstractions, and optimizing how people use existing constructs is simply finding local maxima, not finding a global maxima. > Im not sure how much more they're going to come up with that's substantially different. Most of what's out there condenses into a small number of categories. I don't know, there's quite a bit that's new or not yet full developed. We have languages for probablistic programming now, and programming with compositional effects. I think logic programming probably has an important place too, but it hasn't yet been found. > Forgot to ask, naasking from Lambda the Ultimate? If so, then welcome to HN! :) Indeed I am. I only peruse HN from time to time. I spend enough time on LtU and reddit as it is! > FOSS [...] was really just a parasitic element on software development. That's a weird claim. It's not like FOSS is taking tax money or forcing people to pay for something they don't use. How else could it possibly be parasitic? > I think statically typed languages go too far in the other direction. Tyr type and API definitions are too strict leading in a ton of unnecessary effort (ie boilerplate), increased surface area for potential bugs, and overly restrictive limits that require 'creative' workarounds to effectively write code. Given this description of statically typed languages, I'm guessing you haven't tried OCaml or Haskell. > The "algorithm dance" only demonstrates that you can memorize an algorithm and how to use it to an academic degree. That's it. I've never seen it differentiate between developers to any useful degree and found that it only helps those who are more "fresh" with the specific algorithm knowledge you happen to ask about. Indeed. When I've interviewed junior candidates, I gave them a function with some inputs and asked them to produce the outputs. At least this requires them to exhibits some degree of analytical reasoning on something you've never before seen. You'd be surprised how many candidates can't even do that. The code looks nice and straightforward, and kudos on actually producing a typed language. IMO, there's too little of that these days. Too bad you didn't get around to implementing context threading, because I would have liked to see a clean and portable implementation, particularly if you had also planned to support TCO. Is the design you had planned documented anywhere? Interesting language, and looks fairly concise to write. I imagine shoehorning all numbers into doubles makes for slower integer code. Also a shame you included pervasive null. Wren looks straightforward enough that you could have a static type system without losing any expressiveness. Have you considered that? > Maybe, though in a bytecode-compiled, dynamically typed language, my hunch is that using doubles for everything is actually faster. If I had separate integer and float types, all of the arithmetic operators would have do runtime type tests to handle the different combinations and conversions. Perhaps. I suppose this dovetails with my preference for static types with optional dynamic behaviour, and not the contrary default which seems to be your position. > I'm interested in trying to layer an optional type system on top of it, and I tried to design most of the language and core library such that it's amenable to that. Cool. I think Wren is simple enough that basic type inference should be straightforward and complete, and anything more difficult just infers a top/'dynamic' type. A trivially correct type inference algorithm then just infers type 'dynamic' everywhere, which recovers Wren's current semantics. Then you incrementally add more specific rules where you can, ie. simple data flow from constants will generate more efficient string, floating point and integer code. That would be enough for a decent speedup on most programs. If you want to type check arbitrary objects (or at least avoid method-not-understood), you can use something like "Type Inference for First-Class Messages with Match-Functions" [1] or the even more general first-class labels [2]. I believe first-class labels are more general than Wren's semantics. [1] http://lambda-the-ultimate.org/node/4808 [2] http://lambda-the-ultimate.org/node/174 klib [1] is another good one I recently came across. In fact, I'll just leave this great curated list of free software libraries right here: https://notabug.org/koz.ross/awesome-c [1] https://github.com/attractivechaos/klib > or sudden situation that it cannot contend with. The idea that humans are any better at handling situations they've not previously encountered is dubious. > Does anyone have some better ideas? gcc's C extensions have some good ideas [1], particularly: 1. typeof(e) operator: great for use in macros 2. labels as values: used in just about every language interpeter 3. statement expressions: great for use in macros 4. fixed point types: who wants to hack their own fixed precision arithmetic? 5. vector extensions 6. arithmetic functions with overflow checking I think all of the above would make good additions to the C standard. [1] https://gcc.gnu.org/onlinedocs/gcc/C-Extensions.html > one is expected to live up to and follow the rules and laws dictated for that position. One is also expected to do a certain job, and if the security regulations are impeding your job, then which do you really think will take precedent? Yeah, after reading that I was really wondering about the use case for those extensions at the time they were added. I honestly can't think of any now. L4Linux proved that this can be done quite effectively, and at the time, it performed better than hypervisors like Xen that were growing in popularity. What GNU Hurd is trying to do is decompose the monolithic UNIX kernel host into smaller services, and that's where the complexity comes in. > From the demo program it looks like a function with two int arguments returning an int, but why the -> signs? This is standard syntax in functional languages. A->B is a function from A to B. A->B->C is a function from A that returns a function B->C. This is the standard curried function application, like used in OCaml, and it enables you to easily partially apply and compose functions. addCandidate's type is indeed Int->Int->Int, it's simply not declared that way. In OCaml, the following two syntaxes are equivalent: let addCandidate = fun A:Int B:Int -> ...body... let addCandidate A:Int B:Int = ...body... I imagine this language is similar. > Another thing you might miss is if somebody does a similar or the same experiment and comes to a negative result, reading that might save you a few days or months of unnecessary work. Given how low the reproduction rate in science is, I'm not sure that time would be wasted. > and if his way of life is incentivized while the producers' is disincentivized by this redistribution The idea that producers are only incentivized monetarily is false. Abstracting the storage/object model of a program as in Cap'N Proto is the new advance, though Cap'N Proto's security model isn't fully innovative -- it's based on object capabilities which have been around since the 70s and this particular model since the 90s in the E programming language. The isolation properties of capabilities have been well understood for quite some time. Sandstorm just took this well understood security model and the innovative storage abstraction and applied it to any language with Cap'N Proto bindings. Pretty cool. The reason most people aren't doing it is beacuse most people don't really understand capability security, despite its simplicity. They've been raised and trained in the access control list model and it's deeply ingrained at this point. Pay damages because someone else uploaded something by accident and you can't fix it? It doesn't work like that. Case-insensitivity I get, but deleting underscores? Yikes. I don't like Nim for other reasons, but that's a huge one. > The facts that Rust is quite young, has no shipping hero project as a case study Their Cargo package manager is written in Rust, and everyone seems to like it. I don't see the advantage in supporting all styles. What you describe sounds like a pretty trivial benefit compared to breaking all of your ordinary text manipulation tools and violating the principle of least surprise. > This is a straw man argument. The reason so many people are criticizing left-pad et al is about the cost of adding a dependency. The cost of a dependency for a good package manager is zero, and the cost of not having that dependency is non-zero. So the problem is with NPM, not with adding a dependency. > I don't understand why this community has to have a weekly cycle of bashing different programming communities. It's funny if done in good taste. You should be able to take a joke with good humour, even if it's at your own expense, and this is a pretty good joke. I said a good package manager. The fact that the npm package database is fully mutable is a huge problem. I never said perfect, I said good. Some basic properties are that upstream changes don't break downstream dependents if you've protected against automatic version updates. Except a good package manager will let you specify exactly which version you wish to depend upon, so any changes you make upstream will have no effect on people who protect themselves against automatic version updates. Seriously, the properties of good package management should be obvious by now. Any design that can break dependents and there's nothing they can do to protect themselves is broken. Exactly. A notification that new updates are available would be nice, but I don't think automatic updates should be the default, even if "semantic versioning" says the update should be backwards compatible. > If you do have a bad package manager, there is a cost of adding a dependency, and you should consider it. That's what pdkl95's point was. That's great, and my point was that with a good package manager, that cost is effectively zero. > And the dependency cost I talk about is universal -- any package manager that allows for easy package updates is open to critical packages being broken. Automatic updates are a terrible idea, even if the developer purports to use "semantic versioning" and the update is supposed to be backwards compatible. Specifying a version should be mandatory. Your package manager could easily notify you that updates are available, but it should never update for you. That's as "easy" as updates should get, because anything else inevitably introduces silent breaking changes. That's a good point that's not often considered. That sounds like it should be part of a package manager too, because all you need is a license compatibility matrix. This not true. CPUs have instruction parallelism, even on a single CPU, but there is no observable concurrency. SIMD is data-level parallelism, not concurrency. Here's one data point: * Automatic Generation of Peephole Superoptimizers: http://lambda-the-ultimate.org/node/2800 > - Runtime information. The runtime needs accurate maps of stack frames for both GC and stack copying, something that is not available from standard backends today. DannyBee addressed most of these points, however I just wanted to note that even if LLVM didn't provide stack maps, it's easy to recover stack information using lazy pointer stacks [1] [1] http://citeseerx.ist.psu.edu/viewdoc/summary?doi=10.1.1.158.... And microkernels had user-level file systems since the 1980s. By your logic, you must have been using those for quite some time. Expertise in computer science probably isn't intrinsically more difficult than any other field, like medicine which now has more women than men. I doubt they have experience in software engineering either, which takes a principle approach to structuring software to reduce bugs and improve maintainability. The only truly terrible part of JavaScript is all the implicit coercions around equality checking. It would actually be a decent language if it reported type errors instead. There are a few other smaller issues that are nuisances, like not being able to actually check if a value is a number, but I think coercions cause the most headaches for discoverability and debugging. It would stop working if you did it NOW. That's irrelevant to the point that that's how JS should have worked from the beginning. Also, they can add these semantics to JS now too with a new type of strict mode without breaking anything. As for how painful it would be, your claim is a total fabrication. Other dynamically typed languages are a pleasure to program in without implicit coercions everywhere. JS is widely considered a pain. Coincidence it is not. > It's a little surprising that 1 + '1' is '11', until you spend a little time and learn the rules instead of fighting them - then you start doing your work in a way that uses that to save time. You are omcpletely underestimating the complexity of JS's implicit coercions. If you haven't already seen it, watch the Wat talk [1]. Finally, the fact that you need the console to even understand the meaning of a code fragment is a perfect example of language failure. [1] https://www.destroyallsoftware.com/talks/wat > Expecting to be able to look at a code sample in isolation and know what it does is unrealistic for any large-scale system. I don't know why you'd think that. In a typed language, you simply look at the types and you know exactly the intended meaning of a code fragment ie. what inputs are needed, what outputs are produced, etc. That's not remotely the case for JavaScript due to its implicit conversions. > I'm with you except for wanting type errors. Duck typing for methods and such is fine if that's what you're into, but if you're checking for equality, you want type errors, period. Only like equals like. Doesn't matter if your language is statically typed or dynamically typed, equality means something very specific and it's very surprising when those expectations are violated. > Using a UUID instead of a sequentially rolling integer ID isn't solving your problem, you're just doing security through obscurity. A common sentiment, but not true if your id is cryptographically random. It amounts to capability security which is the right approach to security if used comprehensively. > At the same time, one of the motivating reasons for creating the Constitution as a whole was to create a powerful executive with broad authority to react to military threats, both external and internal. Why is it more faithful to the Constitution to give more weight to the 4th amendment and less weight to the President's broad powers as to national security? The justification for warrantless dragnet surveillance is to stop terrorists. The damage terrorists cause is literally negligeable when judged by your argument. If the Constitution was designed to react to military threats, terrorism is not a threat. You're more likely to die slipping in the shower than get killed by a terrorist, which is not the case when at war with another nation. And this doesn't even touch on whether dragnet surveillance is actually effective (which it can't be, even in principle). As such, the justification for dragnet surveillance is so thin it's comical. Intention is irrelevant to the argument I presented. The example I presented merely illustrates the level of risk, which is ridiculously low, and certainly doesn't justify military involvement. > Besides that, it's almost certainly the case that terrorism has resulted in more deaths than has warrantless dragnet surveillance of cross-border traffic. I don't see how that's relevant one whit. We don't control terrorist actions, we do control our own government's actions, and the latter's actions are restricted by the constitution. > There's abundant evidence that there are vast differences in the productivity of different programmers in the same company. That seems true for every type of job. That's only true if efficiency is your only metric, but that's not meanginful for all jobs. Certainly there will be an order of magnitude difference in effectiveness of some security guards over others. > But when you get drugs from the drug cartel, the harm that goes into the production makes it wrong to use. That doesn't really follow. Nazi medical experiments were wholely unethical, but it would be completely unethical not use whatever knowledge they gained to save other people's lives. Perhaps what you meant to say is that it would be wrong to pay for the drugs so the cartels actually benefit from their unethical behaviour. I agree with that, but that doesn't make the drugs unethical to use . Absolutely not unethical. The damage is already done, and you're just doing more damage by not using it. It's irrational. There's sufficient disincentive to conducting more unethical research by the simple fact that you'll go to jail. This wasn't a consideration in Nazi Germany. Whitelists and blacklists are useless security theatre. Any non-blacklisted IP could proxy to a blacklisted IP, and whitelisting just means you have to jump through hoops just to get your work done, which users will always do. Looks cool. Will it support targeting Windows from Linux and vice versa? > I don't think having children is a natural right which society has the obligation to subsidize. Many of the social benefits a working Western society wants depends upon a growing population, like social security. The sentences following your quote provide plenty of links to back that up. > I'm sure we can all agree that the current state of shells needs some work, but I don't think inventing a new one is the right solution. Disagree. A shell is a domain-specific programming language, and all the existing such languages are terrible. We'd be better off with a properly designed language, like a shell language based on OCaml: Caml-shcaml [1]. [1] http://users.eecs.northwestern.edu/~jesse/pubs/caml-shcaml/ > I'm from an Eastern Europe and my family never was rich, I had to put in a tremendous effort to even get into the industry. "White privilege" is simply the (mostly reasonable) claim that your journey probably would have been even tougher if you were a black person from your exact same background. > Right, but the point of the article is that they were doing it to the wrong person. That doesn't mean it does not work. Causation does not imply correlation. I think this case make it obvious that it's impossible to tell if the person you're torturing has the information you're looking for and is withholding it, or simply doesn't have the information. That's a textbook definition of "ineffective". > A word loaded to mean 'undeserved advantage'. "Undeserving" is not part of any definition of privilege I've ever seen, not even the dictionary definition. I think that's just your personal bias against a meaning that isn't the same that others are intending. Like I said, whether they were deserving of those benefits does not feature in any of of those definitions. "We got more information out of a German general with a game of chess or Ping-Pong than they do today, with their torture," said Kolm, 90, an MIT physicist who had been assigned to play chess in Germany with Hitler's deputy, Rudolf Hess [1]. Also: Why Torture Doesn't Work: The Neuroscience of Interrogation [2] [1] http://www.washingtonpost.com/wp-dyn/content/article/2007/10... [2] http://www.amazon.com/Why-Torture-Doesnt-Work-Interrogation/... Roslyn is cool, but there doesn't seem to be a standard way to tell Visual Studio to use a custom/roslyn C# compiler rather than the framework one. That kind of limits its usefulness. > Maybe they've changed, although I doubt it. I'm just saying - be careful. Corporations aren't people where past behaviour predicts future behaviour. If MS's original executives are all gone, the fact that MS is behaving differently isn't surprising at all. > I just figure, everything is coming in as a string no matter what. It's going back out as a string. And everything in memory is a sequence of bytes. I don't see the relevance of this line of reasoning. I guarantee that whatever experience you've had with statically typed languages on the web, it's not a good language. Interfacing with dynamic systems is simply a matter of good abstractions, which many languages simply lack. Take a look at F#'s type providers to see where you can go with this. > You basically get SML. SML is still more usable than the statically type languages in use the most today (C++ and Java). > My thesis was related to synchronous programming languages and articles about FRP tend to have too little to say about them, for my taste. What would you expect them to say exactly? Synchronous languages are first-order reactive programming, but FRP is about higher-order reactive programming. > So I'm mostly trading time spend debugging subtle state errors with fixing compile type errors. It feels not as productive, since I'm usually looking at errors. Strange, because debugging subtle state errors seems far more time consuming to me than fixing compile-time errors. You have to launch debugging sessions or insert logging commands and step through reams of code, where compile-time errors tell you exactly where the problems are. > it can't be explained by hidden correlated information about both objects. Yes it can, as long as that information is non-local. That's where the EPR "paradox" comes in, because Einstein believed non-locality was impossible due to relativity. Unfortunately, no OO languages save Scala implement the higher kinded types needed to truly exploit object algebras. That's true, but I believe less relevant than most would think. Most of the "dynamic dispatching" people talk about could be similarly monomoprhized. The only real dynamic dispatch occurring in most programs is due to dynamic code loading (separate compilation from your post). > I don't know what you mean by "fully exploit", If the return type of one of your overloads is itself a generic type, you can't represent that in the type of the method. Consider the IntBoolFactory from the paper, and then add two operations for lambda abstraction and function application: public Exp lambda(Exp=>Exp body); public Exp apply(Exp lambda, Exp arg); Where Exp=>Exp represents a Java lambda taking an Exp and returnin an Exp. Notice how the type of the lambda and its argument must now be dynamically type checked to ensure that 'arg' has the same type as the parameter for the lambda. With higher kinded types, you could write something like this instead: public Exp lambda(Exp =>Exp body); public Exp apply(Exp lambda, Exp arg); And now everything is statically type checked by the Java compiler. Without higher kinded types, you gain extensibility in every direction using object algebras, but you lose some type checking. Haskell has the option to run your code without type checking [1], so this isn't an inherent limitation to type checking. [1] https://downloads.haskell.org/~ghc/latest/docs/html/users_gu... That actually should read: public Exp lambda(Exp =>Exp body) But you get the idea. > we should not be conflating dynamic dispatching code which could be statically resolved from dynamic dispatching code which is necessarily dynamic. This is exactly what I said: most of what people call "dynamic dispatching" is not truly dynamic, and the use of dispatching code is merely an implementation detail. > In Haskell, you do not do this sort of dispatch with typeclasses, but instead use ADTs. Except you can, and this is one way to solve the expression problem in Haskell, ie. by lifting constructors to their own types with pattern matching functions lifted to type classes. At which point we come full circle: most uses of ADTs can also be monomorphized and so are not dynamically dispatched either. Dynamic dispatches then occur only on input at runtime to select the type being instantiated (and so the type class being dispatched into). I don't understand what's unclear, lifting values to the type-level and pattern matching on those values to type classes is a standard construction [1]. I only claimed that operations on Maybe can be lifted to type classes, you claimed that all uses of type classes can be monomorphized (barring "fancy types", of which Maybe is presumably not one). Since all pattern matching functions on simple sums like Maybe can be lifted to type classes using the above translation, and given you said all such type classes can be monomorphized, therefore all uses of Maybe can be monomorphized. Alternately, your original claim could be wrong, or you can provide a counter-example to my claim that pattern matching on Maybe can be translated to type class dispatch. [1] http://koerbitz.me/posts/Solving-the-Expression-Problem-in-H... Reference counting pauses can actually be worse. Reference counting and tracing are duals, and only collectors that exploit properties of both avoid the worst case complexity of each. Alone they each have just as bad worst cases, just in dual scenarios. I disagree. You seem to be asserting that ontologies don't drive empirical or theoretical science, but this is obviously false. Einstein himself devised relativity via thought experiments surrounding ontological properties he believed made sense (such as the light speed barrier). Formulating theories and testing them is exactly what science is all about. > Replace non-locality with infinite universes, which is more troubling? The nature of the multiple universes is deply misunderstood. If you just think of the universe as a very large N-bit quantum computer, then the "multiple universes" are simply the superpositioned state of the computer itself. Nothing magical or non-physical about it. And since we are almost certainly living in a simulation [1]... ;-) [1] http://www.simulation-argument.com/simulation.html > 1. Conservation of energy. This is not a problem for MWI. > 2. Relativistic observers seeing multiple decoherence events in different orders There is no decoherence in MWI. > Interpreting quantum mechanics is often like this: you can preserve locality or convenience, but usually not both. Indeed, John Bell of Bell's theorem said that non-locality was THE big problem of quantum mechanics. He was a fan of Bohmian mechanics/pilot waves because it places what he considered the central problem front-and-center. > This is false, and a common misinterpretation of QM. We do not have any evidence of information travelling faster than the speed of light. It's actually not false as stated. The author didn't say information travels FTL. Copenhagen gives up realism to satisfy Bell's theorem, but is still non-local. On the contrary, immediately accepting non-determinism simply because that's what you seem to have measured is also unscientific. Or do you believe dipping pencils in water actually breaks them, and then reconstitutes them when you pull them back out? Don't mistake an illusion for reality. We shouldn't simply naively accept what our experiment seem to be telling us, we should always seek alternative avenues to explain the evidence. It can yield compelling insights. I don't know where you are seeing a relevant infinity. At any given time, there are a finite number of particles each with a finite number of observables. It's a large number, but finite. > Driver assistance vs self driving cars is a perfect example Not entirely. Drivers overriding automated systems introduce more errors than human alone or computer alone. > Why would you expect the above to work? It is a pretty clear violation of the type rules on any sane language. It doesn't violate structural typing rules, so I disagree. Indeed, it depends how one should interpret struct declarations. If you consider all structs structurally typed in C, then that should pass. If you only consider anonymous structs to be structurally typed, and named structs are the equivalent of newtype in Haskell (which is how C currently behaves I think), then the sample as written should fail, though using an anonymous struct for the alias would pass. I think the latter semantics makes for a better language because you can exploit the type checker to greater effect, but the former is certainly not unequivocally wrong. I agree it's mostly nominal, but anonymous structs using structural typing semantics are incredibly useful. Consider for instance this general function pointer macro [1], which you can use with any number of arguments like so: fn(int, char, double) f = &functionMatchingSignature; and which you can invoke with just: double d = f.call(arg0, arg1); and it type checks correctly and ensure the correct argument types are applied. Way better than the typical, double(*f)(int, char). You can go even further and implement full closures in C11, curried and non-curried, and it's mostly all type safe using anonymous structs (see the rest if the repo for the work in progress). [1] https://github.com/naasking/cclosures/blob/typed-clo/closure... Every other value declaration in C is , but function pointer values are different because the name to which its bound is right in the middle of the type. I understand the historical reasons, but it's unnecessarily obtuse, and this fixes that. Declarations of function pointer values are now just like any other value. The macro can't expand to a raw function pointer type without including the name to which it's bound in the macro arguments, once again introducing this obtuseness. Even worse actually, because the bound name is now indistinguishable from the types, where the ordinary syntax, while noisy, clearly distinguishes names from types. This style also matches the closure declaration style, ie. clo(T0, T1, ...), thus providing a seemless transition from function pointer values to actual function values which can carry environments. > Another option is for the macro to define a separate function type typedef (properly mangled with the line number) for the function type and then use it to define a pointer to it. Yes, but this requires forward declarations of the function type, which seems unnecessary. I can now just write: void sort(int* vals, int vcnt, fn(int, int, int) compare); int* filter(int* vals, int vcnt, fn(int, bool) clause, int* rcnt); without any forward declarations, and it's still immediately obvious what's going on. This approach makes C semantically a little more like a functional language without sacrificing a single thing people love about C (I hope). > In practice it just means the compiler can't be proved to halt on valid code. Which is a terrible outcome, and isn't a problem for nearly any other language save C++. > Most others, including its central premise about everything actually being a file, were not (adopted or successful), and turned out they weren't a big deal. Except they are, because Linux reinvented them decades later with lots of hype, but worse, in the form of user-level file systems and containers like Docker. > They could have built those 2 features independently anyway. Except you can't know which features will be a hit in advance, so your research prototype is only a failure if it never gets any adoption, and never inspires something better. Otherwise it was successful in exploring a design space, even if the result is negative. Your argument is the same fallacy as the belief that publishing negative scientific results isn't important. Documenting failed experiments is just as important to growing our understanding as documenting successes. > Crying is correlated with empathy, which is among the most important traits a human can have. I don't know why people place so much emphasis on empathy, as if it's some magical ingredient that other animals lack, or that it's some integral component to society. Other animals have empathy too, and empathy has little to do with moral reasoning. Empathy doesn't make humans special, intelligence and the physical composition/dexterity to make full use of our intelligence is what makes us special. > And ALL those errors can also be triggered with something a type system would no catch : runtime class generation, unexpexted user input, corrupted database, wrong data header, etc) Runtime class generation and unexpected user input can actually be handled in types. Any language with Type:Type, generative modules, first-class modules, and other variations all handle various forms of runtime type generation. Something like lightweight static capabilities [1] can ensure runtime input conforms to expectations encoded in types. Furthermore, you are way underselling types with that restricted list. NameError, SyntaxError, ImportError wouldn't occur in any typed languages at runtime. LookupError, AttributeError, AssertionError, ArithmeticError wouldn't occur in some of them. Finally, your breakdown doesn't cover how frequent any of these errors occur. For example, even if typing were to solve only TypeError, if TypeError consists of 90% of runtime errors, that would be a huge win. [1] http://okmij.org/ftp/papers/lightweight-static-capabilities.... > I love the tied-down nature of iMessage because that keeps it (mostly) free from spam and abuse. Security problems aren't solved through closed protocols, and open protocols don't have to have security problems. > How would you if you can't deternmine type in advance, check for the type it will be ? I don't understand. Compilers do this all the time. Just consider all those programs that dynamically generate code based on objects that they haven't seen in advance, like object-relational mappers. Those can all be statically typed and ensure that they generate correct code [1]. > Absolutly not. Those are not linked to typing in any way, and any decent Python editor catch them. It's all part of compilation, and furthermore, we can type check code generation so that names errors don't even occur in runtime generated code. Sorry, but all of these errors are related to type checking. > AssertionError ? Serioulsy ? Do you even know what it does in Python ? http://research.microsoft.com/apps/pubs/default.aspx?id=1386... Just google "static contract checking" to find plenty of work, including compilers already available for Haskell. Heck, code contracts have been widely deployed on .NET for years now. > And LookupError, unless you got constant sized containers, which has nothing to do with types, you can't check that. Please read the lightweight static capabilities paper I already provided. It demonstrates using the Haskell and OCaml type systems to statically assure that all array bounds are in range, even for dynamically sized structures. So yes, you can check that, which doesn't even go into dependent typing where checking such dynamic properties is the whole point. > ArithmeticError ? Come on ! Are you numbers constants ? You need to check the inputs so that they belong to the domain of your problem, at that's it. Nothing to do with types. You don't seem to realize that types are simply logical propositions about a program. They can be ANY proposition about a program, including that indexing is within bounds, that a concurrent program has no race conditions or deadlocks [2], that programs terminate, that HTML forms correctly serialize/deserialize values from/to structures [1], and more. Like most dynamic typing enthusiasts, you don't have a proper appreciation for the true scope of static typing. You are correct that typing has its costs that aren't always warranted, but you are incorrect about where you draw that line because I don't think you fully understand how powerful static typing truly is. [1] http://www.impredicative.com/ur/ [2] http://www.kb.ecei.tohoku.ac.jp/~koba/typical/ > Instead, he suggests pushing knowledge of your data into your database as this has proven to be more time resilient and takes advantage of the power of these databases. Indeed, moving logic into a relational language is a great idea. If only SQL weren't such a poor pseudo-relational language. This is a great point. I think the way forward is to unite these properties in an append-only schema that can be efficiently queried for a consistent state without requiring expensive transactions. Something like [1] works well enough for RDMSs, but still isn't ideal. [1] http://higherlogics.blogspot.ca/2015/10/versioning-domain-en... Define "created". There's Datalog, LINQ, and Dedalus at the very least, but these aren't available for any widely used data store (except perhaps LINQ on some object database, like NDatabase). All abuse problems are security problems. Abuse is by definition a misuse of authority. Concurrent Revisions [1] are even better IMO. Much simpler to reason about. In fact, if you know how to work with git and other distributed SCM tools, then you already understand the model: branch, do your work locally, then deterministic merge. [1] http://research.microsoft.com/en-us/projects/revisions/ Do they? The papers on CRDTs I've skimmed often mention concurrent revisions, but they've never claimed CR subsume CRDTs. What is the "this paper" you're referring to? The papers at the link I provided don't mention CRDTs much. > Why would it be better for the government to provide this than the existing food distribution and supply chain? It probably isn't, but one possibility is that the government would be such a huge customer, that they have significant negotiating power. Per-unit costs would consequently be much lower. > Thinking back I do not know anyone in my neighborhood who was genuinely a hard working person with no vices. You're mistaking correlation for causation, which many do and is why this debate is so polarizing. Many people develop vices because they are neglected, as a coping mechanism/self-medication for their hopelessness. With more resources, they have more opportunity and don't need to self-medicate as much. This effect has been studied. Good thing everyone will not have more money then. The total money supply remains constant under UBI. I don't think that's a fair summary. Stateful cells have non-local and non-commutative evolution, which is why they're hard to distribute. These frameworks eliminate the non-locality, which isn't negotiable if you want to scale, but at the expense of preserving the requirement that you manually ensure commutativity. Not a bad tradeoff, and I highly recommend the CR papers if you haven't read them. I'd say most programs have a natural expression in terms of revisions, and you're left with only a small set of circumstances where state simply must evolve consistently and atomically (airplane seat reservations, for instance). I would still like a framework for reasoning about these circumstances that integrates naturally with CR though. I still think your last statement is unfair. At worst, the caveat is that the TSP solution is for any graph within a certain class of topologies. Concurrent revisions in particular has been implemented to work in concurrent, parallel and incremental computing, with no change in semantics. So it's pretty darn close to a magic wand, but it can't violate the laws of logic. The authority to send to your mailbox is ambient, meaning anyone can send to it at anytime, and ambient authority is trivially abused. Abuse can only be prevented by doling out least authority, not ambient authority. In this case, at the very least a mailbox address would be a cryptographically unguessable identifier. Ideally, each person to whom you are introduced would get their own unguessable mailbox address that acts as a proxy for your real mailbox, and you can delete that proxy anytime you wish to stop receiving e-mail from that person (and anyone with whom they shared your address). This completely eliminates the viability of selling your personal information to advertisers and spammers. Obviously this process has to be simple and semi-automatic, preferably transparent, or people won't be able to use it (like the web of trust), but the idea is sound, and based on capability security. People already do something like this manually with subaddressing, and it seems the general concept I presented above has an official name as "disposable e-mail addresses" [1]. [1] https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Disposable_email_address > The evidence for the conceivability of p-zombies is in your living room, if you have a television. You can see people on it and they behave intelligently. Are they conscious? Of course not, they're just red, green, and blue dots. I don't see how that constitutes evidence for the conceivability of p-zombies. They're obviously distinguishable from conscious entities with a simple test: ask a TV person a question. > If that were the case, why can't I simply design an artificial brain, a cyber brain, and upload myself in 1000 bodies? What makes you think you can't, at least in principle? And your VR example simply assumes the conclusion: > Maybe Doug Lenat and Geoffrey Hinton collaborated and developed an AI as intelligent as a person, and that's what controls them How do you know the AI isn't conscious? You're simply asserting that it isn't. For all you know, "AI as intelligent as a person" literally isn't possible without consciousness, which makes your assertion inconceivable. Which is why the whole p-zombie thought experiment doesn't convince anyone: if you already think consciousness is physical, then p-zombies aren't conceivable and the thought experiment isn't convincing, and if you already think consciousness is not physical, then p-zombies merely assert the same conclusion you already hold and you're "convinced". > The computer that runs the VR (including the AI controlling the behaviour of the NPCs) might well be conscious, but the NPCs themselves are just pixels. Where and how the information processing actually occurs to produce this intelligence doesn't seem relevant. The NPCs are individually either as intelligent as a person, and equally distinct, or they are not. If they are, they may be conscious. You said they are so intelligent, and therefore, you have no idea whether they are or are not conscious. > It might sense some electrical signals originating from you and your friend's bodysuits, but that isn't going to feel anything like the experience you and your friend are having. I don't see how that's relevant to whether the game system or NPCs are conscious. > faster, lighter, more customizable Pick any two. > I accept that the computer controlling the VR might be conscious of something while it runs the AI software But the AI software/algorithm is exactly what would produce the consciousness, if it were possible to do. So if it runs this algorithm individually for each NPC, then each NPC is conscious. And it clearly must run the algorithm individually because each NPC finds itself in different circumstances, and so must respond differently to its environment, even if they all share the same "personality". > It doesn't use senses the same way you do. I still don't see why that's relevant. Sensory inputs are still just inputs. The AI algorithm also has such inputs since each NPC must respond to its environment. It's strange that you find the physicalist account "hand-wavy", but then use a physicalist model to dispute mind uploads. So do you accept physicalism or don't you? > There's absolutely no reason to believe it experiences any of the qualia experienced by the people immersed in the VR. Firstly, NPCs tautologically don't experience the same qualia, but that doesn't mean they don't experience qualia of their own. Like I said, they respond to their environment, which means they have senses of a sort. > It just behaves as if it does [produce consciousness], like the people on your television screen. How do you know that? You're merely asserting p-zombies exist, you're not proving it. > They're not really there. In what way can you prove you are "really there" in a way that a simulated entity is not? Fundamentally, your matter could very well be a mathematical construct -- see the Mathematical Universe hypothesis, for instance. > They also exist in the form of data on the computer running the VR, but data can't be conscious either, as it's entirely passive, like words in a book the computer can read from and write to. Except they're not, because the NPCs respond intelligently to you and their environment, both of which are always changing, so they aren't anything like passive, unchanging data. No one is claiming that data that isn't changing is conscious, but NPCs don't consist of unchanging data. So they could very well be conscious, and you haven't presented an argument why such intelligent responses would not require consciousness, you've merely been asserting it. And it's not like you don't state that consciousness can't be a computation, because you've said that the game system as a whole might be conscious. So if we agree to assume for the sake of argument that consciousness is a computation, then it will be a particular kind of computation with a certain property, like how sorting algorithms sort their input. Which means any algorithm that has this property produces consciousness. Furthermore, personality differences and sensory input from their environment would just be parameters to such an algorithm. And if game AI needs this consciousness property to make believably intelligent characters, which is what we've been discussing, then each of the NPCs will run this algorithm with their own personality and environment configurations, and each of them will be conscious. The best I can infer about your argument is that these computations don't have access to "real" senses, but this point is entirely irrelevant. All AI senses will reduce to a set of numbers anyway, which means even if the "sensory" inputs we hook them up to are entirely simulated, this makes no difference to the consciousness algorithm . Consciousness would be a logical property, so you can't simultaneously accept that the game system could have consciousness, but the individual NPCs would not. > My consciousness, however, is "really there". You didn't answer the question. You can be sure your consciousness exists, and you grant existence to other conscious people no doubt, but you seem certain that AI consciousness is not in a game of AI NPCs that are just as intelligent as humans, yet provide no justification for that. > Or are you saying that the book is somehow conscious of understanding Chinese simply because there's space in it where the man takes notes? I'm saying that your attempt to define a "locus" where consciousness resides is futile. A CPU is not a person, even though a person can act like a CPU. You're effectively asking which line in a sorting algorithm actually does the sorting. All of it does the sorting, and all of the program+scratch memory that produces intelligent behaviour, would produce consciousness as well. The CPU is completely incidental. If you compile your program for a completely different architecture, or take a snapshot and restore it on another computer, the consciousness moves with the program, it does not stay with the CPU on which it was originally running. > For me types make prototyping WAY faster Agreed. I can prototype an idea almost entirely in types, and if the types make sense, then the implementation often follows naturally. > If you built an android that had every if-statement imaginable coded into it so that it behaved exactly like a human Except this robot is inconceivable, because it would exceed the size of the universe. The conscious android becomes conceivable when you say its on the human scale and yet still exhibits the same behaviours. > Another issue is the purposelessness of consciousness. Why does there have to be experience tied to our reactions to stimuli, if the resulting behaviors are identical. Isn't there quite a bit of wasted energy and skull space that could be better used for more survival oriented if-statements. All of our behavior seems possible without the associated feelings. This theory does explain the purpose of consciousness and qualia, as this poster explains: https://news.ycombinator.com/item?id=11853240 > I mean, you don't just process external stimuli, combine them with an internal state, and generate output signals, like a program would – you can actually "feel" things and see them with "your inner eye"? You're assuming the conclusion that consciousness isn't just processing external stimuli with internal state to generate output signals, just a particular form of it. Can you point to another such property, whereby it's not observable but is a meangingful difference? If not, why should qualia qualify? Except: 1. It isn't a valid observation, because you don't actually observe that consciousness is not part of the process of processing external stimuli. At best, you can observe that consciousness exists. 2. It isn't a valid conclusion even if it were a valid observation. Or do you also conclude that water magically breaks pencils and reconstitutes them when they are removed [1]? [1] http://cdn.c.photoshelter.com/img-get/I0000KUS4vG.ZoqQ/s/860... The question is whether we have justification to believe that it actually exists as a legitimate example. Every other property that we granted such special ontological status has been soundly refuted. Why should I expect this to be any different? The English language consists of over 1,000,000 words. Let's suppose only 200,000 in common use, 1/7 are verbs, 1/2 are nouns. Even if you consider only simple sentences consisting of 3 words with subject-verb-object, the number of permutations of subject-verb-object sentences that an English-speaking human can utter are 28,000 * 100,000 * 28,000 = ~78.5 trillion = ~10^13. This doesn't include adjectives, adverbs, conjunctions or anything more complicated we see in real grammars. Now consider that this sentence you're reading is 33 words long, so the number of permutations of such sentences is hundreds of orders of magnitude larger, on the order of 10^10000. The visible universe is estimated to contain 10^80 particles, so even if you could encode a logic gate that could recognize a word in a single particle, it seems you're still just a tad short if you're looking to hard-code intelligent responses. True understanding consists of building a model to generate new facts as needed, amounting to an impressive compression of facts you've already seen. > You separate each chunk and deal with them independently. Thus replace "The great big elephant" with Bob. "Bob, almost stepped on me." prevents N! word combinations. You're changing the goalposts. The original post claimed to encode all language parsing and intelligent responses as a static set of if-statements; regardless of whether a sentence makes semantic sense, they must still be recognized in any combination in a fixed set of if-branches and responded to intelligently (like the question "why doesn't this sentence make sense?"). That's not feasible for the reasons I describe. Parameterization like you describe is precisely the sort of model that an evolved intelligence would exhibit. I already responded to this point in my last post. Even if you were to parameterize as a form of compression, which is outside the scope of the original point to which I was responding, it still doesn't meaningfully compress the results because I can just generate a whole new impossibly large set of intelligible questions, like "why doesn't sentence X make sense?". The number of sentences that require intelligent answers is simply impossibly huge for a fixed set of if-statements. > in the latter cases we were trying to explain something external that we thought we were observing, whereas with subjective experience we are discussing a phenomenon that we (or at least some of us) directly, infallibly observe. There's no distinction. When I see what looks like a broken pencil sitting in a glass of water, I am observing exactly what I describe. The reason the pencil looks broken is not because I should grant water some magical powers to break and reconstitute pencils, but turned out to be refracted light. Analogously, I can observe that I do have subjective experience, but why should I assume that the reason I have subjective experience is different than all other observables? Why would it be some irreducible, unobservable quality? You seem to be claiming that the existence of subjective experience is reason enough alone, and I don't see how that follows. > I can conceive of no way to logically deduce its occurrence from any physical processes, nor any way to consider them as the same thing. That you cannot conceive of it does not make it inconceivable. In fact, scientific theories [1] exist to explain exactly the functional purpose of consciousness. [1] http://journal.frontiersin.org/article/10.3389/fpsyg.2015.00... > Does his (unobservable) intent make any difference to you? Only in so far as one's intent describes one's view of others. Malicious intent of the sort you describe entails danger towards others, which is observable. > But that doesn't explain the mechanism for conciousness to occur, it just explains why it might exist. It does explain the mechanism actually. The mind builds representations for predictive purposes, it builds a representation of attention because that increases predictive power in achieving goals, a representation of attention is consciousness. Certainly it's not sufficiently detailed such that you can build one, but that's not really needed to make it conceivable. To say that consciousness does not "actually exist" is the same kind of statement as saying that a car does not really exist. Certainly I drive something I call a car to work every morning. I have direct experience of this too. And yet, cars don't really exist at fundamental levels of reality, they are merely aggregates of more fundamental types of matter. And so it is with consciousness. We certainly have consciousness, but to then immediately assign consciousness special ontological status distinct from matter, ie. dualism at worst or panpsychism at best, is a huge leap that requires justification. > Maybe that experience occurs as the result of physical processes, but it's still a separate thing. To say something doesn't really exist is to say that it doesn't have metaphysical status on par with matter. If you say that consciousness really, fundamentally exists, then you're saying that it has the same status in reality as the fundamental particles of physics. We should expect to find some consciousness field and particles upon which it acts; or you would have to posit something like panpsychism which suggests that consciousness is an intrinsic property of all matter. Consciousness not really existing implies that it's an illusion, in the same way that cars, and jobs and countries are an illusion. Certainly they "exist" in some colloquial sense, but they don't exist in a fundamental metaphysical sense. Did you read the paper? Take a look at Figure 1 and contrast 1a and 1b. The combination of perceptions you're paying attention to + focusing on a model of yourself paying attention to your perceptions yields subjectivity. Your brain shifting between the signals from your direct perceptions and signals from your model of yourself focusing on your perceptions is the perceptive difference we call subjective experience. I think the description there explains it quite well if that's unsatisfactory. Certainly it's lacking in sufficient detail to build an artificial consciousness, but it's not lacking in empirical data and testable hypotheses. It's also a perfect example of how subjective experience could be an illusion that exists, and yet still convince us that it's in some sense fundamental. > Parent described it as being able to react to every possible situation ever, but you can get the same effects by hard-coding reactions to just a few millions/billions of possible events/discussions that can happen inside a room (and with coarse definition of distinct events), and just let some person with it in a room for 1-2 hours. Honestly, I've always found any such construct absolutely trivial to identify. I've been able to stump every chatbot with my first question. No agent that doesn't actually understand would be able to pass a Turing test issued by a trained computer scientist, even if limited to 5 questions. > Would a person with Aspergers/autism/etc pass that test? Sure, my first question is always simple direct semantics test. Perhaps something like, what's the third word of this sentence if you start counting from the second word? Mitsuku chatbot that won the 2013 chatbot competition got this one right, but if I just slightly rephrased it to, "If I were to ask you what the third word of this sentence is if you started counting from the second word, what would you say?", it got it flat wrong despite having just answered it. Reflective questions like this are good tests of understanding that are trivial for a person to answer, not so trivial for a system that doesn't truly understand what it's reading. > Integer IDs are definitely easier, but I've seen it cause so many security issues -- "hmm, I wonder what happens if I manually type in /user/239?" You're misidentifying the actual security problem. Using URLs in this manner requires cryptographically secure random numbers, or my preferred method is to HMAC the URL to sign it's protected parameters. I actually wrote a small library for .NET called Clavis to demonstrate this idea [1]. The MAC acts as the cryptographically secure identifier needed to make the URL unguessable. [1] https://higherlogics-trac.sourcerepo.com/higherlogics_clavis... You can avoid the need for two IDs if you HMAC the URL. There's a single private key on the server used to generate and verify the MAC on subsequent requests. But if you replicate your DB, now you also have to replicate your filesystem. Easier to just segregate BLOBs in their own tables and let DB replication do all the work. > "In mathematics you don't understand things. You just get used to them." - This quote highlights precisely why I ended up choosing software engineering over maths. Haha probably the most unintentionally funny and ironic comment I've read in awhile. Given more than 50% of software projects fail, which is worse than chance, I think it's safe to say the no one really understands software engineering either. Like math, they just get used to doing some things that seem to work better than others. Haskell does it automatically as an optimisation: if an algebraic type has fewer than 2-3 cases, then it inline the tag bits directly into the pointer, thus saving an indirection on pattern match. Some C data structures also make use of low level bit tricks like this to save space and reduce indirections. For instance, the hash-array mapped Trie uses a 32 bit mask to both track which indices of the current node are actually populated, and incidentally, how large the node currently is. It's quite clever. These are always my foot examples to evaluate any alleged systems programming language. No language less powerful than a theorem prover is currently capable of expressing these idioms safely. L4.sec is already formally verified. So the microkernel is already done. You need the user land services to provide POSIX compatibility, and that you can possibly do in Rust. To be fair, Ada has a lot of library cruft for dynamically sized structures that you don't have to deal with in C. It can be pretty annoying. Looks cool, thanks. They should take the opportunity to fix a few Unix/ACL security problems though, instead of just reproducing the same old POSIX quagmire. Make chroot isolation complete with plan9-like private namespaces, don't implement the traditional broken user/group security model and instead learn from the Polaris virus safe computing prototype (they're already partway there by using the capability secure seL4 kernel). I would personally also want to eliminate a lot of the duplication in the POSIX API, but that probably won't fly. Can have your cake and eat it too. > Physicalism of the mind isn't unanimously accepted in philosophy. Sure, and nonphysicalists believe in magic. It's a false analogy though. Brains don't run software the way computers run software. The brain's behaviour is emergent from its physical structure. > Different races within the US have different intelligence levels, and that intelligence is highly predictive of adult outcomes I think tying this to race is a mistake. The data shows such correlations, but there are also correlations between race and socioeconomic status, and socioeconomic status and intelligence. The way you phrase this implies a premature conclusion about race when in reality it's likely not about race at all. It's still ridiculous to tie it to 'race' because, a) there is no real biological classification of race, which means all of this data using such classifications is already inherently biased, and b) mere correlation again does not entail a causation, so there could very well be a third variable that ties it all together. I can think of a bunch right off the top of my head, like stereotype threat and the still all too common racism resulting in many educational disadvantages for black students. > Race, or some hidden variable correlated to it, is highly predictive even after accounting for income and similar things. Since you're convinced of this position, please provide a biological definition of each "race" you think shows this effect, and we'll see if the data actually agrees with your claims. > Pontificating over unanswerable questions is little more than a waste of time. You clearly don't understand philosophy. Some philosophers like hearing their own voice talk about such questions, just like some physicists are themselves crackpots. Most philosophers are trying to properly define an otherwise ill-defined subject, and the only way to do that is via various types of thought experiments, just like Einstein did when he formulated his theory of relativity. Or did you not know that science is natural philosophy? Except computer behaviour isn't emergent from its structure, it's emergent from its programming which happens after its structure is fully formed. And neural structure changes during its operation, which most computers don't. They aren't remotely the same thing. Certainly you can simulate this operation of neural structure, but to suggest they are effectively the same is to suggest that cars and mice are effectively the same. They're both just made of matter aren't they? I commented on that specific line because that exact sentiment is all too common, and entirely unjustified. > The dynamic world lets us have inconsistent code that partially works, rather than forcing us to follow up on all the places reached by the ripple effect of a change. Maybe the change turns out to be a bad idea in the end; then it was a waste of effort. Except you can mostly do this reasoning just using the types. So you're rarely updating everything, you're just updating a few type definitions to see if your idea meshes well, and then you have to do the large refactoring. It was the only messenger available for MOST platforms, including the then-dominant BlackBerry. It provided feature parity with BBM, including guaranteed delivery of prompt failure notices, which was a bigger deal then. It's why my friends and I started using it years ago. See the LtU post [1] for the paper backing this project. [1] http://lambda-the-ultimate.org/node/5237 It synchronizes multiple CAS operations an ensures they all execute "atomically" upon k-CAS completion. > And if the "hacker" loses, it invalidates code as contract completely. I don't think it does. You've replaced expensive legal fees with an automatically executed contract that costs you nothing after initial setup. As long as most people end up satisfied with their outcomes, then there's still great value in smart contracts for this reason alone, even if some unhappy customers still end up in court. > The problem is, Gödel's incompleteness theorem applies to a system that contains the complexity of the set of all real numbers As others have corrected that this should be naturals, I'll just also note that you can derive incompleteness just from addition and multiplication over naturals. So while you're correct that plenty of systems don't need full multiplication, you run into limitations quickly. Then you need proper theorem proving to recover the missing verification power. > What's wrong with centralized decision making and planning out everything for years? The rest I can agree with, but 1) in any company, you need centralized decision making or you won't get anything done; the point of a company is not to be a democracy, it's to be a machine that generates profit, and centralized decision making accomplishes that. No it doesn't. Top-level decision makers are poorly informed about what's possible and what's actually effective. Complete top-down decision making is Dilbert incarnate. Top-level executives need to make the goals of the company clear to team managers, and that's not just "profit", and they need to set the constraints that any direction in pursuit of those goals must satisfy (such as legal or marketing requirements), and let the engineers find optimal solutions within that space. Engineers excel at finding effective solutions given a set of constraints, executives excel at defining business policies that effectively shape a successful business. Let each employ their appropriate skill set. > And 2) what can possibly be wrong with planning things out far ahead? Inflexibility to changing market conditions. Having invested time, money and effort into forming such an intricate long-term plan drives us to stupidly believing sunk cost fallacies, and ignore evidence of ineffectiveness. > Now imagine you stacked 2ms GC pauses into that level of the system. That would be a barely serviceable kernel. Forget any real-time facilities. Real-time just means bounded latency. If 2ms was a hard upper bound, that's hard realtime. If it's ~90% bounded by 2ms with a small variance, that's soft realtime. > I keep trying to get people to not use C++ for these but funny it's almost a trend now. I can understand why L4 choose C++ at the time, as it had stricter checking than C, but OS kernels have very little internal code reuse that necessitates inheritance or templates. This is doubly true of microkernels. There is literally no reason to use C++ in this domain. Ada or C, and soon Rust should be the only considerations IMO. > It's weird that languages with unpredictable runtime characteristics such as Java and C# are being advertised as systems programming languages. Languages don't have unpredictable runtime characteristics, only specific language runtimes have unpredictable language characteristics. One could replace the standard .NET runtime GC with a hard realtime GC, and .NET would then have more predictable runtime characteristics than C and C++. > With GC languages you don't have any - the GC will kick in unpredictably. This is only true of specific GC implementations. Incremental GCs never pause the program. On-the-fly and realtime GCs pause the program for a few microseconds. Slower I can understand, but I don't see how a C# interface could possibly be inherently more complicated than a C or C++ interface for something like an image library, at least to the extent you're implying. Even hardware interfacing via memory mapped addresses would just need a small shim and types that are byte compatible with C structs you can call via P/invoke, isn't particularly complicated. Can you give a specific example of what you're referring to? > They also see their own future. So, what they decide for the company might actually not much to do with what the company does. That's exactly what I said executives should do: set goals and constraints on how to fulfill those goals. You're just saying that companies can change goals, and that's fine. You just tell your employees that your goals are changing, so they shift focus to the new goals. You're still not making decisions for them other than overall direction. Right, the point is that the arbiter can evolve independently of the contract logic (via establishing new precedent). The contract would just specify a unique, unforgeable designator for the arbiter to use. The fact that machines don't understand doesn't entail they can't understand given a suitable model for what constitutes "understanding". We simply lack such a model. > To be fair, ethereum has bytecode at its base- almost certainly someone will wrote a more declarative language on top of it now to help minimize the chance that unexpected calling trees can lead to unexpected behavior. The mismatch between executable code and high-level language is a known attack vector called the "full abstraction" problem. This has already been used to subvert the CLR and the JVM. If your bytecode is not inherently secure, and you permit executing arbitrary bytecode, then any language running on top that builds more sophisticated invariants that aren't enforceable via the bytecode are very likely vulnerable. Sure, but I thought we were talking about what makes for good management. Bad managers either need to be reformed or fired. Right, so the complication is just duplicating the interface in C# for interop, which obviously isn't needed if you just use the SDK language. Still, this just hides the complexities of using that language, like memory safety and garbage collection, so it seems hard to definitively state that it's more complicated than it otherwise would be. What sort of performance issues do you see? Do you mean the p/invoke/marshalling costs? > For instance if you were a V.P. at an mortgage company you could push your underlings to make bad loans. Even though in the long term it will hurt the company when those individuals default, in the short-term you will look awesome. Having metrics to measure success is of course important. While micro metrics like lines of code produced per day are easily gamed, metrics like number of successful projects divided by the estimated risk are not. For the mortgage, number of mortgages divided my estimated risk is similar, and would easily identify the managers that are putting the company at risk to game their metrics. > Or for instance when a V.P.s boss makes a wide ranging decision about the company will move in a new direction. For instance "To the cloud". Do you mean that the CEO is declaring that the company should use the cloud for all of their products, or that the company is to become a cloud provider? Because the former is exactly the wrong type of decision that I've been talking about, and the latter is exactly the kind of decision they should make. > Planning things far ahead doesn't mean you're rigidly bound to those plans, it just means you have goals you've set and you're going to work towards unless things change, forcing you to alter those plans. Except that's not what the original poster was talking about. The OP specifically referenced the centralized planning of communist states, which are poorly informed and inflexible to changing conditions, just like I said, and they employ deceptive propaganda even among the people that are supposed to help them realize their plans. Nothing wrong with having a rough strategy that you openly share with your employees so you can all work towards realizing. That's exactly the kind of planning I described in fact. > More complex contracts should re-use smaller, proven contracts. This assumes that compositions of unexploitable contracts are themselves not exploitable, which isn't true in general. > You go to court to help recover your "money" -- aka bitcoins, because it was a fraudulent transaction. I don't understand what this means. Courts don't only consider cases where you pay ordinary money for an exhcange of goods. Contracts exist for purely material exchanges, so I don't see "give me bitcoin for X" wouldn't count. You can circumvent the bounds checking via unsafe code, and avoid heap allocation by using structs. Not sure what non-deterministic memory usage means. You haven't specified what the right tool is. I think classifying C/C++ as the right tool is contentious too for the reasons I outline. The "type wrangling" isn't there for no good reason, the reasons are quite clear: to maintain memory safety and benefit from automatic memory management. There's also the possibility that you're making it more complicated than it needs to be. > The problem of understanding properties of the contract may be NP-hard [1] i.e. practicallly uncomputable. The difficulty makes good contract design a valuable service (like hiring lawyers). Otherwise everyone would just write their own contracts. A more declarative, less powerful language would have opened this up at the expense of contract succinctness. > I'd love to see an example of such a restricted contract language. A Formal Language for Analyzing Contracts, http://szabo.best.vwh.net/contractlanguage.html Composing contracts: an adventure in nancial engineering, https://lexifi.com/files/resources/MLFiPaper.pdf Which ever border the "victim" files, and if the judge rules against you, your assets in that region can be seized. > What you described is basically abstract interpretation and if it was designed properly then the type system would have taken care of the simulation piece. Actually, termination checkers often compare the size of the term being reduced before and after an evaluation step, and if it can prove that it's always smaller, then termination is assured. With the notion of finite amounts of gas, termination seems assured, so this termination analysis can (and should) be added to EVM. Based on this termination property, all sorts of static analyses now become possible. > Ethereum without Turing completeness already exists and its called Bitcoin. There are an infinite number of non-Turing complete languages. Not-Turing complete != Bitcoin. This argues for a temporal logic, not for recursion. Something like: http://szabo.best.vwh.net/contractlanguage.html > only a handful of problem domains are best modelled as interacting graphs of mutable objects, and the set grows smaller over time. Indeed, the CRUD service itself is an OO interface (send it GET/POST messages to an endpoint). How that's implemented behind that need not be OO. > That's the most interesting point to me, I deeply believed that organisms share the same basic set of genes. It should seem obvious in retrospect. Turing machines have many incarnations as different instruction sets in modern CPUs. I don't see why cells wouldn't have analogous multiple expressions, unless your deep belief was that there was only one way for protein chains to replicate. Stylesheets would be smaller, and only execute slightly slower on the client due to the expansions needed. Trading rendering speed for network speed is a good choice. Seems like an interesting project. How does it compare to zerotier: https://www.zerotier.com/ > Rendering performance (animations, scrolling, etc.) is one of the key reasons why native is perceived to be winning vs. the Web. Except this is an argument against JavaScript driven behaviour, not against a restricted styling language slightly more expressive than CSS. The fact that we would be able to move some of this dynamic behaviour from a general purpose language where optimizing redraw is difficult, to a domain-specific language where optimizing redraw is loads easier would yield performance improvements, not regressions. You've seemingly ignored the main thrust of my point in order to quibble over what I meant by optimising redraw. Seems dishonest at best. Do you agree or disagree that a domain-specific layout language with would be faster to render and animate than a general purpose programming language interacting with the DOM? This seems like an undeniable yes. Do you agree or disagree that such a layout language could supplant some of the uses of JavaScript over the years? This too seems to be an undeniable yes. So it seems undeniable that modern browsers would be faster than they currently are on the metrics you criticised them as compared to native apps, which seems to be your primary concern. And you can claim gzip is good enough to eliminate any space savings a more expressive language would yield, but the fact is people still minify their JS and CSS for significant savings, which means even small differences matter; further, domain specific optimisations have significant effects, and a precompiler could perform advanced common subexpression elimination passes to further compress beyond what gzip could dream of without affecting the semantics your layout. So theoretically and empirically it seems my point that trading off rendering speed for network speed is not only well motivated, but already settled in my favour. DSSSL is not Scheme, it's a domain-specific language, which solves nearly all of your objections that aren't conjecture. Domain-specific languages are obviously much more amenable to optimization. Such a stylesheet language can be trivially cache JIT compiled stylesheets, and because they're more expressive, you'd see more reuse across pages, and possibly even across sites. The bandwidth savings are non-linear. > The tax code is so overwhelmingly in favour of the investing class that, if it were re-balanced, you wouldn't have to take anyone's money to achieve a similar outcome in a decade. Except this 1% are exactly the sort that have the resources to just leave Canada if it ceases to be financially favourable. It's unfortunately not so cut and dry. > A great many pensioners and households would have suffered, but then the government could have introduced emergency bankruptcy laws and ameliorated the worst of it. Exactly, bail out the people, not the corrupt institutions. Except if you dig deeper into those stats, you'll see that something like 5% of the same cops account for over 40% of "resisting arrest" charges, and 15% account for ~75% of those cases [1]. So most of it seems to come down to the police and how they approach making arrests. [1] http://project.wnyc.org/resisting/ Now you're reaching. Read the accompanying story for more information. This is a widely recognizing problem. > Physics has been stuck on this problem for almost a century now. Philosophy won't help. This "problem" is exactly a metaphysical one, so only philosophy can help. And there are plenty of interpretations that don't suffer from these problems too, like de Broglie-Bohm. I wouldn't equate philosophy with formal systems, philosophy is more about what a formal system is, what formalisms actually mean, and deciding when they are important tools for knowledge, and when they are not. The focus hasn't been on developing more complicated theories, but instead on developing less complicated theories. This provides additional explanatory power, and provides a mental model in which we can ponder thought experiments that may yield further insights. For instance, many-worlds is actually conceptually and formally simpler than Copenhagen. > I personally think pilot-wave theory is about to make a serious comeback in this coming decade. Which is a shame, because John Bell of Bell's theorem was already a fan back in the 60s. He correctly labelled non-locality as the fundamental problem of QM, where other interpretations just let them gloss over this difficulty by labeling such questions "non-physical". But realistically, I think information-theoretic formalizations of QM will simply gain more popularity in rather than something like de Broglie-Bohm. There's simply too much anti-realism sentiment in the physics community for it to gain much traction. > While there are solutions, mainly centering on finding a natural foliation, the tension with relativity has not really been resolved, a tension which exists regardless of interpretation. Exactly, John Bell had it right 50 years ago: non-locality is the problem of QM that needs to be solved, and other interpretations let you simply gloss over the problem without really addressing it. The recent work for finding a natural foliation present in any formalism with a wave function, including Bohmian mechanics, proves every QM shares this problem (or if you think one doesn't, then none of them do for the exact same reasons). > Philosophy is the practice of looking into questions without clear-cut answers. Indeed, or the practice of asking questions about the nature of questions, ie. what questions are meaningful, well-formed, yield knowledge, etc. in any given subject. When you understand the nature of the questions in a particular subject, then you're no longer practicing philosophy, you're gathering knowledge of that subject, ie. math, physics, chemistry, etc. > It would be like "... because of these logical inconsistencies ... x, y, z quantum mechanics is actually governed by hidden variables, q.e.d" They already do this. Many philosophers of science pursue realist interpretations of QM though, like de Broglie-Bohm, and so they aren't published very widely. The measurement problem is the serious stumbling block for anti-realist interpretations, and why many such philosophers are realists. The measurement problem just doesn't trouble practicing physicists. > I'm honestly a bit surprised that no one makes this argument in favor of the many-worlds interpretation of quantum mechanics, as it's the only theory which accounts for all experimental evidence while not forcing us to invent a mechanism that "eliminates" the many realities that we don't want to accept, while in fact they arise naturally out of the theory. I think you're projecting the existence of these worlds. Certainly you could view the equations that way, or you could view the particles as fundamentally real and obeying a non-classical law of motion, as in de Broglie-Bohm, which was actually the first the interpretation to correctly account for measurement. > Math is not reality, sometimes it happens to describe reality, sometimes it doesn't Conjecture. It seems self-evident that our reality reflects the structure of basic discrete mathematics, ie. if there are two apples, eating one leaves 1 apple. No amount of rationalization will refute this fact. The fact is, the basic structure of our world is mathematical in some way. > resolving the issues that string theory does resolve. Is there a list of such issues somewhere? > It should go without saying that Solomonoff induction is totally useless for practical applications, if interesting theoretically. Indeed, just like Turing machines and the lambda calculus. Still an important theoretical step though! It is conjecture, because the most parsimonious position is a form of Platonism, of which the mathematics describing our world is but one structure in the mathematical universe. Even if you wanted to subscribe to some form of mathematical naturalism, that still doesn't support your point that math that doesn't appear to have a natural analogue, doesn't physically exist. We thought this of many prior mathematical abstractions, like complex numbers and non-euclidean geometry, and they are both now indispendensible tools for describing reality as we know it. > You didn't address a single point I made, repeating yourself is not a valid form of argument. You didn't make any points, you merely repeated the dogma that there exist maths that have no physical analogue, which I already addressed in my first post. I merely provided more context on the philosophy of mathematics so you can read up on why your position is problematic at best. > You are effectively claiming that all maths are physics No I didn't. I pointed out the least problematic and most accepted position on that question, which refutes your claim that your position on mathematics is obviously the only valid position. Your question about the sqrt(-1) is perfectly exemplary of the elementary misunderstanding of what your position entails. Abstractions don't exist a vacuum. I can just as easily ask you of the physical analogue of the number 1. It's a meaningless question. Mathematics is an abstraction describing structure , and many things share the structure of the number 1. The structure of the sqrt(-1) appears in many places, like in wave mechanics. The fact that you conflate maths with the particular syntax we use is another elementary misunderstanding. A grammar also has a structure, and we use that to represent the structure of mathematical objects, but math is not about syntax. Finally, on the matter of absurdity, I suggest you reread my previous post. While you amazingly seem to think it's devoid of content, I can assure you that I point to two primary philosophies of mathematics, one which disagrees and one which sort of agrees with you, but still doesn't support your claims. It's up to you if you actually want to learn what mathematical truth is really about. > Great, then you agree with me, all math isn't physics, and there's nothing more to talk about. No I don't. I'm disagreeing that your position is self-evident as you've claimed, and you've still failed to recognize that. > Making wildly ridiculous claims that amount to "microservice are silly" (my paraphrase) when really they've only managed to successfully sandbox applications No, you don't understand the Sandstorm infrastructure. Sandstorm abstracts the data from the application via the Cap'N Proto protocol, so the user , not the application, is in full control of the application data. The common data format makes all sorts of interesting isolation policies possible, like containerizing internal application state . There is very little precedent for this sort of feature. At least you can still experiment with vacuum pressures! > Haskell was written to mimic C++ more than lisp, at least when it comes to meta programming. Depends what you mean by "metaprogramming". Most people would consider type class "abuse" metaprogramming, but it's definitely not something inspired by C++. Right, so then Haskell type classes qualify, and my original point stands. Certainly the type class language is limited, but common extensions make it Turing complete [1]. [1] https://mail.haskell.org/pipermail/haskell/2006-August/01835... I don't like the approach here, and the fact that it's gcc-specific. Many years ago I wrote a small macro library for discriminated unions/sums which I think is much cleaner and looks like actual C [1]. With some fancier variable macros + C11, you can even make closures in C viable [2]. [1] https://github.com/naasking/libsum [2] Incomplete, but both curried and uncurried closures are possible: https://github.com/naasking/cclosures > Math equations do not have to be related to anything in the physical world. Not to derail this into philosophy, but that position is conjecture. There are people who adopt a position where all mathematical concepts actually derive from physical structures, ie. a kind of mathematical physicalism. These people hold that the reduction of math to the physical may be obscure, like a reduction of economics to physics, but still real. Someone else suggested below to get a personal trainer just to get over the hump. Alternately, schedule firm dates to exercise with someone else as a change of pace. > I'm especially interested in fasting. Not eating for 3 days a month does not seem especially healthy. I'm surprised many believe this. It seems self-evident that our bodies are well adapted to periods of starvation. Any biology that wasn't so adapted would have been out-competed by those did. The link to cancer is typically due to free radical theories causing genetic damage, and caloric restriction is being employed to help cancer patients last longer. > The worst part is, I'm not sure which is a more rational desire. Is my my privacy concern undue paranoia? Probably. Getting a DNA sample from you would be trivial if someone really wanted it. You throw off genetic material all the time. At worst, having it already archived on a service lowers the barrier slightly. It's interesting that his own points argue against his own conclusion. For instance, "I can't but remind you for one more time that the source of troubles is usually in humans, not technology", doesn't jive with the conclusion that C/C++ are here to stay, nor does it agree with his point that he was annoyed with the restrictions Rust placed on him. If humans are the problem, then a language that restricts these problematic human urges in a way that maximizes safety and extensibility is an important solution. C/C++ does only one of these, and not very well either. Any solution that strikes a better balance will replace C/C++ eventually, and I think Rust is on the right track. > My metaphor is "playing catch". Toss the ball, hope your partner tosses it back. Repeat. The goal is to keep the game going. Some one doesn't throw the ball back, oh well, move on to next partner. Also known as "tit for tat" in the Iterated Prisoner's Dilemma, a very successful strategy. > Surely this is a good thing? We (as a species) have been growing exponentially in an unsustainable manner. Population growth has been slowing due to increases in quality of living, and is set to peak around 2050. Then we'll experience population deflation, which may be even more problematic than inflation. The real cost of a true "context switch" is the transition from user level to kernel level, which takes thousands of cycles. This cost isn't incurred on a userland context switch, so those costs aren't comparable. Very neat technology for a possibly carbon neutral fossil fuel economy. Indeed, black body radiation isn't very effective at dissipating heat! My knowledge of current timings are admittedly a little out of date since my microkernel days are behind me. Even the 150 cycles another poster suggested is still a significant cost over a userland context switch. > It results in visual differences, and it's doubly stupid that this is touted as an "advancement" just for the rate case that you want to override the title bar. Which is a stupid idea in and of itself. It means there's no trusted path to the window manager that programs can't spoof. > The author is acting like each food has arbitrary properties that make them food or bad for weight loss. But they might for him . The point is that he's analyzing what he feels like eating without worrying about caloric content in order to achieve a steady state where he's losing weight. If he can eat eggs until he's sated and lose weight, or he can eat cereal until he's sated and gain weight, the caloric difference is irrelevant to the question of what foods he should be eating to not have to think about counting calories while feeling sated. This is a personal question about what foods count as good or bad, not a general conclusion, and the author says as much. This kind of personalized analysis via machine learning is probably going to be a big thing in the coming years. Not all salads are equivalent. A mashed avocado kale salad is simply wicked: http://www.food.com/recipe/kale-salad-with-avocado-for-two-4... The avocado makes it really creamy and rich. It's been used quite a bit: http://okmij.org/ftp/tagless-final/JFP.pdf > It leaves me scratching my head because I don't think serialization is that hard a problem. It is a hard problem, at least if you want to achieve concision, make it parseable, and support schema upgrade. > "Traditional POSIX threading models, IPC interfaces, and file system access are being replaced by platform and vendor-specific APIs and frameworks such as Grand Central Dispatch [18], Binder [29], DBus [25], and SQLite [1]." And good riddance. File systems are almost universally terrible [1]. Threading with shared state is also a terrible idea because it's too general, not to mention the poor APIs used to manage them. IPC is something that's still unfortunately undergoing constant revision, and the structured binary vs. text wars unfortunately both have merit. I think structured text output via a domain-specific language (DSL) is really the proper answer, somewhat like how a REPL works. This DSL is ultimately simple to construct within C since it would be lisp-like in its structure so it doesn't need an IDL compiler, although its textual syntaz shouldn't be lisp-like. stdin can then nicely format DSL output for the user. Best of all worlds between text, binary, and structured formats. [1] https://danluu.com/file-consistency/ > Serialisation is its own problem. Should have nothing to do with IPC. Yes and no. There's significant utility to standardizing serialization in your IPC layer. IPC consists of exchanging domain-specific messages, so the message types can be specified in a header shared between endpoints, and data gets serialized in a standard format. The IPC API then simply reduces to sending/receiving data to/from endpoints, like channels in CPS. And ideally it should be higher-order so you can send an endpoint to another endpoint. So you don't need to standardize the serialization, but then you just get a plethora of incompatible formats. Decent overview of many concepts, but the opening line isn't strictly true: > A type is a collection of possible values. A type is a proposition, and "This binding has one of these possible values" is merely one type of proposition. So a type is much more powerful than a simple set-based interpretation, even though this is how most people think about it. For instance, in Haskell you can encode a region calculus that ensures prompt reclamation of file handles and other scarce resources [1]. The relations between nested regions to ensure correctness seems awkward to interpret as a set, but it's straightforward if you just think of types as a relation. [1] http://okmij.org/ftp/Haskell/regions.html#light-weight Why not just learn Coq or Agda yourself? There are also sorts of introductions for simple type systems that I'm sure you can build off of. Since this articles is about types, any behaviour the compiler doesn't check or doesn't generate a type error is "allowed". > * if your test suite has 100% coverage of arguments/return-value and field usage, you have type checked your program. This is absolutely false. Others have pointed this out, but types are much more general than runtime checks in dynamically typed languages. For instance, you can check at compile-time that your program doesn't have data races or deadlocks: http://www-kb.is.s.u-tokyo.ac.jp/~koba/typical/ Or design a library in Haskell to ensure file handles and other scarce resources are promptly reclaimed: http://okmij.org/ftp/Haskell/regions.html#light-weight Neither of these are testable in dynamically typed languages. Static types are much more powerful than dynamic types, in general. > While such distinctions are certainly useful, an introductory/broad-overview explanation like this seems to benefit without such complications/distractions. I don't think misrepresenting types is the way to go. An introduction like I just gave seems simple enough, where a type is a proposition about a program, and you just then explain that most such propositions are "variable X may take on values from set Y". It's important not to perpetuate the false notion that sets of simple sets of values suffice to explain types, because it entails the common and equally false notion that full test coverage in a dynamically typed language suffices to match the safety of a statically typed language. It's not pedantry, it's a basic definition. There are plenty of languages with stronger type properties that can't be captured by types-as-sets. While the current introduction may be simple, it's also wrong. I never claimed it was the only valid definition, but the current set-theoretic definition is simply wrong. The propositional definition is at least right (and fairly common), and isomorphic to other definitions. > (Static) types may be seen as propositions, but this is just one interpretation of them. We can also interpret types as sets (although this doesn't work out very well except in very simple languages), as domains (most commonly), as cpos, as relations over closed terms (PERs), and so forth. Right, I wasn't advancing the propositional definition as the only one, merely as one that sufficiently captures the generality, because the article's current definition of types-as-sets is insufficiently general. > And of what consquence is this purported "error" to the reader of this article? Did you even read my comments? I already listed one falsehood that pervades our industry because types are misunderstand in exactly this way: "It's important not to perpetuate the false notion that sets of simple values suffice to explain types, because it entails the common and equally false notion that full test coverage in a dynamically typed language suffices to match the safety of a statically typed language." This is blatantly, perniciously false, no doubt leading many people to choose dynamically typed languages to their detriment, yet this is what a reasonable person could conclude from the definitions in this article. Finally, Newtonian physics governs every interaction an average person will have in their lifetime. The analogy that types-as-sets will suffice for nearly every interaction with types that a programmer will have in their lifetime is simply false. The fact that some programmers don't go beyond their first introduction to types makes a wrong definition almost dangerously false, given how much of our society is run by software. > "Collection" doesn't necessarily imply "set"; perhaps the author chose this word on purpose to avoid such complaints? I think it's still wrong, but let's get concrete in the more unusual type systems to check. What is the "collection of values" for a type in TyPiCal [1]? What is the "collection of values" for substructural types, like linear types [2] or affine types [3]? I don't think "collection", set-based or otherwise, can capture these types. [1] http://www-kb.is.s.u-tokyo.ac.jp/~koba/typical/ [2] https://www.cs.cmu.edu/~fp/courses/linear/handouts/lintt.pdf [3] http://users.eecs.northwestern.edu/~jesse/pubs/alms/tovpucel... No one except mathematicians and type theorists are using HoTT, where every programmer in existence is using first-order and sometimes second-order logic. I think it should be obvious which is more appropriate if this is supposed to be an introduction. The idea that types express propositions in first- or second-order logic about a program one is writing is sufficiently general for every programmer to understand the proper scope of type checking. Types-as-sets is simply false as an introductory concept. I mean pretty much every programmer, even C programmers. Simple business logic is rife with such propositions. Note that I didn't say they use first-order logic to encode invariants in types or anything, but they obviously use it everyday to write programs Haskell programmers also use higher order logic, which is also common now in Java and C#. Hmm, I don't think you're being very charitable. That these programmers can write working programs suggest they sufficiently understand disjunction, conjunction, negation, conditionals and quantification. Perhaps they have trouble abstracting the semantics from their preferred language and/or syntax, but that doesn't mean they don't grasp their meaning. That's definitely not being charitable. Subtyping has some pretty subtle interaction with other typing features, which is why it's still being studied more than 20 years after Cardelli's "Subtyping Recursive Types". The pernicious conflation of subtyping and subclassing in common OO programming languages just compounds the confusion. > Formalism aside, it seems like it's most useful in practice to think of type as defining what can be done with a value. That might be a simpler way of explaining it, since "proposition" is rather abstract. Or perhaps, a type defines the valid state transitions your program can undergo at any given point, ie. given the data in your program (the program state S0), the types of all of that data define a set of valid transitions to another data set (program state S1). > If a type couldn't be regarded as a collection of values in a strict language, then induction on datatypes would simply be unsound. Just because induction on some types is sound, does not entail that induction on all types is sound. Indeed it's not in general, even though it may be in specific languages. > Yes, it is their job, by not allowing subclasses to be used as subtypes. That's probably too extreme. Subtyping should just be explicitly declared rather than implicit when subclassing. > If by "interesting" you mean constant hurricane force convective flows going 24/7 between a scorching hell and frozen wastelands. Hey, at least it's a short walk between cooking your food and icing your drink! Magic operates in ways we don't understand. I think we understand negative energy density, we just don't know if it's possible in reality. > If classes are types, subsclasses should be subtypes Disagree. C++ added private inheritance for a good reason. There are scenarios when you want to inherit part of an implementation, but override some of the behaviour for code reuse without inheriting any kind of subtyping relationship. There are also scenarios where you want to declare a subtype without inheriting any parent behaviour. So ultimately subtyping is distinct from subclassing. Then data types are a restricted notion of types for which induction applies, so we agree that types in general are not a collection of values. > And as for C not being low-level enough, that was my point - C is as low level as you can be, before you become unportable. I don't think that's true. You can add first-class support for bitdata [1], much better than C's bit flags and portable, better support for alignment declarations, better/safer support for absolute addresses, native SIMD-like vectors [2], exposing arithmetic carry flags, and more without losing portability. [1] http://web.cecs.pdx.edu/~mpj/pubs/bitdata-icfp05.pdf [2] https://gcc.gnu.org/onlinedocs/gcc/Vector-Extensions.html I actually prefer a ternary arrangement that lets you chain arbitrary such expressions like a truth table: return (value >= radix) ? error.InvalidChar: (comeCondition) ? error.OtherError: ... value; aka Bohmian mechanics, aka the de Broglie-Bohm interpretation of QM. It definitely doesn't get enough serious attention IMO. > It is a thing. We know how to study correlations between brain activity and conscious experience. The hard problem involves figuring out how brain activity causes conscious experience. Actually the hard problem is figuring out how anything can cause conscious experience/qualia. The insurmountable difficulty is explaining how first-hand knowledge can be explained with only third-hand knowledge. The only resolution for something like scientific materialism is to deny that first-hand knowledge actually exists, and consciousness is a fully third-hand knowledge system giving the illusion of first-hand knowledge [1] [1] http://journal.frontiersin.org/article/10.3389/fpsyg.2015.00... > I mean, this sort of scepticism is applicable if you don't have consciousness yourself. Do you not see, hear, smell, think or otherwise perceive? The OP is suggesting that experience isn't first-hand knowledge the way it appears to be. Certainly he agrees that we appear to have first-hand knowledge, but this appearance is only a cosmetic illusion, a trick that lends some adaptive advantage. Something like: http://journal.frontiersin.org/article/10.3389/fpsyg.2015.00... > Why would materialism/physicalism require that first hand knowledge not exist? If consciousness is explainable in terms of physical processes, then first hand knowledge would exist and be part of that process. You cannot describe first-hand facts using only third-hand facts. This is the core philosophical dilemma in the hard problem of consciousness. Consider something like Mary's Room. What sort of third-hand description of "what it is like to see red" would describe the first-hand experience of seeing red? How can you actually capture data describing "what it is like"? The only solution seems to be to deny that "what it is like" is first-hand knowledge at all, and that it is actually a set of third-hand facts that merely yields the illusion of first-hand knowledge, and so the hard problem reduces to explaining how this illusion comes about. > Nagle, for example, might say that first hand knowledge absolutely exists, but it is "off limits" to anyone but the organism experiencing it. If physicalism is true, then all facts must be reducible to the physical. If everything is reducible to the physical, then the experiences of the organism are also so reducible and must have a third-hand description. If experiences are not so reducible, then physicalism is false and no amount of third-hand knowledge can produce first-hand knowledge. These are exhaustive and mutually exclusive options. > I'm not sympathetic to Dennet, but there are other options than first hand knowledge simply not existing within materialism. The meaning of first-hand knowledge in physicalism is different from the meaning of first-hand knowledge in other metaphysics. In physicalism, first-hand knowledge must be reducible to third-hand knowledge, and so it doesn't have a privileged ontological status, just like we don't ontologically commit to the existence of cars in quantum physics. So first-hand knowledge cannot really exist in physicalism except as a useful label describing a specific kind of third-hand knowledge. s/boring/annoying/ > Duh? That's trivially true. Similarly, as a non-EU citizen outside the EU, the freedom to travel within the EU does not apply to me. 1. That's not a valid analogy. The EU has no control over how people travel in other countries and any restrictions they may face. The US government does have control about how it treats people outside US borders. They're not remotely analogous. 2. The US constitution could easily be interpreted as a way that the US government should treat human beings , which means the 4th amendment describes how they should approach search and seizure of any person's property, wherever the US government has influence. Given the internet, influence now extends to computers across borders. > If you were willing to ignore English grammar and definitions, and several centuries of precedent, and many many other things, you could interpret it that way. Wow, talk about being uncharitable. I'll just ignore your insult that I'm an ignoramus talking out of my ass and just address the content: the Supreme Court has ruled only twice on the interpretation of "the people", but there is still considerable debate over its true meaning [1]. The declaration of independence also makes a broad statement that all men are created equal with unalienable rights. It's not at all a stretch that the bill of rights is an enumeration of how a government should preserve some subset of those rights. This is precisely how constitutional protections have been interpreted in other countries, for instance. > The Constitution is "We the people" laying down a basic framework for governing ourselves. It's actually "the People" in the constitution and the declaration of independence when referring to the governed, and only "the people" in the bill of rights. Capitalization matters, particularly if we're talking about intent. Further, the constitution lays the basic framework for establishing a government, and "governing yourselves" is only ONE purpose. Or did you forget about "provide for the common defense" aspect of government? It's in the opening paragraph of your constitution. > This is well trodden ground. Your interpretation is facetious. No, this is objectively not well-trodden ground, and you're kind of acting like a dick. I recommend not doing that. [1] http://harvardlawreview.org/wp-content/uploads/pdfs/vol126_t... > Nobody pops out of the womb a math genius. [...] But it boils down to the hours that kids put into their interests. This is obviously untrue. It's been well established that a significant fraction of intelligence is heritable, which means nurture has little to do with innate ability. Further, there are plenty of examples of true geniuses, like Mozart for music and Ramanujan for mathematics, where they almost immediately grasped their subject and became experts rivaling their contemporaries with very little practice. But genius is clearly not a binary quality, it's a continuum. There exist people slightly less adept than Ramanujan, and so had to put in more work to become experts, but still far less work than an average person would. You didn't have anyone to share your interests because your age group just couldn't naturally see the beauty you saw in your interests. Not wouldn't, couldn't without some serious coaching. > So? The Declaration of Independence is not part of the laws of the United States. Its statements have no bearing on them. Excuse me, but tons of hoopla is made about the intentions of the founding fathers. The declaration of independence obviously has direct bearing on this question, and therefore obviously has direct bearing on interpreting the constitution. > Luckily, we're not talking about other countries. That's a weak reply. The point you've failed to grasp is that a constitution requires interpretation, and interpretations change, even despite contrary precedent. The Supreme Court has changed interpretations on fundamental rights multiple times over the US's existence. The US constitution can be interpreted in the same way as other countries have done. > Are actually there studies that claim a special ability is due to genetics only? Of course there are, like tetrachromacy [1]. Or even more mundane: XY chromosomes prevent men from having the ability to give birth. I also think you're vastly underappreciating the results from genetic studies. Twin studies have repeatedly shown that identical twins separated at birth and growing up in wildly differing conditions, still largely end up with similar temperaments, similar world views, and similar intelligence. [1] https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Tetrachromacy Why would cognitive ability be different than any other characteristic, like height, athletic ability, and so on? Those same twin studies have shown that intelligence and academic performance are also highly heritable. Certainly nurturing an ability will enhance performance, but there's an inherent upper limit to everything. Just like eating right and exercising won't make you grow taller than some max threshold, so studying and solving riddles won't make you more intelligent than some upper bound dictated by your genes. We don't know how to measure that yet, for either height or intelligence, but that bound is there. You're arguing for magic. If brain function does not follow from our physical makeup, then where exactly do you think it comes from? Sure learning is like exercising a muscle and can shape your brain, but environment affects muscle growth too via exercise and nutrition. Would you deny that your genetics place an upper limit on your achievable strength? Sorry to say, there is already plenty of evidence of direct genetic impact on cognitive ability that you can see with your own eyes, even ignoring the twin studies that all but prove that cognitive functions are largely heritable. For instance, down syndrome, Tay-Sachs disease and Leukodystrophies. The scientific case is in: given comparable nutrition and a standard education, your intelligence as compared to your peers is determined by your genetic makeup. This says nothing about your work ethic or your determination of course, and thus what you can achieve if you put in enough effort. Intelligence is merely a metric stating that given the same amount of work expended on cognitive problems, those with higher intelligence will do better on average. > On one side, it's economically unsound Dubious claim. Most serious proposals are largely revenue neutral and simply redistribute. > and will require massive taxation to be sustainable. Not anymore than already exists. > Second, who's going to administer it? Governments, being made from people, are notorious for corruption and scandal, and poor service. It requires no new infrastructure if given as a tax rebate. It also introduces no additional corruption than already exists via tax loopholes. Centralizing all debate and scrutiny over corruption in one location is a benefit of the proposal, not a problem. > Doesn't feel like there's ultimately any way out of this line of reasoning. What would it take to prove to you that you are indeed not in a simulation of some kind? as the only methods of providing proof are also parts of the simulation. Simulations are just as real. Why wouldn't they be? What makes "natural laws enforced by reality" really any more "real" than "natural laws enforced by a simulation"? > Doesn't feel like there's ultimately any way out of this line of reasoning. What would it take to prove to you that you are indeed not in a simulation of some kind? as the only methods of providing proof are also parts of the simulation. Simulations are just as real. Why wouldn't they be? What makes "natural laws enforced by reality" really any more "real" than "natural laws enforced by a simulation"? > Inside the machine, it's just a lot of 1s and 0s. And inside reality, we're just a lot of vibrating strings. I don't see any meaningful difference what the fundamental constituents of reality are. "Real" is simply a relation between perceived and perceiver. > Physical systems aren't about anything, and don't represent anything on their own. It's the entire problem of intentionality. By your own argument, 1s and 0s aren't "about anything" either, they're just as devoid of intentionality anything "truly real". > Instead of microservices, I split my projects in tons of libraries and think of them as products, enforcing a well thought of and consistent api (usage api, not http one). I call that an atomized monolith. There's already a term for that: modularity. > If code is decoupled enough that it can be separated into independent processes communicating over a network, that creates additional freedom into how the components can be deployed to (real or virtual) hardware, which is itself a kind of decoupling. It also introduces additional failure modes. I think it does carry those lessons, but most languages are incredibly bad at enforcing modularity. Monoliths make it far too easy to cheat, and dynamically typed languages are typically worse here. Microservices then just forces on you the modularity your language should have already given you. > I don't think of myself as "gifted." Some people have said I am, but I doubt it: I work hard, I read, I acquire knowledge. Anyone can do that. This is a common perception that needs to die. You might as well say that anyone can dunk a basketball. Some people really just can't. Innate ability does exist, even mentally. I agree with the rest! > Reminded me of a post recently that suggested liberal arts majors are typically better coders. Better coders compared to what? Here's some anecdotal data: I've interviewed computer scientists and computer/electrical engineers for software work terms for almost 10 years now. I administer a pretty simple technical test just measuring the ability to read and understand a small function in C#. Over the past ~8 years I've interviewed, less than half of computer science students complete the test without any errors, or trivial errors due to simple misunderstanding of the comments documenting the code. Probably ~80% of the engineering students complete the test successfully. Take from that what you will. Perhaps I'm looking at a biased sample because the job descriptions I post simply don't attract the better CS students, but do attract good engineering students for some reason. No idea. > When you have an ardent follower of "DRY" who refactors a common utility so that many subsystems of a distributed system have a code dependency on the same piece of code, then changing that piece of code can become very costly. Is this a piece of code that actually requires co-ordinating all nodes so they're running the same version of the code? Otherwise I'm not sure I see the problem, since you can just run old versions of the shared code in parallel with new versions. > Essentially the reason is that before they started treatment, they had no motivation to do anything. After they start the treatment, but before they've waited long enough to realize the benefits, they have enough motivation to end their lives. Which is why in the UK they've experimented with giving patients MDMA for an instant seratonin rush needed to curb depressive symptoms until the antidepressants kick in. > There's an obvious contradiction: How do we (Hacker News readers at least) agree that this is crazy but society keeps doing craziness like "arresting a mom for letting her kids, 8 and 9, wait at the condo for an hour". Because HN isn't a statistically representative sample of society as a whole. > In DbC, you have preconditions and postconditions, but no means whatsoever to actually prove that, whenever the procedure's initial state meets the precondition, its final state will meet the postcondition. Except many implementations of design by contract execute the postcondition check and raise an exception if it's not satisfied, so I don't think your statement is correct. > Why would a GC remove allocations from the hot path? It wouldn't reduce allocation count, it would reduce allocation cost to a simple pointer bump which is virtually guaranteed to already be in cache (unlike malloc tables). The added cost is only tracing, but if, like the OP said, allocations conform to the generational hypothesis, then frequent minor collections are quite fast. Interesting idea, but most interesting to me is the stack-only restriction. I'm curious how they're going to enforce that, and whether that property will be limited to Span or can be used with other types. Linux-only? Or will it run on sqlite-supported platform? Yeah, totally didn't get that either. I suspect it's for backwards compatibility with older Visual Studio releases. > When people (rightly) talk about how much slower reference counting is than tracing GC, they're almost always talking about either thread-safe tracing GC vs. thread-safe reference counting or single-threaded tracing GC vs. single-threaded reference counting. Reference counting has always been slower, even in single-threaded cases. This should be obvious because pure reference counting requires modifying counts whenever locals are assigned, which happen orders of magnitude more often than main memory updates, and now each local assignment requires touching main memory too. As soon as you defer these updates somehow to recover that cost, you've introduced partial tracing. You can find papers from way back acknowledging this overhead, and suggesting optimizations [1]. [1] http://citeseerx.ist.psu.edu/viewdoc/summary?doi=10.1.1.25.9... Right, Rust's borrowing is like the optimization link I provided, just slightly less general IIRC. #define NULL rand() > Except that in software 1000's of groups have already dug 1000's of canals and yet the next group that will build a canal will insist on doing it their way. Because the topography you're digging through is always different, and sometimes they want a Starbucks every two miles along the canal. > The code they write is less about implementing some business functionality in the most elegant way possible. But rather it's an exercise in who can use the most obscure parts of the language. I think it's rather more likely that you simply don't understand why they're using the more obscure parts of the language on any given problem. They're probably trying to rule out certain invalid uses as type errors, which is typically encouraged in the more advanced typed languages. > I can't see anything obvious that would make a certain kernel immune to high load induced issues, but then I'm largely ignorant about L4 et al. The typical system call in a modern microkernel costs on the order of hundreds of cycles. Fine-grained locking would by itself probably double this cost for almost no gain. Just waiting the hundreds of cycles is likely to be just as good as a fine-grained lock in such kernels, and the complexity savings are significant. Is there a documentation reference for "scheme-centric capabilities"? Most people who use the term "capabilities" use it incorrectly, or their capabilities have the wrong properties which destroys some of their benefits, so I'm curious what redox is doing here. Skimming through the code in the fork [1], it looks like they place restrictions on sending capabilities in a misguided attempt to "enhance security" [1]. But this compromises the property that actually makes capabilities so much better: unrestricted delegation leads to the principle of least authority via fine-grained permissions. The fact that capabilities can be passed arbitrarily leads you naturally to defining fine-grained authorizations so that eventual abuse can be minimized, detected, and revoked. If you have other "security" mechanisms restricting delegation, then you can get sloppy and start aggregating permissions into larger groups, thus making inevitable vulnerabilities much worse than they otherwise would be. [1] https://github.com/ticki/kernel/blob/master/kernel/capabilit... > Really? I would have assumed that letting anyone send capabilities to anyone without going through the kernel was a highway towards privilege escalation. "Unrestricted" in my post doesn't mean "you can send to anyone", it means "no restrictions on passing capabilities beyond that defined by the capability model". The capability security model requires that you can only send capabilities via your other capabilities. So if you have a capability to another process, then you can send any of your other capabilities to that process. The Redox design appears to violate this. The capability model is actually simple and surprisingly common. Take any memory-safe object-oriented language, and remove static mutable state and the file system and network APIs (all sources of "ambient authority"). An object reference is now a capability. Passing an object reference via method parameters is a capability send, and you can only pass around references you actually have, and only to objects to which you have references. That's capability security. You can look at any context and see precisely what side-effects can occur simply by analyzing the set of object references available in that context. It's bad design to define functions that take a huge number of parameters, but it's also bad security. Capability security aligns maintainability concerns with security concerns thus yielding POLA. Edit: as for documentation, I'm not sure if you want OS documentation, or general capability documentation. The seL4 and EROS papers are good for capabilities in operating systems, the E and Joe-E programming languages are good references for capabilities in general. Notification objects are only for specific receive patterns IIRC. Simple message sends occur via endpoints, which I believe in seL4 you can think of sort of like a file descriptor, ie. each thread has a kernel-controlled address space of endpoints it can index to send messages. The cycle count is for a one-way IPC. This roughly consists of entering kernel mode (~50-100 cycles), switch to kernel stack, finding the endpoint specified by system call (roughly: thread_control_block.endpoints[registerX], let's say ~10 cycles), switch to thread's address space (~100 cycles, maybe more for TLB flushes), switch to new thread's stack, return to user mode (~50-100 cycles). This is the fast path in which the whole message is passed in registers. The only memory that's touched are the original and target thread control blocks, so it's quite fast at ~300 cycles for x86_64. These are all rough estimates of course, so don't quote me. Longer message sends require copying buffers which may also incur page mapping overheads and page faults. A page fault would abort the message send, notify the disk process to load the missing pages, and the send is retried once the page is mapped back into memory. Edit: as noted in the L4 review paper you linked to, the majority of message sends are very small, and most simply pass all data in registers, so the fast path is the average cost. > If so, how would you enable/disable passing capabilities? By having a meta-capability "I can pass capability foo"? I would first question why you think you need to disable capability passing at all, which was the main thrust of my post [1]. What specific problem are you trying to solve by restricting capability passing? Perhaps Unix-style 'fork' has some undesirable semantics, but I don't see how restricting capability delegation would solve them. POSIX sandboxes using capabilities have been done a few times, originally KeyKOS and then EROS. Perhaps the most accessible introduction for those coming from a UNIX introduction would be Capsicum [2]. [1] Yes, "kind" classifies capabilities into those that can be passed around without restriction, and those that can't, so I'm questioning the utility of that [2] https://www.usenix.org/legacy/event/sec10/tech/full_papers/W... Revocation is a solved problem for pure capabilities [1,2]. Privilege escalation is typically not so important in capability systems because processes run with least privileges. There is a pattern whereby authority can be increased if you're granted a special type of capability -- the operation is called "rights amplification" in capability parlance, but these capabilities are closely held by the trusted base. Finally, the reason restricting delegation doesn't generally work is that a process can just proxy access to the undelegable capability, which means you haven't actually attentuated authority in any meaningful way. At best, you've merely reduced the bandwidth, so overall performance suffers, and you've also sacrificed compositional reasoning. Anyway, that's why I initially asked for any design documents for Redox's capability system, so I encourage ticki and any others working on this to write a rough draft of the ideas. I know plenty of capability people who would happily provide feedback. [1] https://www.cs.ucsb.edu/~chris/teaching/cs290/doc/eros-sosp9... [2] https://sel4.systems/Info/Docs/seL4-manual-2.0.0.pdf > The code might be uglier but at least you have a better idea of how it's going to behave after compilation. The fact that it's uglier suggests you'd have less of an idea how it's going to behave than simple tail recursion. That said, I agree with the idea that if you're after tail recursion, an annotation that the compiler checks that ensures the call is properly tail recursive is a good idea. > [Linux is] still pretty damn ultra-reliable piece of software. It's really not. I don't think you have a good sense of how reliable the systems in this space really are. Firmwares and other ultra-reliable systems typically use microkernels, and there are billions of units of verified L4 microkernels out there. Linux can't even dream of approaching this level of reliability. seL4 is the big one: https://sel4.systems/ Here's a general reference of open source microkernel operating systems: http://www.microkernel.info/ Here's a general reference for open source real time operating systems: http://www.osrtos.com/ See previous discussion: https://news.ycombinator.com/item?id=12800995 There are various other properties of Bus1 that make it better than all other alternatives, but obviously relying on it makes your program non-portable. IPC is a mess on POSIX systems. GET and POST are technically all you need, ie. "get representation of operation X", and "apply operation X to these arguments". It's a simple lambda calculus. The other methods are merely optimisations to these core operations, and hence, entirely optional. Why not just use StateThreads? A comparison against other options would be illuminating. Sure, I get the M:N argument, but that wasn't something you could extend existing solutions to support? > For all N:1 mappings, since there is only a single process, there is no need for synchronization, also there is no need for any scheduler as a simple queue suffice. Wouldn't an M:N model simply amount to work stealing among N kernel-thread-local queues? This seems like it should be a pretty straightforward extension to one of the user-level C thread packages. Or are you doing something more elaborate for your research? What semantics can't be captured by only GET and POST? I agree there are additional complexities with M:N. I was assuming a lock-free queue, since you'll need this for scalable work-stealing. I was also assuming a single kernel thread performs I/O via epoll/kqueue/etc. and either has its own queue from which other threads steal, or simply pushes results onto a random queue when requested I/O are complete. This accomplishes the migration I believe you were describing. When I/O needs to be done, you enqueue the uthread on the I/O queue and invoke a reserved file descriptor to notify the I/O thread, which then reshuffles its file descriptors and again calls epoll/kqueue. I'm not sure whether this would scale as well as what you're doing since you mentioned an epoll-per-kernel thread, but I wouldn't be surprised if it got close since it's so I/O-bound. Man, that font is almost unreadable. The commas and the periods are almost indistinguishable on my screen. > I was thinking about meta-level semantics, i.e. semantics that apply to all HTTP/REST-based systems, not just one's own special snowflake Yes, but these verbs often don't yield any meaningful results or see much use in my experience. Even so, this could easily be achieved by convention using just GET/POST. Consider the HTTP OPTIONS verb. If you invoke it with * as the request-URI, it's an operation that applies to the server as a whole rather than any specific resource. This provides the solution: HTTP already reserves one URI for a specific use, and we can do the same for all of the other verbs and eliminate them from the spec if we so desired, ie. OPTIONS /some/resource => GET /options?url=/some/resource > If we killed zoning laws, allowed modular housing and dorm housing rents would drop very quickly. Except you just screwed existing home owners, which is why this will probably never fly. > I honestly can't comprehend that you so gleefully spend your time so pointlessly, you should be spending your brains on solving actual life and business problems, not memorising the syntax of CLIs you'll use once every 3 months, or worse still, never again, or virtually useless regex syntax. This makes me skeptical that you're a programmer, because you just described programming. CLIs are everywhere in programming, and if you haven't written a script you prototyped on a command line, you can't be very experienced as programmer. .NET has shifted significantly towards command lines with PowerShell, Windows Nano Server, and the nuget shell. > I think multidisciplinary classes are great, but that you need a strong base before you can implement 100% cross-/multi-disciplinary classrooms. I think the perceived separation between subjects is largely artificial. English and math seem pretty separate, until you get into discrete math and algebra and you realise formal systems are just languages with grammars, syntax, etc. Nearly everything we learn is multidisciplinary. Sometimes it might be an advantage to focus on specific topics in isolation, but it should always be placed in a wider context to properly understand it. > When you're young, nothing has consequence - so I don't think you can put together A + B = some outcome that matters. But that's where these multidisciplinary approaches would shine, because the theory is intimately tied up in a broader application kids can see in their own lives. Education starts to take on real, personal meaning. > But why should it be tried at national level? Real progress would mean letting individual schools innovate. Because then the new schools can be discriminated against, thus skewing the data on the effectiveness of this approach. No such problem if everyone has the same background. Looks ok, but why not lift states to the type level and define transitions as extension methods? Then attempts to make an invalid transition are compile-time type errors. Edit: ha, just noticed a comment on the blog saying the same thing. The example can be encoding C# too using extension methods and generic parameters. Lots of problems with IRV: * Realities Mar Instant Runoff Voting 18 Flaws and 4 Benefits, http://electionmathematics.org/ucvAnalysis/US/RCV-IRV/Instan... * Instant Runoff Voting: A Cure That is Likely Worse Than the Disease, https://www.uvm.edu/~dguber/POLS125/articles/langan.htm * Instant Runoff Voting: Looks Good--But Look Again, http://www1.cs.columbia.edu/~unger/articles/irv.html > Pretty sure we saw how that worked out in Iraq with Blackwater. No thank you. There's a ton of flaws with this philosophy once you start thinking about it and following certain aspects to their logical conclusion. Blackwater contractors don't actually have to live in these places, they're just there for a short time to get paid, and then they get out. Arguably the incentives are different if you're an actual member of this society. I recommend Friedman's book if you want a proper introduction to anarcho-capitalism, instead of forming an overly simplistic view based on Wikipedia's introduction. His book addresses many of the naive counterarguments most people consider to be 'devastating' to anarcho-capitalism: https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/The_Machinery_of_Freedom > The first article talks about logistics of doing it in practice, which as other countries and Maine will see, can be done. The flaws consist of more than simple logistical problems, such as: * The requirement to count votes centrally to handle ranked choice makes it more susceptible to fraud (flaw #2 and #16). * Makes exit polls virtually useless as third-party verification vote data, which just compounds the flaws of the above (flaw #7) -- this all ties into auditing difficulties (flaw #9). * They cite data that IRV actually entrenches the two-party system wherever it's been tried, so it doesn't actually solve some of the problems it's supposed to solve (flaw #11). * Counter-intuitive results, such as ranking your first choice last could cause them to win, while ranking them first could cause them to lose (flaw #12). * They cite data suggesting that IRV favours extremist candidates, or candidates that are worse for everyone except special interests (flaw #13, similar to flaw #12). * Not all votes are treated equally, so some votes count more than others (flaw #14) None of these are logistical problems. The other links I provided suggested that IRV may actually be illegal in the US for various reasons. So I'm not convinced that IRV is better than the current process. Why is that my job? Why would you even believe my summary? If you want to be informed on a topic, at least read the abstracts of my links. > I'll look at your links, but I'm skeptical of one's motives when you just this out links. Are you similarly skeptical of the motives of every poster who posts a story on HN? They're just links too after all. That just seems like a bizarre statement. Either my links contain valid criticisms by recognized authority figures, or they do not. I don't see how adding more verbiage of my own makes the information I presented more or less trustworthy. I don't know enough about alternatives to say, I just remember reading about fundamental problems with IRV and dug up some links that confirmed what I remembered. What situations specifically? The first link I provided describes a number of issues, like increased susceptibility to fraud. Another link describes how IRV is probably illegal in the US. Is this modification described or analyzed anywhere more thoroughly? Bucklin seems worse than IRV on every property except monotonicity: https://en.m.wikipedia.org/wiki/Single-member_district It is a problem if it's not properly documented. This system will probably outlast their time at that company, so the next poor shmuck is left to figure out what that program is doing. > Now, what value has verified software which runs on buggy or (theoretically) compromised hardware? The vast majority of bugs and vulnerabilities are due to software, not hardware. There's tremendous value in pushing that boundary back to the hardware layer. > For the record, what I (and others, and I assume the parent too) understand as concurrency is many threads in a single core (interleaved/evicted, scheduling, quanta, yadda yadda), while parallelism means running multiple tasks in multiple cores at once. In computer science, concurrency is a system of non-deterministic interleaved components, parallelism is a deterministic performance enhancement for programs by running fragments of it simultaneously. For the purposes of verification, non-deterministic interleaving is the truly challenging problem, so the paper's use of "concurrency" seems reasonable. A search for "linux" in NVD returned over 4,500 entries. "firmware" has barely 900. So I'd say there's definitely a meaningful difference, and operating system kernels have been used in firmware (Linux and L4 have at least), so formally verifying kernels can eliminate firmware vulnerabilities too. > The problem is that the general public doesn't care as much as you'd care about these things. The general public doesn't know how pervasive the problem is. They'd care more if they did. > IMO it would be great to get folks who write the enormous base of existing realtime apps driving critical devices everywhere to sit up and take notice of Rust. Rust cannot make any latency guarantees either. Reference counting and its lifetimes also have pathological cases, ie. worst-case, an object can reference the entire heap which will take time proportional to the number of dead objects to free. Copying collection in this case takes literally zero time, but it's pathological case is when all referenced data survives the current GC cycle, ie. proportional to live objects. There's no free lunch! That's not true, some GC algorithms make code behaviour unpredictable. Real-time tracing GCs exist. Reference counting is GC too, but it too is unpredictable. > Lifetimes are compile-time only and do not do any reference counting. I never said they did, I said lifetimes and reference counting both have this pathological case. C also doesn't provide latency guarantees, as the same pathological programs can exist in C as well. It's a total myth that you need C in realtime domains due to "latency". Maximum pause times are a property of a particular runtime , not a language. Absolutely, you have to be aware of the ownership graph depth in both C and Rust if you want to bound latency. You don't have to do this with tracing GC though, you just need a runtime that implements latency bounds. Yes, C/C++ would also have this problem. The point I was trying to make is that incrementality/latency is a property of a runtime. If your program has deep ownership graphs, any kind of naive reclamation procedure is going to have high latency, even if it's written in C/C++. The latency problem isn't caused by determining what to free, the latency problem is caused by actually freeing . Imagine an array with 2^31 pointers, and now fill it with with 2^31 distinct pointers to the remainder of the 2^32 bit address space. When that array goes out of scope, you can now enjoy 2^31 individual free operations, because reclamation for Rust lifetimes and reference counting are both proportional to the number of dead objects (copying collection takes zero time in this case). If bounded latency is a goal, you have to bound the depth of of your ownership graph if you're working on a platform that doesn't impose global latency properties. C/C++ and Rust do not do this. > You will always have these pathological cases when you choose to use higher level memory management like simple reference counting or garbage collection no matter what language you use Not true, soft and hard realtime garbage collectors exist. Your runtime simply needs to bound the amount of reclamation work done at any given time. For instance, the cascading free behaviour Rust is currently susceptible to can be broken up into a bounded series of free operations interleaved with ordinary program execution. Rust would then be realtime without truly changing its observable behaviour, except its timing in some programs. Indeed, if you can live with the wasted memory use of objects outliving their conceptual lifetime, regions/arenas are a good solution. Note however that you'd probably still have to run destructors when destroying an arena (to free file handles for instance), so you can still see high latency. With an arena you can perhaps schedule this better though. > The reason why no malloc/free implementations that I'm aware of actually do this is that the latency of freeing isn't a problem in practice. Partly, and the other part is that it degrades allocation performance for the majority of non-problematic programs, which is what most people actually focus on. But if we're being fair, latency of tracing GC isn't a problem for most programs either. So latency is largely a red herring, except when it's not, and you had better know when it's not, regardless of whether you're using C/C++/Rust or a runtime with tracing GC. > With GC you are not in control so there are fewer choices. You will not be able to make guarantees. Not true. Hard and soft realtime GCs with sub-microsecond latencies exist. Latency is a property of a runtime, not of manual vs. automatic storage reclamation. > You can probably make this work by plugging in a different allocator, if jemalloc doesn't do this already. The ability to batch up frees and mallocs isn't tied to GCs. That gets tricky, because Rust people no doubt expect deterministic destruction on scope exit. But yes, my ultimate point is that low latency is a property of a runtime, not a language. C/C++ or Rust aren't going to automatically give you bounded latency, and adding tracing GC doesn't automatically take it away. Yes, C/C++ and Rust have the same problems, as I said elsewhere. My ultimate point is that low latency is a property of a runtime, not a language. Using C/C++ or Rust aren't going to automatically give you bounded latency, and adding tracing GC doesn't automatically take it away. But this expectation is transitive. If you have an array of file handles, if you defer deallocating some of them but destruct them all upfront, you still have the latency issue we've been discussing. And if you defer destructing too, then you still have non-deterministic destruction and deallocation. I'm not sure there's a way around this tradeoff. Oh thank you distinguish readers and writers by their own interfaces. The kitchen-sink functionality available in System.IO.Stream has always been a nuisance to me. Possibly, but maximum memory usage is rarely predictable anyway. I expect it might be even less predictable than maximum latency. However, it may still be possible to conservatively bound your maximum memory usage too, as long as your reclamation-work phase keeps up with your program's allocation rate, then you achieve a steady-state. Suppose some amount of reclamation is done on malloc(), a tunable parameter could measure the ratio of allocation speed of the running program and amount of unreclaimed garbage. This ratio would control how much reclamation work to do before returning from malloc() so you can fall into steady-state. "No latency" is a fiction. The only question of any relevance is how much latency is tolerable for a given domain. And describing latency in worst-case timings is standard, so I understand latency just fine thanks. > That doesn't change anything! You're just choosing a garbage collector with a default deterministic pathological case, which is a guarantee you can make about almost any GC by carefully tailoring your memory usage to your scenario and choice of algorithm. The fact that you don't have to tailor anything is precisely the point. Latency is a property of a runtime, not a language. This has been my point all along. C/C++ or Rust don't guarantee low-latency realtime properties, and introducing tracing GC doesn't guarantee high-latency non-realtime properties. > You know that's what the Drop trait is for, right? All you have to do is add whatever memory management code you'd have (in your C program) into the trait implementation and your memory deallocation will behave exactly as it would in any other low level language. Great, but it doesn't guarantee any properties of code you haven't written, so it still can't achieve the global properties I've been talking about. I think you've got it backwards. C# was one of the principle drivers of this wave. > Return by ref and out parameters: I'd be happy if they just removed them from the language. Ugly, error magnets. I disagree. Firstly, more high-performance non-allocating code can now be written safely instead of dropping down into unsafe languages. Secondly, ref and out parameters are address types, which the CLR and C# need to properly handle to support value types/structs. Why not support more safe ref/out uses? I don't see any need for them to go away. You're already disincentivized from using them due to the syntactic annotations required and they aren't compatible with standard delegate parameter types. So if you are using ref/out, you actually need them for some reason (likely performance-related). > You may want to deconstruct the value and use the original base value. I think this is exactly right. Members can be declared visible only when viewing an object through a particular supertype, and you may simultaneously need to invoke methods from the supertype and the subtype. > With respect to memory usage I guess it's not much different. Memory use is quite different due to reified generics and value types. Better operators, properties, lambdas, a standard library that exploits lambdas pervasively, type inference, simple generators and async/await. Java has anonymous classes and static interface members as the only real advantages over C#. > Now you find out that updating Toilet objects is somehow expensive and decide to wrap it into a Cache . Unfortunately, Cache also has a flush method, so there will be no compile time error, but functionality is broken now. This has happened to me exactly 0 times since type inference was introduced in 2007/2008. > Operator overloading is probably the worst feature ever invented A seemingly common sentiment, but one rarely backed by any meaningful data. > The async/await API's and their rigid nature was torture Way better than callback hell. The only awkwardness surrounds streams of tasks. Operator overloading is a necessity. Matrices, big integers and so on, all require the familiar operators for clear code. Type inference is here to stay, and every new language has it. The fact that every language is also trying to adopt a streaming API like LINQ should also tell you something. I'm afraid you're on the losing side of history on all of these points. C# does include a lot, and I would certainly prefer a single uniform abstraction to handle many things, ie. generators and async/await can be unified under coroutines or something similar, but the proliferation of "kitchen sink" features is not nearly as bad as you imply. Something like sandstorm would give you more power over your own data without the burden of running your own services. No one's denying that orphaned projects are a problem, but if deactivating an e-mail has downstream effects like this, you'd expect a warning or something before permitting account deactivation. Agreed. Or force the user to have two registered e-mails in a GCE account at all times, unless they're explicitly deleting it. Doing things implicitly with no warning is simply terrible UX. I don't see why either is more difficult. For the functional version, you just need understand the meaning map and filter, and for the imperative version, you need to understand the meaning of for loops and append. Or check this reference: https://graphics.stanford.edu/~seander/bithacks.html > To say that consciousness is an illusion is ridiculous More likely, you simply misunderstand what is meant by "illusion". What is self-evident is that there are thoughts, and some of these thoughts are "I am experiencing X". It's naive to simply infer from that, that true subjective experience actually exists, just like it's naive to infer that water can break pencils simply because you can see it [1]. You should give Dennet more credit. He's almost certainly right, just like science proved in every other case humans thought they were special in the past. The closest analog of consciousness as a pseudo-mystical property that was eventually simply replaced by a scientific concept is "vitalism", which was eventually superceded by biology. Not by any proof that elan vital didn't exist, but by simple recognition that it was special pleading and provided no explanatory power whatsoever. [1] http://etc.usf.edu/clippix/pix/refraction-of-pencil-in-cup-o... > That's one reason why I've started using the term "interiority" to describe the bedrock "existence of a feeling of what it is like" phenomenon. It's the smallest word I can think of that still conveys the essence of the hard part of the hard problem. A more widely used term is "subjectivity". > How much time did he spend trying to explain how there was anything doing the "hearing" to begin with? Nearly zero. Maddening. This seems like a common sentiment, but I'm not sure it's justified. You're already assuming the existence of a subject just because of an observation, but that needs justification. That belief is just an inference, a chain of thoughts sourced from a thought and yielding the final thought "I experienced X". The question is really whether that chain of inference is valid or fallacious, in which case subjectivity is an illusion. I suggest reading some scientific attempts to account for subjectivity [1]. Our approaches to consciousness amounts to marvelling at a pencil sitting in a glass of water [2] and trying to figure out how water seems able to break and reconstitute the pencil, when we should really be developing the theory of light refraction. Like biology did to vitalism, all this mysticism surrounding consciousness will soon just fade into history. [1] http://journal.frontiersin.org/article/10.3389/fpsyg.2015.00... [2] http://etc.usf.edu/clippix/pix/refraction-of-pencil-in-cup-o... > To say there exists conscious experience doesn't add anything ontologically to 'it's self-evident that there are thoughts'. So you consider qualia and thoughts to be identical? Because I'm drawing a distinction between them and saying the former doesn't exist, while the latter do exist. They certainly seem qualitatively distinct since there's so much focus on qualia in the hard problem. > Therein the problem lies. Equating consciousness with thoughts. It's vastly different. Just because qualia seem "vastly different" to thoughts doesn't mean they aren't reducible to thoughts. This would make the qualitative distinction of qualia from thoughts an illusion, a false conclusion inferred from an incorrect perception. > Qualia and thoughts are distinct, but to say the former doesn't exist just seems nonsensical to me. I'm sure it does, just like it probably seems nonsensical to deny that water breaks pencils. I mean, just look at it, you can just see it for yourself. How could you possibly deny the evidence of your own eyes? It's obvious to someone who is ignorant of any broader context, that water simply must break pencils and reconstitute them. We are likewise ignorant of the broader context of what constitutes consciousness, and we're all just flapping our gums making exactly these same fallacious arguments. Like I initially said, "doesn't exist"/illusion has a specific meaning. It doesn't mean that we don't have perceptions or that perceptions don't convey some kind of knowledge, but merely that perception is not truly subjective, and so qualia don't deserve distinguished ontological status. Their apparent irreducibility is an illusion, a mental trick, like the many optical and auditory illusions to which our brain is susceptible. I highly recommend reading the paper on the attention schema model of consciousness [1] for an idea of how a real scientific theory might explain this trick. [1] http://journal.frontiersin.org/article/10.3389/fpsyg.2015.00... > The other problem here is that 'thought' is a complex and compound entity while 'qualia' seems to imply something atomic. So let's not use this concept. Funny, I see it as exactly the opposite, as would any materialist I'd hazard. "Qualia" is a term describing a vague, poorly defined concept that's inherently intertwined with our complex perceptual systems and with our internal model of the world, and this dizzyingly complex aggregate leads us to falsely conclude we have subjective experience. "Thought" is merely a mentally held belief, a proposition inferred from ones perceptions. > But you're not saying that the pencil is not broken, you're saying I can't see a broken pencil. No, I'm saying you're inferring a false conclusion (the pencil is broken/we have subjectivity) from an inherently flawed perception (I see a broken pencil sitting in water/I perceive subjectivity). For the sake of argument, let's assume the mental model of the paper I linked to. Our pseudo-perception of our own subjectivity is really a false conclusion we infer from a differential between the signal we receive from our perceptions of the outside world, with the signal from our internal model of ourselves perceiving the outside world. The constant switching back and forth as these signals consecutively dominate each other, combined with our slow perceptual response time relative to this switching, yields the illusion of subjectivity, similar to how a uniprocessor computer yields the illusion of real parallelism by context switching processes thousands of times per second. It's still just an illusion though. > I'm not sure what distinction you're making? What would it mean for something to be "truly subjective"? Subjective in the ontological sense, in that it cannot be reduced to an account consisting purely of third-person objective facts. Certainly we perceive a type of "epistemic subjectivity" that's inherent to our distinct perspectives, but that's not true subjectivity in the ontological sense, like qualia. > ...but I know I'm not a p-zombie. Even if I can't prove it to you, I know I definitely have subjective experience. Materialistic theories of consciousness necessarily deny the conceivability of p-zombies, so you have nothing to prove. Any system with the same information processing structure as the model described in the paper (or whatever the "correct" model may be) would necessarily have consciousness. There is no non-functional "secret sauce" by which you can construct a p-zombie. > - neurons are not causal. What does that mean? I think you're mistaking the utility of epistemically treating qualia on their own terms, with their fundamental ontological status. Just because reducibility may not be useful in most cases of analyzing qualia as a phenomena reducible to thoughts, doesn't make it untrue that they are reducible to thoughts. > You can talk about thought/belief as something basic on a level of propositional logic, but this level is as abstracted from experience and observation as possible. Agreed, but this will necessarily be true of any objective, scientific account of consciousness. For instance, subatomic particles are as abstracted from our everyday macroscopic world as possible. > Thought is always 'made' of some prior experience/perception, when you look at it. It's a very high level of description compared to consciousness/qualia. I don't think we should conflate experience and perception. Materialists of course acknowledge we have perception, they simply deny the subjective experience that non-materialists infer from it. Of course, this fuzzy boundary is where our natural language often fails us, so when I equate a thought with a proposition, I of course don't mean a proposition in English or any other language, I mean some abstract representation that structurally conforms to a proposition in a given mind. The structure this thought takes isn't objective, in the sense that it's the same for every person, because the correspondence of that structure to that proposition is determined by the mind that interprets it, just like a program in x86 machine code isn't the same program when run on an ARM processor -- equivalent semantics have different structures on different CPUs, and equivalent structures have different semantics on different CPUs. Right, but these properties don't make neurons acausal, it makes them stateful and sensitive to noise which is not explicitly modelled as an input in your view. You can model noise as a constant input variable though, which preserves causality, just not determinism. > Yep, you can recount fake paper votes, but how you will distinguish fake votes from real ones? You already have a log of who showed up to vote. Compare the number of shows S with the number of ballots V which must be Edit: and this all statistically correlates with exit polls. It's very, very hard to fake all three of these in order to rig an election. > It's highly decentralized, machines are not connected to the internet, implemented in many different ways, which means that they would have to do many attacks many different places without being discovered to even have an effect. Or modify the program loaded on the machines before they're distributed. It's probably easier than you think. Statewide tampering is still a tempting target. > There are some difficulties with moving arbitrary values between phases: it's easy to move an int or a list, but what about a mutable reference or a closure? Wasn't this already answered by "Closing the Stage" [1]? [1] http://lambda-the-ultimate.org/node/2575 > that (with some care) staging constructs can be elaborated into closures in an unstaged calculus. Exactly, which seems to provide the necessary semantics for references that you mentioned. Clarifying staging semantics for difficult abstractions like refs by elaboration into well understood closure semantics was the point of the paper. Ada has been a suitable replacement for C since the early 90s when GNAT was released. Prior to that there were still plenty of suitable C replacements given a little work, like Pascal and Oberon. > (3) Rust's ever-tightening interdependence with Cargo and Git is disappointing. I can see the latter, but why the former? Package management that has understanding of language dependencies is a huge productivity booster. > (5) Rust has "immutable variables". Seriously? How can an object be both variable and immutable? I realize this is just an unfortunate choice of terminology and not a fundamental flaw in the language, but I believe details like this need to be worked out before Rust is considered "mature". A variable/binding is mutable, the object is not. I don't see the problem. > It's just not better, at least not for most people. Certainly if you define "better" as "do everything I currently need it to do", Linux/BSD aren't any better. But with just a little effort, you can apply nearly any skills you learn in Linux in far more domains than you can for Windows skills. For instance, robotics and embedded systems. "Enabling a path to future growth" certainly qualifies as "better" in my mind. Sure, we have the genes to grow limbs while hibernating suspended in amniotic fluid and being fed intravenously. Maybe recreate those exact circumstances and we can regrow limbs. > does it follow that the same set of DNA sequences in the context of a human enable the regeneration of human parts? Of course not! But that isn't really the argument. We know we can grow limbs because we've all done it once before. So you're saying humans are not just cleverly organised statistical automata? If so, science would disagree with that position. > (This is a bit of a stretch as it's not possible to deduce the laws of the universe rigorously.) Not sure I agree. This is known as the problem of induction, and Solomonoff tackles it quite well I think. > I have no reason to believe we will ever have truly thinking, sentient computers Unless you think human brains work on magical pixie dust, I'd say you have quite a few reasons. > we aren't reaching general intelligence/learning within our lifetimes Almost certainly false. > I also predict machine learning will never be able to surpass humans in terms of creative ability Algorithms are already churning out papers that are accepted to journals, and they can compose crude music. This a mere 10-15 years after the study first began. I give it maybe 20 years before a computer generated song will appear on one of the top charts. These will likely still be domain specific algorithms. > Humans can invent new things, machines seem only capable of rehashing existing things So you think human brains run on magical pixie dust? "Things" that humans invent can all be described by finite bit strings, which means generating "new things" is a fiction. We discover these compositions just like a computer would. The secret sauce that we have but don't yet know how to describe algorithmically, is discerning those bit strings that have more value to us than others, like a clever turn of phrase is more valued than a dry, factual delivery. > If you "teach" a machine how to write by feeding it thousands of books, but you exclude books that have unreliable narrators, will the machine ever write a book whose narrator is unreliable? I think not. I don't see why not, even if we stick to domain-specific novel generation, but it depends on how you train the system based on the inputs. Random evolution is hardly a new concept in this domain. Firstly, free will isn't what you think it is. A random choice might seem "free" but it's not "willed" in any meaningful sense. So let's leave aside the free will question because that term is pretty much undefined at this point. What your post sort of hints is what's known as the hard problem of consciousness. I recommend reading the Wikipedia pages on it and qualia if you're interested. Suffice it to say, given our current understanding of physics, we are no better than finite state automata (see the Bekenstein Bound). The only escape from this inevitability is if we collectively decide that the hard problem of consciousness is irreducible, and then something like panpsychism becomes preferable. This is unlikely though, and we've been through this once before in the debate over how living matter differs from non-living matter. Must there be some "secret sauce" added to non-living matter to bring it to life? This was the proposal of vitalism, but eventually biology came to prominence and all of those who insisted living matter had to be different just died off and we were left once again with a reducible, mechanistic understanding of living matter. So it will be with consciousness (see [1] for an example of how this might work). [1] http://journal.frontiersin.org/article/10.3389/fpsyg.2015.00... You absolutely can deduce those laws, which is what Solomonoff induction does [1]. It's been formally proven to converge on reproducing the correct function in the limit. > Since only one of the two versions is the one running the universe, but it is not possible to determine which one, therefore the inhabitants of the Universe cannot deduce the laws that govern them: for the first 35 bn years the two universes are bit for bit identical. Correct, until they're not, at which point you can distinguish them. Until then, you prefer the laws whose axiomatic complexity is lower. It's basically a formalization of Occam's razor. [1] https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Solomonoff's_theory_of_inducti... > It's not finished, though, and honestly I'm pretty sure that borrow checking isn't even that hard compared to all the other stuff a Rust compiler has to do, like generic/trait resolurion. You can implement basic trait resolution via name mangling and a global map. I did this as an experiment a number of years ago to implement type class-like overloading in C. I'm not sure how far you could take that technique though. I don't think it would work for higher-kinded types, but Rust doesn't have those. OCaml is not yet multicore ready. Also, overloaded operators aren't available, which can be a bit of a pain if you're writing numerical code. Otherwise it's a great language. Pauses for GC are per-actor for the Erlang VM, so indeed no stop-the-world, or if there is, it's a very low latency sync point where the GC to switches mode. There are plenty of soft and hard real-time GCs though suitable for use with any GC'd language. For instance, the CHICKEN collector in [1] is an absurdly simple copying collector with an observed maximum pause time of 120 microseconds with average pauses of 1 microsecond. Low-latency GC tends to sacrifice a little throughput though, which is why it's not more widely used. Relative to a standard concurrent MS, CHICKEN adds up to 30% in execution time, although the average seems to hover around 10-15%. [1] ftp://ftp.inf.ufrgs.br/pub/geyer/PDP-Pos/Artigos/PDP-2011-2-TL1-artigos/PDP-2011-2-TL1-GT-A%20Study%20of%20Concurrent%20Real-Time%20Garbage%20Collectors.pdf > There doesn't need to be a "function Given the existence of depression in the animal kingdom, and it's persistence in humans despite its nonadaptive qualities, this accumulation of coincidences strongly suggests that it definitely had some adaptive purpose at some point. > There's a concept of strength (required, strong, medium, weak) which allows you to define which rules should be dropped in case of conflicts. [...] That said, I had to build a dedicated tool to show me which rules where overridden or why otherwise it was very hard to understand what happened when the layout didn't work as I expected. That sounds like "strength" was probably the wrong approach. Why not require the developer to simply resolve conflicts? Your set of inequalities are a basic type system and you tried to resolve your type errors by layering some secondary weird "overriding" type system over top. Better to just resolve the errors from the get-go, and when it compiles, you know it will run correctly. > The most annoying instance is line breaking. You cannot encode how lines are going to break as a set of linear inequations. Is this discussed anywhere in more detail? It doesn't sound right to me, unless I'm misunderstanding what you mean here. > Then problem is that if then else is not linear so you can't express this. It sounds like a limited set of discontinuous functions are needed, like how media queries are used in CSS. The constraints to satisfy are defined by a set of top-level discontinuous functions on environmental parameters, but the set is always fixed so it's pretty simple to detect when you need to switch to a different set of constraints. Wouldn't that suffice? > The height of a text is not a linear function based on the width of the container. You can't say, the height of the text is 10px * number of characters * width of the container. For simplicity, let's take the easiest case of a fixed width font and we'll hard wrap at X characters, regardless of whitespace positions. The number of lines L and the height of the text H in px is then given by: L = char_px_width * char_count / container_px_per_line H = L * char_px_height Agreed? If so, then that case isn't difficult, but difficulties arise when you want better wrapping behaviour based on whitespace with a non-fixed width font. I agree that doing it precisely with linear equations doesn't seem feasible, but it seems like we can closely approximate it to minimize the reflows needed to converge on the final result. Suppose we set char_px_height=the widest character of the typeface (ditto for char_px_height) so we overestimate the dimensions needed. A quick google search suggests that the average word length for ordinary English is around 5 characters. So with avg_word_length=5, the above equation changes to something like: L = char_px_width * avg_word_length * ceiling(char_count / avg_word_length) / container_px_per_line This should miss the actual number of lines needed at most by 1, except when dealing with highly irregular text. Then again, the avg_word_length can be constantly adjusted on the fly based on the reflows you have to do, so this should quickly converge too. Does this sound right? Edit: sorry, that last calculation is obviously wrong, I was rushing out the door. The idea is to estimate number of lines from the average nnumber of words that would fit per line. > I realized that statically-typed languages can really have the potential to be as or more productive than dynamically typed languages paired with a good enough IDE. Indeed, and C# isn't even a particularly safe typed language. It still has pervasive null, for instance. When you get into F#/OCaml/Haskell/Rust-type languages, it's a real eye opener. > Want to read/write pretty-arbitrary JSON? Good luck Not sure I see the problem. Just deserialize JSON into a JsonValue which provides dictionary semantics like JavaScript. > They're very bright and distracts the user from the actual content. Totally! Your comment gelled a few things that always bothered me about material design. It's like they toss many of the colour conventions we've spent a lifetime building. But if you stick to more neutral colours, the design guidelines are probably fine. > I wish restaurants used a clear and consistent format. They can differentiate with their branding, colours, and obviously food photographs. I'd prefer they had a consistent layout! I'm skeptical. If you're trying to choose a steak restaurant to visit, for example, you're saying that you'd easily be able to differentiate grill_1 with "this" picture of a big bloody steak, and grill_2 with "that" picture of a big bloody steak, both in roughly the same position. Doesn't sound plausible to me. I agree with the principle though, restaurant sites are often terrible, and PDF menus are super annoying. Those links and that text are all editable. It's sample content for the layout you're building. A little confusing at first. Colours help, sure, but more differentiation makes them more memorable, and being memorable makes for more repeat business. Marketing wouldn't exist and be so successful if our brains didn't work like that. > IMHO you still have your rights, but when you're outside the country, you can't expect the government to automagically recognize you as a citizen among the foreigners who don't have the same rights as you, and hence may not be able to exercise them. Apparently even that is not true, because the US can actually assist foreign governments in detaining and torturing their own citizens [1]. [1] https://news.ycombinator.com/item?id=13145227 > for lawyers themselves the more tedious and paper based the process is the more they can make. I don't get it. I'm pretty sure they're not hurting for new cases, so they'd make up any losses in fewer hours with more clients. > OTOH they may pay for tools that helps them provide more services, bill more time, find more clients, or decrease the chance of mistakes. But... saving time means they have more time to provide more services, accept new clients, and review their documents to decrease mistakes. Is the relationship not apparent in their minds? > every manager should be able to assign tasks to someone and set the order they must be executed. He needs know what his team is doing and when they finish each task. That sounds like unnecessary micromanaging. You couldn't possibly have enough detailed knowledge to know the proper order of tasks in all cases. Possibly even most cases. I agree that communicating the priorities are important, but the boots on the ground have a much better understanding of what they're working with than you do. Even the older Trac has all of those features. > Your comments make me think the crux of the problem is that people want tickets to be like email and use email to manage them. I'm not sure you can ever overcome the "chronological pile-up" problem if you allow email as a user interface to ticketing. I agree that's partly it, but that seems ok when you're in the thick of discussing a problem/fix. If you're doing a code review or something after a fix has been pushed, you actually want certain messages to stand out to describe resolutions and whatnot. So like gmail where you can star/mark certain replies as important and those messages would show up at top-level in the ticket, where all other messages are collapsed. Just lost twice because I don't know how to chain. Also, it should support arrow keys in addition to WASD for those of us using the mouse with our left hand. > TL;DR - a stack machine is conceptually simpler than a register machine, and it doesn't matter if it's slower since you are JIT'ing it anyway It totally matters. See [1] for previous work on this topic. You need to perform expensive data flow optimisations to generate information the stack format doesn't need to encode, but that a register format does need. Better to do this analysis ahead of time in the compiler than at runtime. [1] https://www.usenix.org/events/vee05/full_papers/p153-yunhe.p... > We usually say that a good consultant should be senior enough to stand up to the customer and at least be able to inquire the basis for something. Totally, but there are good and bad responses. I usually go with something like, "It seems we're not capturing or making some important information available, so can you describe the core problem that your suggestion solves so we can better understand how to implement it?" Usually a better solution arises from the ensuing back and forth. Everyone solves problems by drawing on their domain of knowledge, and customers' knowledge is simply more limited than a software developers' when it comes to computing. The software developers' domain knowledge is much more limited when it comes to the customers' business though, so some humility on both sides is warranted. > Running is not great for losing weight Since when? I'd like a citation on that. > Weight is won or lost in the kitchen. Full stop. I think this is disingenuous. Certainly regulating caloric intake has more impact than exercise because it's "easier" to achieve a caloric deficit, but that doesn't mean running isn't great for weight loss all else being equal. Furthermore, exercise is important for other health reasons. So maintaining the same caloric intake and adding running is much better than simply reducing your caloric intake by the same amount. Ditto. I don't see anywhere the OP assigns blame to anyone. > Why should we fear a Trump administration more? Because Trump explicitly campaigned on going after journalists and his critics. He literally said he was going to rewrite slander and libel laws so he could sue people who criticized him. He's also probably one of the most litigious people in America, so it's not just talk. How do you not know all this? Did you not pay attention to the election? > Trump probably will win the next election because he knows how to attract populace. Trump only won because fewer Liberals voted. I don't think that will happen 4 years from now. > People don't like it when someone tries to predict their reaction to something. What? How exactly do you expect to pleasantly surprise your significant other if you can't predict what they'll like? How could you possibly buy them gifts? I'm pretty sure that predicting what I like is something that pretty much everyone is perfectly ok with. Perhaps you should ponder the meaning of "I wonder if" and contrast with your attempt to interpret this statement as an unequivocal assignment of blame. > There was an interesting psychological study recently that showed the best gift (in terms of how happy the receiver is) reflects the personality of the giver rather than the recipient That's great, but you claimed that your partner wouldn't like it if you try to predict what they would like. The link you provided actually says the opposite: that people say they prefer gifts tailored to their preferences, which means they wouldn't mind you predicting what they'd like, contrary to your original claim. They would have to chug harder than a train to burn 3,000 calories on an elliptical. Chances are it's less than 1,000 calories [1]. [1] http://well.blogs.nytimes.com/2015/08/07/walking-vs-elliptic... I expect some underhanded entries to exploit some type-level recursion. When combined with traits, that could yield some nice surprises, particularly when overloading specific instances. I'm not deep into Rust to try myself, but I meant something like type-level integers, perhaps to encode an buffer length, and then a sneaky trait or two that specializes on particular (common) buffer sizes to manipulate the buffer in an exploitable way. Not natively, but you can do it via phantom type parameters. But that does raise an interesting question: could a malicious crate overload a "safe buffer" operation provided by another crate in this way? > Overpopulation (colonize the seas, solar system, or have a war.) [...] Stop having kids This already happens. The more affluent a country becomes, with its better healthcare, better education, and greater career opportunity, the lower its birthrate. The big crisis in 50 years will be population decline . > The societal upheaval of rich people getting smartphones a few years earlier is probably not something you can extrapolate to the societal upheaval from "you could live forever but you don't have enough money right now". I'm not sure that would happen. Consider that they have an eternity to pay it back -- or really, a few hundred years given everyone will likely experience at a fatal accident on such a long timeline. What person couldn't pay back an exceedingly high price on an installment plan lasting a few hundred years? > The only logically possible outcome of immortality is that sooner or later the entire biomass of the planet is consumed by immortals, at which point all growth must stop. Growth is not a discontinuous function, it's continuous. Resources will become scarce, wars will be fought over them thus further slowing the decline, unless of course biomass growth is encouraged. Fortunately, this is quite simple. We're already growing meat in labs far more efficiently than the natural process, and without the harmful environmental emissions that accompany raising cows. Your scenario is fear-mongering, and not at all realistic IMO. > For example; 'More people make more progress faster.' (India has not made as large a contribution to modern technology as the USA) Only if you take the statement as some immutable law and not the intended meaning as a description of a general trend. > Reducing aging will likely reduce the resources available to all, by reducing the rate of population decline relative to the growth. Doubtful. It will also dramatically reduce the birthrate. After all, what's the rush to have kids when you have hundreds of fertile years ahead of you? Ending aging will not reverse this trend. Many people only have kids due to age constraints and its effect on fertility and the health of offspring, ie. much harder to get pregnant over 35, and chance of birth defects or other problematic genetic problems increases dramatically, even for men. This will no longer be the case, so there would be no rush for either gender to have kids. You can focus on your career for the first hundred years, and then have kids. At worst, there would be a minor uptick in population while people get accustomed to the new reality. Of course you can die your way out of it. What an absurd thing to say. What would really make reflection fast is the dual operation of typeof(T) -> Type, that is, Type -> T. Then you can do all kinds of neat but efficient things by exploiting the CLR's runtime generics [1]. This is something that would be easily done in the CLR itself, a sort of hidden universal method that could perform a single, maybe double, dispatch into the correct generic overload, but alas, we are left only to simulate this using poor imitations of inline caches. [1] https://github.com/naasking/Dynamics.NET You can use the same formalism for most things, but Bohmian mechanics is a different formalism in some cases. For instance, you can derive the Born rule for systems in equilibrium, but that leaves open the possibility of non-equilibrium regimes, which simply don't exist in orthodox QM. The pilot waves are always there whether or not you acknowledge them as such. There's nothing superfluous about them. Copenhagen gives up determinism, definiteness and locality. It's by far the worst of the interpretations, but chugs along due to inertia Pilot waves aren't made of anything, they are a description of configuration space. Think of it like this: to describe particle motion, take the ordinary/classical equations of motion, and now add another term to account for quantum behaviour. The force exerted by this term at time t is a function of the position of every other particle in the universe at time t, no matter the distance. That's pilot wave theory, where this term is sometimes called the "quantum potential" and is governed by Schroedinger's equation. As you can see, this extra term goes to zero when quantum effects become negligible and we recover classical mechanics straight away. The difficulty is the obvious nonlocality and what that means for special relativity. There are plenty of field theory extensions for Bohmian mechanics. Due the relatively few people working on it, no single approach has become dominant. You're confusing quantum mechanics with quantum field theory. Pilot wave theory is just QM, although some field theory extensions have been discussed. There's no particular reason such an extension would be impossible. Supposing "deterministic" means "classical", and so only classical computers are possible: since it's deterministic, the entire timeline leading up to turning on a quantum computer is also part of the computation, a prep phase you're simply not counting. So QCs aren't really faster, they just cheat in a way that's not typically observable. What's interesting is that this actually explains the source of quantum speed up, something no other interpretation can satisfactorily do at this time. Because the computation is just physics too. It's the particles of your brain that moved your hands that typed the program into the computer that will eventually compute the final result by what appears to be a quantum phenomenon localised in space-time, but that really stretches back infinitely. You're not "doing" anything with a quantum computer. That's just the reality of quantum computation in this conceptual framework. And no, you can't say that about anything. In particular, you can't say that about non-deterministic interpretations of QM (most of them) because causal chains can only be traced back to the most recent non-deterministic event. In fact, pilot wave theories are among the only deterministic interpretations of QM. Sort of. There is no real entanglement in this formalism, not in the way it's typically portrayed. I suppose you could say entanglement is there all the time. Macroscopic observation of entanglement via non-local correlations is really just a context in which we make the non-local connection observable. > The basic idea is your experiment does odd quantum stuff until your equipment detects something whereupon you get a definite result so it's a simple way of thinking about that. You're probably thinking of "instrumentalism" aka "shut up and calculate". Copenhagen is not instrumentalism. > I think you mean - you can always reparameterize things to have a 'pilot wave' around. That doesn't mean they're 'there', really. The wave equation is always there, or you wouldn't get quantum behaviour. There exist no-go theorems demonstrating that the wave function can't just be a reflection of our ignorance, it must be "ontic", ie. exist, in some real way. What's disputed is whether the particles need to be given separate existence from the waves that are necessarily there. > I would think that the 'default' interpretation would be excluding them, since (clearly) they're not necessary (evidence being: interpretations without them exist). That would be the definition of superfluous, right? No, because the interpretations you speak of can't actually explain the measurement problem without positing additional axioms which then make them less plausible. It's well known that pilot wave theories are more axiomatically parsimonious, meaning that they require fewer assumptions overall to explain all of our observations. For example, the Born rule must be assumed by most interpretations of QM, with little rhyme or reason other than we know it's empirically valid. But because pilot wave theories posit real physical entities with well understood properties, we can actually derive the Born rule. This is just one example that demonstrates how pilot wave theories positing additional real entities can make for an overall simpler set of assumptions. Every interpretation of QM has its own story for quantum computing. However, other interpretations have a challenge: where does quantum speedup come from? Copenhagen can't actually explain where the quantum speedup actually comes from. Other interpretations try to explain it, but are similarly problematic. For instance, in many worlds, Everett tried to argue that pieces of the computation are shuffled off to other worlds and then brought back, but this is problematic because information isn't supposed to be shared with other worlds, and since other worlds also shuffle off an equal amount of computation to those worlds, how is overall speedup achieved exactly? In pilot wave theories, quantum computing has a simple story: because the world is deterministic, the entire history of time leading up to your computation was predetermined and part of the computation. "Programming" a quantum computer simply creates the conditions where you can read out the answer. The apparent quantum speedup is actually part of an illusion that we and our equipment are separate from the rest of the universe, but quantum computation is really a classical computation that had lots of time and plenty of resources (all particles in the universe) to run. > It's not, they're two separate things. Unfortunately, nobody can agree on terminology for this stuff. There is standard terminology though. Coroutines allow arbitrarily nested calls back and forth. So-called "stackful" coroutines are the only possibility in C. Other languages perform a program translation into continuation-passing style to support stackless coroutines with the same semantics. CORO falls under a class of abstractions known as "generators". You can think of it like a degenerate coroutine limited to a single call level, but I don't think conflating the terminology like this is useful. An introduction for the interested [1]. It would be neat if someone could come up with an experimental test. The very existence of non-equilibrium would immediately falsify Copenhagen. [1] https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Quantum_non-equilibrium > leads far right people to conclude that African American males have an inherent tendency toward criminality. I think you're being uncharitable. Conservatives wouldn't claim that African American males have inherent criminality. That would be unbelievably racist on its own. They instead say that African American males are simply more likely to commit crimes, which seems statistically true, if a tad misleading. Of course, you are both probably wrong and the true underlying cause is actually economic disparity, which would encompass both interpretations. People who are more poor simply commit more crimes out of desperation, and African Americans are poorer due to historical reasons stemming from racism. Could be. "Far right" has many different meanings depending on who you ask. But weight relative to a final value is not a reasonable metric for completeness. It's discontinuous with irregular, changes, so it has no utility in predicting how long until completion, for instance. > Pilot Wave posits a bunch of extra crap and derives the Born rule. Regular / MWI QM posits the born rule and skips the extra crap. They're both positing something - but the Born rule is a far simpler claim Except it's not, because you also have to posit the measurement postulates in orthodox QM. This so-called "extra crap" reproduces the measurement postulates and the Born rule, thus replacing a large set of assumptions with a much smaller set. Many-Worlds is indeed much simpler than orthodox QM, but it's still not simpler than pilot waves. They are roughly comparable, with many-worlds still having unresolved conceptual difficulties surrounding probabilities, among other issues [1]. Which is more parsimonious between many-worlds and pilot waves is hotly debated among philosophers of science. > Also: aren't we to the point where measurement makes perfect sense (besides the values of the probabilities, as given by the Born rule), via entanglement between experiment+lab frames, and decoherence of unrelated Degrees of Freedom? "Measurement now makes perfect sense" is an interpretation-specific claim. Measurement still doesn't make sense in Copenhagen, measurement mostly makes sense in Many-Worlds, modulo some of the difficulties I mentioned earlier [1]. > Also, pilot wave fails badly in relativistic extensions, for the obvious reason that a universe-wide pilot wave function is hard to make covariant. It's actually pretty trivial if you're willing accept a preferred foliation of space-time, as long as the preferred frame is unobservable. This seems aesthetically unappealing, hence why people perpetuate this myth of "difficulty", but it's not a priori wrong. Fortunately, a preferred foliation can actually be derived from the wave function itself , which means this foliation exists in every interpretation of QM [2]. This is the kind of surprising result that probably no one would have even bothered looking for, and I think it proves John Bell's position that non-locality is the unresolved problem of QM [3]. Other interpretations just let you paper over it, to our detriment IMO. [1] https://plato.stanford.edu/entries/qm-manyworlds/#6 [2] https://arxiv.org/abs/1307.1714 [3] John Bell, who was a big fan of pilot waves by the way. > Accessibility requires extra code. In Windows 10, UIAutomationCore.dll is about 1.3 MB, and will no doubt get bigger as Microsoft continues to improve the accessibility of Windows. But you can't write that off as bloat. I'm convinced that's not true. Consider the case of CSS and ARIA roles. You could very easily write CSS/JS components defined on roles using CSS 2.1 attribute selectors, and accessibility just follows naturally. For instance, define your tab panels using role="tab", and screen readers should immediately understand it, while for visual designs, your CSS and JS just select on the appropriate roles. You then use classes for non-semantic content, like font and colour instead of using classes for everything as is currently standard. So you're not duplicating code, you're writing better semantic markup once which can be properly interpreted multiple ways in different media. Not how it's currently done, but there's no reason it can't be done that way, even for desktop UIs. Argh, don't people Google names before using them? Polaris was HP's virus-safe Windows project: http://www.hpl.hp.com/techreports/2004/HPL-2004-221.html From the FRP literature, an observable can be viewed as a stream of promises, something like: { "value" : ..., "next" : new Promise(...) } So it's basically a linked list of the current value, and the next value which is a promise for the same type of structure. > An observable is definitely not a stream of promises, because an observable is push-based, while a stream of promises would be pull-based. Why would a stream of promises be pull-based? That seems like a pretty odd assumption to me. No, different person entirely. > The "Terminator" scenario of a rogue malfunctioning AI is a silly distraction from the real AI threat, which is military AIs that don't malfunction. They will give their human masters practically unlimited power over everyone else. To be fair, it's a small step from effective AI that doesn't malfunction, to an AI over which humans have lost control. It's precisely one vaguely specified command away in fact, and humans are quite excellent at being imprecise. Military hardware is hardened against EMP. > But our current infrastructure is definitely not hardened against low to moderate effort. Sure, but nobody thinks AI is a threat right now . They're claiming AI could be a threat in the near future , which is entirely reasonable. And with battery tech improving steadily, and solar now becoming cheaper than fossil fuels, it becomes progressively easier to depend solely on disconnected, distributed power generation which is resistant to exactly the kind of attack you're suggesting. We can certainly argue the probabilities of such an outcome, but I hope we can all agree that it's not outright implausible. Which doesn't even count the dangers of AI for our economy, which are even more plausible. So overall, AI has the potential for much harm (and much good of course). Seriously. Just switching to memory safe languages would be the single biggest reduction in software vulnerabilities you could achieve with one decision. Every affluent country's fertility rate is below replenishment levels. Their population growth rate is only positive due to immigration. In fact, global population will likely peak around 2050, and then start falling, which will be a whole new crisis. People will look back at overpopulation fears and laugh. Yes, environmental factors largely dictate the fertility rate, particularly economic such as career opportunities, and health care related (longevity and particularly infant mortality). > Also I can't believe a scientist--who should know better--is trying to define this. We're all philosophers, some are just better than others. The legitimacy of his argument is not dependent on his formal training, and so using this as a reason to dismiss his argument isn't valid. Interpretation is part of every scientific theory. Many scientific theories that start exploring a new domain posit working definitions that and change and get refined over time. The exact same argument applies to different human cultures. Clashes happened, but we're all still here. Annihilation is not inevitable. Automated self replication is pretty special. We don't have anything like that yet. All of our tech requires human intervention when it breaks down. > Or maybe they need warriors, since their race has already collectively modified itself to delete wasteful things like aggressiveness and anger. Highly doubtful. Any trait that's collectively exhibited was adaptive and such a spefies would value it to some extent, so they wouldn't breed it out entirely. If some new sub-species found a better way and outcompeted those with this trait, then they are already better adapted by definition, and so wouldn't need this trait. > "As mankind has become more advanced, he has grown from being tribalistic and violent to understanding that fear itself is more dangerous than actual external threats" Not to mention it's totally debatable that we are any less violent than we used to be, which seems to be the core premise of this 'friendly alien' argument. It's not the same as abortion at all. A droid can be given or sold to someone else who wants to let it grow into a sentient being. Fetal or placenta transplants simply doesn't exist. These two scenarios are simply not the same. > I quickly dropped Rust upon realizing that the core of the language addresses problems I don't have. There are plenty of other expressiveness advantages to Rust, over and above the safety advantages you apparently wouldn't benefit from. > When then, was the last time you heard or read someone claiming that "assembler is inadequate", especially when it comes to security? All the time. Virtually no one would recommend writing any serious software in assembler. The only software written in assembler is high performance numerical code and certain hardware-specific kernel device drivers. > If my code has a hole, it will be noone's fault but my own. And who's going to hold you accountable for that hole that just leaked 100,000 credit card numbers? No one, that's who. The institutional bias against safety and the insulation programmers enjoy from the consequences of their code are the only reason attitudes like yours persist, and the trivial security bugs that inevitably follow. > And that's the way I like it: it is far more preferable to an ultracomplex programming language like Rust. Rust the language is not ultracomplex. Don't confuse the language with the compiler. > It's much more expensive to defend against a DDoS attack than it is to launch one. Only because there is little incentive to change our infrastructure to mitigate such attacks. If we change to content-based addressing that utilizes pervasive multi-level caching, then every DDoS becomes instantly futile. It's a reasonable tactic when you have comparable resources to your opponent, and you know how to attack them. Both cases are probably untrue, the latter in particular. Surprisingly not! https://www.bearssl.org/constanttime.html That's phrasing it better than my original rushed comment, thanks. This insular environment doesn't tend to incentivise responsible choices in software development or in deployment. Perhaps liability is one way to address it, but hardly the only way. "Engineer" here in Canada is a protected term and you must belong to the society of professional engineers (P.eng), which carries various legal responsibilities when signing off on work. Requiring code reviews by a P.eng creates a whole different set of incentives, which would emphasise languages that are more expressive, clearer and easier to audit because the P.eng's time is way more costly than the whining of a software developer that wants to squeak 1% more performance out of his inner loops. Sorry, I still don't see it. Once you internalise the logic of Rust's borrow checker, you'll see that probably 80% of your code already follows this discipline and would pass the borrow checks without trouble. Some small amount of code is probably hiding mistake in various corner cases which the borrow checker will point out. The remainder is legit safe code, and you can use unsafe annotations to do what you would do in C. So you're throwing away a powerful tool just because it impacts maybe 5% of the code you want to write, but not even in a way that would really impede you in the end. > If you want individual programmers to be "held accountable" for bugs they write, it seems that you do not consider their employers or managers even to be involved. This is an overly-simplistic understanding of where bugs come from. It's not overly simplistic to point out that at least 80% of security vulnerabilities would never have happened if the program had been written in a memory safe language. That's not a management problem, that's an institutionalised programmer bias. And my argument does not depend on Rust at all. Plenty of safer alternatives to C exist, like Ada, or heck, Frama-C verification of C code. These tools aren't well known or sufficiently funded because of your exact type of bias that there's nothing wrong with choosing C. > Meanwhile, C code from the mid-80s still compiles with modern compilers, often without any changes whatsoever, and without any feature gates. You say that like it's a good thing that with C, you can ignore 30 years of progress in software development. Colour me unconvinced. > If the software does what you want, being able to run on 30 years worth of hardware with just a recompile is a good thing That's not a responsible metric. 30 year old software was written against 30 year old APIs vulnerable to known attack vectors, and with 30 year old notions about security. The belief that this software is suitable for modern use is absurd IMO. And if the types of programs you're talking about are small UNIX-like utilities, well then they're small and easily updated aren't they? > If the software does what you want includes all of those criteria. Except most people don't consider those as criteria at all. The only criteria considered are "does it run and produce the output I want". > More often than not, brand-spanking-new software is written against 30-year-old APIs. Let's assume this is true, brand-spanking new software will be written against 30 year old APIs that have survived 30 years of attacks and audits , but will avoid the ones that have proven vulnerable. > I'm just less enthused about the prospect of refactoring my codebase once every few months to stay current. The perception that you need to do this is false. You might feel pressured to refactor simply because of new syntactic improvements that make code clearer (like switching try!() macro to infix ?), but that pressure is a fiction. There's no real need to do it. Notice Aaron said "advocate for", and you quoted Russell saying "making them". I think that's a meaningful difference, don't you? I suggest a thought experiment: take a few random projects you have or plan to work on, go to [1] and search for the kind of packages you need and see what's missing. It's getting better all the time, and you'll find most straightforward projects are totally doable in Rust. [1] https://crates.io/ > I love C, I really don't see what the fuss is about about 'replacing' it really. It's a sharp tool, requiring care and attention. You just answered your own question: most people don't apply sufficient care and attention. So should we leave sharp tools lying around and encourage their use knowing they're going to be abused and cause serious problems?