I'm amazed and saddened to find this written here. What you read in the parent is the content of a social media slander campaign from years ago led by a blogger named Brian Cook (who runs a blog popular with University of Michigan sports fans called MGoBlog), apparently because Brandon fired Cook's favorite coach. Sorry this is so long, but I can't watch a good person's reputation be slandered. Dave Brandon was a class act and very talented leader and executive. Note that despite the sports blogger's considered opinion (as paraphrased in the parent), Brandon's reputation in the business community is exceptional. Per Bloomberg: Brandon had run Domino’s for 11 years and gained a reputation as a turnaround artist. He helped shepherd the pizza chain, then owned by Bain Capital Partners, through the largest initial public offering in restaurant history in 2004. He got the Domino's job because Bain - no lightweights themselves - thought highly enough of Brandon's CEO performance at Valassis Communications to hire him to run their foundering investment in Dominos. Then Toys R Us hired him. How many people get hired to three significant CEO jobs? Why didn't someone ask the sports blogger? I'm no Fortune 500 CEO, but I know more about business than Cook and I was very impressed by what I saw of Brandon from the outside - a natural, thoughtful, intelligent, highly skilled, high-integrity manager and executive, the kind of manager you seek out to work for. Brandon left the CEO job at Domino's, a company with billions in revenue, global operations, and >100,000 employees, and where he was quite successful, to rescue from trouble the $100 million, ... Brandon's performance: Before him, the athletic department was in the red, the football team was losing (both very unusual situations at U. of Michigan, an elite blue-chip program - like Google search becoming mediocre and unprofitable), and far worse from the perspective of then-Michigan supporters, corruption was brewing. Big-time college sports is a magnet for corruption, with billions of dollars tossed around ostensibly amateur sports, unpaid athletes, and mostly non-profit institutions. U. of Michigan's great tradition and culture, at the time, was that it's an educational institution first; it priorities were its student-athletes and its values ahead of money - integrity first and it wins: The football program is roughly tied for the most successful in college football history (with some parochial school in Indiana). Many say these things; Michigan really did them. Brandon returned to restore all that. He fired Cook's favorite coach, Rich Rodriguez, who was the only Michigan football coach since 1900 with an overall losing record, including arguably the team's worst season ever; he also was responsible for Michigan football being penalized for its only NCAA violations (i.e., college sports ethics violations) in its history, and was involved in odoriferous situations off the field. Firing was not a hard call, especially for a job among the most sought-after in football. Brandon put the athletic department back on track; he emphatically put the student-athletes first - and before the football fans, as he should have, but earning the enmity of many fans who could care less about the education and welfare of the unpaid students on the field - and he restored the department's integrity and profitability (which soared). He also hired a football coach with exceptional integrity and talent for mentoring college students (see Brady Hoke, below). Brian Cook, the blogger, is easiest described as like Rush Limbaugh; he likes to inflame his followers, who can be sycophantic, with media campaigns based on sensational lies and half-truths, and in my experience has few limits. For example, early on Cook disliked what a ~13 year old was posting in the MGoBlog forums, so Cook doxxed him, including his home phone number, and Cook's classy followers went after the child (I still regret not calling the state Attorney General's office). He lies brazenly: I once read a newspaper article saying a famous basketball coach 1) called the Athletic Director (the one prior to Brandon, who Cook also attacked) about the Michigan job and left a voicemail; 2) the coach spoke to his wife, who was adamant that she didn't want to move to a new town (coaches' families move constantly); and 3) the coach decided against the job. Cook quoted the article but conveniently deleted part 2 - in a block quote, no less - and accused the Athletic Director of losing the coach because he was out of touch. It was as brazen as it sounds. Cook and his followers also attacked, maligned, and sometimes chased out of town multiple coaches and other people. I'll add that Cook as no experience in sports AFAIK, either playing or coaching, or in business or in anything but blogging about sports at his former college. ... Regarding another person's reputation: Brady Hoke, the football coach Brandon hired, was (is) one of the great class acts in the sport. He put the (unpaid) student-athletes first, as students and people, and football second, and Hoke openly said it - an amazing thing to find in college. High school kids - and their parents - who decided against going to Michigan would talk about what a class act he was and nothing like the snake oil salesmen that populate the sport. The students he brought to Michigan - Hoke was among the best recruiters in the nation - were in tears when he was fired, and for years after that - when he was long gone and they had a new coach - you could read them (and their parents) regularly talking about what a "great man" (that phrase is used repeatedly) he was and how much he helped changed their lives. His peers raved about him, and the top coaches in the country wanted to work for him (e.g., the defensive coordinator of the Baltimore Ravens, at the time arguably the top such job in the NFL, left Baltimore to work for Hoke, then starting his first major college job). Unfortunately, Hoke wasn't a great offensive coach and the team was around .500 by the time he left. He was also maligned and attacked by Cook because, AFAICT, Hoke was Brandon's guy and replaced Cook's favorite. Sometimes, the Rush Limbaughs of the world succeed, the good people lose out, and the slander, sadly, follows them even to Hacker News. Dave Brandon had an exceptional track record and the business community thought so, maybe still does for all I know. He was just disliked by a popular (in the University of Michigan community) sports blogger. See my post below. It disappeared before that, under Rich Rodriguez. Rodriguez lead Michigan to maybe the worst season in its history (2008), his recruiting was awful (I forget the number, but his predecessor and successor were among the best in the nation, as Michigan always is), and he is the only Michigan head coach since 1900 with an under-.500 record overall. He never beat either of Michigan's rivals, Michigan State and Ohio State, and earned Michigan it's only NCAA sanctions ever. Brandon fired Rodriguez - an easy call but one which earned the enmity of a sports blogger who loved the coach and maligned Brandon (which is what the post above is really about; see my response below) - and hired Brady Hoke. In Hoke's first year, they went 11-2, beat Ohio State, won a bowl game, and the team's defense went from ~110th in the nation to the top 20. Hoke did slowly decline after that, and was fired after an under-.500 season; his weakness was offense, which he just couldn't raise to an elite level. Brandon did very well at Dominos; Bain Capital, Dominos' owners, certainly thought so, because they later hired him to run Toys R Us. > Since Dave left Michigan, the interim AD hired Jim Harbaugh, and the football program is now regularly in top 10 in the nation. Harbaugh's record through 2 seasons + 3 games = 23-6 Brady Hoke, the coach Brandon hired, through the same period = 22-7. Hoke also beat Ohio State during that period and Harbaugh hasn't. At Michigan, beating Ohio State is almost more important than the rest of the season combined; ESPN called it the top rivalry in all of sports at one point. But more important to the University of Michigan than winning a children's game played with a ball, at least before Harbaugh and that interim AD, was the student-athletes' welfare and their development in the classroom and in the community. By those measures Hoke and Brandon far outperformed anyone. I know sports fans don't think about those things, but remember that it is an educational institution and the athletes are students (and if they aren't, they should be paid like highly talented employees). https://news.ycombinator.com/item?id=15281139 I very much enjoy watching football, and might have seen over 100 Michigan football games. But it's a game; the welfare and education of the students playing it are real life. I've wondered that. Perhaps the ~13 year old felt intimidated or ashamed (completely unfairly, but they are 13 facing the wrath of a mob of adults) and hid it from their parents? Maybe the parents were absentee, didn't care, didn't know what to do, or lacked resources? IIRC, the kid lived in another state, complicating things. Or maybe there was a lawsuit and quiet settlement, and I just don't know about it. Also, IIRC, the ~13 year old's forum posts were fine, they just disagreed with Cook and his mob, apparently a crime in Cook's mind. Not that any forum post would ever justify doxxing someone. Cook also ran a campaign against two journalists at one of the major Detroit newspapers who broke the story of the football team's (and Cook's beloved Coach Rodriguez's) NCAA violations. At least one, and I think both, of the journalists left town for greener pastures. For years afterward, and probably to this day, Cook's supporters vilified the reporters for the team's violations. That will teach them for practicing journalism. Tangent, but a good story: Early in my career, in the CRT era, I was working late at a client's office. One of the executives stopped by to chat; he was telling me that his house burned down the past weekend (!) due to a wiring fault in an SUV in the attached garage that somehow ignited something ... whatever caused it, holy shit. His family all got out ok - in the middle of the night - but everything they owned was lost. As we were walking through the darkened office on our way out - the last two to leave - he said, 'do you smell something burning?' Poor guy; he must smell it everywhere. For all I know there was still smoke residue in his sinuses. Anyway, I have to humor him - I'm tired and really want to get home, but there's no question of trying to talk sense to someone in his state. So I make a show of looking around the office with him - and sure enough, there was a CRT monitor, plugged in, off (or maybe asleep), and literally smoking. I never saw anything like it before or since, in over 20 years in IT. But he must still smells smoke everywhere he goes. I was a member, and later board member, of the housing co-ops in Ann Arbor, Michigan, the Inter-Cooperative Council (icc.coop). In many ways, it was an incredible institution (and maybe still is; I'm long out of touch): Highly democratic and very successful. It's continued to exist and grow since the 1930s, with almost complete turnover in membership every two years. They owned at the time around 20 properties, housed around 600 people affordably - their primary mission - and had assets and budget well into the millions. I still don't understand quite how they did it. They did have a small permanent staff of an executive director, financial director, and a couple maintenance people. Everything else was done by mainly college-age membership that, as I said, turned over almost completely every two years; they were the board of directors, maintenance, collected membership dues (the equivalent of rent), made major investment decisions (buy a new house?), etc. etc. One contributing factor may have been that it was a bunch of intelligent people, self-selected for their commitment, who had little long-term vested interest (they'd be gone in a couple of years). I might expect the latter to be a disaster, but it also eliminated a lot of politics - nobody had a career, a future, a promotion, a reputation, or much ego depending on the outcomes. Based on your links, I'm pretty sure you know about the ICC. Any thoughts on how it, and similar organizations work, where others that require community commitment, like the bookstore in the article, fail? I have a hard time understanding what these statements are talking about. > to fight less wars. That's a lofty goal, and maybe attainable, but probably far off for humanity as a whole. It's not only lofty and "maybe" attainable, it's already happened, beginning decades ago. You're living in the most peaceful time in human history. There are almost no international wars (maybe Armenia and Azerbaijan count?). The great powers fight no wars with each other. War is almost unimaginable across vast geographic areas: Europe, especially sans Russia. North America, South America - the entire Americas . South and Southeast Asia, with the possible (and significant) exception of India and Pakistan. East Asia except North Korea. Etc. It's not an accident or luck; it was a program of the early 20th century to make war illegal, and that came to fruition after WWII when the victors (who were not daydreamers - they knew more about war than we can ever imagine or want to know) formed the UN and the roots of the EU explicitly to prevent future wars. It's like saying that extending human average human lifespan past 50 years is "a lofty goal, and maybe attainable, but probably far off for humanity as a whole." > Critical to any military, much less society, is the concept of a warrior class. There is no "warrior class" in the West or in the democratic world. For most of American and democratic history, wars were fought using draftees and citizen soldiers, like the Minutemen - everyone, not a class. The current American and most wealthy country militaries are filled with volunteers, people from all walks of life - not a class, unless we redefine the meaning of "class" as 'any group of people in the same job'. They are not trained over generations; in fact, many in the U.S. military are immigrants and the children of immigrants. A 'warrior class' doesn't have a place in U.S. society, which is explicitly anti-class. That doesn't mean there is perfect social mobility, but generally we expect and encourage individuals to follow their own paths - not many reading this follow the family profession (especially in IT!) - and to succeed or fail by their effort and merit. If Mary's mother was a farmer, we aren't shocked if Mary becomes a programmer or doctor or artist. Obviously, we have much work to do to achieve those ideals, but the ideal is certainly not a caste system. > America weighs the question of "what force should be used, where, when and for what purpose" constantly. Yes, but I think every country makes those decisions and uses its military from time to time, at least every major country (kudos to Costa Rica for eliminating its military!) including all the NATO countries. The U.S. is a different case; it has been the guarantor of the post-WWII order and so uses its military more than some others (that doesn't justify the actions). > 30% of recruits have parents who served, 70% have a relative who served I'm surprised those numbers aren't higher for the population as a whole. For one thing, people were being drafted as recently as the 1970s. I'd expect that almost everyone has a relative who was in the military. I don't come from a military-oriented family in any sense, and I have at least three living ex-military relatives and of course many deceased ones. But of course there is some continuity from generation to generation. That applies to any profession, locale, etc. People aren't surprised that the engineer's child becomes an artist, but the child is more likely to become an engineer than most people. Does that mean there is an 'engineer class'? > a significant portion the leadership of the military is absolutely a distinct beast. While yes, they are nominally just another citizen, they have part of a distinct culture (how could you not if you spent 10+ years in service of an institution) with a distinct way of seeing the world. The GP was talking about a sort of caste (my word), trained and treated distinctly from generation to generation. Every profession, community, ethnicity, etc etc. creates a distinct way of seeing the world. Look at people in SV! Y Combinator does the same. Other parts of government do the same. There's nothing special about the military in that regard. > That is a very rose-colored glasses viewpoint. No, it's factual. I didn't say there were no wars; I said there were fewer than at any time in human history. If our standard is perfection, then every human endeavor has failed and we should return paleolithic life. People still die of illness, so we could argue that modern healthcare has failed; don't bother using it. Regarding the UN, in politics there is no certain proof ever of cause and effect, so arguably we should eliminate all political institutions. The lack of war is the fact. The parent's theory of why or how and its predictions have no basis that I see. China will of course use this treaty and every other tool to obtain their foreign policy goals, as do most countries (it's the goals and tools that vary). Among their current goals is to become the dominant power in East and Southeast Asia, displacing the U.S., and to become the dominant power in the world. Trade treaties have long been used by countries for those ends. China in particular has heavily used economic power and arrangements to expand political influence. For example, loans to many countries are used to create leverage and sometimes seize valuable strategic assets when the debtors, which most observers knew were not creditworthy, cannot pay them back. For example, China has acquired ports that way (IIRC, the one in Sri Lanka?). Also, regardless of the situation, China will have the most leverage in any negotiation of an economic treaty (as does the U.S., despite the disinformation that those treaties are to the U.S.'s disadvantage). The source of the initiative, if that's the case (do you have evidence?) doesn't restrain China or protect the other countries. I just said the West because I was thinking quickly and didn't know clearly about other countries. It was conceivable, even if unlikely, that officers in China or Russia (USSR? :) ) or someplace else are mostly hereditary, and I saw no need to raise that issue. > So clearly, if kodah meant what you claim they meant, they would be really really really wrong, like ludicrously wrong. / As such (and this is my point), it's probably better to assume that the kodah didn't mean that. It's probably better to steelman, rather than strawman. Always important to remember. And I should have phrased it that way. Thanks. I expect the following is not novel to you, but would you share how you address it with your patients and in this study? In my experience - not based on professional expertise - when people are very concerned about what others will think, in regard to any topic, it is due to a lack of self-worth or self-understanding. They want others to fill that hole, to provide the answer or esteem that they have trouble providing to themselves; they put enormous power in others' opinions. The solution is not to talk about what others think but to find help them find those things within themselves - how do they feel about their choice, their action, their physical being. This study (which I understand might represent only one aspect of your strategy with patients) focuses only on what others think as an answer to the patients' uncertainty. It seems to assume that the worth of the patients' own bodies depends on pleasing others, that the value of this body part is as objects of pleasure for others. And of course we know well that our society sends that message to women, about this body party in particular, very often. And to avoid any misunderstanding, I'm not setting up some argumentative binary concept that people don't care at all how they look. To varying degrees, everyone cares. But I worry far more about the self-esteem and emotional health of the patients than I do about how their breasts look (Edit: And I assume you do too and are acting in good faith). For their breasts, the only person to please is themselves. > It's extremely important to most people. We go out of our way to look good. Just look at any shopping street. Clothes, makeup, gyms, etc. It's a continuum, and I don't think it's 'extremely important' to many people at all in my experience. Far more people are not shopping and don't go to gyms, and shopping and gyms serve other purposes too. Also, when someone does those things to enhance appearance it doesn't mean it's 'extremely important' to them; I watched a sporting event over the weekend, went grocery shopping, and I post on HN, but none of those tings are extremely important or even important to me (beyond avoiding starvation). It's not binary; humans cover a very wide range - much wider than you or I experience or imagine. Mods - I'm almost certain I posted the above as a reply to the original top post: https://news.ycombinator.com/item?id=25169521 What happened? Magnus - We're not raising simplistic issues about whether beauty is in the eye of the beholder, but addressing how those women are best helped. It's indeed heart-breaking to hear how difficult the situation is. For example, when they are overwhelmed with the decision, terrified about what everyone else will think, then perhaps a mental health professional would be the better option to help them through it then someone with authority (the surgeon) reinforcing to them, with research, that everyone else's opinions are essential. Edit: I'm not sure that's what's going on, but I think it's a reasonable concern about the survey and how it will be used. I'm posting this because the two questions below about this issue didn't receive responses and the way the issue is addressed above seems to possibly trivialize the questions, but that could be unintended or a language issue. Sorry if I'm misunderstanding you. Hmmm ... I haven't seen much of that happening on HN. People respond to the top comment all the time. Also, it was a direct question to the person who posted the top comment, not a commentary. > I'm all for people consulting counselors and psychologists, but many people want to get back to normal, and part of that is to look the same as they did before, and avoid others asking them very personal questions or making hurtful comments. The doctors performing reconstructive surgery are not taking advantage of vulnerable individuals, they are helping support people's recoveries. I'm not sure I understand ... ? First, I certainly didn't say that the doctors are taking advantage of anyone and certainly don't think so! I don't even know what ulterior motive the doctors would have. Please don't attribute things to me. The job of mental health professionals is to help the patient achieve whatever their goal is, whether that's 'getting back to normal' or to help with a difficult decision or situation. Who are you saying would be "asking very personal questions and making hurtful comments"? Mental health professionals? Mental health treatment is not an inquisition; there's no judgment made. Just like the surgeon, their job is to help the patient. ---- The doctors have asked us to take a survey. It's reasonable to raise legitimate concerns about that survey; we're not and shouldn't be thoughtless and unskeptical. Have a great day! I understand that part now. I think we keep talking past each other about a premise. The premise is that other people have power over you, that what they think about you matters (on a personal, emotional level). Therefore, what everyone else thinks about your appearance matters. I'm saying that the mistake is in accepting that premise. It's false. What you think about yourself is all that matters (in the personal, emotional level we are talking about), and when you know and accept yourself, the strangers are powerless. Other people only have that power if you don't love yourself and then look to them to fill that void (speaking simplistically). A mental health professional can help a cancer survivor face those emotions, and know and accept themselves. Then all that matters is what they think about their own body. Thank you for the insights Magnus, that can only come from an expert practitioner. I admire that you are so focused on helping your patients. Core to attitudes like Coinbase's (as described in the article) the theory that their only responsibility is profit for their shareholders. IMHO, that theory is like many others today: It's attractive - it simplifies everything and even makes it quantifiable - but does not stand up to a moment's scrutiny. Almost everything Coinbase has comes from their community: Liberty; peace; political functionality and stability; economic stability; the rule of law; property rights; the free market; the wealth of the market they sell to; the education and wealth of employees, customers, and partners (including the massive public education and healthcare systems - imagine how their company would survive Coronavirus without the public health system and eventual free vaccine); the physical infrastructure of housing, roads, food, power, etc., all kept functioning and safe; the incredible technology stack they build upon, from mathematics to basic literacy to electricity to materials to more proximate tech (the Internet, Web, TCP/IP, and of course the cryptocurrency technology). No matter what Coinbase does, they add only a sliver on top of what's come before. It's just an absurd, transparent rationalization for selfishness to try to justify being a parasite, for not contributing to it and being responsible for making it work. Our community is us; nobody else will make it work. And it's sociopathic to say that, about part of our community, 'I don't care what happens to African-Americans'. But being a sociopath and buying into this transparently false argument has become trendy and admired by a vast swath of powerful people in American business, as if ignoring problems will solve them. I used to wonder if they really were smarter than others, but recently I've concluded that they follow the herd and are easily manipulated as much as other people are (and I could have seen it earlier in financial bubbles, etc.). And as they've followed the herd in disparaging liberalism and postmodernism, rather than thinking critically about them, they've unilaterally disarmed themselves, willingly discarded the tools that would protect them from being deceived, confused, and led. It's depressing to see yet another intellectual 'bubble' sweep through the Internet and the educated parts of society, especially one that falls apart so easily under a little scrutiny (as they all do). The cost of living in the Bay Area reflects extremely high demand for living there. Other than some people becoming more comfortable with remote work, what will have changed when the pandemic ends? You can't visit SF and not see that it's a special place. An amazingly dynamic, exciting city filled with creativity, culture, beauty, resources (including two elite universities and many others), natural resources, etc. People LOVE San Francisco (and many other cities). Cities in general are well-documented and researched as the great economic and cultural engines of our societies. It's not hard to see why or how that would be. We all knew it well; then suddenly it became trendy to forget it. We know well the subtext of the new anti-urbanism: Reactionary politics. The reactionaries in the US (primarily the Republican Party and sympathizers) have been trying to denigrate cities for many years because, despite the facts on their success, cities are strongly liberal, ethnically diverse, and pro-Democratic. As an example, Trump tried to make it the focus of his campaign over the summer and a/the major focus of the Republican convention, though that fizzled. Taxes are bad (by definition!), liberalism is bad, protestors are bad, college education is bad, homeless people are bad ... it's a highly conservative perspective - conservative as in, 'protect existing interests' - rather one that reflects a belief in progress, knowledge, change, and in the potential in every person (not just the wealthy ones) to do great things. Cities are inherently optimistic and reactionaryism is inherently pessimistic - why choose the latter, other than that is where the social herd is running? How will that turn out? The IT industry didn't discover remote work in the last year; it might have been forced on reluctant managers in some industries, but we knew it very well. Companies tried it years ago, and then walked it back (I remember them telling employees they had to come back to the office). Nothing replaces the dynamism of meeting people in the hallway, seeing people face-to-face, etc. Remember everything SV companies invested to keep their employees at work and having fun? Now they think it's the same if they are home and isolated from each other? Bubbles in finance are about ideas, not money. People feel compelled by the normalization of a social tide. If you think you're too smart for it, you are a prime target. Watch I Am Not Your Negro , a documentary on Baldwin, to understand what a genius he was - innovative, able to think clearly beyond the intense social pressures of his time and around him (something we can better appreciate these days), miles ahead, extraordinarily articulate. He is the best commentator on racial issues in 2020. > in Philadelphia ... Every time I washed my car there was a thick black layer of soot covering it within a couple days A layer of soot in Philadelphia? I've spent plenty of time there, know plenty who live there, and never saw or heard of such a thing. Were you parking next to a chimney sweep? The well-used argument that only government is responsible is, if you think about it for 30 seconds (try it - stop now and think about it) absurd, has never been true, is not how anything has gotten done, and never will be true. It's a meme, a cover story for not doing your part. It's our community, our society. It depends on each person, every one of us, every day. Not just Huawei: > the telecommunications firm worked in 2018 with the facial recognition start-up Megvii > Megvii, the Beijing-based developer of the Face Plus Plus system and one of the world’s most highly valued facial recognition start-ups Huawei responds: > Huawei spokesman Glenn Schloss said the report “is simply a test and it has not seen real-world application. Huawei only supplies general-purpose products for this kind of testing. We do not provide custom algorithms or applications.” If the US, EU, and other democracies banned companies that support human rights violations, that might outweigh the value of the Chinese domestic market. (I realize that some Western companies might be caught in that.) Many, many billionaires live, have lived, and thrive in CA - probably more than any place in the world. In fact, I'd guess that more billionaires have made their fortunes in CA than any other place. The grievance rhetoric has gone too far (and had awhile ago) when it's used by billionaires. There is also strong reactionary political rhetoric here, the premise that taxes on wealthy people are nearly criminal theft, and nobody would want to live someplace where they democratically invest in their community (i.e., pay taxes). There's also the economic assumption that taxes, whatever their current level, are always too high; AFAIK, taxes on wealthy people are at historic lows. People love San Francisco - the culture, the energy, the people, the beauty, the opportunity, the freedom, the openness - that's why the cost of living is so high there. The more who leave, the more affordable it is for entrepreneurs and other dreamers who want to do something wonderful. I want to live someplace filled with those people; I want to meet them at the cafe and in my workplace. Cities have been the great engines of modern culture and economies for awhile now. Nothing has changed. Coronavirus is a brief interruption. Remove work doesn't change it - Covid didn't teach SV about remote work (many SV companies tried large-scale remote work several years ago, then brought many back to the office). There's a reason businesses try to create great office environments - dynamic, exciting, fun, social - it's highly creative and productive. Now you think people will be just as creative and productive sitting by themselves at their desk at home? Taxes are a major part of that - taxes are how we invest in our communities. To treat them only as an expense is ignorant, sometimes willfully so. California and the Bay Area have been taxing and investing for generations, and look what it turned out. The infrastructure of the Bay Area, U CA Berkley, and Stanford (which at least receives research money and massive tax benefits in tax breaks, I assume) are just three examples. The Golden Gate Bridge is another. Next time you are in a city, look around at all the things that the people got together, democratically, and built, funded, and operate. I believe in democracy, a fundamentally American belief. In the end, it's a reactionary political statement. The reactionaries have been targeting cities for many years because they are powerbases for Democrats, progressives, are populated by many non-white people, and they are cultural threats (merely by the fact of their existence and success: their diversity and integration, their cultural leadership, and in business and economics: what great, innovative industry comes from reactionary parts of the country?). You'll note who made the big statements about leaving - Thiel and Musk, possibly the leading reactionaries in SV. Reactionary politics is fundamentally corrupt - a lie about the world, in every aspect, to protect and accumulate their own power and assets. They're right - they don't fit well in SV. Reactionary is anti-progress, anti-optimism, it's anti-. SV is doing well if the reactionaries don't stay and stagnate, but leave and create more space and opportunity for the newcomers, the next generation. I believe in those newcomers much more than in Thiel and Musk. Eliminating market advantages for incumbents and wealthy seems to me to be obviously in society's interest: It creates a more competitive marketplace for consumers, reducing prices and increasing innovation, it creates more opportunity for innovators, and it's fundamentally more fair - a meritocracy. I think it should be aggressively pursued, but very carefully - we don't want replace one distortion and unfair system with another. Painting my impressions with a very broad brush: It seems that capitalism was formerly sold to the public as good for society: It provided economic growth, opportunity, and fairness. Those were the goals, and where there were market failures (such as monopolies or prejudice), society would step in and correct it, to further those goals. Now capitalism itself seems to be the goal, the religion, the ideology. It serves no higher purpose - the highest purpose effectively becomes the capitalists. If society steps in, it's rejected as a perversion of capitalism. As I pointed out regarding Musk's move, it's the companies with the strongest links with reactionary politics (and Trump): Thiel/Palantir, Musk, Ellison/Oracle. Does HPE somehow fit that mold? For the sake of their many stakeholders, I hope the CEOs are not overreacting to the reactionary idea bubble - that they are not taking too seriously what is political rhetoric - or acting for political purposes. Many people do not share their political views. It also matches the corporate outrage / take-my-ball-and-go strategy: If someone dares to regulate or tax a company - the outrage! - they say they are leaving. Think of Amazon in France and other places (IIRC Philadelphia passed a law requiring businesses to take cash and Amazon threatened to leave, then backed down). Think of Uber and Lyft in California. It's childish and I think if someone called them on it, it would be revealed for what it is. It's not clear to me how it's good for society that they don't have to contribute and pay their share. Finally, where will these companies recruit from? The University of Texas is pretty good, but not close to the level of Berkley and Stanford, two of the top ~6 schools in the world. Also, many more people want to live in the Bay Area than Austin in general, and IT professionals want to be in SV where the center of their industry is. Austin is nice but simply is not real competition. Monopoly abuse doesn't lower prices for the consumer; it reduces innovation and raises prices. It's only 'bailing out' Slack if you accept that abusive monopoly practices as a norm, in which case arresting thieves who steal and sell goods is 'bailing out' the jewelry stores. > We'd all like to think there's something special in all of us and that the world will benefit from the light of our creativity if it was set free. Truth be told, very few people are capable of much past mimicking and repeating what already exists. ... > No, given the proper "freedom" to be "earnest" you wouldn't be the next Picasso or Steve Jobs. There's a premise here that unless you are Picasso or Steve Jobs, you have nothing to contribute - and that if you aren't changing the world in a significant way, you are mediocre. People change themselves, their families, their communities, their friends and neighbors lives - most of what we get from the world is in those micro, personal interactions. Friends have done infinitely more for me than Jobs or Picasso. There's also an assumption that "very few people are capable of much past mimicking and repeating what already exists", which doesn't at all match my experience of people. I find that almost everyone has much to offer, but you need to give them space and confidence to be earnest. You need to listen, and each one has so much to tell - perspectives that open up new worlds. If your attitude is the one you describe, it's self-fulfilling. So this should be good news to you. Why is it important to you to advocate for bad news? I expect people on HN to have already figured out the obvious: It takes much less energy to heat the area under your clothes, using existing heat, than to heat a room or building with artificially generated heat. Your body is 37 deg C. Wearing low-insulation clothing and letting that heat float away, and then heating the entire room or building to warm you up again, is absurd if you understand basic physics and think for a moment. Wear a sweater, wear shoes (that's where the cold air is). Keep the thermostat at the lowest comfortable temperature - experiment a bit and test what you become accustomed to, and you'll know for the rest of your life. Do that and you lose nothing. Maybe go a step further and wear long underwear and maybe even a hat; why not? Another way to look at it: Only use the energy that you need. Heating a building when you aren't there is silly. [0] Heating rooms you aren't in is a similar waste - if and when you can, get a heating system that segregates areas. Heating the entire room when you are in one place, and already generating heat, is also a waste. Just put on some insulation and trap the heat that's already there. All heating is local. (Edit, because people are omitting the obvious implications: The consequences, climate change, are global.) [0] You'll be fine waiting for it to heat when you need it, or just use a thermostat with a timer or remote control. > None of this keeps my hands warm. > Or makes me feel comfortable. I wrote, 'Keep the thermostat at the lowest comfortable temperature', not an uncomfortable one. Don't lump me in with strawpeople who tell you to be uncomfortable. > for an extra ~$50 a month during the winter I get to keep my house at a nice toasty 74-76 degrees F I agree that you can do what you want with your $50. But there are other costs too: Our choices creates climate change for others. > Some reasons why not: > you may live with other people who have different basal temperatures from yours, aren't comfortable at 16 degrees or whatever you settle on, and didn't consent to participating in your wacky experiment; > other people may come over to visit your house without realizing in advance that they need to wear long underwear; C'mon. We can't figure out the solutions to these problems, in a moment? :) If you can't, I'm not hiring you to wash dishes. (I.e., I believe you can.) Edit: I think there's an assumption that this is some dogmatic straw-argument. It's not; it's practical. The argument is: Be practical. OK, you win, you can't figure it out. :) > Keeping your core warmer, especially with the thermal underwear discussed at length in the article, will also keep your hands warmer. That's a lesson of wilderness camping in cold weather - if your hands are cold, put on another layer. > Well things are not quite so easy ... It's not easy to put on and take off warm clothes to manage your personal temperature? What's most odd is that the aliens behave just like they are part of a human conspiracy theory. What's most disturbing is that openness to crackpot theories now extends into high levels of national institutions. How many make the argument, 'these things are unexplained'. Lots of things are unexplained; the difference between crackpot and real is evidence - publicly available evidence - that supports it. And evidence of odd phenomena is not at all evidence that they was caused by aliens - centuries ago, it would have been attributed to a god or demon. Remember that 'I don't know' is a normal human condition - get used to it. The Israeli general who claimed that Trump would soon reveal an alien presence among us also said > Eshed explained that the timing was simply due to how much the academic landscape has changed, and how respected he is in academia. / "If I had come up with what I’m saying today five years ago, I would have been hospitalized," he explained to Yediot. / "'today, they’re already talking differently [a bout alients]. I have nothing to lose. I’ve received my degrees and awards; I am respected in universities abroad, where the trend is also changing.'" https://www.jpost.com/omg/former-israeli-space-security-chie... Really? Is that serious? People need to be really, really troubled. Disinformation is flooding society. It's trendy to despair, and I want to call it out. I've seen it recently in prominent journalists talking about disinformation, in the former Google AI researcher's exit message to colleagues, in lots of people talking about politics and government and democracy and public affairs (such as racism). 'Let's leave the city - what's the point of being here?' It seems that people want to say: 'it's useless to try', and 'I don't know what to do' ... sometimes they say they will quixotically continue (to drag out the despair, I suppose). Perhaps it's a consequence of the pandemic, which creates depressing environments for much of the world. Perhaps it's a the reactionary concept of the 'SJW' (a negative term, which mocked their supposed uselessness) seeping into broader society. Whatever, despair is a pretty f*g stupid trend. Really? Despair? That's cool now? You sound smart now? I promise you that you will never accomplish anything you don't believe in. Remember the American Dream - anyone can accomplish anything they believe in and work hard for. A friend of mine (now hip to despair) once said, 'the biggest obstacle most people face is that they don't believe' - my friend was right. Who would even choose despair, given the options - what an unhappy life. I believe. I believe we can do it. I believe that the biggest obstacle is all these people standing around talking about despair, and that we outnumber the actual bad people 100 to 1. I believe democracy and freedom and believing in people has an incredible history of success and we can solve these problems too. I believe we can make the open web work on mobile. I believe we can solve disinformation - it's just a matter of engagement, of finding out what engages them and where; they reading that crap for the content. I believe in the city - the land of opportunities, on every block, at every corner, in every cafe and bar. I love the city, I love people. Let's do this! LET'S GOOOOOO! (And I'm not being ironic. I am dead serious. Why are you standing there talking about irony? Is it so rare that someone could be earnest and enthusiastic these days? I'm going to leave you behind; I'm going to make the future while you despair. Let's go!!!!) It's not going to completely solve every problem - that's a pretty high standard! Maybe you could ask your father how he feels about it. I see and experience the same things you do, and I choose compassion and kindness (my mantra with strangers is: trust, care, help). I can't change other people or the world, but I do choose how I respond to them. I can defy the evil, unhappiness and despair in the world. What I've learned is that it is so much better for me, and for the other people, and for the situation - it doesn't solve every problem, it's not the entire solution, it doesn't even work every time, but it moves the needle; perhaps most importantly, I think it sets an example and inspires others - imagine a world without the compassionate people. Compassion is armor: When people act like jerks, usually it's because they have their own problems, their are overwhelmed, they are afraid, etc. You and I act like jerks too. Have compassion on them and on yourself - life is hard. > never interact with this kind of people forever Whatever kind they are, they are everywhere. We all need to find our peace of mind, but at the same time I don't want to withdraw: What am I living for? To avoid? More people are more opportunities to live. > it was just an incorrect assumption based on nothing (or worse an outright lie based on a desire to "preserve supply", as this was known to be a respiratory virus well before his statement) Do you have have any evidence of this? > We should be praising the Times for having the courage and integrity for calling out their own errors, which many publications wouldn't do, rather than punishing them for not figuring it out in the first place. We can do both, praise and criticize. While I agree with your statements, they NYT also have another job: Report the news accurately. That's why they exist and it's critical to our society. We shouldn't overreact to one error and I think the NY Times is generally more reliable than most. A metric for overall reliability would be very valuable, especially in the disinformation age. That would be an interesting project for a leading journalism school. But how to measure it? Omissions, including context, are just as significant inaccuracies as misstatements (imagine the story 'The U.S. declares war on Japan!' without context). How could the study objectively set a standard for what facts and context should be included? Might you consider a tabletop RPG game (TTRPG) rather than a computer game? Espionage, more than anything, is about human nature, unexpected situations, creative use of information, and matching wits with other people. The significant advantage of a TTRPG over a computer game is that the 'AI' for a TTRPG is human. No AI can come close for creativity, versatility, and of course human nature. To add an essential distinction: I mean OSR-style (Old School Renaissance) TTRPGs. For those familiar with 'modern' TTRPGs, like the 5th edition of Dungeons & Dragons, OSR interactions are minimally defined by rules - powers, stats, skills, proficiencies, etc.- relatively few of those exist. Most of it is free-form improvisational interaction between the players and dungeon master (DM). For example, if you want to find something in a room, you don't roll something based on your perception score (you don't have one); it's up to the player, who can do anything at all. You tell the DM what you do ('I examine the bookshelves more closely - what condition are they in?'), and the DM tells you how the environment responds ('the old shelves don't sag at all while there's a thick layer of dust on them, except in a couple of places'); ('what books are in those spots? I stand to the side and nudge one gently with the tip of my walking stick, at arms length') ... There are plenty of guidelines for the DM to deal with all the different situations, but it's really up to help the DM to respond. The players, as I said, can do whatever they want without even knowing the rules for many purposes. Another way of conceiving of it is that it's a collaborative story where the player controls the protagonist and the DM controls the rest of the world, and they improvise together - both experience a lot of dramatic tension, not knowing what the other knows, plans or will do. Hopefully, I'm describing it well enough that you can see how it would play very well for an espionage setting. What do you think should be done about Xinjiang? Do you believe the U.S. and Americans will do nothing simply because it has issues with prisons (so different that they are practically unrelated)? Simply do a quick search for Xinjiang forced labor; you will find endless reports from the world's most credible sources. What is your basis for saying it's debatable? You argue every point, but what do you think should be done? I agree. The attempts to change the subject to the U.S. are classic whataboutist arguments, and transparently weak ones. It's hard to imagine what's wrong with your points that you would be downvoted. What is your answer? How do you evaluate claims and sources, and this claim and source? You seem to imply that you can't see any difference, and if that's the case (which I doubt), nobody can help you. > Honest question. Are other questions are dishonest? Why should we trust you? > not necessarily Do you have any serious evidence? Otherwise we are raising random possible problems. Maybe it's a false flag! Maybe it's the CIA or FSB or Martians! Maybe! Not necessarily! > My countries government should understand the implications of the policies it impliments, including the impact on people in other countries, but my governments first concern shouldn't be those other peoples, it should be it's own citizens! The people in other countries are human beings with exactly the same value and rights as I have. The responsible thing to do is to do both. Just like my responsibility is to both take care of my family and my community and the world, all at once. If I sacrifice one, I'm irresponsible and failing. I would be (and sometimes am) ashamed that my government fails at those responsibilities. The parent assumes a zero-sum tradeoff, but that's not how trade, peace, and freedom work - they benefit everyone. Thankfully, I have great solutions internationally. Globalization and the democratic world order have been the most successful international policies by orders of magnitude. Name any point in history, any approach to international trade or international relations, that has yielded the success of the post-WWII era? Not only in economics, but in peace and freedom. We need to do better. What better option do you offer, that will improve the lives of the next generation Kaepernick isn't the issue, his message is. Attacking the messenger is a way to change the subject. What do you think of his message? Nike doesn't buy and sell slaves. Critics don't need to be perfect - if they do, there can be no critics. > a few million minorities gets shafted, to be crass: the cost was/is negligible That is the difference between a society of freedom and human rights, and mob rule. Someone else's benefits have nothing to do with the horrors suffered by people in Tibet and Xinjiang. Each one of those people is as important as you or me. They can't have both. Production in the US is less efficient (not only for labor reasons), which deprives the entire economy of the wasted resources. > A downstream issue with importing the product of forced labor into the US is that US manufacturing markets, business (small & medium in particular), labor, & markets affected by finance are distorted. The argument that an influx of cheap foreign goods are good for the economy does not properly consider the long term & strategic costs of hollowing out large markets where the USA once lead the world. That's potentially a very valuable point politically: Those complaining about unfair competition from China and those concerned about human rights can find common cause, and maybe enough support to pass such a bill. 'American workers should not have to compete with slave labor!' > Fauci was obviously lying. That's not evidence, but a claim that you provide no evidence for. Even if he was wrong, you don't have evidence that he made a mistake or that he lied. > Masks are and were well understood to be useful in mitigating the spread of airborne contagions. IIRC, most medical experts agreed with Fauci at the time. The analysis of someone on the Internet doesn't mean much. Until this moment, I thought you were dang. I couldn't recall the last time dang took part in a discussion! dang: All HN fonts should be mnonospaced programmer fonts. Know your audience - we're all getting older. :) > Ensuring that suppliers are ethical also disincentives industry/labor from leaving the US, as labor & compliance costs will be equalized. We want lower-paying jobs to leave, to be replaced by higher paying jobs. I think the focus should be on the latter: improve people's skill and productivity, and make sure that people can make the transition from the old jobs to the new, including a proper social safety net to see them through. > Poverty and forced labor are just the other side of wealth and freedom. Same coin. Someone has to to pay the price. For me to be free, someone else must lose their freedom? There's a finite amount of freedom? For me to be wealthy, someone else must be poor? There's a finite amount of economic output? Both completely reject reality and well-established theory (such as economics). Both freedom and wealth per capita have expanded enormously. What a depressing world you must live in. In reality, the news is pretty good: Freedom has expanded dramatically. Freedom was expanding in China until Xi took over, with many working and planning for democracy. A local downturn isn't at all 'inevitable'; we can easily turn it around. Freedom has expanded dramatically in the U.S. too. Minorities such as Catholics, Jews, Mormons, Irish, Italians, Germans (once reviled!) and more are now unquestioned members of society. Women went from an oppressed majority to full members of the workplace, expanding participation in government, etc. Few would dream now of suggesting women shouldn't work - something that was a norm a couple of generations ago. LGTBQ+ people's rights have expanded: They can marry, they don't lose their jobs over it, they can serve openly in the military and in government. African-Americans enjoy far more rights: Obama was elected, as was Kamala Harris. Education has expanded; discrimination is socially unacceptable - no politician would survive using certain language. Law enforcement abuse of African-Americans is widely seen as a problem. Even Republicans voted to remove Confederate names from military bases. We still have a long way to go, including for African-Americans, women in the workplace, LGBTQ+, Muslims, and more. But to suggest oppression is inevitable is just ignorant; it denies the facts. One wonders why some people seem to want it to be true? These stories put out by corporations - that consumers are victimized by %thing-disliked-by-company% because the companies are forced to raise prices - are absolute BS. It's anti-tax/regulation propaganda. Put your business hats back on: Companies don't price based on some 'cost plus' formula (e.g., 'our cost is $100, a 20% markups is 'fair', therefore we'll charge $120!'). If they did, your soda would cost 10 cents (rough estimate). Don't ask what your software would cost. Companies set prices to maximize their profits. When Uber's costs decrease, do they cut prices or take more profit? Do they tell this story when other expenses increase? This expense is no different than all their other ones in terms of its affect on pricing. When competitive SV salaries increase, does Uber whine and say they are forced to raise prices by the cruel demands of software developers? What about when the drivers' expenses increase, such as the cost of gasoline? On an economic level, pricing depends on supply and demand, and price changes depend on the elasticity of demand (among other things). The new law merely causes Uber to share more of its profits with the drivers. If Uber wants to raise prices, that's their problem. > the original authors and audiences were not dusty elbow-patched-tweed college professors. This was raucous and rowdy stuff, more akin to a dumb action movie than philosophy. Where can I find out more about that depiction of Beowulf? The post linked above, by the author of the new translation, quotes JRR Tolkien (possibly the leading scholar of Old English in the 20th century) saying, “If you wish to translate, not re-write, Beowulf,” J.R.R. Tolkien wrote in 1940, “your language must be literary and traditional: not because it is now a long while since the poem was made, or because it speaks of things that have since become ancient; but because the diction of Beowulf was poetical, archaic, artificial (if you will), in the day the poem was made.” I don't begrudge Maria Dahvana Headley doing her own interpretation of the story, but that doesn't change the original. I think she might be arguing that she is going to do it her way, not Tolkien's way. Also, there's the thrill to onlookers of seeing her thumb her nose at 'authority', rather than expressing some curiosity about the other person's perspective as a human being - the same curiosity we should have about hers. In context, that statement of hers is a bit different: A “perfect” translation would require the translator to time travel fantastically rather than historically—more Narnia than Bill & Ted’s Excellent Adventure. As if this weren’t enough, the language of the poem is as much a world-building tool as the plot is, engineered with the poet’s own anachronistic filter, an archaic, lyric lexicography.5 “If you wish to translate, not re-write, Beowulf,” J.R.R. Tolkien wrote in 1940, “your language must be literary and traditional: not because it is now a long while since the poem was made, or because it speaks of things that have since become ancient; but because the diction of Beowulf was poetical, archaic, artificial (if you will), in the day the poem was made.”6 Tolkien and I wouldn’t have agreed when it comes to the sort of language required for a translation of Beowulf—perceptions of “literary” and “traditional” language vary widely depending on who’s doing the perceiving, and Tolkien had a liking for the courtly that I do not share—but we agree that the original’s dense wordplay must be reckoned with. Amid a slew of regressions in the past half decade, I must cite a win—the democratization of information. Access to formerly gate-kept texts has been radically broadened. Until recently, it was a cotton-gloved privilege to view the original manuscript of Beowulf. Now a click, and there you are, looking at handwriting a thousand years old: “Hwæt. We Gardena in geardagum, þeodcyninga, þrym gefrunon…” Not only is the original accessible to anyone with an internet connection, so are a huge number of translations and volumes of evolving scholarship, many long out of print. This translation exists because of that access. If you want a less interpretive translation, one designed to carefully reflect the original (IMHO, two different approaches for two different purposes; I don't favor either), another not mentioned is JRR Tolkien's, published for the first time in the 21st century. He wrote it in the 1920s, never published it, and his son Christopher (executor of his literary estate) finally published it in 2014. I imagine that I'm reading the private translation not only of the literature's leading scholar but, by unique coincidence of history, the leading fantasy writer. What an opportunity. The language is at times florid, though I imagine that's the original. Through Tolkien's Beowulf you can hear the voice the Lord of the Rings author, or perhaps it's that you can hear Beowulf coming through in the Lord of the Rings. > Profit margins can only absorb cost increases until they go to zero, after which point prices have to be raised. That's not true. Businesses sell things at a loss all the time because that price still generates the most revenue. What good is raising the price if it reduces overall revenue? Consider when you buy something on sale. > Additionally, it is NOT good if companies are forced to reduce profit margins below what free market forces would place them at. It's not always free market forces. For example, businesses abuse their market and political power all the time, including to pay workers less. Also, free market forces are useful tools, not scripture. They are not 'good' in themselves; like you and me, they are good when they do good. Like all tools, they are useful for some things and not for others; they have limitations. > the deeper truth is just systems are pretty much always controlled by the powerful The power of individuals with the right idea to change the world (often running circles around the 'powerful') is the foundation of the technology behind most people's jobs here. How do some people can work in the IT industry and promulgate the parent's fatalistic outlook? Internet Explorer would be the dominant browser, Windows the only operating system, and we'd be discussing it in an MSN forum. If people believed in this outlook, there was would be no democracy, human rights, and rule of law (in countries around the world), everything would be corrupt and would be the same everywhere, women and minorities would have made no progress, etc. To say it has no effect and nobody cares is edgy and cool these days, but obviously wrong. If your predecessors believed that, I can't imagine how our lives would be now. The fact is that individuals and groups of individuals, if they act, can and do change the world - and change their communities. Ask any leader; the problem is not lack of power but lack of action. Corruption will fall or not based on you, personally, on what you do. Look at what prior generations did for us; what are you doing for the people who follow us? Can you cite bases for these claims and characterizations? Nobody has stormed the Capitol and violently disrupted Congress since the war of 1812, as I understand it. Certainly I've never seen anything like it. I don't agree that the protests described are remotely the same, nor with the characterization of the summer protests as "BLM/Antifa". I saw plenty of massive BLM protests, zero Antifa except occasionally on TV. It's like calling Redmond WA the town of Microsoft / Joe's Diner. The idea that it's both sides and civil war is coming is certainly a claim of the militant right wing that seeks violence. Nobody else says it that I know of. Per another source, the $2.5 billion mostly goes to other major corporations: * 243.6 million fine * $500 million into a fund for the families of passengers who were killed in the crashes * $1.77 billion in compensation to airlines that were unable to use their Max jets while they were grounded https://abcnews.go.com/Politics/wireStory/boeing-pay-25-bill... For the most part, the U.S. Department of Justice saved some Fortune 500 companies from civil litigation costs. The article is about someone in the CIA who ran secret climate research without public recognition. I suggest a more descriptive title would help HN users, even if it bends the rules a bit: Climate Research in the CIA: A Spy for Planet Earth I was originally enthusiastic about the 'wisdom of the crowds' and its potential. The Internet was a great experiment with unknown possibilities. I edited Wikipedia and talked about its potential. I was skeptical at the same time - it was an experiment, not a revelation. I used to tell people, 'I don't know how Wikipedia could work, but it seems to'. I'd apply 'The Cathedral and the Bizarre' concept to it, and 'with enough eyes, all bugs are shallow' (even though those ideas were intended for open source software). The 'wisdom of the crowds' depends on good faith from the members of the crowd. Otherwise you get the manipulation of the crowds and propaganda of the faux crowds. One serious concern I had was that, if economics predicts human behavior to some extent, Wikipedia could be a victim of its own success: The more readers and influence it had, the more likely people would try to use that power. I first saw it happening in 2006, in the page on the Duke University lacrosse team's sexual assault case. Many editors clearly engaged in rewriting history in order to advocate for the lacrosse players; many had names clearly asserting affinity for Duke U., such as 'bluedevil'. That seizure of power was highly disturbing; has Wikipedia developed better means to prevent it now? Of course, the focus on using the 'wisdom of the crowds' to manipulate has shifted to other platforms, such as Facebook and Twitter. I stopped using Wikipedia years ago, other than to lookup basic facts that have little significance to me. I use Britannica (or other expert sources), which IMHO is very good and often very well written. While there is some benefit to 'wisdom of the crowds', I never know if that's what I'm getting at Wikipedia. As for the expert approach, In matters of science, the authority of thousands is not worth the humble reasoning of one single person. The author, Ben Smith, was the editor-in-chief of Buzzfeed News before he worked for the NY Times. The subject of the story worked for Smith at Buzzfeed and last week was in the U.S. Capitol during the insurrection. I found this part most moving and telling: If you haven’t had the experience of posting something on social media that goes truly viral, you may not understand its profound emotional attraction. You’re suddenly the center of a digital universe, getting more attention from more people than you ever have. The rush of affirmation can be giddy, and addictive. And if you have little else to hold on to, you can lose yourself to it. Even as we sought to make our work spread at BuzzFeed, we faced constraints — by truth in our news division, by hewing to a broadly positive set of values on our entertainment side. But Mr. Gionet ultimately broke loose of those boundaries, seeming to follow the signals he found on social media without any scruple. The only through line was his desire to build an audience. He was boosting Bernie Sanders before he was chanting anti-Semitic slogans in Charlottesville, Va., then temporarily recanting those extreme views and later committing violent crimes to get views on YouTube. He built an audience among coronavirus deniers and then, when he apparently contracted the disease, posted the screenshot of his own positive test to Instagram with a tearful emoji. A few weeks later, he joined the pro-Trump uprising in the Capitol. “His politics have been guided by platform metrics,” reflected Andrew Gauthier, who was a top video producer at BuzzFeed and later worked for Joseph R. Biden Jr.’s presidential campaign. “You always think that evil is going to come from movie villain evil, and then you’re like — oh no, evil can just start with bad jokes and nihilistic behavior that is fueled by positive reinforcement on various platforms.” And so Mr. Gionet’s story isn’t quite the familiar one of a lonely young man in his bedroom falling down a rabbit hole of videos that poison his worldview. It’s the story of a man being rewarded for being a violent white nationalist, and getting the attention and affirmation that he’s apparently desperate for. We spent a lot of time at BuzzFeed thinking about how to optimize our content for an online audience; he optimized himself. > In general Wikipedia does have mechanisms to deal with this sort of thing, but admins don't always catch on early enough. I'm not convinced that it works, but regardless, 'not early enough' is effectively not at all. It's like the U.S. Justice Department's antitrust suit against Microsoft - Netscape and others were long out of business. 'Justice delayed is justice denied.' The comment below by arp242 demonstrates it: There was a massive campaign on the lacrosse players' behalf and if the campaign succeeds, it becomes circular: That becomes the truth that arp242 believes. There's no evidence that the accusations were false (last I knew), they were just never brought to court; she never had her day in court. (What was the defense so worried about?). You know what they tell victims like the person allegedly raped: 'Nobody will believe you. You're nothing, we're powerful. We can do whatever we want to you.'. Duke University is a powerful institution; some of the lacrosse players parents were Beltway PR consultants, IIRC. Their position was all over the news; the U.S. Attorney General took a position in a local county DA's sexual assault case of no other merit but its publicity. People in power (and on HN) identify with Duke students, not strippers. What will a stripper do in the face of that? Call up her friends in the CNN newsroom? Look at the things DAs do and never get disbarred. What it takes is bringing charges against the powerful. Wikipedia was part of that. See my response above; thanks. Similar attacks are going on right now, you just won't read about it until the year 202x, if ever. What are you doing about it? Some people perceive Google to be better because when DDG fails, they try Google and sometimes Google succeeds. That's no different than flipping a coin and hoping for heads. You normally flip with your right hand, but when it comes up tails you try again with your left. About half the time, your left succeeds where your right fails, therefore your left hand is better at flipping coins. I'm sure there's a name for that bias? (Notice that you could do it in reverse and draw the reverse conclusion - the same goes for Google and DDG.) To actually compare them, you'd need to do the same searches on both, not just the ones where DDG did poorly. >> There's no evidence that the accusations were false > This is quite the comment; do you need evidence to prove someone's innocence? I didn't say whether they were innocent or guilty; you can see above what I said. As the charges and evidence were never heard in a public forum, we don't know much about them. I think the rest of the parent comment reinforces my view about the power of the communications machine aligned against one woman with few resources and a local DA. The Trump administration has issued many rules in its waning days. For example, they dramatically changed diplomatic practices toward Taiwan and shifted military responsibility for Israel from European Command to Central Command (you can lookup its impact). The rules won't be put into effect, afaict - there's no time - and are worthless for the American people. If the Trump administration thought they were worthy, presumably they would have enacted them years ago when Trump have could utilized them. AFAIK, it's like a CEO changing a bunch of policies on their last day at the company. Now the only purpose I divine is to undermine the American government or score political points. You can ignore it, but then there is no reason for it ever to stop. Interesting: It seems much bigger than that: Any modern 'smart' device is an issue. Any IoT device is an issue. The White House has the same problem that the rest of us do. :) Are you sure you want to participate in a discussion badmouthing Mozilla? You're not directly saying those things, but you are taking part in the dialog. That sort of behavior makes me pretty angry about Brave. Focus on Brave. You have nothing to do with Mozilla. Well that assumes that inclusion in the open Internet is a bad idea. I think it helps the Internet, Mozilla, the industry, our society, and provides opportunity to talented people who otherwise wouldn't have it. Also, as you probably know, many of those things you mention are caused by lack of funds. > working IPFS and TOR right inside your "vanilla" Firefox would give a compelling reason to keep it For 3 people? I don't think IPFS is going to impact market share. Firefox does provide privacy. > It’s basically been decided that we are going to spend silly money keeping a small number of absolutely cutting edge aircraft flying rather than thousands if not tens of thousands of of likely more efficient but less capable possibly drone aircraft. What is the basis for saying that? From what I understand, the U.S. military is investing very heavily in unmanned aerial vehicles, including having F-35's control large numbers of them. It seems intellectually dishonest to me: The job of every news organization is to obtain and publicize otherwise unavailable information, often information that some people want to keep hidden. Someone desiring to withhold the information is the norm, not a reason to make an exception. A journalist's obligation is to their readers. Withholding the identity of a public figure - especially someone who actively attempts to be an influential public figure - is not in their readers' interests. Their job is to inform readers. There is nothing unusual about identifying public figures; it's valuable to the public to know who is behind public actions. If the author is as intelligent and informed as he presents himself to be, he knows that. It's nothing like doxxing, the author knows it, and so do HN readers. The NYT wasn't going to provide his home address and social security number. It's dishonest of the author to say otherwise. To make a massive public stink about the article would of course just inflate his own public profile and spread his name further. Again, if he is the smart person he claims to be, he knows it and did it intentionally. Everyone on HN would know it. It's dishonest to act surprised, but fits the pattern of this sort of manipulative rhetoric - both play the victim and increase your public profile. It's also well-known that powerful people in Silicon Valley are actively engaged in a power play against the news media, also attempting to discredit it. I'm confident that the author knows that very well and knows that his actions will play a part in it. To ignore that is not honest; to claim it is coincidence seems hard to believe. (Also, the news media is a critical part of democracy and an open society; it's not clear the good of society, rather than the narrow interests of powerful people in SV, is on his mind.) Most of this claims are unverified and he offers no evidence. There's no reason I should trust him, especially given the dishonesty I already see. Finally, playing the victim card is a strong signal, IMHO, of an attempt to manipulate. Can you point to specific evidence of i happening? All I see are rumors on the Internet and that they weren't disproved - and event that is just a rumor on the Internet. Turtles all the way down, as is often the case on the Internet. Every communication app 'collects' info, as you must at least transfer the target and content of the communication. Signal is designed to make that data unavailable to Signal itself. The title seems a bit sensational for HN: Space, lasers, stars, orbit. I know the drama is partly embedded in company and product names, but how about: SpaceX places Starlink satellites in polar orbit. The interesting question is, how can they prevent abuse? 1. Spoofed names to perpetrated scams. 2. Groups promoting evil (however it's defined). IIRC by default ny contact must be whitelisted, which helps a bit with scams. But if people get a contact request by their bank or employer, what will they do? For the latter, Signal could incorporate messages in their app that undermines that behavior - for example, promoting tolerance, providing resources for people to report criminal activity, providing encouragement and resources for people to escape cult-like behavior, etc. I wonder how effective that would be. How does this differ from other populist manipulation via social media? We've seen this technique used repeatedly in many domains. IMHO, it looks obviously the same in many ways. It's very effective and we should have anticipated that it would be used to move markets. I expect people on HN to recognize it. The question is, what will we do about it? It's tearing society apart and now it looks to damage our economy too. It is well documented that authoritarian governments, including Russia and China, have invested heavily in these techniques. I don't know the source of the GameStop bubble, but if Russia/China didn't see the potential to attack U.S. society and financial markets before, they see it now and will use it. The question is, what will we do? How do we maintain an open society, which is essential, and protect against this manipulation? I think an essential part of the solution is the power of critical thinking and reason, the very foundations of the Enlightenment, and that the well-educated (not only them, but definitely them) have to take the lead in applying those skills, and start a social media movement in that direction. The people reading this should be leaders; unfortunately, I see them again and again allowing themselves to participate in mob psychology. The response to these events is particularly chilling. Where is the forum of intellect, knowledge and facts? Almost everything I see is misinformation and conspiracy theories. I know nothing about the parent, but because most such claims are false, it should mean nothing to rest of us. And I think the parent shouldn't make it, as they are inflaming and encouraging a situation that will hurt a lot of people. We know well that random people on the Internet aren't reliable. For those who respond, why are you taking it at face value? There are so many assumptions in this narrative that have no foundation. (Neither repetition and emotion are signals of truth; the inflammation and use of those things is a good signal that some manipulation is going on and that facts are lacking.) * The 'little guy' is powering this movement. We don't know who is leading it and who is pushing it. We do know that social media is often used for mass manipulation, leading large numbers into highly delusional, angry territory. * The intention is retribution: We don't know who is pushing this or why. * The 'little guy' will benefit: Investment activities with no economic benefit will lose money, in a functioning market. The 'little guys' are the ones who most need an increase in economic activity and suffer most from the economic loss, especially right now. * Markets are gambling: Financial markets serve an economic benefit to the public; otherwise they have no purpose. Market activity that has no economic benefit wastes precious resources. It denies resources to the people who are most productive to them,and gives them to the unproductive and sometimes to the corrupt, empowering them. * This angry mob is driving GameStop's securities prices: Do we have evidence that it's not others? * Regulations are to control the 'little guy': Regulations protect everyone from fraud and stabilize our markets. Not all regulations are well-intended or perfect, but an unregulated market is not realistic or desirable. * There is a 'little guy' and 'big guy': These are just arbitrary divisions with no definition, and they may have nothing to so with the situation. Whenever something goes wrong, there are always people who will try to gain power buy inflaming a mob and pointing them toward a target. In the past, it was often religion that was used. We know this technique is often used on social media, to great effect. What I see is an angry mob. I wouldn't treat it as anything else. Edit: Looking at past angry mobs and financial bubbles, it's the mob that suffers. Someone else will make money off of them. Can you provide some factual basis for these claims? We can type out claims without foundation endlessly; the Internet demonstrates that well; what we need is real knowledge and facts. What was Elon's tweet? I don't really follow these things, sorry. I'm not making claims, if that's what you mean. The burden of proof is on the person I was replying to. Why should I care about them? They are perpetrating a financial bubble that will harm its participants, the economy (possibly to a significant degree), and that is specifically designed to hurt certain people. They are encouraging a mechanism that could do far more damage in the future. It's an angry, violent mob, and what I see looks very much like other violent, angry mobs I've seen recently, including the portrayal of victimhood in the post, used as a justification for the behavior. Mobs don't end well for the community and especially for the mob. Those who think 'well, I don't like the target so I'll overlook some things' soon find the mob doesn't stop when and where they hoped it would. Inviting and encouraging riots in your city is not a way to solve problems. Sometimes mobs do end well for people behind the scenes that use and manipulate the mob. What good are the participants doing society? I think if you step back and take a deep breath, there's no way that this activity is a good idea. A better link is the paper itself, which is quite readable, succinct, and much more interesting and informative: https://heritagesciencejournal.springeropen.com/articles/10.... "Scratching the surface: the use of sheepskin parchment to deter textual erasure in early modern legal deeds" by Sean Paul Doherty, Stuart Henderson, Sarah Fiddyment, Jonathan Finch & Matthew J. Collins Heritage Science volume 9, Article number: 29 (2021) It's both. As you might imagine, some in each group don't get along well with the other. > thanks haha What's the joke? Lots play OSR, and they are generally more serious and sophisticated gamers than other groups (IME). Memorial, as in relying on memory: One could construe the common law's frequent invocation of what had gone before-precedent, history, tradition-as an appeal to memory, which in some sense it was. But this Article pursues something more specific. It focuses on discussions of the mental faculty of memory, employment of metaphors of remembrance (including the description of the common law as an oral tradition), and changes in what lawyers remembered and how they did so. An English lawyer of, say, 1620 found lengthy discussions in educational manuals on the cultivation of memory, with digressions on its humorial and physiological foundations. Constructing and challenging lineages of local and constitutional customs extending back beyond memory into "immemorial" antiquity occupied his practice. So did discovering and assessing local remembered law. ... He imagined his lawbooks as extensions of porous memory and strove to improve the movement of knowledge between remembrance and text. ... Is this related to the existing Magic Wormhole encrypted file transfer application (which is called "wormhole" on the command line)? https://github.com/magic-wormhole/magic-wormhole Here's an HN discussion of it: https://news.ycombinator.com/item?id=14649727 An LWN article: https://lwn.net/Articles/692061/ This isn't a crowded namespace, relative to many other domains. File transfer isn't setting SV and Wall Street on fire. It may look to some like you are capitalizing on Magic Wormhole's reputation, and whether you intend to or not, you may be doing that - people will confuse them. > Curious: there is an unbelievably huge wealth of this type of "content" that lives almost exclusively in history books, or at least seems profoundly difficult to find on the internet. > Then there's the insane illusion that virtually all knowledge is accessible within the first Google search result page, so I'm always pleased whenever articles like this one find their way to the surface... The accurate and valuable knowledge humanity has produced is mostly behind paywalls: Books and scholarly journals (and also the best journalism). The masses get the dregs - rumors, speculation, ignorance, disinformation, misinformation - 99% crap is not an exaggeration, IMHO. It also is a massive barrier against anyone, including kids, who try to actually learn. Then the experts wring their hands about all the ignorance and false beliefs held by the public, and how uneducated everyone is. Reading actual scholarly work - from people who have personally examined the primary evidence, and who have the expertise to put it in context with prior evidence and have the skills to evaluate it - is transformative (as is the best journalism - people who also examine the evidence, etc.). The difference between that and usual Internet information is mind-altering - they are different worlds, and often say completely different things. What seemed reasonable on the Internet immediately becomes ignorant and deceptive, sometimes intentionally, and useless. (An important trick is to remember next time that what seems reasonable and useful is really, no matter how convincing it feels, is really ignorant and useless.) Also, IME the scholarly work usually is easy to read - easier than the BS on the Internet, because people who know what they're talking about and have evidence tend to write clearly and get directly to the point. I sprung for a personal subscription to the Oxford English Dictionary - I think ~$90 as a special. Just that is transformative: a quick history, at my fingertips, of every concept ever expressed in English - with the primary evidence right there! ... If we could make all the valuable, accurate information available to the public, it could be transformative for everyone. I wish the Gates Foundation would spare a few billion to buy the IP to the scholarly journals and books and make them open. That may do more than any investment. I agree completely about the value of education. I am not one of those who think everyone can be an autodidact and nobody needs to go to college. However, people also learn things on their own, to a great degree. Most people reading this haven't been in school for a long time. > These days, lots of actual user data (i.e. != metadata) gets uploaded to the Signal servers[0] and encrypted with the user's Signal PIN (modulo some key derivation function). Unfortunately, many users choose an insecure PIN, not a passphrase with lots of entropy, so the derived encryption key isn't particularly strong. If I understand what you are saying and what Signal says, Signal anticipates this problem and provides a solution that is arguably optimal: https://signal.org/blog/secure-value-recovery/ My (limited) understanding is that the master key consists of the user PIN plus c2, a 256 bit code generated by a secure RNG, and that the Signal client uses a key derivation function to maximize the master key's entropy. c2 is stored in SGX on Signal's servers. If the user PIN is sufficiently secure, c2's security won't matter - an attacker with c2 still can't bypass the PIN. If the PIN is not sufficiently secure, as often happens, c2 stored in SGX might be the most secure way to augment it while still making the the data recoverable. I'd love to hear from a security specialist regarding this scheme. I'm not one and I had only limited time to study the link above. > I've always hesitated to recommend Signal to people due to Moxie's attitude towards the more traditional security and privacy community where things like federation and open source are respected concepts. My understanding is that is a part of the amateur 'security' community, not the professional or expert one? People with moderating experience: Why not just delete [most] offending comments, immediately, no questions asked (and ban repeat offenders)? For maybe 95% (as a wild guess), there's no question - it's clear that the comment is inflammatory or disinformation or whatever. It surprises me that I see so many of them permitted in so many forums, even here on HN. Why tolerate them? One click and move on. Tell people about the policy, of course, and if the comment is partly offending and partly constructive, delete it. They can re-post the constructive part. It's not hard to behave - we all do it in social situations. If you want your comment to be retained, don't do stupid stuff. ------------ Also, it's telling IMHO that in this conversation among people relatively sophisticated in this issue, organized disinformation is barely discussed. It's well-known, well-documented, and common, yet we seem to close our eyes to it. It's a different kind of moderation challenge. >>> I've always hesitated to recommend Signal to people due to Moxie's attitude towards the more traditional security and privacy community where things like federation and open source are respected concepts. >> My understanding is that is a part of the amateur 'security' community, not the professional or expert one? > Why would you think that? And what is the amateur 'security' community? Hi - I think that because IME federation and open source are heavily emphasized by amateurs, and much less so by professionals. By amateur 'security' community, I mean nothing more than it sounds - non-professionals who focus on security, among a constellation of other issues. My point is that the arsome's comment (the first one) uses "traditional security and privacy community", and I want to clarify what that means. Among professionals, Moxie is much more traditional than the amateurs are, as I understand things. IMHO this argument is potentially interesting philosophically, if someone has something new to say. It's an appeal to the logical extreme of post-modern relativism (and when we see logical extremes, I believe it's a good question to ask - is this a real problem or just philosophical). It also is misleading, IMHO, because it conflates morality, offensiveness, and power. Regardless, these kinds of philosophical arguments can be continued indefinitely, but so is the one that says the Internet is a figment of my imagination. I'm talking about reality. In reality, the human mind doesn't need and very rarely uses the extreme of hard and fast algorithms; we are not computers. I can judge good from bad, constructive from destructive, etc. and it is easy to identify most of the problematic comments. When it's a forum with rules, it's easy to identify (again, a wild guess) 95% of them. Some will, but is that a loss? If you aim at accommodating destructive behavior, you'll have it and attract more of it. If you aim at accommodating constructive behavior, you'll have it and attract more of it. I'd happily let some other sites have the entire market of destructive behavior. But we are just speculating; can someone with actual experience and expertise say how it would work? > I think a clever mod will realize that they are not the Supreme Court. They are certainly not the best judge out there. Just clicking accounts and comments out of existence wont solve misinformation - it will just make the mod a tyrant. We're not talking about prison and the law of the land; we're making decisions about the disposition of some comments on an Internet forum. Far more consequential decisions are made without any due process - for example, managers decide on whether people will keep their jobs; they are 'tyrants'. For internal services, why not use self-signed certs with expiration dates in the 22nd century (if the technology allows that)? You don't need public trust and arguably your own authentication of the cert is more trustworthy a third party's. I can imagine exceptions, such as when code requires a publicly-signed cert, but I suspect I'm missing something obvious here. > 1. don't terminate sentences with .. or ... Why not? 'Do you prefer C or Rust?' 'Would you like paper or plastic?' Perhaps I misunderstand. Three users report they've experienced a bug (the fourth just says Signal won't start). We only know some symptoms of the bug, and almost nothing about its cause. One user guesses at a db size limit, but there is strong evidence that's not the case - including users with much larger data stores and the fact that media is stored externally to the database (as we would expect). Without more information, the problem could have little to do with Signal. It may be something funky about Android when it's low on space, or a million other possibilities. Put on your IT hats - there is nothing of significance here; it's just an unconfirmed, undiagnosed bug reported by three users. I misunderstood what the GGP was referring to. As far as I know, ending a sentence with ellipses is considered improper English except for some special cases. One difference: Each coop member owns shares in the entire organization's assets, not in their specific unit (or they own the same fraction of their unit that they own of their neighbor's). For example, imagine the cooperative owns 10 buildings totally 50 units, worth $12 million total. Each of the 50 shareholders owns shares worth $12m/50 = $240,000. For simplicity, I'm omitting the issue of the members building equity over time. > I would prefer to see this type of system operated as a private cooperative, 100% owned by participants, rather than a government-run program. My thought too. There is cooperative housing that is run this way, though not on a large scale (that I know of). That's been our practice, for the reasons you describe, and we also take steps to make the passwords memorable (while retaining sufficient resistance to cracking). We also tell users that if they write down the password, don't write 'password' or the username or anything else on the paper - you will know what it is - and don't put it someplace obvious (on the monitor, under the keyboard, etc.). What news source are you referring to? That doesn't describe most publications, online or offline, such as the NY Times, Washington Post, Wall Street Journal, or the Washington Monthly, where the OP article is published. It doesn't describe many local publications I know of. Certainly there are some publications that fit the description, but we have many, many alternatives. I would pay for high-integrity tech journalism, and I'm surprised that many more don't do the same. Many of our businesses depend on that information. Then the publication has to please its readers, not telling them news they don't want to hear. Imagine a user-funded source publishing negative news about the GameStop mob. The key here is that the operation "involved the FBI removing malware from privately owned and operated victim servers without advance notice ..." I don't see the difference between these and other 'hackers', white-hat, black-hat etc. The difference I see is the institution tested, Linux, is beloved here. Usually people are admired here for finding vulnerabilities in all sorts of systems and processes. For example, when someone submits a false paper to a peer-reviewed journal, people around here root for them; I don't see complaints about wasting the time and violating the trust of the journal. But should one of our beloved institutions be tested - now it's an outrage? They did not secretly introduce exploitable bugs: Once any maintainer of the community responds to the email,indicating “looks good”,we immediately point out the introduced bug and request them to not go ahead to apply the patch. At the same time, we point out the correct fixing of the bug and provide our proper patch. In all the three cases, maintainers explicitly acknowledged and confirmed to not move forward with the incorrect patches. This way, we ensure that the incorrect patches will not be adopted or committed into the Git tree of Linux. https://www-users.cs.umn.edu/~kjlu/papers/clarifications-hc.... > If it quacks like a duck and waddles like a duck, then it is a duck. A lot of horrible things have happened on the Internet by following that philosophy. I think it's imperative to learn the rigorous facts and different interpretations of them, or we will continue to great harm and be easily manipulated. I assume you mean 40 C, not 40 F? I started washing everything on cold (my washer actually has a 'Tap Cold' setting - just tap water) and it works just as well. I encourage everyone to just try it once - it won't hurt anything and you can always re-run the load - and you will never go back. Also, you don't have to sort clothes. I read in some credible, non-technical publication, I think the NYT or WSJ, an interview with a engineer in that field (something like detergents or washing machines) who said that detergents used to need heat to enhance the chemical reaction, but that it's no longer true and cold water works just as well. EDIT: Does anyone know a good technical, authoritative resource on laundry? Consumer Reports has well-researched info, but not in the depth I'd like. > the great writers were those whos portraits we had on the wall in literature class It's completely up to the authorities to define great writers? > Pasternak was given Nobel prize for "Doctor Zhivago". When reading the book I was disappointed a bit: why give such a high prize for such a boring book. Maybe other people liked it, even if you didn't? > And usually I can spot good quality of a person by a few minutes of listening just to find out later that I was correct. It has happened many times already to be sure about it. How do you know it's "correct"? Another hypothesis that fits is that you don't change your opinion when you get more information, you stick with your first instinct. Do others ever disagree with your assessments? What makes you right and them wrong? From the Consumer Reports article cited below: > When a family member is sick, use hot water mixed with chlorine bleach to reduce bacteria in the bed linens and towels. The same goes for cleaning dirty cloth diapers, or other messes. But also, > Heating water accounts for about 90 percent of the energy needed to run a washer So I only use heat for special occasions. Article: https://www.consumerreports.org/washing-machines/dont-bother... The same could have been said of wind and solar years ago. The same is said of any innovation. Aren't we on HN? > graphomania (I don't know if it is customary to call bad books by this name in English, but we usually use this word) Great word! And as someone who knows a bit about English literature, I've never heard it before. It's a common trope about widely respected, intellectual works, 'nobody really likes them'. (The following is not about you; I don't know you at all, of course:) Frankly, I think people can find them difficult, naturally, and an anti-intellectual response is an easy cover story that they know will be socially accepted. Lots of people like these works, including Dr Zhivago and Maria Stepanova. As I've grown older I've learned that if I don't like it then usually there's something I'm missing, which an opportunity for me to learn. As I've grown more sophisticated, I've learned why they are so admired - I just lacked the background to grasp it before. Certainly, reading these works in school was often impractical. Now, I'm sorry I don't have the time to read them all. Sorry, I didn't know you were being ironic. I'll add to your point that 'stars and badges' (from a source I trust) on something I don't like can be a signal that there is something more there, outside my understanding, and that's often the most fruitful thing to read. Solar and wind were widely said to be too expensive (and too limited in other ways) to compete, and I'm pretty sure that was in the last 20 years. Fusion hasn't worked out either; I'm not expecting much; I'm glad the research continues. Is fusion also a boondoggle and pipe dream? This is trolling. It's purely a strawman setup - nothing factual is provided, it's all speculative; many of the conditions are known to be false; and it ignores our well-established knowledge about racism in law enforcement. Yes, trolling, ignorant BS is not popular. Will you? It depends on the law, the resources law enforcement dedicates to moonshine enforcement, the attitude toward you of the individual officers, and your personal power - including your ability to afford a good lawyer. And much of that is strongly correlated with race. > if There is a lot of evidence, that is easy to find, that laws criminalize African-Americans (e.g., drugs abused by poor African-Americans are criminal and result in prison; those abused by wealthy white people are sicknesses and result in treatment); that police harass and are brutal toward them (e.g., driving while black, predictive policing, and all the well-documented brutality and racism), and that prosecutors and courts sentence them to disproportionately harsh sentences, including long probation and loss of voting rights, and the inability, with a conviction, to get employment. In my city I've seen the police in action many 5 times. Twice, it involved clear abuse and harassment of peaceful African-Americans. It's just my anecdotal experience, but are the odds? Your argument is decades-old at this point; we know so much more now. What do you think of all that's been learned in the meantime (and by learned, I mean learned by the wealthy white population - it was known by some for generations)? Are we going to just rehash decades of learning? Nobody is making the points you are arguing with. > Solar has been in widespread use for more than 30 years, wind for millennia. C'mon, you know that's not what I mean. Heck, solar has been in use for millennia too: Matzoh is in the Bible! Thanks to photosynthesis and our atmosphere, solar has provided almost all energy on earth for billions of years! And hyperbole isn't an argument, it's the lack of arguments. A much more informative link: https://www.powermag.com/shakeup-for-720-mw-nuclear-smr-proj... I listed a few examples; there are many others that are well known and easy to learn about. If you want to provide evidence, address the issues, and advance our knowledge, please do! > you suggest that issues of race and crime in America are settled, or that we've "learned" the right answer, suggests that you believe people on the other side of this issue are somehow remedial. Surely you see how this can be an obstacle to convincing them you are correct. But these strawperson characterizations and this victimhood are more distractions from the issues, as is the ignorance of the GGP post I responded to above - they are well-known ways of halting progress. And yes, there are some things that are well-established (though again, I haven't said the words you put in my mouth); I'm not going to spend time reviewing all human knowledge (also a well-known technique of stopping discussion). I'm here to move forward. Certainly, there is spare capacity of empty ride-sharing cars; it's not just-in-time inventory where they drop someone off and immediately pick someone up. Also, in many jurisdictions, capacity for taxis is limited; that's what the medallions are for. Ride-sharing capacity is not limited. I haven't seen data on whether taxis or ride-sharing have more spare capacity in terms of miles, but I have seen data that ride-sharing vehicles significantly increase traffic. The obvious solution is to the free-market one: Businesses who want to use a scarce (in the economic sense, i.e., 'limited') public good, road capacity, bid on it. If I understand correctly, that's what taxi medallions are. Many respond with outrage about anything that limits ride-sharing, but they are taking my road space, which my tax dollars pay for. Also, it's a solution for a physically able demographic. Elderly people and many others need last-mile transportation too - and they are even more dependent on it the physically healthy. A majority of cities always have rideable weather? Which ones? > strongmen with guns You mean the democratic choice of local citizens? > An economic engine like ride sharing How is it an economic engine? Who benefits? The jobs don't apy well. AFAICT, the main economic beneficiary is the shareholders of the ride-sharing companies, but I genuinely wonder what the truth is. Sorry, good point. I meant, given that ride-sharing exists, this is the solution. No idea why you are getting downvoted! > taxi’s only get to use X amount Right; road capacity is a scarce resource. There isn't an unlimited amount available. > The actual free market solution would be per mile tolls that increase with congestion Sure, modern tech allows more flexible pricing than periodic capacity auctions. However, I wonder if it allows long-term investment, given that tomorrow your capacity could effectively disappear. > and charge regardless of vehicle type That ends up being regressive taxation. Public resources are public goods; they are for everyone, regardless of ability to pay. I absolutely oppose effectively restricting poor people from the roads in parts of the city - and what happens if there is a lot of traffic in their own neighborhood? Can they pull out of their parking spot? > bullshit Well if you put it that way ... > Its a good reminder that things we think are common sense (like the government being involved in murder but not in legislating how much jewelry a girl can wear) are not necessarily so. They are very much cultural based. And these are both human cultures. What would an alien culture think is common sense? First, I think the word "culture" is extremely loaded and ambiguous, and stereotypes great masses of individuals each with their own opinions, and to make static things that constantly change. But that said, whatever it is, it exists somehow. IMHO this relativism argument - that it's nothing more than local 'culture' - is greatly overstated. The evidence is that individual liberty is a principle embraced by people almost every place that they have had the choice: The U.S., almost every country in Europe, Japan, China (where they have a choice - in Taiwan, in Hong Kong until very recently, and in Tienanmen Square in 1989 - they strongly advocate for it), Korea, India, almost every country in Latin America, Tunisia, Syria (where they had a choice), Benin, Botswana, etc. etc. In addition, people risk their lives to travel from repressive countries without traditions of liberty to free countries and they strongly embrace the freedom. My ancestors did. Finally, you don't see people migrating the other way. (I don't see how speculating on unknown, non-human, intelligent lifeforms informs the discussion.) First, you aren't forced to pay any tax, the ride-sharing company is. Businesses like to say that taxes are passed on to their customers, but that's not actually true (depending on the elasticity of demand). If Uber could increase revenue by charging more to cover some new tax, they'd already have done it to increase their profit. > I don't have a car. why should I pay for your right to drive on the roads for free That's an issue with every public good, from schools to police to public health to courts to real estate records office, etc. None are utilized anything like equally across the population. Yet we chip in and pay for them because we decide, collectively, that they are important for the community. Also, you do use the roads all the time even if you don't drive yourself. Your hair stylist uses them to get to work, your groceries get to the store, your customers come to your store, etc. etc. Imagine your situation if there were no roads. > (semi-)public transportation It's a private, for-profit company. > Platitudes such as “public resources are public goods; they are for everyone, regardless of ability to pay” will not solve congestion. Calling it a platitude doesn't address that critical issue; it does suggest you don't know how else to address it? While I am a strong advocate of biking, if my elderly relative falls, even once, it could be disastrous. In one elderly couple I know, they sustain permanent or serious injuries when they fall just walking, and they don't heal so fast or well. One slipped in the bathroom and broke their collarbone. The other slipped on the sidewalk and has permanently lost significant function in their left (dominant) hand. An injury that requires prolonged immobility, such as a broken hip, not uncommonly leads to death. No way are they riding a bike. Not only would they hit cement at bicycle speeds, they lack coordination, strength, and mental acuity. I have been in many situations on bikes that they simply couldn't handle. As one simple example, what happens if there is no curbcut or some other obstacle. I can simply lift by bicycle over any obstacle; they cannot always do that, and especially with the added weight of a battery, and then consider that a tricycle is the only feasible option for their balance. > Their tax dollars paid for them too. There’s no reason businesses should have to pay to use the road, and everybody else shouldn’t. There's an essential reason: Businesses are not human beings. They don't have rights and we generally don't provide them with public goods. If a person loses everything and is on the street, that's a tragedy and we try to help them; if they are ill, they are guaranteed medical care (depending on some factors); if they die, it's a serious matter involving grief, sometimes crime, etc. If a business loses everything or is ailing or 'dies', it's just part of the creative destruction of capitalism. I can kill your business and be congratulated. People own the roads and the city - they democratically decide what happens with them - and businesses don't. It's not so simplistic, of course, but people need access to roads and we generally believe that freedom involves the ability to move around the public areas as one pleases, regardless of wealth or other factors. While I can see the drawback you describe, isn't that basic capitalism, in regard to any asset? If someone else wants to buy they medallion, they are welcome to make an offer at any time, not just annually. >> That's an issue with every public good, from schools to police to public health to courts to real estate records office, etc. None are utilized anything like equally across the population. Yet we chip in and pay for them because we decide, collectively, that they are important for the community. > Then why not subsidize cars, or better yet, offer a free car per citizen? In fact, "we" decided that we should tax cars and maybe we should also tax car usage (gas, roads, pollution, ...). OK, why or why not? Are you proposing something? > There should be roads. And private drivers shouldn't get out of paying for them. They do pay, via their taxes, which is the generally appropriate way to fund public goods. I was alive then too. I don't recall having trouble getting around without Uber and Lyft (which, despite the story that you repeat above, provide service in markets well-served by taxis and public transit). > the state operates under the implicit threat of violence No, despite that hot trope, it's not true and doesn't survive much examination. I have never experienced a threat of violence from the state; that's certainly not why I do anything. In fact, even states run by totalitarian dictatorships require the support of the people. If they lose it, no matter how much violence they use, the state collapses. This isn't theoretical; it's government 101. I'm not saying that violence isn't used, but my state survives because I support it and the rule of law, like almost everyone. pcmag.com repeats a small part of this story from Axios, which is much more informative: https://www.axios.com/roku-google-youtube-tv-dispute-525316c... > The company claimed that the patches had “been released to address a recently identified security vulnerability. The security patch strengthens the protections of the solutions.” However, Vice also reports that the company did not “specifically say whether the addressed vulnerability is one and the same as the one disclosed by Marlinspike.” IIRC Marlinspike didn't disclose one vulnerability, but a massive class of them: Cellebrite must process media in every possible format and thus relies on components from outside sources, FFmpeg being just one example. Cellebrite inherits security vulnerabilities from all those components, and doesn't appear to be diligent in keeping them patched (not that a perfect record of patching would protect them - the attack surface is enormous and probably most component developers don't provide sufficient security). Integrating insecure code is likely a necessary decision for Cellebrite: Writing, maintaining, and updating their own code to process all types of media, and keep up-to-date with all changes to all those types of the media, seems impossible and certainly uneconomical. What could they do? Maybe they could sandbox each component but then they'd need a lot of horsepower in their device. Speaking theoretically: If you want to isolate an application, it seems you need extra resources to run the isolation functions, to handle any trade-offs they introduce (it's hard to believe it's zero), and to reproduce needed functionality and services that are outside the isolated space. Essentially, I'm imagining a bunch of isolated VMs. How is that wrong in practice? > It’s a little surprising how much effort went into things early in the pandemic that didn’t pan out. It is? We were dealing with an unknown disease. > Official contact tracing in the US is a complete dud and had negligible impact on the spread. People informing their fiends/family “hey I just got Covid you should probably test/isolate” was what practically can make a difference. What is this based on? Contact tracing in the US wasn't executed much, but that doesn't mean it wouldn't have had a large impact. I don't regularly exercise, therefore exercise wouldn't have a large impact? Smart person, and it takes courage to not go (down) with the crowd. The people who don't come back up are the ones who lack your good judgment, I expect. Agreed - it just limits the damage. There's a setting in Signal where you can force it to always (or never?) use P2P. While I generally support Signal's mission, let's not get too taken in by their own PR and its triumphal tone, however satisfying it may be to thumb one's nose at the powerful. (People tend to trust the PR they like and distrust PR they don't like - let's think critically about of all of it.) Based only on this post and the Cellebrite hack, Signal appears overconfident, taken with their own press clippings, and making enemies. That's not behavior that leads to good security: Paranoid, worried about the next vulnerability, and utilizing excellent risk management to prevent conflict are what I would look for. How does it help their millions of users when Signal provokes a leading forensics firm and the U.S. DoJ? Could you imagine a security team at a company doing this, making problems for the company? It would be absurd. Maybe Signal feels they need the publicity. Project Zero tries to improve security for the public and in ways that directly or indirectly affect Google, as do many other hackers, by informing the public of risks and by pressuring developers to be more diligent and to fix specific vulnerabilities. I don't see Signal's recent blog post as trying to pressure Cellebrite to improve their security. And the fact that other people do something isn't evidence of good judgment - other people can be stupid, and your circumstances are your own. Moxy doesn't work for possibly the most well-resourced security organization in the world (maybe outside the NSA), and he's not some independent hacker: he has a company, a product, and the privacy of millions of people that he has taken responsibility for - it's like having kids: you don't get to think of just yourself anymore, ever. > asinine At least you take your own advice. > When Steve Jobs passed in 2011 I was certain that Apple would lose its way and start diluting their products/brand. To the contrary the last 10 years where an absolute tour the force in expansion of the spirit of Apple. Under Jobs, they would regularly create whole new categories and concepts of technology and revolutionize others. I don't recall it happening since; they capitalize on everything that was created under Jobs (and do it well). It's sometimes philosophically interesting to try to define them explicitly, but let's start from an honest basis: the differences are obvious. Also, I don't agree with the example: Steve wouldn't be invited back after either act. YMMV. It also constrains supply of real estate, driving up the value for property owners. Perhaps exclusivity is important to these customers. The real estate agent isn't posting images on the web for the mass market to see. Perhaps people like living in smaller quarters in cities - the market seems to indicate that, based on the price per square foot people are willing to pay for urban apartments compared with ... anyplace else in the world. > GP made it seem like whites being a big part of current techno scene is bad. I don't see that; I don't see any "guilt", using your word. Can you point it out? People have other motives. My impression is that you brought your own (reactionary?) bias to it, using a reactionary talking point whether it really applies or not. Why bring down someone who is trying to expand their experiences, knowledge, and community, in a world where racism is common and leads to many people being excluded. We should work to include - that's great, creative, positive; there's no reason it needs to be motivated by guilt. Omitting jazz from the list of African-American musical innovations is like omitting goal-scoring from Messi's achievements or MacOS from Apple's. Also, by "rap" I think you mean 'hip-hop', which includes sampling and mixing, especially using turntables. > Well, blues is the son of jazz music :) Try some Muddy Waters and John Coltrane, listen, then report back. With due respect, beyond every form of music being related to every other (just like you are probably a distant relative of mine), they are such different genres that my impression of the comment - which could be completely wrong - is that the commenter has not listed to jazz, blues, or both. > tribal music What tribes? Where? When? Techno is the sound of automation, or as one of the Detroit originators said, 'like James Brown and Kraftwerk stuck in an elevator together'. > Los Angeles’ KISS 106. You heard Cerrone, Cameo, Toto, Grandmaster Flash, Prince, Teena Marie, Kool and the Gang, Black Russian, EWF—-the least formatted format on the market. It was a Cambrian explosion of dance music, much of which became the basis of techno styles. That sounds a lot like the Electrifying Mojo, mentioned in the article. Mojo played rock and other stuff too. Some thoughts from someone who was there, on the fringe of it: Detroit: is a land of wondrous musical invention, just new trends but whole new paradigms over and over, and it's never credited: Motown, of course; Punk (Iggy Pop & the Stooges, MC5 - name earlier punk!); Funkadelic (George Clinton et al); and Techno. At their heart they are creative, artistic, non-commercial (Motown being a big exception to the latter). Try to name other communities that match it, and give Detroit some due. Techno: I've heard it described (by someone who would know) as the music of black middle class kids in Detroit. Think of what that means: Think of the historical implications, for the next generation after the civil rights era. Think of how rare that image is - today - in our public sphere, 'black middle class kids'. And from this perspective, to great disappointment, the black musical genre that America embraced was hip-hop, which sold itself as the stereotype many whites have of African-Americans: Poverty, violence, crime, lack of education, acting out, etc. That's what people associate with black kids - and that's what they bought - not futuristic techno; everyone in the world knows hip-hop is 'black' music; few outside techno know its origins. It makes me angry to this day. Here's a bit of that history, from the 313 (Detroit area code) techno mailing list: http://music.hyperreal.org/lists/313/08.html Through the 1990s, Juan Atkins, Derrick May, Kevin Saunderson and the other techno pioneers, legends and stars elsewhere, were unknown in Detroit beyond the small techno community. Every summer in Hart Plaza downtown, Detroit hosts various weekend festivals, such as a large country music festival. In 2000 a new one was added to the schedule, the Detroit Electronic Music Festival. I can't express the shock, the bewilderment, of local Detroiters when a million people from around the world showed up - to Detroit? For electronic music? Why??? The visitors knew more than the locals. And I was there - my favorite musical memory - for the moment Derrick May, long ignored in his hometown, at last took to the turntables before a massive crowd in Detroit : https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=R4xqV9_7rf0 Probably your first time discussing these things on the Internet! I posted it below, but here's an amazing history of the Music Institute in the late 1980s, in a way the peak of the scene where techno was created: http://music.hyperreal.org/lists/313/08.html Google could 'save' even more by firing all its employees and selling all its assets. Expenses are there for a reason; they are investments that earn a return. If you cut the expense, merely to 'save', you are ignorant of a fundamental of business. A similar argument is made about taxes: they are described as only expenses when the issue should be discussed as investments (i.e., 'is the return high enough on this investment of our collective money?'). If these expenses were so obviously unproductive, Google would have cut them already. The difference is that HN likes Linux (and Elon Musk and etc.), and dislikes some others. If this happened with Google, for example, HN comments would say 'What are you complaining about? Review your patches! If you had done your job, it wouldn't have been a problem. The researchers did you and us a valuable service.' Critical thought, especially about ourselves, seems a victim of recent social trends. Maybe rename: TMON: 1990s debugger for Mac ? It's not quite within the rules, but it would give people some sense of what's inside. It's Red Hat advertorial, but it's interesting to examine their arguments about the differences between RHEL's no-cost option and FOSS options such as CentOS, its successor Rocky Linux, Fedora, etc. Other major news sites with Onion hosts: NY Times https://www.nytimes3xbfgragh.onion/ BBC News https://www.bbcnewsv2vjtpsuy.onion/ Pro Publica https://p53lf57qovyuvwsc6xnrppyply3vtqm7l6pcobkmyqsiofyeznfu... ------------------- Two things I don't understand about Tor: 1. According to circuits displayed by the Tor browser, connections to .onion hosts appear to traverse the Internet in the open. Am I misunderstanding the UI? If not, why does Tor do it? What is the benefit? Why not go directly to Tor relays? For example, my connection to The Intercept's new Tor service looks like this (countries and IP addresses changed): * This browser * Albania (1.2.3.4) Guard * Benin (5.6.7.8) * Canada (9.10.11.12) * Relay * Relay * Relay * 27m3p2uv7igmj6kvd4ql3cct5h3sdwrsajovkkndeufumzyfhlfev4qd.onion 2. Tor only routes TCP. Is there a risk of leakage if other protocols are used? IIRC, streaming often uses UDP or similar - what if I stream something? > It is not what "poeple associate with black kids", it is what it was and what it is, most black kids are not middle class. What is that based on? What data or experience do you have? It looks to me like your argument is that racial stereotypes are a given truth - a sadly ignorant, uncritical point of view. Most kids are not middle-class, but the African-American middle class has exploded in size. And middle-class or not, that doesn't make black kids into stereotypes of hip-hop music. I've known and know many (of all classes); they are just people, neighbors, friends, kids. It's bizarre to see people - always people mostly isolated from experience - talking about them like they are anything else. And where on HN and in most of our lives are African-Americans to speak for themselves, with their own voices, rather than other people talking about them? If any are here and read the parent, would they stick around? There is plenty of research on such tax breaks; much of it says that they don't pay off (except for the company), though I don't know it well enough to say that's a consensus. Note that taxes per job, and thus community investment and services per job, will be lower. In that sense, these jobs are less valuable to the people of NC. Think of it this way: They are reducing education funding - future prosperity for the entire state - as a trade-off for a certain number of current jobs. > many states (such as Texas) have no income tax at all, yet they manage That's debatable. Just because they do it doesn't mean it's a good idea. Small businesses are at a big competitive disadvantage, trying to compete with big companies that get these massive handouts. At least NC should apply the tax breaks evenly to any newly created jobs. I wonder if it violates the prohibition against a bill of attainder or similar laws that benefit/harm a specific party. Is there a reliable list of cars that do not surveil me, or that can be modified to not surveil me? I read a Bruce Schneier article a little while ago (maybe the article was much older) where he said that he looked, but didn't find one that met his other needs. Answering my own question: Maybe abandoned brands and models, for which the manufacturer has little interest in the data and nobody maintaining that infrastructure. The headline news is that they do so with impunity and achieved their goals at no cost. The corporations ("like AT&T, Comcast and Charter"), their association (Broadband for America), the lobbying firm (unnamed - who is it?), and the FCC, to the degree it failed its duties, suffer no consequences - and indeed the corporations get what they wanted; their plan worked. > The report said investigators had not found evidence that Broadband for America or the lobbying firm it used for the campaign were aware of the fraud. But, the attorney general said, several “significant red flags” had “appeared shortly after the campaign started, and continued for months yet still remained unheeded.” > The attorney general’s office said it had reached agreements with three “lead generation” services that were involved — Fluent, Opt-Intelligence and React2Media, companies that gather customers for clients as part of marketing efforts. Under the agreements, the companies said they would more clearly disclose to individuals how their personal information was being used. The companies also agreed to pay over $4 million in penalties. > Separation of church and state should be followed by separation of companies and state. Very interesting! > Plausible deniability is a thing. It only works if you don't hold actors responsible for consequences, only for knowingly doing wrong. For example, if Tesla cars periodically exploded when the batteries drained to zero, Tesla couldn't say 'well, we didn't know'. Nobody cares; it's your job to know. In fact, it adds to the failure that you didn't know (though knowingly selling that product might not be so hot either - not a perfect example). When does law and regulation require knowledge? When is knowledge part of your responsibility? IMHO, there are civilians and soldiers. The mom & pop convenience store can say 'we didn't know' about some things; Whole Foods, with its resources and expertise, had better know. Personally, when I'm doing something professionally, I never want to say 'I didn't know'. It's embarrassing. Unless it's some oddball thing that isn't even worth thinking about, it's my job to anticipate and to know. 'I didn't know' means 'I wasn't doing my job, and I don't even understand that my responsibility or what it means to be professional.' In every question that I tried so far, the correct answer was the happiest of the multiple choice options. For example, if the question is, 'how many kittens have a warm place to sleep?', they would offer, 10% 40% 70% And of course the answer is 70%. They never offer, 50% 70% 90% Nor, 70% 85% 95% Bottom line is in the last few sentences (ironically for an article on communicating science): > But the message isn’t out there. If the response to the pandemic has had one lesson, it’s that people with more information make better decisions. You want to get your normal life back? You have to stop the pandemic for other people. The sin of vaccine statistics is making that simple truth murky instead of clear. The title needs to be de-click-baited, IMHO. Personally, click-bait and other Internet provocation and trolling now has the opposite effect - instant turn-off. I just don't bother to read it. > The choices are deliberately wide. I'm not saying they are too wide. I'm saying they are framed to show the situation positively. If you ask, 'what portion of the U.S. population has been infected with Coronavirus?' and present these options: 10% 25% 40% The correct answer (~10%; I don't know exactly) looks positive - it's the lowest number. The following options have the opposite effect (IMHO): 1% 2% 10% Thanks. Can you recommend where to read more about it - the whole chain of argument about English, direct object 'markers', etc.? The telecoms weren't even fined. The telecoms formed an association (of some sort) called Broadband for America; Broadband for America hired an unnamed lobbying group; the lobbying group hired three lead generation companies, Fluent, Opt-Intelligence and React2Media. The lead generation companies paid the fines. See how it works? If not, let me give another example that's more familiar, from movies: The mobster wants someone dead. The mobster tells the head of their criminal syndicate, who talks to another criminal syndicate who specializes in this sort of thing, who hires some outsiders to do the job. The police catch the outsiders, who take the fall; the DA prosecutes and convicts them, and says 'justice has been done!' When separation of church and state was implemented, churches were very powerful. I wonder what the differences are between their power and modern corporations. The cited source, the brazenly partisan Guido Fawkes website, is hardly a credible one. Do you have something better? For others, just look at Guido Fawkes' front page. Thanks! When I was pretty young, I studied a language that used word terminations (and other means) without word order. I was too young too appreciate the linguistic differences, nor did I understand why a certain word order was chosen. It would give a lot more flexibility. I am going to lookup what you wrote about the evolution and use of active voice in English - something I always wondered about. > It would be practically unenforceable if CA did it, or even the US. The market in both is large, but not large enough, and it's hard to force compliance on companies from other countries. The U.S. regularly imposes plenty of requirements that are far more difficult to meet, in many industries. The U.S. is the largest market in the world for many goods; I think the parent greatly underestimates the power and practices of national governments. Smaller countries also impose requirements. I don't want to be a grinch - I like the idea of sharing books and building community - but what are the odds that I'll find a/the book I want to read next? Maybe I'm just more choosy than most, but I'll read very few books in my lifetime and so that list is very exclusive. I am not looking for random books. Edits: Food? Kitchen supplies? Tools?!! How about cabinets that share anything: Whatever is functional and safe, that you don't need or are willing to share, put in your cabinet. A clear door will make the contents discoverable. Maybe an optional website where you can list contents online, making them searchable. Or ... a website where you simply list what you are willing to share, a sort of Craigslist for sharing (and giveaways).[0] Neighbors search, find your thing, contact you, and stop by to pick it up. It would scale up well and be very efficient. [0] Sorry, maybe I should say 'an Uber or Airbnb for your stuff'. Who said it was a bad idea? Some focus only on the upside, more relevant ads, some only on the downside, lost privacy. How do you balance the two? What stops Facebook (and others) from integrating some feature that legitimately needs additional data, and using that data also for tracking users? Is there something in Apple's new security implementation that prevents it? For example, Facebook could integrate a 'find x nearby' feature, and then ask for location data. The feature wouldn't need to be popular or even well implemented. It seems like an obvious step. That's quite a strawperson - it creates a fictional story and then criticize the characters. The U.S. government has been addressing computer security in infrastructure for a long time. > Following a 2015 lawsuit brought in the US by the publisher Elsevier, Elbakyan remains in hiding due to the risk of extradition ... The perils of Wikipedia: That statement is cited to a Science article from 2016. If the citation is accurate (never a sure thing), Science's writer probably would have taken her word for it - it's not a investigative journalism organization - and even if that's all true, it's from 5 years ago. Should the military be handling domestic cybersecurity? That seems especially perilous to civil liberties, something out of dystopian sci-fi. The military's role isn't to provide peace and justice for citizens, it's to kill people and destroy things. That's not an insult to the military, that's what soldiers will tell you; we need to be realistic about it. They should not be operating around civilians in peacetime (except in special circumstances). Is your argument that if there's a problem, the government must not have tried to prevent it? We still have cancer; does the NIH exist? We still have crime, food poisoning, car accidents ... > I know that this kind of data in corporations is guarded good enough so leaks are unlikely. With due respect, and you are completely entitled to your preferences, leaks are very common and a big problem, often reported on HN. In what way are those statements supported by a factual basis? What do they mean, specifically? As a simple factual counterpoint, the distribution of income and wealth varied widely between those periods. Also, the choice of years omits WWI, the Great Depression, and much more. > The times don't change all that much. Again, any basis in fact? They aren't even in the museum. It's telling painters, 'all paintings are the same'. The interesting question is, why? Why is nihilism somehow psuedo-intellectually cool? This widens my immediate perspective, thanks. One can get caught up in the topic as framed. And great points: > "Not fitting comfortable into a genre" is so bland a compliment!" > Steve Reich wrote several pieces of tape music (processed tape recordings) back in the 70s that were a huge hit (in avant circles), but then he went to study in Ghana and decided that this was a mistake. He felt that the purpose of music was for humans to play and sing together as a group activity, and that pre-recorded music did not fulfill this very deep human need. That is very interesting. (Also, I've only heard Reich's music live, but I've never played along.) In folk music, it is a core belief (long ignored): It's music for folks. Woody Guthrie's songs were written so anyone could play or sing them, as I understand the story. His successors often played more complicated and challenging stuff, much that ordinary people couldn't hope to perform or isn't singalong music. It's hard to imagine sitting around a bar or a living room or out under the stars, singing 'Like a Rolling Stone' together. I didn't know metal was so big in Athens, Greece. Thanks. > So why didn't the black grasroots ever sprout an analogous new rock scene, instead of turning towards the mainstream, big stage, light show, for-profit music that comes from black artists for the last few decades? For me, that's like asking, 'why didn't Van Gogh ever develop something innovative, like the abstract artists, instead of painting in his popular impressionist style?'. Is there any subculture in the world that has invented more music on the grassroots level than African-Americans? There's jazz, blues, gospel, turntableism (i.e., two turntables and a microphone), rap, techno (yes, created by African-Americans in Detroit), and all their derivatives: R&B, soul, hip-hop, etc. etc. All of that began at the grassroots. Just because people aren't inventing rock genres, doesn't mean they aren't inventing musical genres - does that need to be said? Just because you hear it now on the big stage doesn't mean it was born there, or that there isn't grassroots innovation still going on that you don't see. > The article makes a very strenuous effort to make a point about something something racism in rock that sounds a bit boring and trite to my ears. White people's skepticism of racism, every time it's mentioned, is tired and old - as old as racism, I suppose. FarmOS is included in AgStack under 'members and partners'. > Pre-industrialisation life managed itself just fine for millenia. What do you mean by that, specifically? Clearly we benefit enormously from what has happened since, including food, shelter, peace, freedom, knowledge, etc. etc. I just got something called a vaccine, which protects me from a deadly disease. Someone stuck a needle in my arm, but they had figured out how to do that perfectly safely. The vaccine was driven to the provider, kept cold in refrigeration, and I also drove the provider after making prior arrangements via telecommunications. You're literate and reading this on a website using a computer, a vast collection of manufactured items ... You get the idea. I'm sorry you feel that way. To be clear, I am not calling you racist (whatever that means exactly) and I am not calling that sentence racist, etc. But I have said racist things and held racist perspectives in my life; I'm human; I probably still do, unwittingly. I take that seriously - it hurts people, maybe more than anything else in humanity. (To make clear my position: I'll be damned if the scourge continues, on anything like its current scale, past my generation.) Also, sometimes I say things that unwittingly contribute to racism. If you did one of those things - I'm not saying you did - it wouldn't make you the devil. It's not about judging you; I assume you don't want to do these things either. This is my personal point of view in more detail. From the GGP: > The article makes a very strenuous effort to make a point about something something racism in rock that sounds a bit boring and trite to my ears. IMHO that sentence makes a joke of the article's points about racism, and calls them "boring and trite". Also, importantly it's an expression of feelings, not facts and reasoning. I'm saying it fits a general pattern: Very often IME, when racism is mentioned, people express skepticism in the same manner. The manner is an essential factor: It implies (and the GGP sentence says almost explicitly), 'these people can be ignored; I won't give them the time of day'. The power imbalance, that the vulnerable can be ignored, is at the core of racism; it allows racism to continue and be perpetuated; it puts the vulnerable under constant threat. Whether intended or not, I think the sentence repeats and reinforces that. To dramatize it, imagine a city council hearing: Someone says they are the victim of ongoing violence and threats from their neighbors, and gives a reasoned, factual account. The city council member doesn't ask detailed questions and explore the issue and possible solutions, they say, 'something something threats - how boring and trite'. It's a clear message that nobody need care and the attacks can continue. I understand your point now. I didn't realize that your last sentence referred to human-managed 'wilderness'. Anyway, what is your solution? Starvation doesn't seem like an option. What solution do you recommend? Thanks for a reasonable discussion - about racism! on the Internet! I'm not sure the interpretation of one sentence bears more examination (as I imagine you might agree). I think we would agree that there are various reasonable interpretations, which may be more or less apparent to different people, and that of course a comment on HN isn't scripture or a $100 million contract where every nuance is carefully authored and then reviewed by the counter-party; it's something written and read in a minute at most. Beyond what I said, I think another instinct of mine is that people often find something to criticize, changing the subject, rather than addressing the racism. For example, person X asserts something about racism, and the response is 'X has two illegitimate kids and said something mean to their neighbor!' But that is too broad a pattern to say it describes this one specific comment. ... Any Athens metal recommendations? The most creative, eccentric, Athens-in-particular-and-ignore-every-other-tradition musician? For example, > The times don't change all that much. The implication, in my mind, is that there's nothing we can change; it takes away all agency to improve our world. >>> 1900 was an age of decadence, 1920 was an age of decadence, 1940 was an age of horrors so horrific Europe basically collapsed. 1960s were extremely decadent but it was a bit more broad-based. The 1980s were decadent (I recommend Wolfe's The Bonfire of the Vanities). 2000 was maybe unusually sedate? Probably it was decadent and I didn't notice. 2020 is decadent and I am not surprised. >>> The times don't change all that much. That doesn't sound philosophically or factually rigorous, nor particularly true in many ways, nor like something that reflects any razor-like precision. I completely agree that the infrastructure needs to be secured, and that it requires a lot of funding. I'm saying the military is the wrong organization for domestic operations. What happens when the military believes an attack is coming from a private citizen? Can they spy on or take action against that person? Can that alleged attacker's computer be seized? On what evidence? What if the military determines that effective security means surveilling a wide area before an attack, or collecting all citizen data to have a source to search for clues in case of an attack? What if they determine, which some already agree, that the best defense is a good offense? I'm of a mind that the security should be a regulation, and the infrastructure operators have to meet it. The NIST can develop standards and techniques, but the safety of infrastructure is part of the cost of doing business. Your plant can't be a menace to the community due to risk of explosion, pollution, etc. - it seems no different. The operators have gotten away with buying cheap, crappy IT for years. It's time to invest seriously in rigorous, quality engineering. > Not sure I would describe a power transfer from individuals to the state as a cause for optimisim, but hey, this is The Economist. The Economist has been possibly the leading voice for free market capitalism since the mid-19th century. If it has any mission, that's it. > the whole "can it be trusted" mainly revolves around political or otherwise controversial topics IME it's a question for any Wikipedia page. I remember a mathematics professor reviewing a page in their field, saying it omitted key topics and gave prominence, as major figures, to people the reviewer hadn't heard of. Also, I've experienced that any minor topic can be controversial or political to someone. For a page I'm almost certain you've never heard of, I saw someone create an article in a newsy blog that that supported their made-up claim and cite it in Wikipedia, then cite Wikipedia in the article, and then give interviews to other websites saying the same thing, creating a web if citations. Even after I tracked it down and fixed it - a lot of work to do for free for a low-traffic Wikipedia page - they waited a month and started again. I ran out of time (and trust). Maybe it's 5%? 20%? Who can say? Also, things are often just plain wrong, through commission and omission, and not biased. > General rule of thumb is the deeper and more topical you go on wikipedia, the more alert your BS detector needs to be. My perception is that the more popular and controversial topics are more likely to attract editors, but also BS. The Mohammad Ali page may attract plenty of BS, intentional or unwitting (lots of people have ideas about Ali); the page on the 1928 Olympic boxing champion probably doesn't attract much of either. > the more alert your BS detector needs to be Also, I think the "BS detector" is the most powerful mechanism for spreading mis- and disinformation. People who think they have one are the most prone to being fooled, and I think research shows that. Beyond obvious flaws, unless you already know the correct and complete information (omissions can be just as BS as outright errors), you won't be able to spot errors or omissions. Think of it this way: Using your BS detector, could you edit your own writing to fool someone else? I think I could easily pass most people's 'BS detectors'. Imagine what someone paid to write BS can do - or just look at the research about massive troll farms and disinformation campaigns. Finally, the fact is that BS spreads at a magnitude unimagined in human history. Evidently, the BS detectors aren't helping. And if you think you are smarter than everyone else, you are the most vulnerable (also demonstrated by research). > it's once of the best sources we have today. IMHO Encyclopedia Britannica is always better where it has coverage (i.e., because I can trust it), as is Google Scholar, authoritative websites by experts, and better journalism. If I want to know about the deer tick, I use a website such as Tree of Life (tolweb.org). They are available online, not just in print. In fact, I think they've stopped printing them ? Online: https://britannica.com I don't see it. People in WWII, today in Syria, etc. felt the same about their lives as people during peacetime? Personally, I perceive the current world as very different than a few years ago. How do you empirically measure results for your n=1 experiment, where you are experimenter, subject, and outcome? If I see comments providing diet advice with words like "undeniably", I lean toward downvoting them. > That gang ... Maybe it's another government, trying to sow chaos, disrupt markets, test US response capabilities, etc. > shouldn't simply using TOR make it nearly impossible for the US government to track them down? Not even close. Tor kinda secures one aspect of very many, but kinda doesn't. It attracts attention: Governments actively try to defeat Tor. And if they are looking for a criminal, they might look first at Tor users. In fact, they collect data on Tor use before a crime is committed. > 5) Hotel/Airport wifi. Remember that Tor only routes TCP. It's not a substitute for a VPN in many circumstances. > While I was busy learning the undergraduate physics curriculum, Voyager 1 was treading through the interstellar medium and revealing in stark detail how interstellar plasma and the solar wind collide and interact across a boundary layer called the heliopause, where they engage in a massive pressure-balancing act that shields our heliosphere from the great beyond. I thought Voyager 1 was out in interstellar space for awhile now, beyond the heliopause, heliosphere, etc. ? I'll also note, > Almost 11 years ago, Voyager 1 crossed an unprecedented boundary: it became the first human-made object to enter interstellar space. I was just a high-school student at the time, oblivious to the milestone ... That's no excuse! :) Now the public has more recommendations from another source, and it also will cause people to doubt the CDC's other advice. That doesn't reduce the complexity or confusion, it adds to it - like the old XKCD about adding another standard to existing standards. That will hurt people. Wearing a mask too often outdoors will not. It's really major news requiring a special article to say the number of outdoor transmissions may be overstated from 1% to 10%? So what? > C.D.C. officials have placed such a high priority on caution that many Americans are bewildered by the agency’s long list of recommendations. Zeynep Tufekci of the University of North Carolina, writing in The Atlantic, called those recommendations “simultaneously too timid and too complicated.” What basis is there for this claim? I find them straightforward, and I find the CDC website clear and well-designed. I just wear a mask when I'll be near other people, and I avoid being near them. Ranting at an easy target, a government institution, is commonplace, senseless entertainment. It's often harmless - but not in this case. > low social needs People with mental health issues have greater social needs. A desire to be isolated doesn't equate with low social needs. For example, depressed people may want to be alone, but require more effort and energy. Do you mean during the pandemic? Otherwise, how big is this population? > So people will meet inside rather than outside, not realising what a huge difference it makes, thus increasing infection. I don't see that. The CDC used the number 10%; that doesn't convey that outside is dangerous and you should seek cover. Where I live, which has a large African-American population, construction workers that I see are overwhelmingly white and many of the unions are notoriously racist (and I don't know about the others). Just notice the people working those jobs around you. How much is that racism costing the US economically? Of course it costs the targets of racism the most: I don't have high-speed rail; they don't have jobs, health care, etc. I would need more credible evidence. For example, > https://privacy-watchdog.io/truth-about-protonmail/ Skimming through it, it displays a lot of ignorance which undermines its credibility for me, and the credibility of the other evidence. As examples, these statements seem to lack understanding of the technology: > Protonmail even has an SSL cert for that onion address even though it’s completely unnecessary. > Leaked documents at Wikileaks show that the CIA requires emails to be stored as an EML filetype. There are several ways to store emails, and Protonmail has selected the format that the CIA requires. > Subject and metadata encryption are not difficult to provide. Email can't be secured for many reasons; use a modern, secure messaging app for that, such as Signal. Regarding encryption in particular: Encrypting email metadata prevents emails from being delivered and processed. Metadata is as valuable as the content of the email. Encrypting emails at rest prevents server-side services from operating, such as webmail. I'm surprised she has anything valuable on Apple (or Google) services. She clearly has the technical expertise to operate her own. > People routinely do end to end encryption with email every day using either OpenPGP or S/MIME. Those solutions encrypt only the content and not the headers, which are just as important. Also, encrypting the content prevents some webmail services from functioning, such as search. Email can't really be made secure. What is this based on? How do you know their capabilities? Per published reports, they (and others) have exploits for many things, including many cryptography implementations. > The supermarket is there to SELL... They don't give a rats ass ... Which supermarket are you talking about? And how do you know what they think? I think we are applying economic theory, in which there arguably shouldn't be prejudice, to reality, where there is lots of prejudice: Businesses have a long history of giving rats asses and much more about who their clientele is, demographically, ethnically, racially, socially, etc., and IME and in many public examples, many still do. I've seen discrimination, subtle and overt, against people who are young, old, rich, poor, black, brown, fashionable or not, speaking a different language, etc. etc. etc. > Unfortunately your technology will likely fail, because: To Whom It May Concern: If human beings took advice like yours, we'd be living in caves. And no doubt the first person who proposed living in a cave heard the same. You are free to say what you like, of course, but try to stay out of the way of the people working. :) How is something like this found on Hacker News , hosted by Y Combinator in SV ? When I said 'what supermarket are you talking about', I meant that the GGP was describing someone's thinking - what is their name? Humans are individuals with their own thoughts. Attributing thinking to a large mass of people doesn't make sense, in my way of thinking. > Yeah, I can't recall ever drafting and saving/keeping a resignation letter from a job (volunteer or otherwise) that I didn't intend to leave... Writing letters that you don't send is an effective, practical, recommended way to manage anger and other emotions. It's even better than posting angry rants on the Internet. :) This is bad advice, which could be dangerous for some. Look around for what actual security experts recommend: It's not email, and it's specifically to not use email. It's not a debate; it's universal afaik. (see my response to the other comment, above; thanks) It is true if you aren't fully vaccinated. > NASA exploration budgets are so constrained now Why are they so constrained and by whom? > It's an incredibly bold lie to just take a famous product, claim you invented it, and then go public with speeches and books about your success as an inventor. Don't you think such lies are commonplace these days, unfortunately? This one seems run of the mill to me. Because it's not an inflammatory topic, it might be a useful case to examine and learn how lies like that function. > It's utterly wild how there are people in the comments saying "maybe slave labor is actually good for the slaves." > I don't even necessarily disagree with that possibility - sure, work provides meaning in life, it's better than sitting in a cage. If it's better, then why don't they let the people decide for themselves whether they want to work for free? My guess is that they wouldn't get many takers. Also, exploiting people by giving them a choice between slave labor an worse options doesn't count. Fundamentally, who are some HN commenters to decide for others what's 'good' for them? The 'maybe slavery is a good idea' stance is one I've seen around Internet forums, a trendy pseudo-intellectual provocation that is transparently absurd. Those who are serious are encouraged to volunteer first for slavery and show us how good it is, or for something much less onerous - free hard labor. It strikes me that people value their freedom and self-determination, not to mention their energy and time, and nobody is a slave voluntarily. > Back in the before times, taxi drivers knew how to navigate a city just by memory. Give them an address and they'd probably know how to find it. In what city? London cab drivers famously were (are?) required to pass a memorization test, but in American cities I've had many cab drivers who didn't know their way around. They've been generally better than Lyft/Uber drivers. > In the major urban areas I've lived, every cab drive would start with "take this street to that street" or "head towards major landmark." > Even in cities with decent grids you couldn't trust a cabbie to take the fastest route. I heard these stories and would direct cabs the same way, until I realized that the cab drivers were right and I was wrong, and that the depictions of them as shady thieves who would purposely take you out of your way, or were horribly incompetent, were urban myths. And I was being disrespectful to the drivers, to presume that and treat them that way. I don't treat other service industry people that way. And if you think about it, cab drives make more from a flag drop than a longer trip - as one cab driver said, 'people say these things to me - do you know how much I make for an extra few blocks? 50 cents? And what is my take of that?' I learned to trust and respect the cab driver, who after all were human beings, and drove around all day long, and like most people was honest and considerate. > I, along with a friend, developed one of the first real-time multiplayer games called Blingster Battle, which was on top of Verizon's charts for a brief period of time! Truly groundbreaking stuff at that time.. Impressive - how did you manage to run real-time multiplayer on that technology? > These days it's the studios themselves that get most of the credit. It certainly serves the studios' interests to reduce their talents' market power. If customers recognized individual devs and wanted games made by them, those devs could demand more money and more influence. > Back in those days, net neutrality wasn't a legal right yet (at least here in the Netherlands) ... You must live in the future! Also, in our current system the people with actual power are not at all anonymous. I can name all the elected officials. There are some people with influence whom I don't know, but the power is ultimately in the hands of voters and elected representatives. One way you can tell: Many people will spend billions trying to influence those two groups. > as long as people are involved it is impossible to not have a government, in one form or another. That's essential: The power is conserved; the question is, who controls it. Every time someone talks about smaller government, they really are talking about shifting the power elsewhere - to whom? It's not necessarily bad, but shifting power from democratic government, however flawed, to a powerful elite, who are more flawed and have no accountability to everyone else, is not a good deal IMHO. > The ultimate irony, though, is that even with proof-of-stake, the entire crypto-economy becomes owned by a bunch of pseudo-anonymous elites. The end result is the exact same as our current system. This section seems to contradict the rest of the comment ? So? They say whatever they want. Also, they think anonymous unelected people running cryptocurrencies will somehow be more transparent? It might make customers less safe: If you delete the file, you reveal to the attackers what you know. The attackers may move more quickly to exploit the seeds, and it may disrupt your investigation, on which your customers depend: The attackers may abandon that path and follow another one that you are unaware of. I would lose trust if I found out that they retained copies of my private cryptographic data. Isn't that shocking in a company as sophisticated as RSA? I don't understand the parent response: I'm sure you know that money, time, and talent are all constrained, and everyone, from a child with an allowance to the CEO of Google to the President of the U.S. has to choose priorities. All of economics is about allocating those resources. Even within NASA, they have to choose some project and reject many more. Yes. Otherwise, an e-mail to Twitter's attorneys would have sufficed. Could it be that people legitimately disagree with you, without being quislings or whatever? I think what has changed is the deligitimization of differing opinions and the dehumanization of people who hold them. That has become normalized - ok, even encouraged behavior - for a certain political grouping, which is indeed deadly to a democracy, where the foundation is respecting each other's opinions - i.e., we each get an equal vote. If you don't embrace that, then that is what has changed. Part of freedom is that others are free to do things you don't like and I don't like, including Facebook, Google, and Twitter. The owner of a business can forbid discussion of a topic, such as sports, and kick out or fire anyone who doesn't comply. Heck, they can kick out or fire people for (almost) any reason or without a reason at all. It's their business; they are free. Free speech is a restriction on the government's actions, not on a business's: Government is limited in restricting speech and similarly it is limited in restricting the behavior of private businesses (though not as limited as when restricting speech). Private organizations also have good reasons, IMHO, to restrict speech. If you were at a restaurant and insulting people at neighboring tables, the restaurant would be right to kick you out. If you were at a political discussion club and insisted on repeating disinformation, they would be right to kick you out. You would be hurting the experience and value for other members. But private organizations also restrict speech in ways I object to. How many police are required to deliver a letter? Why not mail it or email it? How about using attorneys? >> The ruling party released a fake document > It very well might be(not that I know about this), but how did Twitter figure this out? As far as I understand, there has been accusations from both sides without proof. The article answers your question: A prominent fact-checking organization examined the document. You can then question the fact-checking organization, and eventually nobody can say anything. Should government be the arbiter of truth? About it's own political candidates? > people of certain political leanings have seen multiple stories "fact-checked" by Facebook/Twitter/Google as false and suppressed turn out to be true or partially true months down the line. Nothing is perfect, but what are you referring to specifically? Can you provide some basis for saying it's true? That is not my understanding, but I'm always interested in learning more. Any basis for this? The origin is unknown, afaik. > I read through it and it says part of the document has been admitted to be true. I don't understand: You asked whether Twitter had any basis for marking it false. I said the basis was (at least in part) a major fact-checking organization. I'm not sure how the above is a response to that. Also, can you provide some basis to your claim? Every lie is partly true; someone who says things that are 'partly true' is a liar. >> Should government be the arbiter of truth? About it's own political candidates? > Elected governments shouldn't be, but isn't this why other arms of the government exist, like judiciary. I strongly disagree: In democracies the judiciary is not at all there to decide truth. It's there to apply the law, which at times involves finding facts of specific situations before it, and then only to a degree sufficient to apply the law. For example, the judiciary is not there to decide the facts of climate change. It is there to apply emissions laws, and to find the facts about what someone may be emitting to the degree needed to apply the law. In a democracy, it is up to citizens - you and I included - to decide what we believe. There is no authority or mechanism that will save you from that challenging duty. Democracy is a solution, in a sense, to the problem of there being no source of truth. It is governemnt of the people, by the people, for the people. I don't understand: The comment says "but", yet then seems to support my point in the GP: If NASA has a smaller budget, then their choices are even limited by available resources. > There is no real doubt that the contents found on Hunter Biden's laptop are authentic. Right now, there is a lot of doubt: All I have is some words typed by someone on the Internet. > https://www.cbsnews.com/news/hunter-biden-laptop-reports-int... That article barely discusses the laptop, and quotes Hunter Biden saying he didn't know if the proported laptop was even his. It says nothing about authenticity of the contents. > Neither are they “prominent”, nor do they “check facts”. What is that based on? > Someone has to be the arbiter of the truth. They do? That has never been the case, except in dictatorships where the ruler has claimed to be the arbiter, but few actually believe what they say is truth. >> In democracies the judiciary is not at all there to decide truth. It's there to apply the law > Yes, and in this case. It would have gone something like this, the side which thinks it has been wrongly represented files a libel lawsuit and then facts are checked and the case is argued in a transparent manner. Generally, the most important aspect of free speech is that you can say what you want about the government; there's no such thing as libeling it. Otherwise, libel is a means of the government restricting speech and harassing opponents - a means commonly used by dictators, including Modi. The idea of trusting the government to control political speech or be the artbiter of truth seems to ignore the obvious, well-established risks. Seriously? Delivering a legal notice to a major global corporation? This isn't notice delivered to an abusive spouse or drug dealer. How is Fuschia licensed? I'm suprised to find people surprised at the development of a new OS. Linux is around 30 years old; Unix and C are around 50 years old . Eventually the parameters of the world and of user needs shift far enough from the original design that it's less expensive to develop something new than to adapt the old thing. Sometimes it's impossible to adapt the old thing: for practical purposes, no amount of work will make C secure. EDIT: Apparently Fuschia uses C and C++, and uses them exclusively in the kernel (if I understand correctly), and Rust and Dart are permitted for some uses, if this document is up-to-date: https://fuchsia.googlesource.com/fuchsia/+/refs/heads/main/d... It's an impressive run, but the ground has shifted, slowly, under our feet, and now Unix/Linux are no longer a good fit. Let's not be conservative; let's do what our smarter predecessors did and embrace change. Fuschia is free and open source, per other comments in this thread. If that's true, let's be very thankful that the successor to Unix, if that's what Fuschia becomes, is FOSS. If Google put a proprietary OS on its phones, etc., even if they didn't charge for it, they'd have a lot of market power and they'd be competing with a 50 year old OS. It could be a terrible blow to FOSS. > The cost of victory was very high, but it was a pretty unambiguous success for the Vietnamese. N. Vietnam won, but that doesn't make war a success. My rule of thumb is to disregard snarky know-it-all comments by random people on the Internet. I wish I could have two links: From a well-known publication of exiles, The Irrawaddy: Myanmar’s Long History of Revolutionary Poets https://www.irrawaddy.com/news/burma/myanmars-long-history-o... As I said, > N. Vietnam won, but that doesn't make war a success Wars are disasters. 500,000 - 1 million (?) people died, the country was physically destroyed. That's not a good outcome. Why are the police wearing forest-pattern camoflage? Do they need to seek cover in the woods from attackers? I'm not the first to point out the militarization of police, but the camo doesn't even seem practical. There's an appearance , maybe not intended or reflective of their reality, that there's a culture of playing at combat and embracing violence, and where the 'playing' takes precedence over the mission of peace, deescalation of violence, and public confidence in professionalism. The headline confuses me: If that large proportion were 'tightening their belts', economic activity would decline and there would be no inflation. An inflation headline would be, '83% of Americans are buying new cars/computers/homes/washer-dryers' or '83% of Americans have borrowed more than last year'. Inflation is an excess of economic activity - too much money for the available truly valuable investments. It's people buying cryptographic strings, hoping they will go up in value, and the values nominally going up because so many are buying it. I doubt 83% of Americans know what inflation is, much less know about the current debates around it or understand its effects. I question whether 83% could be reacting to reports of inflation. Inflation has been turned into a bad word, but the post-Great Recession era of near-nil inflation is the anomaly. Generally, through most of my life of reading economists, a low level of inflation (e.g, 2-3%) is considered the healthiest state. I think part of it is politicization: Whenever someone talks about government spending or stimulus, particularly around the Great Recession in 2008 and the Coronavirus pandemic, people who advocate for small government use inflation risk as an argument against it. My feeling is that has created two conditions: 1) the stopped clock is eventually right, and 2) they've built up inflation as so much of a demon that people are afraid of it. The direct effects of inflation are to help people with lots of fixed debt and inflationary income, because your debt of 100,000 is still 100,000 while your income inflates from e.g., 50,000 to 52,000. And it similarly hurts people with lots of fixed income or assets. The indirect effects are complicated, but again, a low level of inflation - higher than recent experience - has long been considered optimal. You talk about ways that the headline could be reconciled with inflation, but even if true, the headline certainly doesn't describe an inflationary situation. > inflation is an increase in consumer price levels That's a common and well-known symptom (because everyone can see it), but that doesn't define inflation. From Britannica: Inflation, in economics, collective increases in the supply of money, in money incomes, or in prices. I used the term 'investments' loosely, rather than spelling out all the possible things on which we can spend money. But actual investments, by the narrow definition, count: asset bubbles, or example, are a form of and sign of inflation (in that one market). Again, inflation is an excess of economic activity for the economic realities of the situation. > there wouldn’t be demand-pull inflation, but there still could be supply-push inflation If you mean 'cost-push' inflation, that is caused by increased production costs, which lower production and thus reduce supply and thus, unless demand also decreases, prices increase. If demand also decreases sufficiently, as the headline might suggest, then there's no inflation. Increased production costs aren't the concern behind the inflationary effects of various stimulus measures, which should reduce costs of production (including via cheap debt). The response and cause are inputs in the same system. An economy of belt-tightening is not inflationary. > silly Enough said. > The best solution here is to completely disconnect from social media I've thought about that, but your reputation is being destroyed. You'll offer no defense? You'll let everyone who you value get that impression of you? You'll allow it to become permanent, public record for anyone who ever looks you up with a search engine? > I think the best solution here is to speak up on behalf of those who are unfairly attacked The reality is that there is no easy way forward, no simple answer: You don't know the truth any better than the mindless mob. If someone is accused of sexual assault or harassment, do you want to risk defending them, only to find out later that you guessed wrong? When the video comes out showing the crime, do you want your name permanently associated with trying to protect them? The witch hunt / lynching / mob attack is always the wrong act, regardless of what someone has done. Perhaps the best you can do is to point that out, but that is also difficult. People will not read the nuance and assume you are on the other side. And you only have so much social capital - when everyone blocks you after the first time you stand up, what do you do after that? > It is probably too late to save Computer Science Research. Why do you say that? Do you have any experience in the field? There's a 'hot' subculture in our society that says 'if you ain't cheating, you ain't trying', that refers to lies as 'hustle', that rewards and embraces deception as just agressiveness and boldness, as a norm for life and business and even a celebration of human nature - as if the worst elements of human nature define us any more than the best, as if we don't have that choice (at least, that's how I am trying to articulate it). It has predictable results. Where are we going to get reliable research, and anything else, if we can't trust each other. Trust is an incredible business tool - highly efficient when you can take risks, be vulnerable, and don't have worry about the other person. Trust is an incredible tool for personal relationships, for the same reasons, and because if you can't trust them and can't be vulnerable, you have a very limited relationship. We are in early days with little inflation. In the sequence of time T(1 .. N), what you describe applies only to T(1). For all time T(>1), the belt-tightening is an input. If 83% of Americans are doing it, inflation isn't an issue for T(>1), in which case it's a moot issue. > I'm not sure that you intended it this way, but this reads as very oblique (i.e., "wink and nudge"). Which subculture are you referring to, and what particular relationship do you think they have to research in Computer Science? I am referring to no particular subculture. Lots of people around me embrace it, including from all over the political spectrum (if that's what you are thinking). I think the broader society sets the norms for computer science, as with everything else. For example, when star athletes like Barry Bonds, or entire teams like the Houston Astros, or much of college sports, cheat with few reprocussions (and in the past, that wasn't the case - players were banned and school sports programs were basically shut down, etc.) that affects computer science research. Those aren't reasons to act dishonestly and abuse other people. In fact, those are reasons to do the opposite - if you find the world so terrible, do something to make it better. It's up to you and me. Nobody else is coming to save us. > Laws which are inconsistent with promoting the extension of human life can be ruled to be unjust. So outlawing theft, rape, fraud, kidnapping, false imprisonment, etc. - that's all unjust? George Washington, Ghandi, MLK, Churchill, Lincoln, Jobs, Torvalds, every religious figure, sports figures, artists, etc. ... they all are about "slick instant gratification, getting ahead, winning through cunning"? > If Elon were fully polite, conscientious, a 'good listener' I'm not sure Tesla would exist. I think that's a BS excuse for bad behavior. How would being polite and concientious harm Tesla? It's simply that he has power and has low standards for his behavior. I know plenty of successful people who do what Musk fails to do. > Doesn't this make the case that we should be building institutions and systems resistant to this type of cheating? Absolutely. I think people are intimidated, demoralized (de-moralized) and where once they believed anything was possible, any social problem could be solved (even those old as history, such as women's rights, human rights, etc.), now they've somehow drunk the wrong Kool Aid, some stuff distributed by Jim Jones. Time to get to work. We gotta start somewhere, and certainly the place to start isn't naysaying. What should we do? > If you are not part of the platform it can’t hurt you. I’m not on Twitter, Facebook, Instagram, any of these services, so the mobs can’t really get to me. They could be flaming me there right now and I’d have no idea and it wouldn’t bother me at all! Excising social media altogether pretty much removes this vector of harassment. What if the people you know are reading it, and it affects your friendships, your job, your business partners, your reptuation? > I already explained why this is wrong Oh sorry, I didn't realize you forbade me from expressing a different opinion. In case others wonder or worry, as I do, that few care about the issues in my parent comment, I'll take the unusual step of reporting that it has more upvotes than much of the front page - far more than I've ever seen. (I'm trying to respect the HN tradition/guideline of not talking about votes. I don't really care about Internet points; I think the implied interest in the issue is worthwhile and applicable in this case.) Is this Mozilla's first non-free (as in speech), non-open source product? > Since then, I’ve realised it’s been tried and is being tried an inordinate number of times and seems to usually fail for some reason or another. That describes the state of things before every innovation in history. > It's crazy watching the world turn into a dystopia and being powerless to stop it. We feel powerless - I feel it too at times - but we're not. Who would have thought the world could change this much? We can change it also for the better. The social world we envision is very deeply ingrained in humans, probably through evolution. We are social creatures, not sociopathic. I think a start is standing up for our human values (honesty, respect, fairness, justice, compassion, humanitarianism, reason, knowledge, etc. etc.- doing the right thing). The Internet has been seen as a different place, an experimental place, where those values don't matter or don't apply - we could try something different; it has been like a virutal game world where we can act out being someone different. The experiment is over. It turns out the values do matter (of course, there's reasons they survive human history) - and they matter more than in the physical world, due to the power of communication on the Internet. It's time to stop accepting what we wouldn't accept at a dinner table or in a professional social situation (or choose your analogy). The Internet is part of IRL, no different than a restaurant. HN, for example, has much improved; I hope it will go further and adopt that concept. Remember the impact on the victim beyond physical safety, both their reputation and the emotional cost. I hope they sue the f** out of Frame and Citizen. In case people are missing the broader point of the article, beyond the horrifying incident at the beginning: "The whole idea behind Protect is that you could convince people to pay for the product once you’ve gotten them to the highest point of anxiety you can possibly get them to," one former employee said, referring to Citizen's subscription service. "Citizen can’t make money unless it makes its users believe there are constant, urgent threats around them at all times," ... Citizen incentivizes both its employees and the public to create incidents because they are the core currency of the app and what drives user engagement, user retention, and a sense of reliance on the app itself. ... "It’s basically an anxiety sweatshop," a Citizen source said. "On days when things are 'slow,' they relax the standards around incidents because a dip in incident count is really bad," they added. The company sends congratulatory emails announcing which analysts reported the highest number of incidents, another source added. ... A former employee added, "They don’t much care about the accuracy or the usefulness of the information they put out, they just want to push as many notifications to create that feeling of vulnerability that leads people to the subscription services." The article says the primary reason people exited is that the memo was seen as shutting down unionization activity. > these are unfalsifiable standards that self-proclaimed far left extremists have created to invalidate everyone's thoughts but their own How do statements like this fit HN's guidelines? Please don't use Hacker News for political or ideological battle. It tramples curiosity. Eschew flamebait. Avoid unrelated controversies and generic tangents. Please don't post shallow dismissals, especially of other people's work. A good critical comment teaches us something. Be kind. Don't be snarky. Have curious conversation; don't cross-examine. Please don't fulminate. Please don't sneer, including at the rest of the community. Comments should get more thoughtful and substantive, not less, as a topic gets more divisive. EDIT: Perhaps the thing to do is to write to the mods at hn@ycombinator.com. >> However, several current and former employees told TechCrunch that they believe Medium’s mass exodus is tied more to Williams’ manifesto, dubbed “the culture memo,” I don't understand what that quote represents to you. Do you think the word "culture" necessarily refers to the 'culture war' kind? The word describes many other things, and corporate culture is a long-standing, well-known management concern. > A perspective. > You chose one of several from the article. The effect on union activity seems to me to be by far the predominant reason presented. > in the US, finance ministers don't have the power to agree to treaties The U.S. Secretary of the Treasury speaks for the President; it's a fundamental dynamic of organizations. Otherwise, effectively Yellen wouldn't be Treasury Secretary - Yellen would be powerless and meaningless - and would resign or be fired. Only Trump seemed to ignore this and undermine the people under him. Also, I expect that the Treasury Secretary has great legal authority to make binding decisions for the U.S. government; remember that the American people decided the cabinet members would be separately confirmed by Congress (i.e., the Senate), per the Constitution. Similarly, if the CFO of Apple makes an agreement, the counter-party assumes they speak for CEO Tim Cook. Otherwise, why talk to this person? > Treaties in the US require a super-majority (two thirds) vote in the Senate. Most international agreements are not treaties. The people of the U.S. delegate the power to conduct foreign affairs almost exclusively to the President, again in the Constitution. Only certain actions, such as treaties, require Congressional approval. > You're referring to the process of finalizing a treaty. That would be conceptually similar to "executing" an agreement between parties It's not even that. Most international agreements are executed without a treaty. > this is merely an agreement in principle and has no force whatsoever You mean that it's unenforceable in a court, but that doesn't mean at all that it lacks force: Court enforcement isn't the the only force. If your boss, client, spouse, etc. pressures you to do something, it can't be enforced in a court, but it can have great force. We all are subject to great social pressure in our behavior, conduct, life choices, etc. - we all generally speak the same language, dress the same, follow the same life and career paths, avoid socially unacceptable things (even those that are unfairly discriminated against), etc. HN mods have great influence here, even though they have no means of court enforcement (in any practical sense). International relations in particular has no law, in the sense of a court that can make enforceable decisions. In a sovereign legal sense, it's anarchy. There is no international sovereign government (the UN is a conference of sovereign governments). But obviously a great deal is done which has real force. It's actually very interesting to see the creative ways in which 'international law' (again, not the same as a sovereign government's law) is crafted, given that very significant constraint, in order to give it force and effectiveness. Note that the G7 is exceptionally influential despite having no legal power - why do you think these very powerful, busy people are spending their time there? The President controls the Executive Branch of the U.S. government. Their decisions have great legal force. Politically, those decisions mostly carry forward to future presidents. There is far more to U.S. government than the Constitution, which is only a framework. There are an enormous body of law, court precedents, institutional customs, federalized government, and of course public opinion. Among that body of law are existing tax rates, which are currently over 15% for corporations. Under the Constitution, the President must agree to changes in tax rates unless their veto is overridden. You're right that Congress theoretically could violate the agreement, but in practice, it's almost irrelevant. They could theoretically pass a bill tomorrow that eliminates every tax and every law in the U.S. Could you provide something to backup your statement? As further examples of my point, beyond the laws, legal precedents, customs, and institutions mentioned above: None of the executive branch departments (State, Justice, Defense, Treasury, etc.) are mentioned in the Constitution. No federal court besides the Supreme Court is mentioned. Even specific laws are only loosely defined; for freedom of speech, no provision is made for slander, fraud, harassment, government secrets, etc.; for the right to bear arms, nothing defines what 'arms' are (and I don't suggest we try to define them here). The filibuster and other Congressional rules are not defined. Etc. Interesting. I would think a treaty requires all parties to it to think it's a treaty. Any idea where I can read a bit more about the fundamentals? But regardless, not every agreement is ... > legally-binding That term has a different, and as I understand, more nebulous meaning under international law? Much appreciated. I may try to read the Vienna Convention, at least. Out of curiosity, what makes you so interested? I'm interested, but I'm usually alone in that. > That’s fine as long as my job is willing to pay me in a constant amount of bitcoin and everything else I need to buy can be bought with bitcoin. It also requires the goods and services you buy to be traded in dollars. If stores buy food, gas, etc. wholesale in dollars, for example, and sells it to you for bitcoin, there's going to be a problem. Biden has now made it policy to protect journalists from certain means of investigation, but that can be reversed easily by the next president, by Biden if they want, and because the has no legal force, courts won't enforce it and it may be that the biggest risk taken by violators is to lose their job. Why isn't this made into a federal law? What constituency in Congress is opposed? > Exactly Zero Based on experience in Internet forums, I believe we either need to be in a 'curious state' or the conversation isn't worthwhile - in fact, it's a negative - and I think when someone says 'Exactly Zero ' of my comment has value, they aren't curious. dang describes a 'curious state' very well: https://hn.algolia.com/?dateRange=all&page=0&prefix=true&que... Who are they? What do they do? What will my money be used for? Being a 'non-profit' doesn't at all make them good actors. Someone's description of themselves isn't a reliable source. This creates strawpeople of ideal government and an ideal medical industry, and gives all power and trust to them. We need to find solutions within the realities of government and industry power and effectiveness. Also, there is no reason people can't make this decision for themselves. Who are you to tell me what I must do with my personal medical records? I may decide those risks are worthwhile. How is that happening? Under what program(s) or law(s) or regulation(s)? > The primary use of the data almost certainly will be what it's claimed to be What is that based on? It's plausible, but so are many things that turn out to be false (and which contradict each other). How do you know? > Teachers are employees, and freedom of speech has never been recognized in that context. In college, it certainly has and is recognized. Tenure, in particular, is at least partly designed to protect professors' ability to research and speak, free of censorship or influence. > major indoctrination efforts such as the 1619 project You may believe the 1619 Project is a "major indoctrination effort" and that it lacks "academic rigor", but that's not established fact at all. Many people think highly of it and of her work - including her potential UNC professional colleagues, who wanted her there in a tenured job at an excellent university. It does represent a point of view that disagrees with established ones, but that's almost the point of academic research: Find where established beliefs are flawed. Especially on sensitive topics, that may result in an angry reaction and division; that shouldn't stop people from publishing, and that's what tenure protects. Nothing about the conservative response to the 1619 Project seems distinguished from that kind of reaction, or from the reactionary response to most attempts to address racism. > Someone like her that teach students what to think instead of how should not get tenure, and does not meet the academic rigor to teach. What basis do you have for saying she teaches in that manner? All professors have their own research, their own point of view, and they teach it. If you've taken a liberal arts college class, you will recall that you are expected to be able to handle that and think critically about it. > Calls for academic freedom has been used to subvert university resources from academic pursuits to political activism. What distinguishes those things? Who decides? Just because it has happened at some time in some place, is that evidence that it's happening now? Should we eliminate all academic freedom? > This is made worse by the fact that they're partisan political. What if the greatest threat to free speech is a political party? Should the ACLU allow that threat to advance unopposed so that the ACLU can claim to be non-partisan? I happen to favor the old interpretation of free speech, but I think there's a strong argument that the traditional approach of defending all free speech facilitates a system where black people and others have been denied their rights for generations, and that we must act now to ensure their rights - that waiting any more is criminal. One idea is that the generational change is like all generational political changes: Unsatisfied with the world they've inherited, as they should be, the next generation wants revolution, not reform. They want to tear down the old system and build something new. They see the results of the old system and have little respect for its jaded, corrupt defenders. The older people decry it, saying that the revolution is throwing out the baby with the bathwater, that reform is the best approach. The new movement responds that reform hasn't worked. I think both sides have a point; the problem is winner-take-all outcomes for either side: Revolution does destroy, often more than it creates, and I think the principles of free speech must be preserved. But if you are satisfied with the old system, you are living a privileged life under a rock: Tens of millions or more in the U.S. alone are denied their rights, denied life, liberty, and the pursuit of happiness. The old system has not delivered on its promises; reform has not delivered. And the new movement is right that older people are corrupt and jaded: I've seen myself that many of my peers, people who used to be honest and open, have aged to fit that description; it's worse than the younger people think. > The ACLU exists to defend civil rights regardless of how those rights might be used. They do not (or at least did not previously) exist in order to further a political agenda. Again, what if a party or politician is a significant threat to civil rights, and necessary to the defense of those rights is the defeat of that party? I think the ACLU would be abandoning its duties if they stood helpless on principle. Probably they should make clear their reasoning. > Your freedoms should _never_ be contingent on the expression (or lack thereof) of a particular political ideology. I'm not sure how that is relevant to the question. Also, there are exceptions to everything, including free speech and political ideologies. First, anything can be called a 'political ideology'; those words are not a shield. Second, if your political ideology is to seize power and end civil rights, you don't have unlimited right to promote it (especially if you are a threat to succeed); my tolerance for your rights doesn't extend to you taking away my rights. Very open minded. The GP post describes it. > political views I'm not talking about political views, but the civil rights of minorities. Calling civil rights 'political views' is an old, simple tactic of denying people's rights. > It's not unambiguously true that freedom-of-speech itself is substantially responsible for anyone's loss of other rights. It is unambiguously true that speech has caused it. Speech is the source of almost all political activity - guns rarely play a role. > We should absolutely act now to ensure their right, including their free speech rights both now and into the future. Nice to hear, but how do you plan to do it? The rest of your comment ignores the problem, which is what has happened for generations. Sure, I agree, but what are you going to do about the civil rights of minorities? The current system isn't working. The problem is that people focus only on free-speech-for-all and ignore the enormous elephant in the room. > No. Such considerations are out of scope when defending against infringement of civil liberties. That merely ignores the problem: It's (arguably) necessary for defending civil liberties. The old formulation now fails to defend civil liberties (and arguably always has, for minorities). > the goal the 1619 Project is not, and never was, to improve our historical understanding. Rather, its goal was always to perpetrate a critical historiography that muddles and besmirches it (i.e. problematize). Can you support that assertion? I got the sense of your position before; my question is, what makes it true? > wonder how I can avoid that and brain plasticity excuses I've worked on this question personally. I decided that the obvious first step to gaining the mental flexibility of youth, is to mimic youth: * Explore: When we're young, we constantly try new things, even when there isn't an apparent ROI. We try new arts, new experiences, new ideas, new hobbies, etc. We are not afraid to ignore the established way and invest in something new - often for the novelty (or rebellion) of it. We give the new things time; we play. We are curious, not critical - we wonder why and explore the idea instead of criticizing it and shutting it down. When we are old, we often stick to what we know well and criticize the rest. * Push yourself: In school or as a junior employee, you can't say 'I've always done it this way' or 'I'm not interested in learning something new'. You have to learn and adapt. When we're old, power corrupts - most people make those excuses and they are generally accepted. Nobody else will push you, as a rule. There are limits in life; I don't have as much free time now as when I was young, but that's not a deal-breaker (and I use time much more efficiently now, including by prioritizing and by knowing myself much better). Also, I don't 'play' like a 6 year old or even a 25 year old; I do it my way. I also saw it as an interesting experiment: How much of mental changes were due to changes in practice and how much due to biology. I can't provide empirical data but especially Exploration seems to have changed my life, not only mentally but significantly, emotionally: I'm much more optimistic, less jaded, and more emotionally connected than I was. Life is invigorating. A warning though: I'm challenging some norms of age and therefore peers don't grasp and sometimes reject me. I wish I could get through to them. I get the idea; what I'm asking is, can you support these claims? More claims are not support for prior claims. > The most obvious way to undermine the 1619 Project in specific, then, is not to argue about matters of historical fact ... Well that is a convenient formulation for someone who disagrees and has no facts. As I said in response elsewhere, these claims really need some support or they are just bytes on the Internet. What is the Private Relay? The "private relay" feature first sends web traffic to a server maintained by Apple, where it is stripped of a piece of information called an IP address. From there, Apple sends the traffic to a second server maintained by a third-party operator who assigns the user a temporary IP address and sends the traffic onward to its destination website. The use of an outside party in the second hop of the relay system is intentional, Apple said, to prevent even Apple from knowing both the user's identity and what website the user is visiting. Very interesting. But what stops Apple from looking at the packet from the user device and seeing the destination address? > IPs are encrypted/anonymized/grouped together before sending to Apple. According to the article, The "private relay" feature first sends web traffic to a server maintained by Apple ... Where is it aggregated with other people's traffic? Doesn't Apple have access to sender and destination addresses at that point? > Now that explicit racism is no longer the norm It remains the norm in many places IME, including on the Internet and in many private conversations with white people. Which returns us to the problem: What do we do about the other civil rights of minorities? People keep focusing on free speech for the majority and never address the far more serious problem. Perhaps we're talking past each other: As an example, you talk about people's motives; what evidence do you have of these motives? What evidence do you have for your claims that it is 'critical race theory' and for your characterizations of it? At this point, the claims above are only words from a random person on the Internet. If we want to talk about truth and criticism, such claims are notoriously very weak. IME, the focus by some political groups on 'critical race theory' is the same old rhetorical tactic of attacking the messenger and changing the subject from the issue: In this case, the issue issue is racism in America's founding. You openly say you won't address the evidence, which seems to match that pattern. Thank you! Now I'm trying to remember why Tor uses three hops instead of two. Perhaps it's intended to prevent the exit node from knowing the first hop, preventing attackers from associating traffic on the two nodes. I wonder what Apple does to prevent that. If Apple chooses to invest resources in it, I expect Apple's Private Relay servers are much more secure than Tor servers. I hope Apple allows non-Apple users to utilize Private Relay. The title is definitely trolling and should be changed. (The article also looks that way to me, but there's no HN rule against it.) Here's ProPublica's article, which I think would is much more informative and interesting, and includes a lot of research: https://www.propublica.org/article/the-secret-irs-files-trov... And here's the NY Times coverage of it: https://www.nytimes.com/2021/06/08/us/politics/income-taxes-... I agree. Trolling / inflammatory language in titles should be changed, per the guidelines (and I think it's a good idea). The whole thing is yet another Internet rant. Does anyone know who the author, "Jeremy Arnold" is, and what the "Save Journalism Committee" is and who backs them? Their about page doesn't say who they are: https://savingjournalism.substack.com/p/what-this-newsletter... Also, why should I or do you trust them over ProPublica? These ranting-style articles are written as if the author possesses the Truth , but analogous to the XKCD about technical standards, all we have is one more point of view. To me, at this point in Internet history, the ranting, ridiculing style is a strong negative signal. Also, criticism of Silicon Valley billionaires seems to draw responses that try to discredit the news media. (I always wonder: Where then do they get news?) [Edited slightly for politeness.] > It raises many valid points against Propublica's article which was more misleading than this piece or its title. That's your assertion, not a fact. It's a bit circular to use your assertion to support the idea that this is a quality article. Thanks for the quote. My original point about 'trolling' should have said 'linkbait'. > Propublica's framing is still wrong. Could you expand on that? I don't see anything hostile or manipulative, but apologies if it seems that way. > I'm not ignoring the many problems marginalised groups face, I am simply addressing the current topic of conversation, That is an example of my point and (in my understanding) the point of the new 'movement' in the ACLU: Free speech is always the topic, and has been for generations, and the other civil rights of marginalized people are never the topic - or not enough to motivate anyone to solve the problems. A sort of dramatic hypothesis: Free speech affects the people who sit at the table, so that's what they see and what they care about. The marginalized get table scraps. I actually support the ACLU's 'old' stance on free speech, but that's not the topic of conversation IMHO. > As soon as you make civil rights selective and for only certain people ... We agree (without getting into the weeds of the wording). My point is that the civil rights of marginalized people have long been highly 'selective'. The outrage when some rights of the majority are threatened is ironic, or something. The majority usually doesn't need much help; look around, at successful people in almost every domain: white guys have tons of freedom, voice, opportunity, prosperity, safety, etc. Turn on the news and see who does the talking. I think concern for their rights is often (without talking about you in particular - I don't know you) cover for protecting their political and social power, protecting the established discriminatory system. Civil rights are there for the vulnerable, who don't have power. 'Democracy must be more than two wolves and a sheep voting on dinner.' People in the majority have rights, absolutely, but that's not a problem and it's a distraction from the serious issues. My point is that when the general gives the order for the war crime and the soldier carries it out, it's the general who is by far the most responsible, even though all they did was speak. The heads of any organization, from a country to a company to a coven - all they do is talk, but they have the most power and are most responsible. The speech is the most significant, powerful part, not the action (with exceptions). For some crimes, no action is necessary beyond speech. (I assume you know that speech can certainly be criminal or tortious: Fraud, slander, incitement, harassment, conspiracy, accessory, violating official secrecy, etc. But I don't think that's the issue here.) Welcome! Thanks for dropping in. Sorry to grill you when we just met, but what is your background, if you are willing to share publicly (I understand if not)? I just like to know who I am reading, especially on the Internets! > constant buying and starting of new projects (Pocket, Firefox OS) Constant? Aren't those both ten years old or more? No organization can create successful projects by fiat; there's necessarily a lot of failure to find one success. If they ain't failin' they ain't tryin'. > Source: Journalist. fyi: The commenter says below, in a dead comment, "The best part is that I made up that I’m a journalist just to screw with you .... I’m a product manager at a FAANG, dude, and I screw around on this forum for fun." Thanks for such a frank response. > building a news org with better incentives and more accountability Interesting. How do you envision changing incentives and accountability? > I came to realize that they have the privilege of just never having to engage with criticism no matter how rendered. I think the journalists and news publications receive and address enormous amounts of criticism. I see it all the time. Realistically, they can't address all of it, and yes it's very annoying to be ignored. (But if they wrote about me in particular, got it wrong, and ignored my response, that would be especially infuriating.) > I wrote about Elon Musk and the Thai cave rescue in 2018 I notice the OP article effectively, if not explicitly, sides with Musk (and others) against ProPublica. Is there a connection? > I mean saying that my headline was incendiary is fair. That's just not synonymous with trolling imo? I'm the one who originally used 'trolling' above. The definition of 'trolling' is an interesting question: It's a new meaning for that word (relative to most meanings for most words), it's a loaded word, and an important one. Maybe I should have used a more precise word. Whether it's 'trolling' or 'incendiary' or 'inflammatory' or 'link bait' or etc. - even if unintentionally - the result is the same. That's out of bounds for HN titles. If you want a sense of HN's approach, see these comments by moderator dang: https://hn.algolia.com/?dateRange=all&page=0&prefix=true&que... > the key word is struggle, not just speech or the curtailment of wrong speech Sure, but speech plays an enormous role, the largest role IMHO. > taking action against the racist systems and people in power that really impact their rights What is normalized among the public greatly determines, IMHO, the systems and powerful people. From another perspective: If we just changed the rules and the public didn't change, imagine what would happen. Also, note that people with political causes invest enormous resources in manipulating public opinion. That's a necessary point, but who really has the power? What is the chance that the investors will pull out, especially if they are making a profit? To me, the issue depends in large part on the context: What kind of area are you in? Rural? Urban? And what is the availability of housing and the economic diversity of the neighborhood? I don't think it's useful to try to determine if some loaded, politicized, pejorative term applies by definition. How did the investor in that empty lot make the community richer? > I have seen other countries where many have already all but ditched Facebook (often after having been bombarded with local BS), or just never let it become a significant factor in their lives in the first place. Which countries? Yet here we are on HN. I learned something from the article. > paying for corrections Bug bounties for news - great idea. Many eyes make bugs shallow, and news is more 'open source' than code in one respect: it's much more easily and broadly comprehensible. > We'll try to present stories almost in the form of Wikipedia, if each page were managed by a really engaging writer with a good grasp of the subject, who was being fed high-quality feedback. Yes! I've thought about that: News sites are still newspapers printed on the web: Articles are generally static. Beyond a few corrections and additions, they don't take advantage of the new medium. So a Wikipedia-style, continuously updated article would be great. Using the current static articles, if I want to learn about an issue I have to track down and read lots of articles which contain much redundant content. Wikipedia is not reliable. Why isn't there an article from a reliable source with the current state of things? The one drawback is that readers need a way to learn what changed since their last visit - whether that was an hour ago, yesterday, or a month ago. I'm not re-reading the whole thing and trying to divine the differences. Diffs are too hard to read. A micro-blog of updates is my first approximation solution: Edit it to reconcile updates-of-updates and to prioritize them (a minor correction should be listed behind major new information). 'Here's what happened since you left: ...' > Their whole culture is "ship and move on" at a deep level. And that kinda-maybe made sense in the paper distro days. But it doesn't really serve the reader now compared to what a truly native digital solution could look like. I agree, and that's another element I would like to see added: A feedback loop with readers, like any blog would have. The NY Times has the potential to be the forum of real experts and leaders. Imagine an international relations article with comments from former ambassadors, people with direct experience of the immediate situation, even prominent leaders, along with high-quality public comments (higher than anything else on the web - serious comments only); add to that responses from the authors and editor, and appropriate updates to the story. That would be as valuable as the article itself, and the NYT would become the leading forum, arguably the only serious one, on the Internet. The NYT (and other publications) do themselves a great disservice by allowing comments that are beneath the quality of the article, diluting the content on their sites. If they provided a high-quality, serious discussion forum, experts and leaders may think it's worth their time to participate - and may feel compelled or be left out of the debate. > public editors I paid attention to the NY Times' public editors. IME and IIRC, they weren't practicing journalism, they were more like unempowered customer service: They would report information that fell into their laps, not seek and investigate it, and they accepted responses from NY Times' employees in the same way - 'the editor didn't respond', and that was it. I don't miss them. Maybe it's just too hard to do it politically within the organization. The news organizations do have plenty of outside critics; it's arguably redundant to have an internal one. > rich entrepreneurs Hmmm ... hardly victims. Arguably the most powerful people in the world right now. The trend of protecting the rights of the powerful is a bit bizarre to me. The people who need help aren't on Facebook's board. > There might be racism in society but that doesn't mean you get to lump all white people together as more powerful than all black people. There are plenty of powerful black people, and plenty of zero power white people. What you are doing is basically race based identification and judgement, aka racism. I agree factually in some respects, but I think that argument is a distraction. Obviously we must generalize somewhat; we can't write out every detail, and no matter what level of detail we include, someone can point out more that we omit. We could list the status of every individual in the country, but then we would be omitting their histories. On the other hand, generalizing about race is something I think we should be very careful about. So yes, there are disempowered white people. There are disempowered disabled people and short people and immigrants and poor people, etc. There are disempowered rich white male in SV, for various reasons. But I strongly disagree in this respect: We are talking about power resulting from skin color (what a concept to write - it's just absurd, but it's true!), not from other things. And all white people are much more powerful than black people in that regard. White people can go anywhere, buy anything, get any job, walk down any street, rent an Airbnb, interact safely with police, all simply by power conveyed by their skin color. It even affects where you can go in cyberspace: Look at popular Tik Tok videos; from what I've seen (not a lot, but compilations on YouTube), 98% white, some Asian and Hispanic, I'd guess 0.1% black. Join a gaming forum and make it known that you are black, and see what happens (based on what I understand). To catalog everyone else who is disempowered is like talking about every other disease at a cancer conference. Again, What do we do about the other civil rights of minorities? . Notice how people talk about everything else. Once you notice this pattern, you will see it everywhere and see it going back generations, which is how the racist status quo continues (whether or not that's the intent of the people talking). > You can as well as me google ... I think the burden to support your claims is on you. Readers can't check the evidence for every comment. It's more efficient too - you already know your argument and what you've seen, and you do it once rather than every reader duplicating effort. Sorry, but with no evidence it's not meaningful to me - there is so much dis- and mis-information on the Internet that I think people are insane to trust it. Note that I did spend the time to ask you, because you seem to have thought it through. Nothing personal. > I never claimed I had to know what she felt. You did make claims about the project's motivations and about hers as a teacher (and maybe more - I don't remember). > Deconstructing her words and going down the endless rabbit hole of claiming a “it quacks like a duck and walks like duck, it has ducklings, although it’s not necessarily a duck” then that might work on someone else, but not on me. Maybe assume some good faith; nobody is trying to make something work on you. For the reasons I said above, I simply can't trust what I read on the Internet; I need evidence. Trusting people's claims on the Internet is a cliche for foolishness these days, and we know it does incredible harm in our world. I know you don't want to write a dissertation on HN, but maybe link to someone with credibility who already has. > I showed you ... Here's another way to think about evidence: All you showed me was your thinking; you didn't show me anything from the 1619 Project. Your points have intriguing points, but as written here, all they are now is points about you, not about the world. While preventing abuse of migrants and others is very important, note a key point: > CBP said Tuesday that through the partnership, the agency will determine if a company or individual is involved in smuggling operations, after which NICB will tell its member companies that the corporation or person should be suspended or barred from receiving insurance. No trial, no conviction, just a amssive penalty. When the Wall Street Bets traders create a bubble on stock, it would seem to benefit existing stock owners and possibly the company itself. What stops one of those beneficiaries from intervening to create one of those bubbles? For example, Peter Thiel could gift cash or stocks to influencers in Wall Street Bets. I'm certain I'm not the first to think of it. When things such as stock prices become unmoored from reality, then it opens the door for other influences. Could anyone here address the credibility of the news source or the research? > QM and QC is not particularly hard to explain, but the explanation sounds as believable as something else that could be completely made up So lots of people will believe it and retweet it and talk knowingly about it on Reddit? > But how can we know that there's no classical shortcut - a conventional algorithm that would have similar scaling behavior to the quantum algorithm's? Though typically ignored in popular accounts, this question is central to quantum algorithms research, where often the difficulty is not so much proving that a quantum computer can do something quickly, but convincingly arguing that a classical computer can't. Why is this question so important? I can see how it's interesting, but if the quantum computer does the job faster than the known classical solution, why not use it? You wouldn't delay shipping your classical code until you could prove that nobody will ever find a better solution. > The goal in devising an algorithm for a quantum computer is to choreograph a pattern of constructive and destructive interference so that for each wrong answer the contributions to its amplitude cancel each other out, whereas for the right answer the contributions reinforce each other. If, and only if, you can arrange that, you'll see the right answer with a large probability when you look. Knowing little about QC, and based on reading that, it seems a qbit would be better called a qgate. It's not the store of data as much as the physical component that manipulates it, based on inputs. - Is that even approximately on target? Thanks. I'm familiar with administrative law. But IIRC that the no-fly list, which seem similar, did/does not involve any dispute process. Also, the Trump administration did a lot to undermine due process in administrative courts, at least for immigrants. > per the Wikipedia article > An AP “fact check” means nothing to me. You trust Wikipedia more than the AP? The AP isn't perfect, and if that's the standard, why even bother discussing this? From Aaronson's (the author's) blog: https://www.scottaaronson.com/blog/?p=5539 > Accompanying the Quanta piece is a 10-minute YouTube explainer [1] on quantum computing, which (besides snazzy graphics) features interviews with me, John Preskill, and Dorit Aharonov. [1] https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=jHoEjvuPoB8&t=6s I get all my quantum computing info from Aaronson. I'm grateful for his efforts, but I sure hope he knows what he's talking about! > That would be blatantly obvious and backfire. Why is that? Such things are done all the time on social media, at massive scales, by so many actors. It seems like wishful thinking to think 'my favorite forum is immune' or, the worst trap, 'I am immune'. Such thinking makes the thinker an even easier target for the con. But maybe that's not what you mean? > So a qubit is a bit that has a complex number called an amplitude attached to the possibility that it's 0, and a different amplitude attached to the possibility that it's 1. These amplitudes are closely related to probabilities, in that the further some outcome's amplitude is from zero, the larger the chance of seeing that outcome; more precisely, the probability equals the distance squared. Two questions, for anyone who knows these things: * Perhaps it's just not perfectly edited, but the above says the amplitudes are related to the probabilities that the qubit is 0 or 1. Shouldn't that say will be 0 or 1, because the qubit is currently in a superposition? That may seem like nitpicking over typos, but it's necessary to the next question: * Why have two amplitudes rather than one? The probabilities of either of two exclusive results, such as the two states of a resolved qubit, are P and 1-P. Given that amplitudes are directly proportional to those probabilities (in the last sentence of the above quote), how could the amplitudes change independently of each other? If the probability of one outcome increases, the other must proportionally decrease. And why not use one amplitude, because (it seems) if you know one amplitude you can easily determine the other? I suspect I'm misunderstanding something, perhaps that last sentence. > Rail can transport anything. Containers, tankers, even rocket booster segments. While I get the idea and oppose oil infrastructure made possible by the greenhouse gas subsidy (i.e., that the gasses are dumped on the public), rail can't efficiently transport electricity. It's not infrastructure for low-carbon or zero-carbon energy (with some possible future exceptions). > Let alone the cost of employing all the union railway workers, maintenance crews, technicians, etc Nitpicking to make a point: Employing people and paying them well is not just an expense; it has some enormous benefits. > Rail networks can be easily sabotaged, and therefore suck. > That's why the US for the most part uses trucks not trains. Do you mean, that's why the U.S. built infrastructure around interstate highways and not rail? Why did European countries and other places conclude differently? Is there anything you can recommend reading about it? The more scholarly the better. In a conversation with someone the other day, I said I tried to participate in my community without using Facebook and it was difficult. They laughed. > wasting resources on employing people for unnecessary tasks does not have enormous benefits Agreed, but that assumes perfect knowledge by business owners of what is most efficient. I think business owners often lean much too far toward seeing labor as a commodity and an expense, to be minimized. Another approach is to see humans as the most powerful parts of the organization, and to invest in and empower them. I'm speaking in the abstract; of course it's not always the case that more investment in labor is better. But there is a history of it: For example (and this is more a legend than something I have details on), back in the 1980s American auto companies had long treated workers as commodities. Toyota was far more successful by empowering them; famously, any worker could stop the assembly line. Could someone suggest the solution that is easiest for highly non-technical users? I'm talking about users for whom Netflix is too difficult and YouTube crosses that threshold if anything goes wrong. (And don't criticize the users, criticize your UI.) I don't care how proprietary it is or who runs it, as long as they can use it. I am arranging to have their CDs ripped (they don't use the CD player and saw me using my music library - which is just files in the file system and VLC - and liked the idea of hearing their long-unheard, beloved music) and need something they can actually use. Otherwise, they won't get to listen to their music. All they need to do is select a track and play it. No other UI needed; it will only confuse things. In fact, something that handles ripped music and new downloads and streaming would be optimal. Great points, this and the other comment. That's very cool. For my purposes, I'm less concerned with the server-side; I'm kinda hoping to put the music in the cloud somewhere and outsource server administration. In any case, these users are in no way going to be setting up server themselves. They don't know what "server" means and don't use the word in sentences. > What kind of devices do you have to support, what kind of network? What kind of media? Apple devices, including phones, tablet, laptop; as well as an old high-end stereo (I'll need some digital-to-analog adapter, but I assume those exist). Standard home WLAN, with wired connections available for devices that don't move. Media - whatever works, but I assume it will need to be on a server to be available to all those devices, and therefore I assume I will prefer it in the cloud so that I don't have to setup and manage the server. Ripped music will be in ALAC format, I expect, though possibly FLAC. They will also want to play newly downloaded tracks in whatever format provided, and stream music. > iTunes > Winamp How user-friendly are those? WinAmp I used long ago, and certainly it was too geek-oriented, and there was too much going in that GUI. Is there any research on people's preferences in this regard? > the Puerto Rican people, the Hawaiian people, the people of Okinawa They are like people in Xinjiang? I didn't know they were being tortured, sent to re-education camps, and forcibly sterilized (among many other things). You don't seem to care about people in Xinjiang? Don't you care that these widely reported abuses, from many different sources, have a strong possibility of being true? Why are Chinese government officials apparently so important to you that you don't seem to even consider the welfare of these people? You could do a lot for them, a lot for the world, by standing up for them. Is there evidence to support this, or is it just Internet speculation? For example, do we know what traits would favor someone in a jungle? Have you lived in a jungle or researched the question? Do we know how evolution works? One thing I believe I understand is that evolution takes far longer than people imagine. A few centuries is nothing. Humans have been in their current evolutionary form for around 200,000 years. Adaptations are not evolution, and our genetics change and adapt during our lifetimes. My children will not be genetically better at typing than the original homo sapiens. Think of that: You are not genetically smarter than humans of 200,000 years ago; someone then is just as able to be a scientist as you are. All of our advantages are from other factors. Another thing I've learned is that claims need evidence; that's what separates the wheat from the infinite chaff, the science from the witchcraft. The parent comment would require evidence to qualify for even a high school essay. > It's impossible ... ? That's our standard? Anything beyond the impossible? This is gonna be a wide-ranging discussion. Thanks! So many questions: Why two hops and not three, like Tor? Also, Tor routes only TCP; what does Apple Private Relay route? And how is it related to iCloud - is it just branding? Finally, why aren't people on HN raving about it? Based on a first impression, it's a fantasy come true - a major company is creating an anonymizing network for its users traffic! From a prior discussion: https://news.ycombinator.com/item?id=27433871 More details here. https://www.fastcompany.com/90643627/apple-privacy-wwdc-priv ... >This is where iCloud Private Relay comes in—and puts VPNs to shame. iCloud Private Relay uses a dual-hop architecture. When you navigate to a website through Safari, iCloud Private Relay takes your IP address, which it needs to connect you to the website you want to go to, and the URL of that site. But it encrypts the URL so not even Apple can see what website you are visiting. Your IP and encrypted destination URL then travels to an intermediary relay station run by a third-party trusted partner. Apple would not name these trusted partners, but says the company is working with some of the largest content providers out there. Before getting to this relay station, however, your IP address is anonymized and randomized, so the relay partner can’t identify you or your device. Then at the relay station, the destination URL is unencrypted, so the third-party provider can send you on to the website you want to go to. >Because of this dual-hop architecture, neither Apple nor the relay station knows both who you are and where you are going. Apple knows who you are (because you are using iCloud Private Relay), but it doesn’t know where you’re browsing. Its third-party partner knows where you are browsing–but not who you are. > Evolution is a continuum. There is no "current form", it is constantly changing with every new human that is born. It's an inspiring philosophical concept, but it's like saying 'the world changes with every breath you take'. > Your offspring will have different attributes than you. This is evolution. They have different attributes for many reasons that have nothing to do with evolution (and are not hereditary). And any real evolutionary changes are so small that they practically don't exist. > This is conjecture. You don't know that modern humans aren't "genetically smarter" than those from 200,000 years ago. It's not conjecture; it's based on evidence: I can't cite the exact science off the top of my head, but humans have been biologically the same for around 200,000 years. > Meanwhile, you provided zero evidence. You are the one making the claims; you need to provide the evidence. I'm not going around the Internet finding citations for everyone. > They're willing to ban Trump from the internet but not raise the minimum wage, abolish the drug war, really come after companies for their industrial scale damaging of ecology or cease trade relations with countries like China, Saudi Arabia, and Israel. I think 'they' is way too broad. Some companies banned Trump from their platforms. Those companies aren't particularly involved with the policies. > the thing they fear the most of all is armed and genuinely effective resistance I strongly doubt it. Such things are so rare and unlikely, not only in the U.S. but in democracies in general, that it's not too far off saying 'what they fear most is a giant meteor strike'. Well that would be a big problem, but not what is most feared. There hasn't been one in the U.S. since the Civil War, and that one came top-down, from the power structure. > As I remember those times, they didn't go after people for simply downloading music, they were going after the people who were actively distributing music on file sharing services. As I remember, at least some cases were complete BS. Some people hardly knew what file sharing was. > Instead of every historian writing their own magnum opus of a particular area and timespan, all the geographical information can be combined in a single system. Isn't that true of all historical data? It seemed so obvious to me that professional historians would share data that I asked several professional historians what the standard format was. Nobody had even considered it, as of ~10 years ago. Obviously you can't structure all historical information, but you can do a lot of it: Location & time, other things present at that spot in space-time (people, events, weather, diseases, governments, etc. etc.), and sources. And then some unstructured fields, including one for analysis. I'm sure that's misguided, as I'm not an historian, but it sure seems like much more value could be extracted from research if it was accumulated and shared, and not stuck in someone's personal storage, and that it would save a lot of duplication of effort. > The global tax essentially functions as a cartel, and there is no reason to believe it will be stable in the long run. Plenty of international agreements are stable in the long run. What makes this one different? The elected representative of the City of London, i.e., the UK's Chancellor of the Exchequer, made the agreement. > Why shouldn’t a country be selfish? Why shouldn't everyone be selfish? Because other people matter, and because if people work together and cooperate, which includes making some sacrifices, then everyone gets better results in the long run. > Isn’t that the point of a country: to promote the interests of the citizens of that country? That's one view (nationalism, if I'm using the term correctly), but certainly not the only one. There are higher purposes than one's personal interests. > I believe the military academies are all on similar honor systems, and I remember a few times of mass-cheating scandals, which have pretty heavy penalties, including expulsion in those environments. According to some faculty, the U.S. military academies (or some of them) have rampant cheating (and other corruption) and little penalty. Look up The Cost of Loyalty by Tim Bakken, for example. The best way to corrupt an institution is to idealize it. > Rights exist regardless of society, society merely limits them. Exactly. Universal human rights are in fact the basis of most modern government, international law, and more. Recall that someone once wrote, We hold these truths to be self-evident, that all men are created equal, that they are endowed by their Creator with certain unalienable Rights, that among these are Life, Liberty and the pursuit of Happiness.--That to secure these rights, Governments are instituted among Men ... Note that no higher power (beyond a "creator") endows these rights. Since that was written, that philosophy and government based on it has swept the world. Most people reading this comment live in a country that operates on that or a similar basis. The evidence of belief in it and its success are overwhelming - I always wonder why it's trendy these days to try to shoot it down. Isn't it good news (except for people who want to oppress others)? We must make these judgments and trade-offs all the time in society. We surrender freedoms regularly: You aren't free to drive on the wrong side of the road; you have to surrender personal info for a credit card, passport, plane/train/bus ticket; if you have another deadly, highly contagious disease, you can be quarantined. I don't love the tone, but the number of deaths is an indicator of cost when considering the trade-off. > article tells a totally different story which is funny and also unsettling how The Guardian can do so bad reporting Could you point out where you see problems? > regulators jobs isn't to protect everyone, but rather to make sure markets working an orderly fashion That's not true. As just two examples: The SEC's job is to protect investors. The Consumer Financial Protection Bureau's job is to make "banks, lenders, and other financial companies treat you fairly".[0] Some people may claim to prefer a libertarian marketplace, but that's not what the U.S. has decided upon. [0] https://www.consumerfinance.gov/ What is the author's thesis? I skimmed and read and re-read, but didn't figure it out. It's well known that elite universities are elitist in their admissions and have over-large endowments. And the elite universities have acted on it, and many of their new classes are very different. And it's well known that the rest of the U.S. educational system is underfunded. > Sen. Tom Cotton, of all political leaders, suggested taxing private colleges with large endowments, and redirecting funds to vocational training. It's not a surprise. Cotton and his party see Ivy League universities as institutions of the political opposition, whom they attack and want to punish and diminish. > We can say that people should not be selfish all the time. That will not change a simple fact: people ARE selfish. People are selfish and generous, angry and compassionate, courageous and scared. None of those things are more fundamental than the other. We are biologically the same as the saints and sinners, as the people who burned witches at the stake and the ones who risked their lives to save others. You can choose the best or worst angels of your nature; we each can. It's perverse to claim, against all evidence, that we are defined only by the worst in us. To take away our free will and choice. And for what? To provide an argument for a political movement? >> And the elite universities have acted on it, and many of their new classes are very different. > No less elitist though. The idea of a selective college is elitist. What does that mean? By that definition, everything selective is 'elitist', including my high school wrestling team. By non-elitist, we generally mean it's not biased in favor of the people who are already in society's elite. Some top colleges now admit much more economically and ethnically diverse students. I've seen the applications, and they've reduced processes that select for children of the elite (such as standardized tests). In other words, they aren't admitting the children of elite (or not as much) - I think that is meaningful. (I wish I could provide some citations, but I don't have time or anything at my fingertips.) > All the progressive talk is cant. Am I responding to nothing more than mindless anti-progressivism? > Tom Cotton... Harvard University BA , JD > You are right that it fits the public narrative & rhetoric, but many (perhaps most) of them went to elite schools. It is probably just posturing. Oh yeah; I didn't mean to say otherwise. Most of what they say is posturing, IMHO. > the liberal cry of student loan forgiveness What if we dropped the inflammatory political attack and just talked about loan forgiveness? Can an idea or anything else be depoliticized. And it does have some benefits, in addition to that drawback. I'm not sure about the extent or nature of it - many leading colleges reduce their prices to get the students in the door - has anyone studied it? Unforunately we have one person saying one thing and a second person saying another. Unless we buy into recency bias - whoever speaks second is somehow more correct - we don't really know. Do you happen to know any source for some or all of it? > Advertisers will demand not be shown alongside info which is 'inaccurate'. I find that unlikely: Facebook has an enormous amount of dis- and mis-information, and an enormous amount of advertising. Have you noticed that Facebook pages with inaccurate information lack advertising? In regard to immediate revenue, advertisers just don't want to be embarrassed. > Harvard[1], Yale[2], Princeton[3] Stanford[4] all have average family incomes above $160,000. That doesn't tell us if the economic diversity is increasing or decreasing. My understanding is that it is significantly increasing for (at least some) elite schools, but I don't have cites so ... > Selecting by standardized test scores would result in a substantially less socially elite student body than the current system. That is certainly counter to the general wisdom, which is why (as I understand it) they stopped requiring the tests. The tests were considered biased toward the socially elite, and IIRC there was plenty of research behind it, because the elite have the time and money (tutors, classes, etc.) to prepare test-taking skills - which is not a skill the colleges seek - and the questions were written about elite culture (e.g., 'You are sailing your yacht into the wind ...'). Wow, thank you! That is admirable work. If only the OP author had bothered ... > that is elitist especially because the point of college is education not to compete together as a team I don't understand how the latter implies the former ? You're a "wonky liberal", but it's the lack of sound evidence for progressive ideas that bothers you? Issues like climate change? Mass incarceration? Racism? Universal health care? Vaccinating people and wearing masks (not a position limited to progressives)? There's not another part of the political spectrum that lacks sound evidence? That's a bit mind-boggling, but not the first time I've seen it. My hypothesis: Middle-ground liberals are intimidated by abusive conservatives, but they feel safe criticizing progressives. You won't get flamed on HN, for example, for what you posted. It doesn't sound difficult to me. It has nothing to do with whiteness and maleness; it's about political power. If there is a group that is a dominant political power, it's the same thing. That's why issues of 'reverse racism' are a different problem: Discrimination is about power, not race. If American Buddhists are discriminatory against Baptists, it's obnoxious but not an issue of oppression or much threat to Baptists, because it lacks power. Of course, that's generalized: It will play out in different ways, in different places, among different people, in different times. In the U.S., it's different in Mississippi and Chicago, different today and tomorrow. > radical progressivists Are they really "radical", or is that merely a pejorative attached to 'progressive'? In what way are they radical? Lots of groups want change, many want big change; the progressives aren't even the leaders in 'big change' these days. America provides the means by which political culture flows, such as via Twitter and Facebook, but remember that a significant portion (of unknown size to me) of American social media rhetoric is imported . Where did trolling, nationalism, troll farms, hate speech, nihilism, mass-scale disinformation - where did each of those originate? I'm not implying an answer, by the way. I don't know; is there any research? My point is that there is no reason to believe any or all began in the U.S. We know at least about troll farms exporting rhetoric to the U.S., and that many of the ideas and rhetorical styles were more popular in places outside the U.S. before social media (such as inflammatory anti-immigrant rhetoric). Possibly, whoever exported them to the U.S. also exported them to other places. There is some evidence: We can see the rise of similar politics, especially right-wing populist nationalism, in many countries approximately simultaneously, including India, China, Europe, Russia, South America, the U.S., and many more. That wasn't popular politics 20 years ago. That may be, and I'm aware of the 50-centers, but xtian is also human like the rest of us. That's who I'm talking to. 20 years ago the American left (depending on how far 'left' you mean) was advocating action against climate change, for universal health care, for abortion rights, against tax cuts for the wealthy, for more investment in public education, etc. They certainly did not advocate against immigrants, for nationalism or ethnic nationalism, hate speech, etc. But I'm presenting the facts for your claims, when you should be. Do your other claims have some basis? Also, I didn't say anything about the Russians, though they do operate troll farms and try to influence social media. That's a conceptual question but doesn't call into question the practical reality: People clearly have some identity as a group, and act against other perceived groups. In the last few years it's gone from subtle to brazenly, proudly advocated, as evidenced by ethnic nationalism. Arguably, much of the worst in human history was born from discrimination against a group: Armenians, Tutsis, Jews, African-Americans, Muslims in Bosnia, etc. etc. etc. But to the concept, which we can learn something from: How do you reconcile what you say with the fact that people do have group identities - not as their complete identity, but part of it - and act as a group and treat others as members of groups? They clearly and explicitly do: People will openly discriminate against people based on skin color, sexual orientation, etc. As I said, ethnic nationalism has exploded, worldwide. > If it was just about political power it wouldn't make much sense given we've had a darker skinned person as president half this century (slight exaggeration), not to mention the current vice president, etc. etc. The distribution of power isn't binary, all or nothing. African-Americans have gained some power, but if you look at photos of Congress, the courts, the executive branch, governors, Fortune 1000 CEOs, powerful people in Silicon Valley, etc., it will be apparent who has most of the power. The overwhelming majority of politicians, especially in higher offices, are white males. Agreed, though my point is that the issues of power and discrimination are the same, just with different groups and different applications of them. > the officer being more scared of a black person That's a hypothetical that you created, it's not a fact: The fact is that civilians do not oppress police officers. They very rarely kill them, imprison them, stop and frisk them, etc. > I can be a penniless, poor homeless person and still be a racist piece of shit. I don't require power for that. > Certainly issues arise when the two intersect (having institutional power and discriminating) but don't conflate the two as the same. I didn't call them the same; they are certainly different. The point is that it doesn't matter too much if there is discrimination without power. The penniless poor person will have little effect on the passing African-American's life; the police officer can easily ruin their life. > this whole argument rests on the fact that power is some binary thing which isn't true at all. Power imbalances exist in every facet of life and sometimes, traditionally "oppressed" classes of people have more power than "oppressor classes" in some situation or another. I agree, I actually thought about that, but I left out that nuance (I can't write a dissertation on HN; something must be left out). But since you bring it up: Yes, anyone can suffer discrimination on the micro level. But that is much less of an issue; it doesn't rise to the level of a society issue for two reasons: As an example, I was going door-to-door for a political campaign and one person said to me, 'get your [deleted] ass off my porch': They were in a vulnerable group and I wasn't. First, I wasn't feeling threatened because, again, they lacked power. They couldn't call the police and have me arrested; their neighbors wouldn't beat me up. It was just one person being jerk. Think of it this way: I've knocked on doors after dark around elections (which are in November in the U.S., and polls usually close after dark). Doing that in a white neighborhood, I've thought - what if I was a black man? It would be dangerous for me. Second, it's just an isolated event and not a macro, society-wide problem. African-Americans have been suffering widespread discrimination by almost every institution and large sections of the population, creating great harm for generations. I had a bad experience for a few seconds. While the person shouldn't have acted that way, it wasn't a big deal; it doesn't rise to the level of a major society issue requiring legislation and Constitutional amendments. It also didn't evoke a lifetime of abuse and threat; it was just annoying. I said 'ok' and went to the next house. So what are you using? A feature phone in a 'flip' form factor? I'm wondering what the options are. Ironically, you've said something worth remembering. I was thinking about that the other day, as I passed a major art museum: Has a modern museum ever suffered a calamity that damaged much/most of its treasures? Digitizing rare objects would go a long way toward preserving them: A digital copy is not the same thing, but it's far better than nothing. It also provides near-immediate access to people worldwide in a moment, instead of to only those who can travel to a certain location and schedule a visit to the rare artifacts room. It's a great democratizing of information (I'm preaching to the choir, I know ...). It's surprising to me that such work often has to struggle for funding (IIRC). I would happily support a tax increase to cover a nationwide and worldwide digitization project: It's a one-time cost (beyond ongoing storage and bandwidth), and provides so much value for eternity. .................. In college, I was studying in the enormous main library. There were private cubicles with doors around the edges of the stacks, going up six floors - a great place for quiet and to not be found, when I really needed to focus. I didn't tell anyone: nobody knew I was there or ever went there. I remember one night I took a break and walked from the cubicle through the stacks to the elevator lobby, to use the bathroom. As I approached I heard a faint sound, getting louder, kind of like a bell. It was the fire alarm. It had been going off for 20 minutes. Five large floors of floor-to-ceiling bookshelves beneath me; nobody knew I was there or ever went there. Very well written, and I agree completely. Usually I don't bother going that far on HN (and I didn't know the theory so clearly) because I wonder who else is as interested as I am. I'm glad you are. To give an example of what you describe, many white Americans used to choose identities over where they emigrated from: Italian vs Irish vs Polish, etc. Now many identify around being white Americans, against people with other skin color and against immigrants. > Is this because the flexibility of categorical identity was (ab)used by those who wouldn't find discussions around class identity favorable, or because there was a true essence to those initial categories? My vote; it is more #1 than not. There's no true essence to it; that's an assertion by people trying to protect their power against the inevitable flexibility of groups. But also, some of it is not intentional either - it can be just incidental - and I suspect much is the artifact of prior intention: Their grandparents refused to associate with black-skinned people, and so now they don't know any black-skinned people, so they don't identify with them, and black-skinned people become the unknown. > To sum up; group identities are self-fulfilling, overly flexible and most importantly purpose built constructs. Wrongly choosing the category could as well ossify the problems it is trying to solve than to help people break free of them. I'll even one up; the meta-group of "belonging to a group" is even bigger of a problem; to convince people that the fact that they can be group-things is more important than them being individuals creates a greater host of framing issues for them. While I agree, we must still solve the present(and past) harm done to people for being identified with certain groups. I'd always work to leave the door open to what you are saying, but that doesn't help black people (and LGBTQ and others) who are threatened and harmed today. But generally, I'm with you. ;) While I agree, I don't see being selective as necessarily being about a team competition. They have 100 applications for each spot; they have to select them. FWIW: I recently saw the applications to several American elite colleges. All asked, one way or the other, 'how will our institution in particular help you in particular?', and 'how will you in particular contribute to our institution in particular?'. They seemed focused on the finding students who would benefit most and contribute most, not on a contest to see who gets the best credential. WFH doesn't seem worth all this anger. It emphasizes to me that Internet rage/outrage is a social activity, to a degree, an exciting opportunity to join with others, share emotions with them, and have some power. > These articles with hyperbolic headlines WFH also appeals to American conservatives who want to target cities, which are democratic strongholds, and reduce their power and reputation. The WSJ is the leading news source of U.S. conservative elite. People are not atomic units at work. They are part of teams and part of a larger organization. The question is not where you work best, but where the teams and larger organization work best. Silicon Valley leaders, such as Google, have long invested significant resources in incentivizing people to stay at the office - great food, massages, ping pong, lectures, etc. The value of being at the office hasn't changed, and Silicon Valley already experimented with mostly remote work and rejected it, years ago. I remember Yahoo (IIRC) abruptly canceling their experiment and bringing people back to the office. I'm surprised to see some SV companies now planning for WFH. Nothing has changed in that regard, especially for them - it's not like their employees didn't understand how to use Zoom and were forced to do it by the pandemic, like people in less tech-savvy industries. > people are really happy about these initiatives as accounts backed by user identity are less likely to be used for harm Has anyone told you they are really happy about it? I haven't heard someone say that. Most users have no idea about it. I strongly recommend: https://www.memeorandum.com/ I'm missing something: How do lower pressures lead to tubeless? > in theory , wider tires are faster due to their shorter contact patch, which deforms less as they roll What is meant by "contact patch"? If it means 'portion of tire in contact with the ground': Assuming the tires are the same circumference, I'd expect the front-to-back dimension of the contact area to be the same, and being a wider tire, the side-to-side contact dimension to be larger, creating a larger contact area. And given equal force on the tires, wouldn't the same force deform a smaller contact area more, not less? What am I misunderstanding? > Laboratory tests on steel drums eliminate the rider and thus the suspension losses . If you look at hysteretic losses alone, narrow tires run at higher pressures and thus flex less, meaning they absorb less energy. > We tested on real roads, with a rider on the bike, and found that the increased vibrations of the narrower tires caused energy losses that canceled out the gains from the reduced flex. These suspension losses are mostly absorbed in the rider’s body. How do hysteretic losses apply here? And, why does the increased vibration cause energy losses (which I take to mean reduced efficiency of energy used for movement)? If the energy is absorbed by the tire or is transferred via other bicycle components to the rider, what's the difference in energy loss/efficiency? Can anyone recommend serious science and engineering sources on bicycles? I've looked hard and only found a couple: * Bicycling Science by David Gordon Wilson: Book by MIT mechanical engineering professor, going back four editions to the 1970s. https://mitpress.mit.edu/books/bicycling-science-fourth-edit... * "Bicycle Technology" by SS Wilson in Scientific American (Mar 1973): Great starting point on the technology and it's development. PDF: http://veterancycleclublibrary.org.uk/ncl/pics/Bicycle%20Tec... Here's a few more I haven't yet pursued: * Journal of Science and Cycling: Open access online journal https://www.jsc-journal.com/ * International Human Powered Vehicle Association (IHPVA) and World Human Powered Vehicle Association (WHPVA): Apparently one association that split acrimoniously in the 2000s. I haven't pursued this. * Cycle Engineers Institute (CEI) (UK) * European Cyclists Federation (ECF) I'd love to find other publications, and a community and forum. When I ask around at bike shops, most people refer me to Park Tools, which isn't what I'm after. Thank you, but maybe I'm being dense: Tire hits bump, causing energy B to impact tire. The whole bike and rider go 'up' or just the tire goes 'up'. How is the former causing more energy loss? The amount of energy is B either way. I can see how one is more comfortable, because the tire takes the hit and not me, but I don't grasp the difference in energy. Ah, thank you; that makes sense to me. I didn't anticipate a big difference between a tire and a person in that regard. FWIW, from the article: > Studies by the U.S. Army found that the more discomfort vibrations cause, the more energy is being absorbed. And the amount of energy that a vibrating human body can absorb is significant – the U.S. Army’s study measured up to 2000 Watt! Let's not imagine how that study was conducted ... I have an account with a lot of content in it on an online service. When I signed up, they didn't require any personal information. Now they want some significant info or I can't get back into my account. > There isn’t a correlation between graduating from Stanford and being able to write secure code. Nor is there a correlation between Stanford degrees and wanting to write secure code. > If you are at a desktop, there is an easy transition to using your phone to take a picture of your ID (or a selfie if that's the use case - it will match selfies with ID photos), and then complete verification on the desktop. Meaning they can identify my laptop and phone as belonging to the same person. I prefer they don't. > I think it has more to do with the average age people tend to get the disease. Heart disease won’t affect most people until their 60’s There's nothing to explain. Human beings naturally care about other human beings. Why would someone work to create a fiction that it's otherwise? If you don't trust news sources, why would you trust this person? At least news sources have editorial processes, reputations, trained, experienced, professional journalists. They aren't perfect, but they're much better than random bloggers. > Ty Cobb was famous for shady base running tactics, so this isn't new I've never heard anything about Cobb being shady or breaking rules. He was known to be hyper-aggressive and have an angry, paranoid personality; he was always five steps ahead of the competition; but I never heard of him cheating. > Gaylord Perry There are many unwritten rules and exceptions. Perry wasn't 'cheating' like the steroid users. He toed the line of the unwritten exceptions that everyone, and every serious fan, knew. > Cheating has a long history in baseball. So does playing by the rules and enforcement of the rules. Arguably the beginning of modern baseball was when the owners hired a federal judge as Commissioner in ~1920 to clean up the game, and Landis promptly banned several star players. Pete Rose was banned for gambling. The statement is meaningless: People have cheated in everything, and followed the rules in everything. People have committed crime everywhere, but that saying Palo Alto has a long history of murder isn't meaningful. > How many times in the last few years have their "independently confirmed" anonymous sources been proven false? I don't know - not a lot, IMHO, at least not in the publications I read. I'd say 99% are accurate. But why is this blogger likely to be any better? > When reputable and trusted journalists are leaving their industry and sounding the alarm while becoming bloggers on Substack, it is not so easy to maintain faith in the process. They aren't saying news is unreliable, they are saying they can make more money on Substack. > there is nothing in this post that I need to take on faith, as you kinda need to do with the news It's the opposite: Journalism presents claims based on corroboration, presents all (corroborated) sides of the story, and tells you what the sources are, with the idea that you can decide for yourself. > 90% of the "news" is just blogspam ... An ironic comment ? All you've posted are typical Internet rants of emotion and exaggeration, which not only are empty of any argument, they shut down the flow of knowledge and understanding. If you are unhappy with journalism, I can't imagine how people ranting on the Internet is better? I'm sure you have something substantive to say. If you think everyone agrees, I encourage you to listen a bit more and broaden your experience. I know and encounter many who agree with me (and many who don't). I wish I was a journalist, but it's not my skillset. > And yet most days I accept this as normal. That is not a symptom, but the problem. People can normalize anything. You could normalize living like a medieval peasant - many people did. Smart people know they can just keep doing something and eventually others will accept it to a degree. You deserve better. I have a weird itch on my a-- right now. It is the next pandemic. Repeating, insisting, exaggerating, emoting, etc. don't make something more likely to be true, or have any relationship with truth (nor does fabricating, of course). They have no value in science, law, serious news, or in reason in general. Somehow, they still do on some social media (though not as much on HN). IMHO, those kinds of rhetoric make something less likely - there's a reason people don't make a substantive argument, and the rhetoric distracts us from getting anywhere (which is sometimes intentional). We can see now in the world that these aren't trivial issues, not sport and not isolated in effect to a fictional online universe; they have real, very serious impact on the real world. To me, this rhetoric is also boorish and a waste of my time. I am moving on to something worth my time. I hope it goes better next time. Edit: I want to preserve this part, in case the parent is edited. Maybe you don't understand evidence and reason and argument? Sincerely, that would explain it and I'd be happy to help out. > I guess I'll point out that my comments are more highly upvoted than yours Yikes: So you are posting people's identifying information on an immutable, distributed database? > The fact that people are making money and lots of it in crypto using traditional financial instruments is all the proof you need to know that it has a use case. It's happening therefore it must work? That's a dangerous attitude, especially in financial markets. People have done that with tulips and lots of other things; those really weren't use cases in a meaningful sense. What do you see as the benefit of having used blockchain? (I can imagine an answer, but you are the one who implemented it and have direct experience with it.) > no one person can alter the laws of physics, just as no one person can alter the laws of Bitcoin I think we're into hyperbole if we're comparing it with physics. It's literally true that "no one person can alter the laws of physics", but it's not the truth. > lots of people would become addicted and there would be many deaths This is the reason. It doesn't require cynically blaming politicians. It's not wrong for politicians to act to prevent death, and to be responsive to their constituents. Those are good things. > Taking advice directly from the reporter is as ridiculous as taking advice from celebrities. Agreed, though I don't see reporters offering health advice. They do what you say. Though a health reporter probably knows far more than a random famous person, having spent a career learning about health care and days/weeks/months studying the specific issues at hand. Look at the amount of research involved in a serious news publication - often many experts interviewed, studies reviewed, and that's just what made it into print. Andreessen Horowitz created Future to bypass journalists, as I understand it, and have actively tried to discredit journalists who are critics. This essay is the first I've seen in Future, and it fits what one might expect: It's highly critical of others, the authors portray themselves as heroes and avoid almost all criticism of themselves. There are almost no sources and it doesn't show or attempt to show other points of view, and makes no attempt to address bias and self-interest. In a sense, it works perfectly. Let's be aware of what it is: self-promotion from people trying to avoid scrutiny. > You have an identity entity off-chain (say a government body) that you get some kind of cryptographically signed piece of information that doesn't relay any of your personal information on-chain but allows entities on-chain to know that you are in good standing with the off-chain identity service? Why use blockchain? Why not just have the entity provide a database? Note that the standing may change over time. > Couldn't it even be a one-time use type of thing? I'm not sure what this means. Why use an immutable database for one use? PIA is owned by the person who owns Freenode, afaik. I would certainly look into that before trusting them. Have you tried answering that question? Mullvad isn't faceless and anonymous. > The more nodes you have participating the more secure an onion system tends to be. Tor isn't very large as it is, and (I would guess) it's the largest. If another onion routing network didn't grow the audience, you would have two even smaller networks. > the Tor network can carry most kinds of traffic Isn't Tor limited to routing TCP? That would rule out QUIC, for example. > the IP is hidden, but not the data Isn't the great majority of your traffic HTTPS? > There are many VPN providers in the US which don’t have logs Many claim they don't have logs, and my understanding is that it has been sometimes revealed that they do have logs. Also, how do you run a server without logs? Many think those claims are BS. No benefits, no social security, no resume, no references (outside the criminal world, if they even use references), no personal network (outside crime), permanent and catastrophic damage to your reputation if you are caught ... but you save on taxes! > Image search is nothing to write home about DDG has my favorite image search. Generally, I haven't used Google in years. If DDG isn't finding something, I use some other privacy-oriented search engine. Zero Trust is becoming a panacea IME: You may feel overwhelmed by the complete lack of systems you can trust, but Zero Trust will magically provide security regardless and take away your stress. We need more discussion of its costs, what it specifically provides, and its limitations. Can anyone with some expertise and experience comment? > If you think psychological science is bad I know it's often repeated, but is there evidence that "psychological science" is worse (by some measure and to a significant degree) than other social sciences? As long as we're talking about science, let's look at evidence! ;) Anyone studying human behavior, on any scale, has the added challenge that it's so complex that you can't really isolate simple mechanics, as you can in physics or chemistry. People are far more complex than a molecule, or even a billion molecules. BTW, I'm aware of the well-known cite, the NY Times article on the 'reproducability crisis' from a few years ago. Few seem to have read the article: The results were reproduced, but many were at lower strength than the original research. That's important, but it's not like the researchers just complete missed and results were arbitrary. > You are ignoring the article and attacking the publisher I wrote specific criticisms of the article, and why shouldn't I criticize the publisher? It's necessary to know your source. People criticize publishers all the time; many criticize all journalists and their publishers with one broad brush! > that also admits the plausibility of Phoecians, Romans, reaching the Americas The theory about Pacific islanders has evidence; the above does not. > It's fantasy science That's a fantasy comment. > Founded by Sophie Schmidt, the daughter of Eric Schmidt (co-founder of Google/70th richest person in the world). Just FYI. I like the idea of the publication but I wonder how unbiased it could be with a background like that. Good to know, but I think it's taking it too far to say that Sophie couldn't be unbiased. Are children so bound to their parents? Are you so bound to think like yours? To support your parents' endeavors? Some do, but many don't. >> ... Macs are incredibly expensive here because of import taxes > This sound like a great opportunity for the government to do some good. Cut the taxes that fund the services poor people depend on, such as education, health care, transportation, etc., so that they can have cheaper computers and Apple can net more profit? Absolutely. It's hard to refute that people with more resources achieve at a much higher rate, and the solution is obvious. I didn't know that about music education in Detroit; that's great and an important story. > poor kids can be pretty resourceful They are, in fact, like every other kid! > Out of all that came Motown, a strong rock scene (Alice Cooper, Bob Seger, Ted Nugent and more) and the birth of electronic music. And punk (MC5, Iggy Pop & the Stooges) and funkadelic (George Clinton, etc.). Also, to nitpick, it was the birth of techno, not electronic music. > I've heard from people close to him that that's just the way he is and you have to get used to it. It's an issue of power. If they didn't have power, nobody would say that. If a student behaved that way toward Felleisen, certainly nobody would say that to Felleisen. Power corrupts. It's been said that more people get their understanding of the bible from Milton's Paradise Lost (directly or indirectly) than from the Bible. If you look at both, many elements we're familiar with are from Milton (IIRC, and it's been a long time, the apple in the Garden of Eden is an example). > Particularly when it comes to getting eyeballs on TV, or a movie. People making that content are thinking about what people will want to watch. But what they will want to watch isn't what they already know, it's what they are comfortable with. There is new information, the problem is new info that challenges the viewer too much. The better artists walk that line better: they find ways to present challenging information that will go down easily. Note that the article quotes the Lear Center's research; it's named after and founded by Norman Lear, who made (among many other shows) All in the Family , which covered political issues, including race, and without pulling (many) punches, in 1971 and was an enormous hit. I highly recommend watching the first season - great on many levels. And it will press your buttons, even today. "If you want to tell people the truth, make them laugh or they will kill you." (Attributed to many people, from Oscar Wilde to George Bernard Shaw to Richard Pryor) > The information is for the most part mined from Wiktionary. It's not a popular opinion here to criticize a star of the open Internet, but Wiktionary is not a reliable source of information (unless I misunderstand its provenance - it is crowd-sourced?). I love crowd-sourcing, but not for factual research. And this is how misinformation spreads - now someone builds another thing on top of Wiktionary. The core of the problem, however, is that the reliable sources of etymology, such as the Oxford English Dictionary, are not open and free. You can't just build a visualization of the relationships. Shame on the scholars for hiding the most precious, valuable treasures of civilization behind walls, when the miraculous opportunity finally came to share them with the world globally and freely (i.e., the Internet). There was a story awhile ago that TikTok's curation selected for relatively wealthy people, and I mean 'wealthy' the scale of rich countries. For example, they didn't want something shot in a home that looked impoverished, presumably because it wasn't the experience they wanted for their audience. I don't use TikTok, but a few times I've seen compilations of TikTok on YouTube, and the above description certainly matched what I saw. Also, the compilations show people who are overwhelmingly white. Is what I saw representative? Are they representative in the US, and maybe people in other places see something different? (Edit: And I see the appeal of TikTok, nice dopamine hits without any cost.) Those policies, if they exist, seem unhealthy for kids and for society: Lots of kids in the world have cell phones, but nly a small portion of the world would qualify for success on TikTok, and they are qualified by their money (and possibly ethnicity). It says to the vast majority who are poorer that you aren't part of society and no matter how good your video is, you can't qualify. It also would hide from the rich kids the vast reality of life, and that there is nothing threatening about poverty and poor people, and people who don't look like you. > In my experience wiktionary is a pretty great+reliable source for word etymology. I've corrected a few things, but generally it gets it right faar more often than wrong ... Serious question: How do you know if it's right or wrong? How do I know the Oxford English Dictionary is accurate? I trust it because experts trust it, because experts write it, and because it's had over a century to mature and it has retained its reputation for that long. Also, they show and cite actual quotes. > good about citing sources Ever check cites on Wikipedia? Many of them do not at all support what is written in the article. > The same has been said about Wikipedia for long time, but for some reason Wiktionary still does not get the same level of trust as Wikipedia. I don't think Wikipedia is reliable at all. I can't speak for others. > A lot of the etymologies on Wiktionary come from reputable sources such as the mentioned OED. Wiktionary reuses OED content? I'm surprised the OED allows that. No more than opportunities to do good reveal. We all have good and bad in us. Today you have an opportunity - do some good! Do you have some evidence about these particular taxes? 'All taxes / tariffs are bad' is not an argument. That they are imperfect does not make them bad, or everything is bad. > Was this controlled in some effective way? According to the article, yes. Human curators were instructed on that policy. I don't remember how/if it was implemented in algorithms, but per the article, humans controlled who succeeded. Thanks for the thoughtful answer! IMHO: > seem plausible to me > someone took the time to explain to me (to my satisfaction) > I've asked about them, had them confirmed as problems, and fixed them Based on that, Wiktionary's standard of accuracy is what will be accepted by a non-expert. That's a pretty low standard; that's people talking in a college dorm room or in a bar. It's nothing personal - my intuitions on etymology are no better. That's also how misinformation is created and spreads; it's right out of the textbook. Research shows that our intuitions about what's true are terrible if we don't have expertise in the issue, and that is how we are most easily fooled. "The first principle is that you must not fool yourself -- and you are the easiest person to fool." - Richard Feynman > Not reuses wholesale, but cites as a source of information. [Which is what you want, right?] Yes! Thanks. As an aside: I splurged on an OED subscription, which isn't cheap (they had a sale recently, maybe still going on, but usually it's something like $300/yr). If you care about concepts and ideas, I can't recommend it enough: It's a dictionary of every concept to which anyone has ever assigned a word (or term) in English, and in minutes you can see the concept from every perspective it's been seen, in every time and place, and the OED bring that together with the primary sources - the actual (brief) quotes where the person introduced the term. IME, it's also the best place to start for scientific and mathematical terms. If you look up "relativity" you get original quotes from Maxwell, Poincare, Einstein, etc., as well as several paragraphs succinctly and clearly defining the Special Theory, General Theory, etc. > What we need is a linguist to get on here and give their take, and tell us how it fares compared to the professional resources. Agreed. BTW, regardless of Wiktionary, I love the research - it's such creative, intriguing, stimulating work to explore those things. When people react, as (IMHO) they are conditioned to, to intellectual things with fear, hesitation and/or negativity, I think 'ugh, you are missing so much, the most beautiful things in this universe and many others.' And see my other comment about the OED. It's the best tool for it. Ah, thank you. Unfortunately, I haven't revisited that issue in a long time so that was the only example that sprung to mind. Right. That's what I meant by 'indirectly'. Not many people actually read the Bible either, but they know the stories. What do you think about the idea of the MC5 and Iggy and the Stooges being the inventors of punk rock? Allometry predicts much about animals, according to the evidence. What evidence do you have? > You don't need a conspiracy for this ... It's not a conspiracy, but a documented fact based on interviews with TikTok employees, etc. In fact, I'm not sure TikTok really denied it, but it was awhile ago. Note that, > 80% of organizations that paid the ransom were hit by a second attack, and almost half were hit by the same threat group Why would victims pay them? Why would the attackers bother to reinfect? Just up the price on the original infection, after the first payment. I think the GP might have been responding to the GGP, not to your statement in the article. Thanks for sharing your expertise. Would you be open to sharing your background? Obviously it's not required, but it would help contextualize what you're saying for the interested non-mathematician; otherwise we're kinda stuck with 'some guy on the Internet said ...' syndrome. :) > But mostly I simply support directed, sustained investment in ourselves and our future. But who chooses the investment? While I'm not anti-tax, I generally think the aggregated intelligence of the free market makes the best decisions, in most cases.