It can be applied recursively, but with diminishing returns and an increasingly alien (to a software developer) set of rules as you go down. If learning one thing made you 10% better at the thing above it, you would also become 1% better at the thing above that. Smaller transistors take less energy to switch. The problem with heat dissipation is not that the amount of energy wasted goes up, it is that the [i]ratio[/i] of energy wasted goes up. There is a point where the increase in resistance will nullify the decrease in switching costs, it is at this point where we would need superconductors. I'd really like a gallery of previous tees so I can see what sort of thing I would be getting. You say they won't be logo shirts, so what will they be? I'm interested but confused. By external factors, I think he means factors unrelated (or at least not very related) to the success of the company, like wild stock speculation. I recall that this is what happened with the Blender Foundation. Perhaps something incredible will come of this? Wordpress takes a simple thing (One-way flow of text from author to reader) and makes it easy. It could be a lot harder to deal with something where information was going both ways. A very important part of an interactive webpage is how it changes over time and with different inputs. Web developers have no trouble looking at some example widgets and imagining all the possible things a user could make them look like, but most people (might) have trouble doing that. The same thing, I imagine, applies to running servers. I only know a bit about operating servers, but from my experience there is a complete, unremovable complexity that comes with having a powerful set of tools. Perhaps, we could remove almost all the configurability from the instant-server kit, but then why would you want to run your own? It doesn't move forever, it moves until you stop it. It is a lot like a spinning satellite - the only reason it keeps going is because there is no friction. Knuth is not a developer, he is a computer scientist. The standard CS career path is not yet well trodden, maybe we are all supposed to turn into managers and high-level researchers as we get older? I think the main difference is that the launch is made using a commercial launch vehicle/capsule. If you had the money, you could hand Space X a ball of metal and a pile of cash and they will put it in orbit for you. Just because the government is the first paying customer doesn't mean it isn't commercial. I recall them saying it was liquid oxygen venting. For those that don't click on the image, there is a hole in the rover where a screw would normally be found. Does anyone here know if this is intentional? This is to prevent users from creating passwords they cannot remember. It could very well be true that having a streamlined password recovery system (weak to social engineering) is less secure than having easy-to-remember easy-to-guess passwords. I'm not sure what the estimated failure rate for the falcon 9 rockets were before the most recent launch, but let's assume it was 1 in 27. So: The insurance company looks at the deal and sees that they have a 1 in 27 chance of having to pay out. Then they ask Orbcomm to pay $10,000,000/27 + profit. Statistically, the insurance company will always win if they make enough deals. Oh, and I am sure that if NASA offered $1B to anyone who would insure the 50 million tank, there would be an army of takers. ;) What if instead of a sidebar, you could get information about a word by putting your mouse over it and doing something? (does javascript let you trap rightclicks?) All programers are concerned with design, if nothing else the design of the implementation! All good coders realize that there will really be two groups of users, the consumers and those who wish to extend or maintain the application. A piece of code with a good UX (maybe DX instead?) makes my life so much easier and can save my company quite a bit of money if my salary is high. For small groups, having developers who can make good end user interfaces is pretty much a requirement, but this is noting special. If you were developing oilfield software, you would need to know about drilling. If you are developing software whose purpose is to augment some already-existing element of humanity (like communication), then it is not a surprise that you would want developers that know about how humans like to do things. As members of a community focused almost entirely on a specific subset of everything there is to know about in the world, we must not forget that while a furniture maker should know woodworking well, he should also know about how people sit. Considering that they use the singular term "life's work", I don't think they intend for their signs to apply to people with more than one goal in their lives. Also, isn't it obvious when you are happy with what you are doing? What we really need are the signs that you are looking at your life's work's job listing. >If, however, there is much more concern around how the cookware is organized in the kitchen, or which brand of vegetable oil should be bought, that has almost no tangible benefits to the person eating the meal. I think you are only looking at one side of the multiplier effect. Yes, organizing cookware does not prepare food, but have you ever tried to cook when all your tools are in a drawer, piled together? Design leads implementation and implementation gives substance to design. Valuing one over the other is like saying a car's engine is more important than it's gas pedal. So, why not have specialized workers? It makes sense to me that the people who don't understand the needs of the average user would be the perfect people to have slog through the mess of poorly designed APIs that pretty much every project ever will have to deal with at some point. All new languages carry with them a very large amount of risk. If for nothing else, it would be good to learn this language to get better at learning languages. Type some text over 'chairs' and it will give you an image plus some more text. I think this is supposed to be a parody of a commercial FB ran a little while back, where they compared chairs to facebook. I actually kind of wonder how they did it, the images are (mostly) accurate. Maybe a google image search? Wasn't the rocket science done by the people who made the solid rocket fuel tube thing? If you look at the comments on the article, they are 4 out of 6 Korean propaganda. (at the time I wrote this comment) Maybe I am abnormally ignorant about recent history, but could you expand on this statement? No. Writing is low-impact work. You can only write so many words in a day. The people that are changing the world don't do it by writing words. But wait a minute... writing well about important things is VERY high-impact work. If you are lamenting that your work is low impact, maybe you should find something other than the latest cat photo sharing enterprise knowledge framework. We created our distractions, and we will surely limit them if doing so becomes worthwhile. If a company that banned non-enterprise smartphones during work hours was more profitable than one that did not, if the difference was great enough, the banners would quickly overtake everyone else. This is where culture comes from. I don't think you quite got what I am trying to say. Addictive smartphone checking isn't culture, it is a problem that culture will be generated to solve. (Well, it could also turn out to be not nearly as much of an issue as we think it is, and then we will all forget about it save for the odd blog post making fun of how we were scared of something as normal as walking or watching a movie.) "a lack of commitment to one thing is just as productive as doing nothing at all." If your goal is to build a finished product, yes, this is absolutely true. But if you choose ambitious projects beyond your current expertise, bringing the project anywhere beyond the planning stage will be a valuable experience for the purpose of learning. Me and most people I know just have side projects for the fun of it. Why do we need strict metrics and goals? Freight trains in America have no way of getting electric power from the rails in a safe manner. If you could actually build a train-sized power plant, it would work wonderfully. Interesting fact: For engineering reasons, the engines in the trains do not directly connect to the wheels. Instead, they operate generators that power electric motors attached to the wheels. Installing a nuclear power plant would be as simple as adding another car to the train and changing around some wires. Urea is easier to break down than water. (0.37V as opposed to 1.2V) I'm no chemist, but I think that making an unstable chemical into a stable(er) one gives off energy. Also, if it wasn't a viable way to get energy than it wouldn't run at all. I don't see any wire going into a wall socket or anything, so I assume if they had it run for six hours like the article implies there has to be /something/ there. My main issue with it is having what looks like a gasoline generator run on hydrogen. Doing the necessary tweaks raises the technical complexity of this by an order of magnitude. I did a ctrl-f for charged in the article and didn't see it. Where did it say that? If that is what it is, though, the entire thing is pretty much fake because a charged electrolytic cell is the same thing as a charged capacitor. Burning trash releases (among other things) dioxins. They are thought to cause cancer, according to the EPA. http://cfpub.epa.gov/ncea/CFM/nceaQFind.cfm?keyword=Dioxin However, I am sure clever filtering could solve the problem. (Credit where credit is due: A banned user posted a link to a UK guardian article about air pollution due to garbage incineration, giving me a good place to start my research.) Yeah, it's awesome. You can also try different electrode materials (connected to the battery with alligator clips) to make the water turn mysterious colors. Copper is the coolest in my opinion, if you salt the water it will go through multiple oxidation stages over time and change from green to yellow to black. (Oh, and if you use copper and let it react for a really long time, it will form copper tetrachloride and if you mix that with copper sulphate (blue crystals used to kill roots, get it at most any hardware store) you can come up with this crazy stuff that will eat up aluminum foil like some kind of nasty acid but does nothing to human skin.) You do get toasted! But only when the fireball gets to you. I'm pretty sure clever design could get the film into a safe place by then. I would buy one, and so would pretty much any company. A vibrant developer community is a big minus for big companies with no need for custom software, because that means there will be people figuring out how to root the devices (and worms, ect). If blackberry fails in the consumer market, the commercial market will save it. As for the consumer market, who doesn't love seeing new ways to do things? Andriod and Iphone are old and boring now, and Windows Phone 8 is not my cup of tea. (Oh, just remembered firefox OS. Is that a thing still?) Well, if we have to write computer programs for our own brains, I suppose the rule should be that the level of praise should be based on a combination of the usefulness of the project combined with the effort that went in to it. Usefulness because it is good to know how to find out what people want, and effort because kids have a very hard time sticking to stuff for extended durations. Well, if we assume that any source of alcohol could be counted as beer, this device could be constructed by combining the water generator with a colony of modified algae (or an ecosystem of carb leaking algae and yeast) combined with some sort of membrane that allows alcohol through but not water. (Or a Brownian motion powered still). That sounds pretty hard, but it would be a safe bet to say you could buy one within fifty years. Maybe longer if you want something nicer than pure ethanol. Gravity waves? Automated sub-sub conscious processors in the brain are mostly responsible for how little information the higher mind has to deal with. If there is a tree in a movie, the visual cortex will say "It's a tree, what next?". If there is an abstract tree symbol, the visual cortex will say "What is this giant solid color block sitting in the middle of my field of view?" and send it up to your conscious mind for processing, resulting in a more taxing experience for the audience. Of course, if we knew how the brain worked, we could maybe somehow send signals directly to whatever ball of neurons handles abstract concepts... Everyone is doomed, just at different times. :) > All programs should have a "pure" kernel with a single interface Very interesting idea... sounds like something someone would design an operating system around, it would require some sort of highly optimized external call thing. But I am not sure I get it. What would stop an upper layer bug from simply passing bad instructions to the kernel? >Can the physical world actually reach zero, or only asymptotically approach it? Five minutes ago, I had zero apples in my hand. At this exact moment, I have no way of knowing how many apples are in my hand due to signal delay and processing time. Numbers as we know them are only useful for describing the past, but at that task they can work perfectly. We may have flawed measuring devices, but they are attempting to measure something with a real, constant value. The fact that we are not directly connected to reality doesn't mean that reality is an illusion. If, in reality, there were zero apples in my hand, I could say that I was holding one apple, but then I would be wrong. The biggest problem with games like these is the fact that people aren't on enough to guard their creations. I have played on and helped construct many minecraft servers trying to do this, and one-man midnight raids supported by deeply hidden bases quickly become the only viable strategy. The only reason civilization was able to arise in real life is the fact that people can be "exploited" by moral obligation and imbalanced fear to put the common good above their own. This doesn't work in a video game. Spore was intended to be singleplayer, but interacting with AI driven NPCs based on other player's creations. >This problem has been solved on paper How? >"when is that useful?" I would like to be able to listen to youtube music videos while doing other tasks. I feel sorry for people who have built their careers around the fine art of crank turning, it is only a matter of time before their jobs are automated away. >I've not seen this at all. Well, there is always everyone's favorite grumpy uncle Linus. :) I think it ends up being 'ok' for him to do it because nobody questions the importance of a kernel being perfect. My joke sensors might be burnt out, but... http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Standard_Model Look at the 'periodic table' on the right. Everything has a place, and makes sense. The quarks and leptons have their pattens with increasing mass ect, and there is one Gauge boson for each basic force of nature. If there was a second Z boson... where would you put it? >It should be extensible, but only by 1 language. Competing programer's browsers could offer alternative extension languages as their differentiator. Why not have a packet-based interface for browser extentions AND automation? (like a database) Simply stating what you believe is frowned upon here, you are supposed to include your reasons. The basic assumption that we all hold about our opinions is that everyone else would believe in them too if they knew the facts we did, so it is best to accompany all statements of opinion with a logical argument for their validity. You put deuterium and carbon 14 'on top' of their respective elements on the periodic table. (or at least in my mental model) > In fairness, discarding data which does not fit the model has not been without it's practitioners. I'm not trying to say we should discard data, I am pointing out that we would need to discard our model. (or at least a part of it) And discarding a model that has been around for so long is always surprising. (or at least to some people) I wish the article had talked more about what it had to do with black holes. Can anyone here explain that to me? Maybe, instead of universal healthcare, we could have a program that tried to fix people that were a danger to society? It would function like a cross between police and public broadcasting, both things already accepted by mostly everyone. I'm going to take a guess at this... the macros compile down to #define billy_bob main? Let's see... yell() takes six 'bare' strings and appends four of them together in a certain order while ignoring the other two. This turns (i,n,m,a,t,e) into (m,a,i,n). The second define sets billy_bob as the output of yell. I don't know C very well, is this correct? That only works if your program is a one-way pipe for data, like a graphics card. Most programs need to communicate within themselves. Maybe this list should be "Seven habits of CEOs that change things". If they are good, they use there personality traits to make things better. If they are bad, they use these traits to make things worse. http://www.computercraft.info/ There exists a mod that lets you build mining turtles, script-able in lua. If you really want to destroy your time, look up the Technic modpack-it has all sorts of awesome stuff like that. http://dev.bukkit.org/server-mods/python-plugin-loader/ I have been using a python-bukkit plugin layer for quite some time for a lot of small administrative plugin tasks on my private server. You should check out his project, it's on github. For software-as-a-service, trade secrets are easily kept. Not so much if google published a desktop version of their fancy product. And no, making saas the only viable platform is not a good outcome. (then we wouldn't have to worry about trusting the user, but we would have to worry about trusting the provider.) And then 90% of the world population only plays computer games. The only reason people enjoy things other than computer games is because computer games aren't yet good enough. An environment created especially for the purpose of making us happy has an inherent advantage over reality. (Btw, don't forget the fact that our creative desires can also be realized in computer games.) The figure doesn't go up, the ranking goes up. (Meaning all the other figures go down.) >what the heck are you writing that needs to be 120 chars wide? Ever used java? private static final Map , PersistentHelper> class2helper = new HashMap , PersistentHelper>(); if ((string1.toLowerCase().equals(Localization.getString('Yes')) || string1.toLowerCase().equals('yes')) && Cleaning.Verifier.isSafeInput(string2) && Cleaning.Verifier.isSafeInput(string3)) The first one I found on google, the second one is based on something one would normally expect to find in an average java codebase. Just a thought... Be allowing (almost) everyone the same power to falsify information, this company is reducing the power of today's fraudsters to lie convincingly. (Now, people won't trust unreliable sources so easily.) Could this be a good thing? Nobody draws voxels, graphics cards aren't good at them. I don't know about these engines in particular, but in minecraft everything is converted to polygon meshes. Just a few thoughts on the solution... If you find a way to not jumble the socks as you fish around, you will be able to remember their locations. (up to a certain number) The human brain is very parallel in it's image recognition, if your socks look different enough just placing your gaze in the general vicinity will lead to a match. As you find pairs, the stack size gets smaller. (making the above two effects increase their strength) Some socks will have multiple valid 'buddy' socks. (think a pack of identical socks... each sock will match any other) So, version one: - Spread your socks out all over the floor/table - Pick up a sock that appears to be the most common. (you can optimize this later by memorizing the 5 or so types of socks you have the most of) - Find a matching sock, return to step two. Hopefully, this will allow the decreasing pile size to counteract the depletion of easily-matched socks, keeping the whole thing under your brain's limits for parallel sock matching. (I'm posting this here because I'd like some peer review before I make my answer final.) Tweets have a known level of volatility and a strict maximum length. Websites are 100% unpredictable. Why not take advantage of the known tweet properties to optimize this case? Isn't all wine made from grapes? If your life depended on the bug being fixed, articles like that would be justified... (even if they can only help .01% that's still worth it.) It describes the relationship between the X and Y coordinates of the blue circles found at http://bost.ocks.org/mike/d3/workshop/dot-chart.html . Also, it looks like a ballistic trajectory. The ballistic trajectory computed by ENIAC in it's first demonstration took (i think) about 15 seconds to compute. Perhaps this is a set of snapshots of what position the computer was thinking about, over time? Well, let's be fair... the method the article describes is a bit better than random. It's just asking for a work sample, except the work you are asking for is efficient communication. I doubt the "inventor" of this method really thought it was the one true question, we can attribute that tone to the author of the article. Who is that? I've never heard of her up until now. Check your computer's date/time, that has been the cause of false ssl negatives for me in the past. Maybe, in the model, the differences persisted but decreased (or increased?). Also, perhaps the model isn't given as much scientific weight as the author of the article indicated. (It's been something I have wondered about... given how hard it is for us to predict the weather, how can we possibly find long-term climate models useful?) It would have no way to generate suction. However, if you moved the space hover INTO the dust, you could have a mechanical trap inside. EDIT: Looks like I was a bit late, I wrote this comment ~hour ago but didn't post it till now. :P > If you wanna have fun writing assembly language, pick a processor microarchitecture that you can comfortably fit in your head, and an environment where you'll only have to deal with one or two implementations of that microarchitecture. For those of you who read this and want to try it out, I highly recommend the Propeller. The transistors were for the most part laid out by a single guy, using only his brain and the silicon-tracing equivalent of notepad, but it is powerful enough to run about the same applications you might find on a commodore64. http://www.parallax.com/propeller/ I hate to be "That Guy", but I can't say I like the fact that I can't reduce fontsize with crtl+zoom. Tangent: Can anyone who knows more about javascript tell me why so many websites disable default features? I mean, isn't that, like, more work ? Every bit of metal acts like an antenna. You could think of it as the receiver creating it's own signal that counteracts the transmitter. (Powered, of course, by the transmitter itself.) Better TL;DR: The author points out that the meaning has changed over time from the initial meaning of "superuser" to "switch user", due to feature creep. Well, to be fair it's harder to type User than it is to miss your rightclick by something that could have only been a few pixels. "This page is best viewed with Google Explorer" It looks like the page is doing something funny with javascript to render the bars, why not just use good old css? Well, it wasn't the employee that was getting the money. However, on a larger scale, I would tend to agree that stores that sell expensive things hire better salesmen. Google's cache: (the site is down as I am typing this.) http://webcache.googleusercontent.com/search?q=cache:h6o6.co... Octal is base 8. Base 8(7,10,11) becomes Decimal(7,8,9). 7 8 9 is from the old joke where seven ate nine. I don't see how that would stop what the grandparent was talking about. Go to single page->enter email->unsubscribed Yeah, I've always wondered about that... I have a small number of games in my library, maybe 12, and I only have 3 of them installed on this computer. If they went out of business, it would be physically impossible for them to send me the files. Yes, I know they could have some sort of "graceful shutdown period", but what if I don't hear about it? You can use it for your needs until the stock market crashes. ;) Depression seems to be defined (or at least is talked about like) a set of symptoms. As far as I can see, it's like the observed state of data corruption: there are many, many things that can cause that, some being an order of magnitude easier to fix than others. Sometimes people feel horrible for a real reason, but don't know why. It would be foolish to medicate that away. "Hidden navigation on http://orangesprocket.com/ is a design decision." Auto-playing midi music is also a design decision. I agree, calling it html5 is a bit off, but the complaints are justified. So, now we have merchants with no store, no warehouse and no inventory... what exactly is left for the merchant to do? Perhaps your are confusing stress with a sense of urgency? Languages are a lot like startups, they take forever to gain traction. I suppose I was thinking about the wrong kind of product, I now realize it would be much more viable for one-time small purchases than it would be for repeated purchases or large purchases. (where the incentive to cut out the middleman would be powerful) I hear this happens a lot, but how can we stop it? I've thought about it and it seems an awful lot like anti-piracy measures... anything we might be able to do to prevent it would negatively impact it's utility to legitimate users. Tool not get rid of all dust, only dust tool can get to. There's a very big difference between a tool that gets rid of all dust, and a tool that only gets rid of a small subset of dust. It may be a specific, but so is the fact that it gets rid of dust... Today on HN: Math analogy spawns discussion on marketing copy and the properties of vacuum cleaners. Can someone explain to me why anyone would want to sue the python foundation? I mean, maybe if the company was unrelated to programming... but a hosting company? Wouldn't they know? Yes, if only craigslist had better design, then maybe people would use it... If facebook was 1000x more promising than his audio software then it would be about the same. Nailguns are a pretty pathetic tool for you guys to keep projecting as a tool to be proud of. Screwdrivers, on the other hand, I will respect. I think the point is they don't have to be an angel for you to trust them. If they were to do what Google is doing now, they would loose a tremendous amount of money. I think we all trust them to not want to loose money. The link to the Facebook post about how she got fired from sendgrid got removed as well, so it is most likely that people just don't want us to be talking about this. That's like saying you can't implement python in x86... if it can run code, it can run code. It's been said elsewhere, but you musn't forget that the python interpreter itself must be compiled. The pypy project is a python interpreter written in a restricted subset of python (rpython), and it would be doable to make the rpython compiler output asm.js. Yes, we must not pay the scientists, we must pay the visionaries! How can we have science without the visionaries to see the science and tell us about it? There's nothing absurd about deflation. If you took 50% of all the money out of the world, the money that was left would be worth twice as much. Measuring labor-saving devices by how much labor they save is a great idea. But, how would you apply this to things that don't augment or replace human abilities? (Eg, spacesuits.) Edit: It just hit me, a spacesuit sitting on a shelf has absolutely no value. Only when used for something does it have worth. So, since the biggest practical purpose of spacesuits is keeping people safe while they fix things in space, the labor worth of a spacesuit is the cost of building a robot to replace it and the human inside it, minus the cost of the human. If the spacesuit is being used to so something a robot could do better, (like, say, hold a camera steady in orbit) then the labor value of the spacesuit is negative. "Remote controls"? I think the point is that all the redundant computers check on eachother, and it is very unlikely for the majority of computers to have the exact same fault at the exact same time. I recall hard realtime as being defined by an answer being worthless if it is late. If you are rocketing through the air, you can fire your rockets a few msec late, and as long as you compensate later nothing will break. I imagine that if you are going into space, finding energy to run the computers should not be that hard. I am not sure about the falcon, but I know many jet planes simply attach a generator to the turbines. According to http://airandspace.si.edu/exhibitions/attm/a11.jo.fc.1.html , both Apollo and Gemini got power from fuel cells. The list in the article is: -The Opportunity to Make Significant Contributions -The Chance to Build Something Meaningful -Your Great Team -The Possibility of Making a Lot of Money If I knew your email, I could make an account on a website in your name without you knowing. We will need a really good caching/disk space management system before this could really be used for much, is anyone working on that? SNES appears not to be a technology, it's a research group. http://www.sens.org/ Humorously, I can't find where on their website the acronym is defined. Also, most of the pages in the research section advise us to read Ending Aging , a book written by the foundation's "Chief Science Officer". " It’s possible that the increased number of folds and fissures in Einstein’s prefrontal cortex contributed to his ability to carry out his famous thought experiments, such as imagining himself traveling alongside a beam of light. " " The photos also showed a part of Einstein’s right somatosensory cortex was enlarged. The area, which processes sensory information from the left hand, is thought to have overdeveloped due to his extensive violin playing. " In one paragraph, they assume that the 'shape' of his brain was responsible for his abilities, in the next paragraph they talk about how his learned abilities changed the shape of his brain... I think you are missing his logic: It doesn't matter what the nonstandard group can produce , it matters what the bosses think they can produce. If I think someone is worth $4/h, I won't pay them more, even if I am wrong. Mind revealing to us how you made it so fast? Your site feels faster than even YouTube search... I'd like to point out that all the fourth cone can really do is give you a higher resolution... nobody can see infrared or ultraviolet. How do you know the difference between a cloud and a snowy/white sand area of ground? Then you would have to have millions of buttons for the millions of things people do with files. The beauty of the filesystem is that a single function (save) can be extended by other programs into many things. (Source control, file transfer, editing in another program, ect.) It's easier to "sign" an online petition than to send a letter to one of your representatives, if people click once and then feel like they have had their say then much of the people's voice will be lost. Maybe it was your browser? I've had firefox auto-fill forms on websites I have never been to before. Maybe we should just say that anyone can hack anything, and that everything should be secure. Unlike in real life, an attempted but failed attack will do no damage, ever. I've never seen a bright chemical reaction that wasn't really hot. Can a practical level of light even come out of a test tube? Edit: Also, just hit me: How in the world would a potted plant in my living room absorb collect even 20 watts of energy? This would need you to seriously redesign almost everything about the modern house if you wanted to use it. I understand that stuff can glow, but notice that those pictures don't even have things visible 5 feet away. I suppose the long-term solution to this problem will be to computer-generate the layouts based on basic level design theory, and then have artists glance at them to check for errors. Minecraft can auto-generate some pretty interesting cave formations, maybe with a real budget, a team and the advantages of pregeneration you could do a lot better. If you made a list of everyone who picks a language by it's name, you wold not find anyone on that list who would like this language. What does this use that is only supported by chrome? Why do we care how much money other people make? It seems like an unhealthy fascination. Further down in the tweet thread, it is stated that they would seal the section off. If it was leaking too fast they would determine if the Soyuz could be used as an escape pod. (NOTE: There are a few tweets in the thread claiming things that were obviously not true, this might be false as well.) "How can something move, and keep moving forever, without expending energy? It seemed an absurd idea — a major break from the accepted laws of physics." An object in motion will remain in motion, until acted on by an external force. The real interesting thing here is that something can move, but have no energy - potential or otherwise. Unlike things we are used to, if a time crystal train hit you you wouldn't feel a thing. (Well, not exactly, but it gets the point across.) Confusion, when followed by positive words, can make people happier sometimes. (Wow, I sure am glad they are so smart!) I don't really see a big drawback to inserting a few extra words, if those words might get reputable people to say that the bad thing that just happened wasn't really so bad. I know it's just a dream, but why can't we build one here? Maybe if one of those hackerspaces took off... Having money and having valuable information are not 100% correlated. Therefore, showing only information published by the people with the will and the means to promote it will always have some problems. Elsewhere on the website, they discuss a few reasons why they think they are more likely to complete their mission than others who have attempted. Sadly, a couple of their points seem a bit iffy: - Simple rovers – Through the use of relatively simple rovers, designed to conduct basic settlement construction prior to human astronaut arrival, saving both time and cost. I'm not a professional aerospace engineer, but construction robots seem just a bit more complicated than picture-taking robots. (oversimplification, but you get my point.) If it's so much easier, how come robots aren't building houses here on earth? - No new developments – The entire plan revolves around the use of existing, validated technology The falcon heavy hasn't even been built yet, I don't know how they can say this. I'm sorry, but I can't resist: Isn't the cap theorem irrelevant, because true network partitions never happen in the real world? If a link fails, an administrator will fix it eventually. With any system implementing ACK packets (tcp is one example) a link that fails but is then fixed is the same as a very slow link. I don't think he really debunked it there, he just came up with a way around it. If you accept what the theorem assumes about your system, then the cap theorem applies to you. Any system that squirrels away from it's assumptions can be said to "beat" it, but only in a practical sense. We can turn the link catch into something practical and real by having redundant linking hardware and a really good sysadmin team. When your network going down is just as unlikely as all your servers going down at the same time you can be said to have won. The only reason humans can do this is because our language interpreter is separate and parallel to our language parser. Unless we are making a language processing chip (transistors can be fully parallel) we want to avoid wasting work. Neurons are a bit like transistors, it's a lot harder for them to rewire than for them to perform their already-assigned task. As a result, it is most efficient to have blobs of neurons configure into task regions and do the same thing over and over. If you've already got a hardwired parser and a hardwired interpreter, there's really no reason to not have them run in parallel. (We have plenty of calories to run all the neurons that we need to, so any small chance of a benefit is worth a try.) "Kodak employed 140,000 people. Instagram, 13." I was not aware that instagram manufactured cameras or mass storage devices. Cannon employs 198,307. I think they limit the length so that the emails can be examined. You wouldn't want someone DOSing the wardens and sneaking a message out via the whitespace characters. I don't get why it would be so horrible for someone to not hand-assemble something they sell on Etsy, can someone please explain? (Yes, I know it's against the point of the site, but is it really worth terminating a product? Why not just post a notice?) Last I checked the policy, some went to Google but most to the producer. It's a pretty significant cut, some people make their living off of Youtube. Minecraft is very popular with many successful Youtube "stars", if Mojang were to take a cut there would be a lot of vocal dissatisfaction. The money already goes to the uploaders. It's a combination of both, as well as a large number of other factors. Google has a list here: https://support.google.com/analytics/answer/1032321?hl=en When a big emotional upset is involved, it is important to separate the faulty math from the real evidence. They could claim millions of dollars in loss and it still wouldn't change the fact that they were stolen from. Just a tip, HN frowns on memes and other low-density information formats. (treating it like reddit will result in lots of downvotes) "We said, 'To heck with electromagnetic, we're going with electrostatic,'" Post says, laughing. It's clearly not just a normal flywheel, perhaps it can convert some other energy form into electricity? (We call them "generators" don't we?) The math might be easier, but the physics is much harder. How do you 3D-print a metal object? It's an easier bet to say that computing power will continue to increase than it is to say some magical high temperature sintering process will be made for home use. "Keith B. Alexander (born December 2, 1951) is the current Director, National Security Agency (DIRNSA), Chief, Central Security Service (CHCSS) and Commander, United States Cyber Command." -wikipedia Field-programmable gate array. When you need an FPGA, you need an FGPA. I don't think anyone would spec out one gate at a time if C and an operating system could cut it. You could use the battery controller to implement restrictions. (E.g. allow it to be run flat only once per owner per month) or perhaps simply log the stresses they put on the unit and charge accordingly. Here's one: the large number of unwilling human test subjects we will need in order to really tell exactly what genes need to be changed, and why. (Modifying the genes of someone with a simple mutation like downs syndrome is a lot simpler, though.) 4 year olds from India are not the target audience of the New York Times. It's a good thing when something known to one culture is shared with another. If a frequency has to go right through you without loosing energy, then none of the energy can be put in to modifying neurons. Of course, you could do like they do with radiation therapy and have lots of low-absorption beams converge on a single spot. Yes, database fuzzers exist. ( http://sqlmap.org ) To answer your second question, Standard Query Language is very, very complicated, and you would have to be a genius to make a proper input scrubber. That's why you are supposed to use things like parameterized queries and bypass the danger of sql injection entirely. However, security mistakes still happen, and you should code in such a way that database leaks are not catastrophic. The peters projection doesn't solve the size problems, it just moves them around. http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Dymaxion_map If you are interested in a size-accurate map, you can't get much better than that. Insurance is not intended to pay out more money than you put in, it is intended to prevent gambler's ruin. Some extra money when you are in trouble is worth more than the money itself, it is also worth the trouble it gets you out of. Heat, ocean waves and the earth's rotation are so many orders of magnitude apart in terms of frequency that a machine designed to dampen one could not possibly have an effect on the others. No need to exit the solar system, just ram them into the moon. I've heard that spaceX wants to get it down to about $500 per pound to orbit in the near future, and according to Advanced Inorganic Chemistry: Vollume II (found on Google), it costs about 200,000 dollars per kilogram for earthbound atomic waste disposal. Other than the danger of the rocket crashing back to earth, this sounds very reasonable! In regular dogfooding, you would give up if your product was so bad it prevented you from working on anything. I think the extreme here means they are trying to make failures as painful for themselves as possible, even if doing so makes it harder to resolve those failures. Considering that anyone trying to sell that much bitcoin at once would pretty much crash the currency, how much is it really worth? Perhaps some kind of revolutionary mathematical fact could be worth even more? This is a very interesting question. EDIT: A lot of people responding to me seem to be trying to contradict my argument by pointing out that if it was true, it would be true for almost everything. I don't get how that works, because it is true of everything! Flooding the market will always reduce the value of what you are selling. It takes less energy to change your orbital inclination (think "angle") from the orbit they are putting it in than from geosynchronous. Once it reaches the right inclination, they will put into the final orbit having used less fuel than they would have if they had launched it directly. I'd imagine the vibration would quickly drain the energy stored in an analog watch's spring. What if it's easier to build a utopia than a starship? We already have way more money going into entertainment than into space exploration, it's not that hard to imagine that all sentient species eventually learn how to hack themselves into permanent happiness, and then conclude they have no reason to risk death on the final frontier. The inverse square law of force strength falloff would make it very hard to scale this linearly, that combined with the fact that weight increases with the cube of size means that the magnets involved would have to be incredibly strong. Not impossibly strong mind you, if magnets can hold a hundred ton train car off the ground I am sure they could slow the fall of an elevator. I'd not want to be inside that elevator with anything magnetic in my pocket, though. You linked to a very interesting looking game, but I can't help but wonder, did you make it? Why is it good to stop people from cheating on a single player game? "Online game console"? You mean like Miniclip was back in the flash days? You could do that on an enemy controlled line, without anywhere near the expense. Movie CGI is already photorealistic. Minecraft is not. You can add an arbitrary (and exponentially growing) computational cost to your game by making the world more dynamic. The games we look at today as paragons of cg advancent are really just static meshes with a few small entities running around. Any step away from pre-baked, pre-compiled and pre-made content will easily consume as many years of tech advancement as you let it. (For evidence, look at how long a modern level editor takes to bake in something as relatively simple as lighting.) I don't see what is inherently bad about that. If there is a route drivers don't want to take, shouldn't the free market push the price higher until they see it as worth it? (While per-route pricing differences might add complexity, that's exactly the sort of complexity a software company should be able to handle.) A person who develops is not 100% developer. You can have more than 100% of a job by cutting into your personal time. ;) Is it just me or are the strips... just not that funny? All three of them are basicly the same joke, with one containing a minor reference to Watterson's page formatting preferences. Now that I think of it, that's really par for the course (or maybe a birdie) for newspaper comic strips in general. I guess it just seems strange to see the world's best living cartoonist come out of the fortress of solitude and do something other than leave the audience in tears of profundity. The halting problem only applies to full Turing machines, and their equivalents. So, a compression algorithm based on x86 assembly is uncheckable, but one based on a restricted format like .zip would be fine. Or, you could just give it a time limit. To put 100,000 amperes in perspective, that's about a 10x-above-average lightning strike, like the one that hit right before the launch of Apollo 15. The reason this is significant is because the current was flowing through a superconductor, and so would flow forever (well, forever-ish). Imagine the biggest bolt of lightning you've ever seen, and then imagine it going around in circles inside a loop about the size of a person. But wouldn't there be an equal chance of the mutation reversing itself? This is true in digital transmissions, why not in DNA? Nobody ever rubbernecks an open road. Is it possible that the world we live in is so nice that almost all of the out-of-the-ordinary things that happen are bad things? People still cheer on news like the Philae landing, but highway overpasses being completed on time is the very incarnation of met expectations. This battery doesn't generate energy from carbon dioxide, it generates energy from silver plated guitar wire and aluminum foil. It is probable that like in most batteries the electrolyte (and therefore the CO2) isn't even being consumed. Now, by no means is there anything wrong with experimenting with silly inventions, and I am sure he learned a lot from this, but it does kind of confuse me that he was awarded $25,000! 3M employs hundreds of chemists. Couldn't the judges just ask for someone to explain the winning entry to them? There is a bit of a parable I hear told sometimes when this topic comes up: A man is being taught how computers work, and is presented with the design of an adder in the form of a few Boolean logic expressions. Thinking back to the true "reality" of addition, he rejects the design of the adder on the grounds that nand gates have no apparent connection to the sensible reality of having 5 apples and 3 oranges and 8 fruits. This would be considered a ridiculous objection in every field but physics, where misunderstandings following from it have become the basis of many bestsellers. For some reason, we consider the math involved in physics to be exempt from the otherwise universal sense of abstraction that all the other fields enjoy. We don't go looking for tiny calculators in bacteria capable of plotting out exponential population growth, so why should the weirdness of quantum math cause so much trouble? "Because LEDs are essentially microchips, they can be programmed." This is incorrect. The die process size (and chemistry) used for making LEDs would make absolutely terrible microchips. All programmable signs have separate control chips. In some sense yes, but not in a way relevant to most jobs. Knowing which officials to bribe might also be considered a form of merit, but it adds nothing to the world and should not be rewarded. It's interesting to me how the art world seems to stand alone on their opinion about copies. Literature, music, software... in every other area we believe that if a copy can't be told from its master they must both have equal value. I can't imagine someone saying that they'd rather buy the hard drive someone saved their work on instead of a copy transmitted over the network. Maybe art collectors are wrong about forgeries - if forgeries don't provide the same mental dividend that real paintings do, wouldn't you be able to tell the difference without an X-ray machine? This is just a wild shot in the dark, but maybe those in the humanities are abnormally good at reading? Like, if a lit major said the math in a CS paper was hard to follow nobody would bat an eye. It's true that all of humanity will benefit, but it's also true that a very specific subset of humanity payed for it. Look at it from a purely practical perspective - it is absolutely unnecessary for anyone outside of America to like this program! The American voting public took on all of the downsides of this program (the expense, mainly). They hold complete control over its existence, and the existence of many missions like it. Patriotism motivates people, and until we start frequently sending international space probes it seems pretty useful to me. You can't factor out ESL,etc students. Resources can't be spent on them without diverting them from others, and there is no way to know what we could have done if we didn't need to divert those resources. Time can be a dimension and still be treated differently. In fact, in special relativity, it is. When calculating the spacetime "distance" between two events, we use something that looks like the Pythagorean theorem, but we must always make sure to put a different sign in front of time than we do space. (If we sum the squares of space, we must subtract the square of time) (see: minkowski metric, really any metric) Another point of interest would be the matrix representation of the Lorentz transformation (the way to go from one reference frame to another). The matrix "mixes" the values of the time coordinate with the space coordinates, and the space coordinates with each other, but time is mixed differently. (This is a nice one to bring up because its clear if you just look at the matrix.) This is very significant for people wondering about time's status as a dimension. It is emphatically not the same kind of dimension as space, even if we choose to represent it as a component of the position vector. Something about this feels off, but I had to think about it for a bit before I realized why. The $63 dollar debt limit is acceptable because the random walk will (apparently) almost never go over this number. That is, the difference between this and nothing is at most $63 dollars worth of avoided inequality. What kind of relationship would someone have to have in order to not want to give their significant other a gift of $63 dollars, total over the entire relationship? You could generate 100% "certainty" about the results of a coin toss if you threw everyone who didn't think it would come up heads out of the room. If you can't convince someone who doesn't already agree, you shouldn't be allowed to claim knowledge, only opinion. (Note: This doesn't mean you aren't right, just that our social mechanism of truth-finding shouldn't trust you implicitly.) To be poor - to really be poor - is to live under the constant stress of unexpected payments and unexpected interruptions in your ability to pay the bills you see comming. To be poor is to have to really think about every small purchase, every half mile driven. Living from paycheck to three days before the next paycheck is not a pain that can be pacified with distraction. (Those people buried in their smartphones aren't reading the Wikipedia page on Haskell...) Have you ever seen the interest on a payday loan? What situation would someone have to be in to make that a good idea? Surely, if the internet could help people that much, nobody would go for it. I've seen both - you are confusing poor with idle. I think one of the greatest difficulties in completely automated mathematics would be the discovery of mostly those things which are interesting . If computer mathematics is ever to diverge from human thinking, someone must pay to keep the lights on. Since nobody would pay for random points in theorem-space, it must have some way of figuring out what the human brains down at the breaker box actually want. This to me looks a lot like the problem of computer automated storytelling or even art. Also, I don't think the alien-ness of computer proofs is a given. Perhaps someday some psychologist or philosopher might work out exactly what our cognition likes to work with, upon which time you could write a proof compiler that outputted those things. That raises and interesting question. Can all interesting proofs be built with human-friendly steps? Maybe that's why we haven't worked out P and NP. Why can't one of the pharmacies open up a second store on the other side of their competitor? Then instead of the service areas , shop A could have . Presidential candidates and choices in the "I am thinking of a number between one and ten" game can't expand to second locations, but businesses can. In addition, if the pharmacy can't afford an expansion, a competitor could start up and secure n-1 of B's traffic by being slightly rightmore. I think you make it sound more callous and arbitrary than it is. It's simple: we have an alliance with dogs and treat them as our friends. Had truffle pigs been as common as hunting dogs, we wouldn't eat as much bacon. Now that this alliance is vestigial, we may see it decay - perhaps you don't believe in it. Honestly, we probably feel more brotherhood with our work animals than we do with citizens of opposing countries. Makes sense, if someone came to rob your house the Soviets wouldn't bark. Then, there is the idea that dogs reciprocate. We know at least some do, and we know that nearly every dog owner will claim that theirs does, and we know that a sufficiently inbred poodle won't have the faculty for it. Ether way, we are all told that dogs our our buddies who want to help us. Who would eat a buddy that wanted to help you? How many bacon-eaters think that the pig would, if it could, keep them safe and help them find other things to eat? Probably none. (Note: I know that there are pig pets. Maybe they are friends, like dogs. If that's true, get the word out and porkchops stop tomorrow.) The "business guy's" job is exactly to manuver things into positions. He specializes in making more money! You hire him to do that for the company, but the good ones have side projects. Intelligence allows you to search through ideas faster. This is worth nothing if you are evaluating them badly. It doesn't matter if you are the greatest geinus to ever live - if you are looking for a reason to believe what you already want to, being smart just means you find it. "You can always design a cryptosystem that you yourself cannot break." Humility and an open mind are probably worth more than intelligence in this way. I think we can put this issue to rest with a language note. I think we can all agree that most brains' classifiers have associated corporate ownership with men. So, saying it's a corporation and then saying it's female-owned cancels out to (gut feeling, perceived) neutral, or at worst goes over to slightly female-biased. Saying it's a corporation and then saying it's male-owned would have double intensity, and go over the edge. If you don't already think of corporate ownership as male, then emphasizing female ownership would push it over the (female-wards) edge for you . If the table stretches from -1 to 1, 1-2 is OK while 0-2 is not. You don't need to know how to prove a big-O to optimize an algorithm. Anyone who can think about what their code is doing will have at least some sense of how much it is doing. Honestly, I don't think calculating the O(f(n)) is ever worth it outside of academia. Intuition is only slightly worse, and it is just so much time-cheaper. What I'm really interested in seeing is a workplace entirely run by Capricorns. I've never seen evidence that Millennials exist as a group at all. Is it a negative horoscope published once a decade? M(n) = floor[A^3^n] The above will give you primes, so long as A is filled in with the right constant. So, in a strange way, you might imagine A as number that has information about primes written inside of it. The formula could be thought of as a decompressor to get that information out. In a similar way, could some of our physical constants be "hiding" structure inside of them? If we got all of the structure out and into math, could we end up with a constant-less physics? Basic research, in the short term, can only be motivated by a thirst for knowledge. The kind of psychology that allows us to devote our lives to things that will only show up on a factory floor years after our death is absolutely different than the kind of psychology that drives us to till the fields and pivot our verticals. The fact is, no self-utility optimizing human will see with a horizon beyond one lifetime. Governments can barely do it, and corporations can hardly see into the next quarter. It feels like the author has missed the point of philosophy entirely. If some Chinese philosophical paper is very good, it should be evaluated on its merits and folded in to an appropriate course for that topic. Philosophers believe at least, that they are doing work more along the lines of mathematics than underwater dance (that is, searching for truth). Nobody would ever dream of arguing against eurocentrism in number theory - and the concept of "cultural worth" would be equally out of place in any good institution of philosophy. If you think an idea is worth teaching just because it came from a certain culture , you must not care if it's right. That mindset works well in the purely creative disciplines but should have no place outside. Interesting. Yale seems like an outlier here - Stanford's program only has two history of philosophy courses[1]. It's possible that, for better or worse, the ivy league mindest is to focus on the foundation of our own legal system. (A huge number of lawyers start in philosophy.) Still, history isn't the same as philosophy. At my university, Aristotle is actually mostly studied by the classics department. http://exploredegrees.stanford.edu/schoolofhumanitiesandscie... If we were too nice to kids, adults would start using them as park salsepeople - imagine a "lemonade stand kit." I think the system of "police look the other way" actually works really well here, as it prevents anyone from building something too socially awful. Our positive sentiment would evaporate pretty quickly if every visit to a public place entailed saying "no" to a constant stream of girl scouts. >"Taking Adderall to study doesn't make you less competent at the subject in question" What happens when you stop taking it? We frown upon doping in school for the same reason we frown upon it in sports. It creates an environment where people are forced to deal with the side effects to compete, or receive a lower grade. Employers will expect that you continue your performance outside of school. If you stop doping after school, your employer will notice the new correlation between GPA and performance - hurting those with legitimate work ethic and skill. If you don't stop doping, you will start to experience some serious health issues. (Even if employers don't think that GPA matters, so long as any significant number hire based on it the zero-sum fault will persist.) If you send them something of economic value, there is no way to prove that it was thrown away. There is also no reason to throw it away - they should just pay you. If you work for free, you are... working for free. That's the reaction that got it as far as manufacturing. What's there to keep people engaged once it becomes normal? Hopefully this will turn out more like 3D graphics than 3D movies. "A well-­rounded liberal arts degree establishes a foundation of critical thinking." There are enough truly bad Liberal Arts degrees out there that the more difficult ones (philosophy and economics spring to mind, at least at my school) get dinged by proximity. What people are really worried about hiring is someone with four years of multiple choice and BSssays under their belt - that is, experience only in perverting performance metrics. A college experience like that is almost impossible in STEM, rare in a few LA fields and extremely common in the rest. Also: taking the initiative to learn to program and switch careers is a strong signal that you weren't one of the people who tried to engineer their good school into behaving like a degree mill. >"The 'you' can be the other partner." Our culture's acceptance of stay-at-home dads has not neutralized in step with its acceptance of working women. As relationships link people into social units, social costs imposed on men can counter-intuitively harm women. I'd support that. Elememtary textbooks contain almost exclusively the seminal theories that we are very sure about. If we expressed our certianty there, kids might get the idea that all of science is similarly so. In science, "the evidence suggests..." is a very high seal of approval. I'd place more emphasis on making them understand that than I would on adding a few nines to their certianty that the earth is round. >They are simply the same thing. Not really, not in any useful way. To draw an analogy to computers, a "lesioned" transistor can be expected to produce an entirely different class of bug than an incorrect line of code. While a missing semicolon is technically a case of misplaced electrons, it really wouldn't be helpful to think of it in the same way you would think of 50,000V of misplaced static charge. >Cool, like what? Regular environmental damage, for one. We still have lots of forest-burning and toxic chemical exposure around the world. In fact, a major extinction is going on in the Amazon right now because of deforestation. We could also throw in public health crises like heart disease and diabetes - like climate, we may be able to improve those by changing our behavior. It is absolutely the case the case that present human and environmental health is under greatest assault by things other than climate. This is not to make climate less, but to point out that other problems loom a little larger than most people think. > "But if scientists can verify that these paired photons really are being pushed out the back, sh/t's going to get real for EM drives, because it'll help engineers design better cavities and produce even more thrust." That sounds to me like an easier way to test the theory than building an interferometer sensitive enough to detect gravity from photons (as the article suggests). Just build a cavity according to models based on the theory and see if it works better! I'm pretty sure that would be mechanically impossible - the brain is very plastic, but touch-into-sight seems a little far for adult learning. Instead, you could expect this to feel more like acquiring a new sense - the experience reported by those who have used pager vibrators to give their body a compass[1]. [1] http://www.thinkgeek.com/product/f358/ (sorry, I couldn't find a better source - but the product description explains it) A conflict between two people only needs one of them to start it. The FBI does not consent to the existence of crime, nor did the Crown consent to the existence of the US. A crushingly-powerful global omni-state could only win battles, not end the game. If you tried to prevent conflict by making people afraid to start it, then you would really just end up holding yourself in perpetual conflict with everyone. Children are an absolutely massive financial net-negative for all quality-of-life levels above the poverty line, and a few below. They will contribute to society far above their cost, but never pay back their parents. Maybe we should subsidize childcare more ? Surely, that would better align parent's benefit with civilization's. Knowingly selling to criminals on the other hand... Really, those are two different things entirely. The soldiers who fought for the south were people's family members, and honoring their memory had evolved into a statement against the cultural erosion that many in the south are upset by. It's possible that plantation owners started the war to protect their slave holdings, but I assure you that no poor unlanded Confederate rifleman died thinking about it. Well, if we are talking about not-yet-invented stuff, we might also someday have feasible artificial hydrocarbons or corn-fuel farms run with electric combines. Nether one of those would require a fundamental change in car design. It is true that Microsoft has been behaving well lately (GWX aside,) but it is also the case that their getting-away-with-it power is at an all time low. Microsoft would benefit if they could do all of these anti-consumer things, but that recent stampede towards Linux proved that the tennantry can be easily spooked and dangerous when on the move. Developers are leaving windows to work on Linux and Mac, to the extent that I have not seen a start menu on a single laptop in the entire CS department. If, at some point in the future we all ended up locked in to .net, I would be surprised if Microsoft's management continued their support of these charitable projects. In that light, I think it would be wise for us to avoid getting locked back in - so that Windows might continue moving towards being a nice place to work. >People can be independent and still have ideas congruent with a single political party. Yes, but what are the odds ? It'd be an awful lot more believable-when-seen if we didn't have a special built-in bias mechanism whose function is to create exactly that situation. There's no thick atmosphere like ten feet of water. The frequency absorption of water has a small window around visible light and a sold wall around it. [1] Maybe the danger of building telescopes on the surface (and the rapid attenuation of their home medium) is why they haven't built any radios to chat with us. ;) [1] http://hyperphysics.phy-astr.gsu.edu/hbase/chemical/watabs.h... You can have culture, tools and electrochemistry underwater. >`The end user doesn't care.` They care about bugs, vulnerabilities, and third-party quality issues - all of which a bad language/framework will help you to have. Human beings are the original proof engines, so I'm sure that a great programmer could perform amazing type checking in any language. I'm sure they could also architect their way around Java's weak points with Abstract Factory Patterns, xor hand-tune their code for the JVM JIT to be only 1.9x slower than a naive C implementation (See: what they had to do for Minecraft). But, why? It's easier to learn the syntax for a good compiler than it is to implement one in your head... Once your brain scan is a torrent, you'd better hope that nobody starts the Fourth Great Revival. You might feel safe now, but can you really know for sure that you will never step out of lockstep with the ruling party? What about all future ruling parties? What happens if an easily-offended future regime finds your archived brainscan and decides that an opinion that is OK today makes you then in their eyes like a former Klansman? But being unpopular can result in your material harm - people won't want to do business with you. "Each of 4 white, ignorant, racist asshole police officers." While he was probably trying to use it in an aggressive sense, I'd avoid getting too offended. You can't expect people to talk nicely right after being wronged like that. If I were telling people about something like that I would try to speak as calmly as possible, but I'd be pretty upset if someone found a slip-up as an excuse to ignore me. If only insurance companies had some sort of pressure to reduce costs and prices. Some sort of... market.. pressure... It's possible that the mistake was intentional. Maybe he wanted her to be exposed. If you like this, check out minetest too. (minetest.net) Its got rendering improved over Mojang's Minecraft (with built-in shader support,) infinite world size in all directions (not just horizontally), and a very high-performance C++ implementation. It also has a very well-supported and well documented mod API, and an active community. You should check it out. > ...the objects of interest always seem to lie on/near lower-dimensional manifolds embedded in a high-dimensional input space. Maybe that's because reality is high-dimensional but our brains can only classify interesting things on or near a lower-dimensional manifold. All of our cereal crops are planted and harvested every year. They won't have time to accumulate the damage that we need to shield humans from. Also, plants seem to handle radiation very well - see the growth around Chernobyl[1]. (Note: The danger of eating Chernobyl's foliage is not that it has been irradiated, but that it has ingested radioactive material. That shouldn't happen with cosmic rays.) [1] https://www.acs.org/content/acs/en/pressroom/presspacs/2010/... How will they know which adds are yours? The CMS is off-brand and priceonomics says they will host it. If this tragedy of the commons really kicks in, you can bet advertisers will start calling for FCC intervention... Minecraft bears absolutely no interface similarity to any other Microsoft product. What you're saying happens and is already happening with the educational discounts on MS Office, but Minecraft doesn't contribute to that at all. I can see that it might be creating familiarity with the company name (or is it? what fraction of people distinguish between OEM, OS and software vendor?), but unlike gas stations and hotels I don't see software as a place where that matters a lot. Simple - descendants of immigrants have momentum, and when they found their startups at home it doesn't mean much beyond there not being some horribly compelling reason to leave. Immigrants founding startups is proof that there is a potential gradient strong enough to uproot them and fly them across the ocean. >Can you elaborate? There are startup scenes in countries with lots of problems because people don't like to and can't always leave home. Because migration is a choice between countries, immigration statistics are a "market-y" way to look countries as places to work. For example, if we had a country with huge numbers of educated people but 40% unemployment, we would expect to see lots of web startups from people trying to find something to do - but this would not mean much for the health of their economy in the immediate term. We could pick up this signal by noticing that lots of people were leaving, indicating that being a founder doesn't have to have a positive expected value in order to be worth trying. Likewise, a country with a great college to corporate campus pipeline might have an artifically depressed startup scene. Curiously, overestimating leads to the correct behavior here: since attempting to control the ball has no cost, the only bad outcome would be deciding to not control it when you could have done so. This can be avoided by always attempting to control it. I wonder if the result of the study would persist if inaction was sometimes the right choice? We find astronomical information very useful in learning about our own part of the universe. Space is home to lots of plasma physics, all planetary geology beyond sample size one, and high energy events we might find it difficult to re-create, like the big bang. Even if in the end it's just pretty pictures (maybe you think every part of physics potentially relevant to engineers has been discovered), why don't space critics put the same heat on Hollwood? The real question here is why we spend billions on imaginary planets, but I've never heard it asked. I honestly don't think the number of natives in America were relevant at all to the conditions aboard the colonist's ships while at sea. Then you'd have a registry of Muslims (religion set before event) and dissenters. Possibly. If your rot13 takes longer to rotate a Z than it does and A, then it will leak your Zs through the AES. Similarly, you might accidentally write your own rot13 heartbleed. The interested party could just look at the timestamps and ignore everything posted after the date when contradictory information began to appear. If you moved and changed addresses without publishing your new location, (and if this was all you were trying to obscure), you would have no need to begin an elaborate chaffing campaign - the internet would already not know your address! Think of it in terms of the speed of the field relative to the size of the paper - you aren't going to see no-graphene to industrial-graphene in a month, but you might see Johnson's 8% graphene be replaced by Smith's 8.01% graphene. >* the fact that Google is not anonymous does give them a big advantage.* What if DDG allowed us to manually tell them information about our demographic in a way that wasn't stored on their servers and could be changed at will? If you want convenience, maybe there could be an optional client-side preference detector script that only offered possible configurations. "Earlier in the day, Trump ditched his press pool, traveling to play golf at one of his clubs without a pool of journalists on hand to ensure the public has knowledge of his whereabouts." It's a little bit off-topic, but I can't help but feel like this sentence contradicts itself. Turn the lights off in a room, and see how much of it your monitors can illuminate. Our eye's logarithmic response to light can end up confusing us about the mile-wide canyon between a glow and a light. Turn the lights off in a room, and see how much of it your monitors can illuminate. Our eye's logarithmic response to light can end up confusing us about the mile-wide canyon between a glow and a light. The author argues that when 'the plebs' (look, we know what you're getting at) come up with independent beliefs, serious mistakes can happen. There are some arguments about expertise, but the part that will stick out to most readers is the argument against "individuality." I'd like to point out that millions of perfectly aligned and polarized poor critical thinkers is a far more terrifying prospect. I disagree, we're so used to reading i that the (actually less phonetic) idx is really slightly harder to read. I take my bikesheds green, thank you. No, there's no (experimentally supported) theory that would work at all with an object going faster than light. It just isn't in the geometry - asking for a hyperbolic rotation that stretches your motion's vector past c is like trying to turn an apple around in your hand in a way that makes it twice as big. What they're doing here is based on the fact that you can make light move at under c if you force it to travel through a dielectric material. The c in E=mc^2 is the speed of light in a vacuum: not necessarily through a carefully designed atomic obstacle course. Before the scientific method, there was the philosophical "the idea that sounds the most convincing is true" method, and the biological "the ideas that my unconscious sensory system implants in me are true" method. It took a fairly long time for people to realize that the former's severe issue with many things sounding convincing could be addressed by carefully designing situations (experiments) where the latter would prune them down. We ask what people do because everybody does something, while only a fraction of people have hobbies. (Hobbies include people whose work is their hobby, and exclude people who happen to care deeply about more private, or at least bigger-than-smalltalk things.) While that may be true, the odds that something that hasn't happened in eight years could happen in 90 days are pretty small. Most of what agitated people was the order's execution, which involved some fallout that may have been avoidable. I wouldn't call this discrimination - I don't think HN has ever treated early-career projects with a light touch. There's a curmudgeonly atmosphere in nearly all of these threads! Well, you can claim a little moral superiority - humans are the only animals on earth that might choose to be vegitarian! Abstract rights like liberty and equality turn out to be rather cold comfort. That's a funny thing to say when the 'explosion' (implosion?) of Western values (in the he Western world) could best be characterized by the steady retreat of liberty and the rapidly forming divide between rich and poor. If you weren't on the rich side, I can honestly see how you would want to go back to when everybody was modernist and things were great. You know, to make things great again. Well, maybe they don't need to be unifiable - but GR and the standard model are outright contradictory ! We live in one universe, so there must be one true story about how it is. "Eberhard used these web-making mistakes as a proxy for cognitive capacity." That line seems kind of suspect from my armchair. Web-making isn't a general behavior, and could probably be assigned a certain optimal ammount of brain space as sight and other tasks were compromised to make room in smaller brains. How did the researchers deal with this? Here's the paper where Anderson explained his discovery of the positron: http://fermatslibrary.com/s/the-positive-electron It's quite tractable, and even has cool cloud chamber pictures of the trails of the objects claimed to be positrons ("Positive electrons," at the time.) I often hear the meme that the burden of proof lies on the person making the extroardanary claim, where I assme the "extraordinary" side is chosen by the ambient culture. This might be fair, but people should stop sticking to it with such fervor - the entire point of the scientific consensus is that there is lots of evidence for it lying around. It shouldn't be hard to find a little to share. Also, I'd like to point out that philisophical debates are the only environment in which idealism (or even social constructivism of science, for that matter) can survive! ;) If you are going to take the time to have a discussion, it will be more fruitful to educate, and share the (very interesting!) reasons behind the theories that we spend so much time studying. "So, in Borel’s view, most reals, with probability one, are mathematical fantasies, because there is no way to specify them uniquely." (Paraphrasing, because there are only countably many possible math papers that might describe a number.) I think Borel has confused names with things. The fact that we can only write down only countably many expressions for numbers doesn't mean that there are numbers that we may never write expressions for - only that in a single symbolic system we can't have expressions for all of them at once . Besides, if you confuse extant with useful you might end up believing that some random large integers aren't "there!" > 3. Create detection signatures for the exploit to run against Upstream collected internet communications. Yes, it's a good thing that very illegal cyberattacks are never done over encrypted channels. To catch the once-in-a-blue-moon hacker who has their bots log in to the mothership with ssh or something, we could just go ahead and let the government write ring-0 antivirus for us. The only signatures that could ever appear in the open would be from, very specifically, attacks on encryption implementations during startup (heartbleed attacked keepalive for example, so no help there). The attack surface of the application itself will always lie entirely behind the no-visiblity line. > "We're not bothered by qualifications or CVs. We just look at the candidate and work out who they are, are they Mr Grumpy, Mr Slow, Mr Happy? If you consider that presenting a cheerful face for customers is part of the retail job description, then the Mr. Men-themed interview is essentially a work sample. "If they tick all the right boxes then we put them in the shop for half the day." Which is followed by a longer work sample, it appears. NRO-39's patch (the one in the wiki article) caused a small controversy - the tentacles enveloping the world seemed like pretty poor taste in light of Snowden. They probably decided that their PR team needed to see them first from then on. Hello, computer. Integer main open parenthesis void close parenthesis open squigly brace. Newline. Bob, find some earphones and stop complaining. I'm​ not the one that pushed for open-plan. Computer, please delete the previous paragraph. Standard colon colon cee out less than less than double quote capital hello world exclamation point double quote semi-colon. Newline. Close squigly brace. By answer, he meant answer beyond conjecture. I can always wave my hands and suggest that drawing a special medicine wheel in the sand makes consciousness, or that arranging some information-theoretic properties in a certain way makes consciousness, depending on how mathematically difficult I'd like my pseudospirituality to be! Today, hobbyists build these computer for fun and to test their engineering mettle: http://www.nablaman.com/relay/ http://web.cecs.pdx.edu/~harry/Relay/ When evaluating the coordinate-invariant length of [x,y,z,t] (where time is just another number), we use the minkowski metric: xx+yy+zz - tt, where time is treated differently with the minus sign. (By xx, I mean x*x=x^2.) So, that's essentially where, "time is a dimension" comes from, and that's where it goes. Aside, if you're wondering what coordinate-invariant length really is: just think about the fact that looking at a house from different angles will not change the distance between the doors. This length is calculated with the Pythagorean theorem involving xx+yy+zz, and when you extend it to lengths which are also invariant under different choices of the time coordinate you arrive at xx+yy+zz-tt. To complete what has turned into a brief introduction to SR, note how differences in the most natural choice of the direction of time might arise: We want the path of a stationary object to involve no movement through space, only the required advance into the future (through time). So, we note that time is parallel to the path of a stationary object. However, people moving relative to each other will disagree about which objects are stationary. Therefore, they will end up thinking differently about which way time points. Returning to my earlier analogy, this disagreement about which direction time points can be compared to the different viewers of the house, who may disagree about which direction forwards or left points. It isn't too unnatural when you think about it, which is a good thing because it is, well, natural. It would be great if there was a really simple way for decentralized publishers like blogs to do syndication; some kind of rich-text protocol for site summaries. Maybe a Google engineer could write a reader for them in their 20% time. That "truth compass" they used was reading the method section, which is far from guessing and very close to the scientific process. You're making the strange assumption that the federal government will always be be more in line with your own political views than your state government. After all, at the end of the day a hard-right state is less bad for liberals than a hard-right country, because only in the first case can they try to find a job in California. >My next company will have explicit rubrics for what it takes to get fired, and your status will be tracked daily. Hi, I'm whatshisface, and unscrupulous team lead from the 1970s, when metering code seemed pretty workable. I can write 100kloc of code a day (my editor is set to convert spaces into line breaks) and commit once per typed character. Also, I'm a great team player who can work with QA to file and fix thousands of trivial tickets every week. If those numbers aren't what you're looking for, I'm also a social butterfly who can ace any peer ranking on charisma alone. When can I start? We'd probably be a lot further along if we all considered greasy hidden behaviors just as bad as greasy hidden behaviors written by those who don't pay taxes. >"otherwise motionless" There's the trick to it - in any context where you are talking about space's curvature, those "motionless" rocks are going to be moving through time. The geodesics that they will follow are parametric curves of the form f:(s)->(x,y,z,t). While there are many possible choices of parameter s (as with any parametric curve), one that physicists particularly like is proper time: the time as shown on the watch of the walking man. So, the only "truly" motionless object would be one that for every second of time it experienced, it would find itself zero seconds in the future. Quite impossible - which is why you can't "pause" yourself along gravitational geodesics and float. You might want to loosen up your interpretation a bit to understand his point - if a gene doesn't have to be beneficial to say in the gene pool, then a vague blob of thousands of genes doesn't​ have to be beneficial either. Honestly, I'd prefer a doctor that could look at me and say "Sorry, but you shouldn't buy any more of my time." Being able to say when you can't do any more is probably the antithesis of arrogant doctors - what you really have to watch out for is a pseudo-quack that will send you off on increasingly strong medications with zero-approaching success rates without telling you! I think the Anarcho-Capitalist paradise you're talking about would involve personal contracts with "security" companies to keep the pirates away - although it has never been explained to me what keeps the security company from becoming the pirates. The Libertarian version involves paying for a military, I think. A sufficiently smart [compiler | developer] can [make it so that | think] anything is easy. Since performance is exactly a measure of the number of imperative steps that need to happen in a program, low level imperative langauages are going to win in performance-obviousness every time. (Rust probably beating C in terms of avoiding memory problems, C probably beating rust in terms of not supporting language constructs that can make a single line worse than O(1).) "Accidentally" asking the language to do something time-expensive is as impossible in C as forgetting a free() in Haskell. Computers use base two because their most natural unit can occupy one of a couple states: 0 or 1. One, two, base two. Human hands, on the other foot, have ten fingers. Since our favorite mapping between things and integers is finger counting, we naturally end up with more than two states. Zero, one, two, three, four, five, six, seven, eight, nine, and the fully-extended state, ten. That's eleven states, which is why the global human standard is base-eleven. Wait, what? You can count from zero to two on two fingers, so two-fingered aliens may invent numerals for zero, one and two. If they develop that into a place value system, it will be (fingers+1)-ary, or in their case trinary. Small business is a fist pumping cheer word for even our left here in the US - I remember being really surprised when I found out that it wasn't the same everywhere. You really can - there's an undeniable cost to regulation. I've heard more discussion coming from the office behind mine about sections and articles than inches and feet. They've got Adobe reader open as often as AutoCAD. The people who wrote all those laws know about the Internet, now. Get ready. >operate How do the accoustcs change from one day to the next? Python has its own very cleverly optimized dict implementation: http://pybites.blogspot.com/2008/10/pure-python-dictionary-i... The greatest horror I have ever witnessed in my life is Ladder Logic, a GUI-based language for industrial control. Lured in by the sweet scent of (supposedly) not having to learn anything new, thousands upon thousands of EEs were tricked into inflicting upon themselves one acyclic directed cuthulu-beard after another, as they amassed screenfulls and screenfulls of white boxes implementing one operation apiece. One of my colleagues was tasked with supporting such a system, and like the weary Atlas he shoulders the burden to this day. Beware, you all, the siren song of squares labled "concatenate." They will only add to your troubles. All they'd have to do is ask. I'd say no, but all they had to do was ask. Removing accidental propaganda... To leave only intentional, engineered propaganda? Well, it's absolutely the case that seawater isn't fueling it. Edit: Removed incorrect speculation. Sorry, HN. It turns out that they actually are using the water - in the same way that an IC engine would breathe air. If fuel cells aren't batteries, I wonder if this is still one? There is one, and you used it: people. The closest thing minds have to an immune system is disbelieving anything that their enemies want them to think. That's a painful path to start down when you're trying to convince. A repair job still involves a purchase, but from a parts dealer or repair man. Well, here's an argument in favor of true randomess: If there was a PRNG deciding the outcome of measurements, it would have to have the mathematical moving parts exist somewhere as hidden variables. Hidden variables are outlawed by Bell's theorem and a couple of other things. Therefore, the randomness must be stateless and truly random. But - as hard as I suppose it may be for Hackernews to imagine, there are both girls and boys who would rather not go to space camp. Even if space camp has the best career prospects. It makes more sense in the context of all the arrticles talking about the things that "millennials" are killing. >Most of those in power have the same views as PBS. I wonder how that strange coincidence came about. I've always wanted to conduct an experiment where we put some higshcoolers who wanted to major in art history in isolation (except for sterilized food and some math textbooks slipped under the door) and had them reconstruct the periods and choose important artists from scratch. How much of the canon would turn out the same? That wouldn't be exactly accurate. A free internet market would probably be the pairing of net neutrality repeal with the repeal of all local restrictions on running cables under roads and into appartments. Why would you expect them to do anything? Racism is one of the least vile things of the vile things that Tor makes possible, and it isn't even illegal. (Edit: Wording slightly changed to reflect point raised below.) Nazis? That's starting to become a pretty broad word. How conservative do you have to be before you become a Nazi? More importantly, how fast is the line moving? Well, I had to google both the word parteialder and the brietbart store, but I found this HN thread: https://news.ycombinator.com/item?id=13608777 So, I could argue that the fact that it is being discussed indicates that it may be a little ambiguous after all. It's worth noting that your final conclusion was that the symbol "screamed Nazi" when you saw it, and that you could understand it not being sufficient. However, freedom of speech is an inalienable human right (and in need of most protection when it's political speech) - so regardless of whether you think that government's power derives from the people, they should be allowed to talk about the referendum. With antibiotics, we find that the good ones with easy synthesis and low toxicity tend to be low-hanging fruit, leaving the new developments to be expensive and deadly. A similar arms-race in agriculture is the last thing we want. It's like all of our big inventions are being rolled back against us, starting with modern medicine, passing through agriculture and eventually taking fire away as we have to shut down the power plants to stop global warming. Give it a few years and we'll probably discover something horribly wrong with the wheel. Back in 2007, this paper reported that about 20% of US crop production was owed to herbicides: https://croplifefoundation.org/wp-content/uploads/2015/12/we... We probably won't get to multiple-resistant weeds in a day, or even a decade, but the path towards stronger weed control measures is going to be a very painful one. Wait a minute, if there's a segment of people that can't vote, then the politicians that win won't care about them and won't be very popular with them. Why would those politicians then turn right around and help the rouge votes enter the next election? They'd be motivated to keep them out. They could probably disable your exploration reflex by teaching you in advance how the plant worked and what buttons did. Which, I guess, is just normal training. I can recount for you the story that I've heard from those in my area who have kids: First, the most dedicated full-time parents decided to pick their kids up and drop them off, so that they would have more time with their kids and the kids would spend less time in transit. Then, some unruly kids caused some trouble on the buses (the district isn't going to station a warden on the bus, and the driver has a route to keep), so some more parents started driving their kids. Now it was super-involved parents and also parents of bullied kids. A huge fraction of kids get bullied, so now we're looking at a bus filled with the lower half of the parental protectiveness bell curve. Obviously that's doing to distill the troublemakers, further lowering the level of protectiveness a parent would have to have before taking their kids off the buses. This forms a vicious cycle. The good kids are no longer diluting (and providing social pressure to) the bad ones, and the buses gain a (deserved? I have no way of knowing) reputation for being where bad parents dump their kids to be tortured by other bad kids. Now there's a social stigma. The set of parents that drive their kids now include the very-involved, the protective, and the responsive to social stigmas. So, finally, the children of the poor (whose parents don't have the means to fall in to one of the above groups) are stuck alone with the bad kids - and now we're at our present state, where cars line up around the street and everyone is spending an hour trying to pick their kids up from school. > do parents think they're protecting kids by driving them instead of letting them take the bus? Yes, that's exactly the sentiment. Zero-G also makes people sick, but astronauts can get used to it. If you put someone in a small spinning station for six months, would they also get used to the motion sickness? What if you found someone suffering from (and that had learned to live with) permanent vertigo? Virtue ethics, deontological ethics and consequentialism can ultimately be shown equivalent, like three imaginary computers shown to be turing-equivalent. Here's a really rough sketch: (the idea being that you can take any theory of ethics in one group and write it in the language of any other) To implement virtue in duty: "You have a duty to act the actions of a virtuous person." To implement consequentialism in duty: "You have a duty to make a best-effort estimation of the outcomes, and choose the best." To implement duty in virtue: "A virtuous person is one who knows these rules and lives by them." To implement consequentialism in virtue: "A virtuous person is one who always evaluates the possible outcomes, and chooses the best." To implement duty in consequentialism: "Define 'good outcome' such that any good outcome is one where all of these rules were followed." To implement virtue in consequentialism: "The only truly valuable thing is personal virtue. Therefore, a 'good outcome' is one where you gain as much virtue-trait-stuff as possible." I think there's a difference between stupid arguments and stupid arguments delivered at 300WPM by highschoolers specially trained over years to breathe in such a way that they can produce and deploy stupid arguments as quickly and efficiently as possible. It's like... littering versus the government selling our highway medians to WM. Measuring the volume of one liter of water. But, more seriously, it depends almost entirely on the highschool itself. I know of a range going from essentially no lab work to undergrad material with looser report grading - and I imagine that top flight magnet schools must have all sorts of amazing equipment. After about twenty years of habitation (and extremely bottlenecked social inheritance), I bet Mars would be a pretty interesting cultural climate itself. Could you even imagine what kind of self-parody our political groups could grow in to if their opposition just happened to not book a seat? > When corruption is so widespread in the whole governing system, there is probably no way to greatly reduce it in short order without consolidating power and using it decisively. Xi isn't consolidating power away from the grocery inspectors that like to be tipped. No one human has the vast reach that would be required to see in to every single government action, down to the lowest levels. The only way to stop corruption is to ensure a free press with an empowered and informed population. That's not the direction that China's going. Unprovable statements weaken provable ones no further than the extent to which the undecidability of the halting problem makes my toaster burn my Eggos. Yes, it has the halting problem for a machine much less powerful than a Turing machine, where the answer is always yes unless the thermostat fails. The idea is that just like there are programs less powerful than the halting oracle there are statements less powerful than the completeness of arithmetic. The Fourier transform can be introduced at vastly different levels of sophistication - engineers see it freshman year, physics programs usually wait until they've derived the wave equation, and if you're a math professor whose goal is to invent novel math , it's probably not even worth knowing unless you are going to spend years and years on it. I know of a nice argument against simulationism that I think applies here: If simulated universes can be "real," then we're assuming that there's a mapping between patterns of electrons in a computer (or provable theorems, if you're brave enough), and the real universe they represent. (Say, interpreting two numbers that may be stored very far apart on the chip as the positions of two particles that are, in the universe, very close together.) The problem that this introduces is that there are no well-motivated ways that we could decide which mappings are "real," and could be "lived in." For example, we might claim that the state of the simulation must be map-able in polynomial time to some charts and pictures that a human could interpret - but an inhabitant wouldn't care. So, since all mappings are equally motivated as far as an inhabitant is concerned, allow me to choose one that maps this grain of sand to a universe the same as ours. Well, there you go. Our world in a grain of sand. Computational complexity is an insufficient motivator, because while in our current universe some problems are hard and others are easy, in the hypothetical universe there might be a law of physics that solves NP-hard problems. In fact, if the problem is right, you might even end up in a situation where they can't hook their NP-hard problem solvers together in a way that solves problems that we would consider polynomial. It's possible to think about the complexity of going between encoding schemes, but unless you've got a special representation blessed as the right way to write things, you won't be able to build a tier system where some encoding schemes are more awkward than others. Normally we have no problem doing this because we can recognize a well-written answer when we see it, but that's based on no more than the way our own brains work (at best, on the parts of our brains that are the way they are because of the universe we live in.) If my understanding is right, a bijective function won't change the entropy of the strings it acts on. So, as long as I can find enough states in my grain of sand (quite possibly undoable, so imagine I'm talking about a few photons in space instead!), I can map them on to my universe and be no worse-off, from an information entropy standpoint. Aaronson is one of my favorite philosophers. But, what if there's a law of physics inside of the simulated universe that solves exponential problems in polynomial time? You could pack a more limited universe inside of that one, if you didn't want your inhabitants to have access to it. I think that computational complexity absolutely does determine how useful a simulation is to us , but it's not meta-universal enough to do this kind of philosophy with. Right, but if the role of the mapping is just to make the status of the simulation make sense to you , (after all, that's the only thing you would be able to observe it doing), then the inhabitant wouldn't care if the mapping was ever computed. So, it's fine if the mappings would be ridiculously impossible to compute. (Extra note: it is extremely hard to simulate the chaotic motion of nearly every physical system. Does that mean they are doing lots of hard computation? If so, does that make them "more likely" to be interpretable as simulating universes?) Well, I can try to lay it out more formally: We can divide up the task of running a physical simulation into the part where the state is computed, and the part where the results are made visible to us in a way we understand. We can also divide computation up into the same two pieces: the actual solving of the problem, and then the task of reading symbols off the Turing tape. Usually, we set up our definitions so that a program isn't thought to "solve" a problem unless the reading-the-answer part is trivial. Now, for a person living inside a simulation, the reading-the-answer part would become insignificant. Why do they care if we can see in to their universe? So, if all we want is to make a world for simulated people to live in, why not stuff all of the computational complexity into the reading-the-answer part, and then not do it ? They would be perfectly happy with a jumbled-up, uninterpretable state in our world, because they would be living on the inside where it made sense. So, if that is convincing, then allow me to pitch my universe simulating computer: Launch two photons into space. The distance between them is the state of the simulation. If you want to look in to the state, you have to solve an incredibly hard exponential problem to map the distance to a certain corresponding wavefunction that you could make sense out of. However, the inhabitants wouldn't care about whether or not you interpreted their state. So, as far as the simulated are concerned, two photons flying apart do make a simulation! In my opinion the easiest way to make this reductio-ad-absurdum go away is to reject the idea that the simulated is real. Don't you realize that the institution that's being examined isn't necessarily on your side ? Without oversight, how could they possibly be kept on the good side? Having gone so long without oversight, how far have they strayed? Assuming you weren't involved in any of this, ask yourself: did I authorize it? Did the legitimate authority of my civil peers (to which I am willing to cede) authorize it? Did my representatives authorize it? (Not everyone in congress is on these top-secret commitiees, it's entirely possible that some action could be taken that the voters of an entire state had essentially zero say in.) Finally, What would happen if a cleared individual decided to take an action without asking anybody or telling anybody? You know, like Snowden, except not conscience-driven to make sure we all heard about it. It's not like established systems have ever suppressed secrets that would make them look bad if widely known, right? Right? I'd be careful with that kind of nihilistic attitude; note that it has the same effect as wholehearted support! (Which is, advocating that nothing different be done.) I certainly understand how you could come to see this kind of stuff as anti-American, but that's really a misjudgment. I (or we?) stand in one of the many countries where this threat is developing, but one of the few countries where our predecessors have secured the liberties for us to do something about it. So in this sense, we are the custodians of ourselves: and any true American would tend to their government while discussing with their countrymen how they can do the same. (Hopefully that addresses your point, now that I see what you're really saying.) I put (we) in parenthasis - certainly, I'm aware that fact that not everyone on HN is from the US! And no, if you're from a country that's openly hostile to free speech, you really can't speak freely online without fear of reprisal. In an abstract sense I can't speak with a complete lack of fear of reprisal either - but essentially what I'm trying to exhort people to realize is that taking on the personal risk of saying the "wrong thing" in public is a civil duty: the civil duty of maintaining our government. The Godfather's Switchblade: Make it look like an accident. Ultimately I don't think we can judge intent in situations like these, especially because it's so easy to disguise[0]. A sentence can be constructed in favor of any opinion; so I'll spare you my attempt at an alternate reading of the situation that makes them sound guilty so long as you agree that it's possible to do. I think a few questions can be raised about whether we can trust a company's claim that a problem stops exactly at the limits of what's been made publicly visible. How do we really know that select installations weren't phoning home with their captures? This is a great moment to plug the idea that we really should be able to see the source code of the software we're running. [0] http://www.underhanded-c.org/ Nietzsche wrote at length about the "death of god," which was his way of symbolizing the unseating of god from society's abstract throne, and the dangerous power vacuum that blood would be shed to re-fill. You can't walk three feet through the past couple centuries before finding some text discussing, cheering on or mourning the transition from a society where god is generally assumed to be behind things to one where he isn't. If a similar phase change had occured 3000 years ago, I'm pretty sure it would have been well-documented. I have a hard time believing that this event is for the first time being seen clearly from a vantage point three thousand years distant! Tunneling isn't really a paradox, it's just a direct contradiction with classical mechanics. >"I think really what "particle" means is that "all measurements are quantized"." I'm not sure about that, classically the only quantized measurement is number. In QM only some eigenvalues are quantized, and even then only in some problems. (The energy of a free particle isn't quantized, nor is the position of a particle in a box.) >Considering university tuition at a private university for a single student per year is literally more expensive than the salary of a single low level professor, Woah. Maybe a few freshmen should band together and hire some PhDs to assemble a fire-and-forget university. If you can pay for one professor per student, a class of 20 students who want to major in the same thing could easily fund 4-6 classes/year and have a factor of five left over to rent a nice room in the community center. Obviously this isn't about education anymore. But when an artist goes 100k in debt, we don't get an artist. We get a desperate barista. I might suggest using git to track your code, then you can write down the first six letters of hashes in the lab notebook for the commits that correspond. Doesn't that mean that every single insurance payout will have to involve the courts, taking a long time and not always panning out? If I have an accident I probably need the money on the kind of time-scale that my bills are due on, not the time scale on which courts operate. Even then, that's ignoring the huge overhead introduced. Exponential curves have no "knee." There's no point in American history that you can point to as the inflection point of liberty. It just gets worse every year - except for the slices carved out by activists. Because history repeats itself - especially when the same groups are approaching the same situation with the same motives. > The “evil” that existed at Microsoft was largely an upper management issue. There has been significant change in upper management. Recent anti-consumer actions indicate that this may not be the case. Come on, ads on the start menu? Today's MS has done things even Gates' MS didn't. > They aren’t stupid enough to fail to realize that ship has already sailed. That doesn't stop them from wanting to go out and turn that ship around. > They’ll keep developing and selling Windows Server to the people who depend on it and collect that revenue, but the future for them is Azure. Cloud compute is a commodity, even one of the major things sold by internet Wal-Mart. Is that really where Microsoft wants to go? It's almost implicit that they're going to want to "differentiate" their service, which means developing lock-in but only once you've got people into the fold. > TL;DR If Microsoft’s profit motive in Azure aligns with open source, why do so many people continue to need to infer sinister motives? This isn't the first time Microsoft's profit motives have appeared to allign with an open technology. This wouldn't be the first time they moved to capture it, ruining it for everybody, either. Microsoft has realized that nobody is going to sign up for an unhealthy, rent-based ecosystem. So, out comes the carrot, with absolutely no contract with you that they won't replace it with a stick. We're entering an era were large businesses can treat small businesses like large businesses treat consumers - that is, no negotiation, no contract garuntees, just take-it-or-leave-it on slowly worsening terms. Pair production usually can't happen unless an atomic nucleus is nearby. This is necessary for the conservation of momentum. I don't think photon-photon pair production has been achieved yet. I claim that one property of the subjective is that it is a category error to claim that it has a property. What? > Going against an epistemological vein of science, popular science writers make the discoveries of scientists available to non-specialists by empha- sizing what academic scientific papers necessar- ily exclude: the human stories and emotions of the scientists behind the discoveries. This is a really weird statement. Professors love telling stories about how this-or-that is discovered; there's a downright attraction to the human side. Further, a human story about how an idea came to be can make great reading whether or not the idea turned out to be true in the end - Freud's cases are still interesting, but these days mostly as literature. A fun story might pique your interest in something, but it better not convince you that a theory is true! (i.e. keep your aesthetics separate from your epistemology for a long and happy life.) So, Feynman's storytelling doesn't go against any vein of science, and even worse for the author's point aesthetic human stories aren't strict epistemological resources in any context. So in that sense the claim seems to miss the way the veins flow in science, and the way epistemology works in general. A huge fraction of "stupidity" is actually owed to engineered propaganda. The "public affairs" that one hears about are almost entirely dependent on the filter bubble blown by the media sources a person trusts. You could do a very good job of filtering by political party based on what current events a person had seen in their news. Whoever wrote the test would control which culture-bubbles got to vote. It's only a matter of time before we can pay CBT psychotherapists to give us good senses of humor and easy-to-be-around personalities. We're fast converging on a future where IQ and inherited wealth will be the only two fundamental positive qualities. The fact that he said "during the next day" makes it sound like the rest of the story might change the situation. Can someone who has read the book please weigh in? I think the right phrase here might have passed out of our vocabulary during a long recent period of extreme permissiveness. It's ungentlemanlike to speak of such things. I'm not sure if that's an accurate analogy. Few politicians would want to find themselves working in the climate Trump has found in Washington, (if anything, he has proven that a groundswell of popular support can't unseat a party establishment). Also, it simply would be inaccurate to describe Uber's actions as impotent . Edit: allow me to replace the word "found" with "created." I was just using a figure of speech. You could argue that those things could just be emprical curve fits, done without any theory behind them. Not that they don't have theory behind them, just that you might be able to arrive at them without any. Thermodynamics in chemistry is a great example where you can find tables full of polynomials curve fit coefficients. Actually, the fact that the universe yeilds to theory at all is kind of remarkable. Antimatter was "discovered" in the negative-energy solutions of the relativistic version of the Schrodinger equation long before it was found in nature. I can imagine that someone who hadn't seen all of those examples from physics for themselves could imagine that theory, in general, is epistemologically unsound - and demand that everything be directly empirical. Aside, I think that everyone who is interested in science should spend at least a little time thinking about the philosophy that underlies it - and, you know, it can be very rewarding to reproduce early experiments just so you can see them for yourself. Next time you're on a trip, try meauring the shadows at different times of day and calculating the radius of the Earth like Eratosthenes. We now have nearly perfect maps and globally synchronized clocks so you should have a much easier time of it than he did. >coins with no history on the blockchain I imagine that you would do this as a step in a money laundering scheme. I'd speculate that all modern humans were capable of forming civilizations, and like a supercooled fluid would crystalize into one around any workable nucleation site. I've never seen any evidence or quote that made him sound like that; not even a quote taken out of context. It'd add to this discussion (and to my personal knowledge for that matter, I keep hearing this repeated but nobody ever says why) if you could give us an example. The placebo effect is to a large extent due to regression to the mean, i.e. a statistical glitch that has nothing to do with health outcomes. [1] http://www.dcscience.net/2015/12/11/placebo-effects-are-weak... [2] https://www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pubmed/6369471 If all I had was a cell slurry I'd hardly be able to tell the difference. Where does one kind end and the other begin? Maybe the kind of earth is DNA-based with left-chiral protiens and right-chiral metabolism. Egg synthysizers exist and they're shaped exactly like chickens. Right, but convincing explanations can also be invented for things that aren't true. The true power is in the formalism, which allows you to use your untamable and untrustworthy intution to discover facts . Ah, the "greater crime" doctrine. The guilty are free to go, so long as they can prove that the victim had already suffered at someone else's hands. After all, in civil law, only the first transgression counts. It would be in your interest to conceal the problems that your house has, in order to compete with the ignorance offered by everyone else. While this would benefit humanity, nobody would do it. The core idea of the American vision of rights is that rights against future governments matter just as much as rights against present ones. For example, a Democrat speaking in support of the DNC doesn't need free speech against a Democratic administration, but they would need it against a Republican one. That's the reason behind the "what if we need to rebel?" argument against gun control, the "turnkey tyranny" argument against self-surveillance, and the rest. American political philosophy will seem totally incomprehensible if you miss this point! > In my experience, all-white, all-Indian, all-Asian, etc. teams were always inferior in terms of the experience of working there to diverse teams. I feel like I'm missing some kind of obvious universal common-sense knowledge in having to ask this, but by what mechanism could this possibly come about? It sounds like he's thinking about all the times this has happened in the past. The natural analogy for guns is probably crypto, but the real problem is that we live in a political climate where computer defense is totally ignored. Difficulty aside, that sounds like it would be a cool way to live. How were they employed? Minecraft wasn't built on top of infiniminer, it was inspired by it. The games are actually extremely different if you play them. That can't be right because the amplitude of EM waves has nothing to do with spatial displacements (unlike guitar strings). The way it works is that every point in space has an E (electric) and B (magnetic) field vector which can oscillate around a 3D space. The vectors point towards other places in space, but their meaning is a field strength and direction at a single point . So this diagram[1] is actually describing the EM fields along a single line , not in the volume of space that the (purely illustrative) arrows are drawn in. The correct understanding of Faraday cages is that their holes must be small relative to the wavelength: this is easy to remember because on a very large wavelength scale you would expect the tiny holes to not be very noticeable, and on a very short wavelength scale you're essentially talking about the light that you can see your food with. https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Light#/media/File:Light-wave.s... Yeah. If someone claims data, reproduce their experiment. If someone makes a point, check their math. If it's beyond the realm of repoducing experiments and checking math it's beyond the realm of human knowledge. Sorry, but time and time again our kind have proven to be liars; and worse, self-decievers. Nothing else is left in ourselves to trust. > For instance, when the EPA was preparing to set new limits on particulate pollution in the 1990s, industry groups pushed back against the research and demanded access to primary data (including records that researchers had promised participants would remain confidential) and a reanalysis of the evidence. Their calls succeeded and a new analysis was performed. The reanalysis essentially confirmed the original conclusions, but the process of conducting it delayed the implementation of regulations and cost researchers time and money. If the data had been open from the start, this wouldn't have been a problem. Also, why don't we just sow an equal measure of uncertainty in the studies showing that these drugs/chemicals/externalities are safe? I bet if you demanded that the pro-industry studies should be "sound," you would discover a lot. The author alludes to that by pointing out that they're needed for jacobians, which are essentially also stretch factors. However, a nice geometric interpretation does not nice math make. If you remember their definition , the one with the sub-products and the alternating +/-es, and then imagine trying to prove that it has that geometric interpretation - you've arrived at a huge pain for undergrad math students that are just being introduced to matrices. Even if you enjoy it, you're still limited by human capabilities: I've seen so many slides that were laden with dense technical information that essentially nobody could get through in the time before the presenter hit "next slide," and I've made some, too. Your goal will not let you say less than necessary; so I say you should always cut every word whose absence won't defeat you. A second is a valuable thing, and you're either writing poetry or working where the second is a unit of cost. (In the extreme, if your goal doesn't require you to write or say anything, then why get words involved at all?) I doubt we will ever see productivity concentrated in the aristocrat class: people are too lazy, and after a couple of generations it falls down between either a society that encourages rent or a family that isn't rich anymore. However, if when you say "the economy becomes driven by the 1%" you mean "the economy reaches a point where it is funded entirely by the 1%," then I have an interesting thought experiment for you: You may not know this, but I am the richest man in the world. All economic activity is technically mine, carried out by stewards of my capital. However, I have decided that the most humanitarian approach to this massive responsibility is to let things run their course - I am comfortable on a meager living, so I take no interest. It's not like someone is going to replace me: after all, everyone in the world simply manages my funds, and does their best to earn the right to manage more. Now, my brother on the other hand - he's a notorious criminal. He owns nothing rightfully, but his famous heists have resulted in a 3% annual decrease in the value of every bank account in the world; and even worse, the multitude of shots fired in the ensuing high-speed chases have done the same to essentially every asset. Congress has decided to close the loopholes my brother has been using to escape justice, but they're fine with me. I've essentially presented the argument that gets you from either historical materialism or utilitarianism to communism/socialism. Here's the rest, laid out more explicitly: .1 If my brother and I were one person, it would go from illegal to legal but nobody's balance sheets would change. .2A (use this one if you like historical materialism) Laws and ethical notions are constructed because of balance sheets. Why, then, don't we change the law so that the apparently arbitrary distinction goes away? .2B (use this one if you like utilitarianism) There's no basis for law beyond utility, and it's obvious that both cases have the same result. Therefore, there's no basis for a legal distinction. I've never figured how to get out of this argument, except by making private property a fundamental right. That sounds a lot like objectivism, though. > "faking it", even if that's just networking politely, cold-calling, and doing some basic research on the companies you're applying to. That's definitely not faking in any sense of the word! Well, I've really heard it three ways. "Fake it till you make it," can mean any of: - Slightly untrue positive thinking will help you build up enough confidence to get started. - Present yourself to other people with the confidence of someone who's already done what you want to convince them you can do. - Falsify your qualifications and dodge questions about what you've done in the past, don't worry it never catches up with you. I think 1. can work for some people, 2. works for essentially anyone in every situation, and 3. is very, very false. > There's no evolutionary drive towards simplicity. There's a drive towards smallness (as in, lower food requirements) which has probably made simplicity a lot less bad than otherwise. >In physics, much is out of reach of experiment due to being either too small (superstrings, if they exist) In the era of Maxwell's equations, atoms were too small. Never under-estimate the power of cleverness and indirect observation! (Now days we can image atoms directly: but we needed to get our understand of them elsewhere in order for our technology to advance that far.) The jury's still out on strings; although plenty of people claim that we won't ever reach the energy scales necessasary to totally rule it out, we still might find something predicted by a lower-energy version, and maybe one day we'll uncover a new theoretical result that gives us an avenue we can't currently see. > or too big (where's the missing mass and the antimatter? That's not too big, we're expecting the answer in the form of slight asymmetries in particle interactions like the ones we're studying in the LHC. I think saying that science doesn't arrive at objective truths means defining "objective" to be a word that nobody would ever use. Give me a number, and I can put that many nines after the decimal place of percent-certianty in my result. For each nine, I have to run my experiment longer. Infinity nines -> complete certainty. So, in practice, when we're choosing between fact and fiction, what we're really doing is putting our theories into a bucket and letting them duke it out until there's only one voice left telling us how many struts our bridge needs to be built with. The beauty of science is that whatever poetry, rousing manifesto, or brilliant connections you want to pit it against, you can always look at them and order up exactly as many nines as it takes to beat them. The certainty of science is finite, but unbounded: so it's the best we've got. > Theories might even be inconsistent with other theories [...] There's a nice philosophy-of-science trick you can do if you want QM and GR at the same time. Just look at the error bars on the experiments that support the two theories, and propagate them down into error bars on the theories themselves. That leads to theories being statements of knowledge over appropriate ranges (and to appropriate precisions), making them "true" in an absolute sense. (If you do this with Newton's classical mechanics, you will realize that QM was not an overturning but an allowed-for refinement.) Getting consensus involved in the philosophy of science is usually done as a direct assault on the idealst's question of, "what if this is all just your elaborate hallucination?" When I'm asked that I just say, "begone, dream-foulers." Then all of the idealists in the universe disppear. > There is no thought independent of the language we use to represent the world This is debatable[0]. Presumably, people without language can still think, and even if you believe that they invent an internal language to think with you are placing language into a tool-role, where it can be created and destroyed in service of a higher goal (thought). However, that still leaves the problems with correspondence unexplained: but hopefully I can convince you that they are not too bad. I'll sketch it for you: Coordinate systems are all equally good by the measure of how well their predictions work. They're obviously constructions - but that doesn't itself imply that the models that use them are constructions, any more than the wrappers burgers come in makes their meat paper. (I mean, the models might be constructions too, but it's not the use of arbitrary coordinate systems that makes them so.) Specific expressions of models are all equally good by the "correspondence" measure as well: anyone with even a grade-school math education should be able to recognize A=BCD and I=JK,K=QP as distinct in the literal sense but identical in some higher one. So, once again, it's obvious that we are looking at different ways of expressing the same thing; a thing which hasn't yet been proven not to exist , even though no way of expressing it can by itself be more than just "a different way." So, one step above algebra and two steps above specific calculations, there's the concepts. From a scientific perspective unless you think the brain is supernatural it's really to be expected that ideas are no more than symbols. BUT: for the same reasons as the two cases above, it has yet to be shown that the concepts are not themselves dancing around a still higher truth, each (effectively true) idea differing only in the baggage of being human; that silly but fun phrase referring to how we like symbols but are presumably using them to mean something . [0] https://plato.stanford.edu/entries/language-thought/#ObjLOT Your sunspot example is mostly determined by convection in Sol's outer layers, not the core. Stellar cores are usually in very tight equilibria. Proton decay is not a feature of the standard model, it comes from other theories with far less experimental evidence behind them; by no means at this point can we say that protons "have" a half-life. Even Marxists want playboys to buy Lamborghinis, because then the rich have less money. The real answer to what you're calling for would be to match capital gains with income taxes, although I'm sure that would have its own raft of unexpected effects. (For example, what would happen to middle-class retirement plans?) Also: emissions taxes are sometimes regressive, for example consider that home prices usually go up with shorter commutes. Since the most universal benefit of having money is getting the first pick of all the options, you'll quickly find that "those rich people" are incredibly hard to pin down with tax plans. Whatever you make the worst asset class will quickly end up in the hands of whoever can't afford better. If you take just one piece of information from this blog: Quantum computers would not solve hard search problems instantaneously by simply trying all the possible solutions at once (The subtitle of Aaronson's blog.) https://www.scottaaronson.com/blog/ On one of the images, they advise the moderators to demonetize controversial content, and then make exceptions for certian controversies (which Google does not feel it would be right to suppress). This is obviously bias; it's the definition of bias. It just doesn't feel like bias to us because if we were made autocrats and instructed to rule as undemocratically as possible, we would enforce the same bias. This game isn't writing the numbers (complex-valued probability amplitudes of states, classical EM vectors even) anywhere so it's going to be pretty hard to relate what you're seeing here to the math that you'll find if you look up interference elsewhere. I'll make an attempt here, though. I think the effect on level 4 is totally classical so it shouldn't take too much background. 1. The solution to a problem involving light is called a wavefunction, which is just a name assigned to functions that map position and time onto what the wave is doing at that position and time. I.E. for a sound wave, W(x: position, t: time) => p: air pressure. 2. The meat of a "wave equation" is essentially also a function, but it's higher-order. It maps wavefunctions onto wavefunctions, I.E. consider high-order function L, such that L(W: wavefunction) => X: wavefunction. The name for this map is an "operator," by the way. 3. We can set up operators L(W) so that they map all "true and physical" wavefunctions on to the zero-function, f(x,t) = 0. This contrivance is the job of physicists to design; so for our discussion let's just take it that for every physically possible W(x,t), it is the case that L(W(x,t)) = 0. (And vice-versa, every solution to that equation is physically possible.) The equation L(W) = 0 is called the "wave equation," by the way. 3. It is a property of L that L(W + Q) = L(W) + L(Q) for wavefunctions W and Q. This implies that if L(W) = 0 and L(Q) = 0, then L(W + Q) = L(W) + L(Q) = 0+0 = 0. Therefore, since physical possibility L(W) = 0, then we may conclude that the sum of any two physically possible wavefunctions W and Q is another physically possible wavefunction, W+Q. 4. Ignore time and look at my nice graph[0]. This illustrates adding two functions (there A(x) and B(x) ) which also happen to be solutions to the wave equation. Play around with the parameter p , (whose purpose is to let you select A to be one of many horizontally offset versions of itself) and see if you can make A + B do anything noteworthy. [0] https://www.desmos.com/calculator/iwa3auxvuz 5. Hopefully in looking at my graph, you have noticed that for some values of p , A+B became flat everywhere. Now, I can finally explain what's going on with level 4. When the beamsplitter produces two beams from one, the two functions it shoots out have two different values of p , the dynamics detailed in [1]. If two beams are incident on the splitter, four beams will shoot out, and since some of them are overlapping in space they will add and you'll see the superposition effects. See my drawing [2]. (By the way, the parameter p is called phase, and the verb for the thing the waves to under superposition is called interference.) [1] https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Beam_splitter#Phase_shift [2] I've drawn it here. Please don't over-interpret it, I just sketched it in paint without a lot of attention to detail. https://imgur.com/a/7YLMa Hopefully this is helpful and sheds some light on the underlying physics! > it looks like it's equating the function returned by L(W) with zero There is a deeper point to be made here that I'm glad you brought up. Functions form a vector space (because they satisfy the axioms of vector behavior, basically because they can be added to each other and scaled by constant multiples). In linear algebra the symbol 0 often does double-duty as the zero vector, which is defined as the vector that doesn't change other vectors when it's added to them. So, here, when I write L(W) = 0 I'm implicitly invoking 0 = f_zero(x,t) = 0. As for why "mapping to zero" has a physical basis, well, it's really more of a thing we're always guaranteed to be able to do. You can always subtract everything from the right-hand side of an equation! For example, Wikipedia introduces the one-dimensional wave equation as D_t^2 u = a^2 D_x^2 u. I can also write that as L[u] = D_t^2 u - q^2 * D_x^2 u = 0, so L[u] = 0. (In my notation, D_x is the derivative with respect to x, and D_x^2 is the second derivative with respect to x.) The real question is why the addition thing works; if I had to try explaining it I would just say it's just fundamental that Maxwell's equations are linear, and when dealing with things that aren't, we usually approximate them with linear functions anyways[0]. That's how gravitational waves emerge from GR, by the way: at low energies the nonlinear equations behave nearly linear, and in that approximation the familiar wave equation falls out. [0] If you zoom in to a small enough range in the graph of all but the most esoteric functions, the thing on your screen will look like a line. Try it, it's a good intuition to have. While the wavefunctions are vectors by virtue of being functions, it still remains to be seen that the set of "physically possible" wavefunctions is also a vector space. For example, if the physics were such that we were equating the local kinetic energy of a string to, I don't know, it's position or something, we would end up with an equation looking like (D_t f(x,t))^2 - f(x,t) = 0. It still can be written as an operator (not all operators are linear), but the addition thing wouldn't work anymore. It's a remarkable pattern in physics that those squared terms tend not to appear in reality. That's true, but there are many situations where you don't know if you really need to understand it until you've skimmed it or otherwise have read enough to know what's in it. Do we know if pinkifying works? I mean, of course as a male I find it hard to support increasing the number of purple headings in the world but presumably people do it because they've had success - right? Just because mature, grown women (who have already been selected for liking the paint tech already has enough to learn about it) aren't motivated by pink and flowery stuff doesn't mean it can't be the weird glitch in young girl's brains that toy corporations have optimized themselves to exploit so well. Academia is a great example of what happens when you try to create a "market-free" zone: things get abused in unexpected ways while clever rent-seekers embed themselves in incredibly lucrative positions that you never knew you were creating. See: student loans/tuitions, pay-to-read journals (another front page HN topic). The student loan problem is a result of the generalized "prestige economy" that's driving the problems with journals (and whose failures include that cascade of replication crises). To see this, realize that the only reason so many people are going to university at all is because a good name on your resume is now a requirement for getting any reasonably well-paying job. See the parallels between that and how academics need good names on their CVs in order to compete? It's a prisoner's dillema where the cooperation-case would be that every person who doesn't need their degree for their career would drop out at the same time that every academic switched to open-access journals. The journals occupy a position where the quality of the service they provide has nothing to do with why a person chooses to do business with them. It's a market in that you can choose who to submit papers to, but the incentives are so misaligned that it doesn't work like a market. FB doesn't optimize for enriching you, or even for agreeing with you - it's optimized for engaging you. If a barely-lucid rant comming out of a political faction you hate will mindworm you, that's what they'll show you. > I technically have no grounds to complain that they abused their access. I would argue that since they knew you were giving them access on the assumption that they would not do things like that, you would have grounds to complain. Similarly, I installed Firefox on the understanding that it would not phone home with opt-out telemetry, advertise third party products, or syntergise with acquired properties. Mozilla has, in the past few months, done all three. I like Firefox, though, so I'd rather kick the tubas out of Mozilla than go kick them off my individual installation. Does the public have any power over Mozilla's governance? > "Natural laws are sufficient to explain everything we see" vs "A supernatural element is needed". Both of those positions share the base epistemology of seeing and explaining, fortunately for discussions between the two very large groups that believe each of them. If political opinions can impact your career, then there's a massive potential for abuse. What happens if your boss fires you for supporting a measure that would damage your employer? Even worse, what if some corporate interest issue got programmed in to people by a PR campaign, and then your boss fired you for resisting that ? You'd be torn apart by the public. There would be nowhere to turn. > the researchers seem to share an uncomfortable photo It seems like they're sweaty and exhausted, presumably from hard work in an unfamiliarly hot climate. Who decides what voices should be silent? I think we're in a weird situation where nobody is really worried about Sam's ability to remain free, but at the same time nobody is all that interested in listening to the weaker voices that might actually end up silenced. In fact, that's almost a given: if a million people are going to read your blog post then, no, social mechanisms aren't going to shut you up. What's in the back of my mind is an unremarkable person who has an opinion that their boss doesn't agree with. We never read their blog posts, because by definition I'm talking about when the power dynamic is backwards. Over time, music has become easier to jam without higher organization. (Classical -> Jazz -> Ambient Soundscapes) Over time, machine learning has been climbing up the higher-organization staircase. (image statistics -> convolution with kernels -> CNNs). And then? > No one has any reasonable expectation of being at risk of being shot/stabbed. Isn't assault the quintessential thing that we have police around to deal with? If we didn't have any reasonable expectation of it then we'd be paying for a lot less law enforcement. That wouldn't be relevant; Japan is skewing old, but doesn't have a similar gender imbalance. Edit: to clarify, I am saying that Japan does not have a gender ratio all that different from other countries - meaning that gender differences shed no light on its crime rates. It's an irrelevant statistic. That's an interesting point: if I had to guess at an explanation, I'd say that "runaway capitalism" makes people miserable and in well-franchised societies the people will always demand that the government step in (see: so much of US history, the fact that this article was written). However, if the people of a country are asking that too much be "given" to them (I.E. more than the country actually has), who's going to stop that ? It surely won't be the same people that supported the bad administrators to start with. The only people who resist this bad end are the fiscal conservatives that always keep an eye on the budget, and if they aren't there to start with (preventing the monetary crisis from starting in the first place) then, well, nobody's going to rally the "radical fiscal conservative revolutionary front." > before it can replace your MacBook pro It will never replace my MacBook pro - I don't want to have to set up a board game every time I sit down in the park to work on something! It's a cool educational tool for young kids, but we're going to have to wean them off of fun tactile interfaces and on to text eventually. (The biggest problem with visual programming environments is that they force the programmer to solve large-scale graph problems in order to make their programs not look like a mess - this wouldn't be solved by escaping the screen.) Hello, humans in 20 years when this comment is being used as a humorous example of what people thought in 2017. ;) Maybe we'll end up with a new political subculture that derives pride and some sense of personal identity from fighting this stuff; just like gun people almost enjoy supporting the NRA. (In some way I think computer rights would be a lot more fun to support if a large fraction of the public was against it, then we would have the satisfaction of arguing.) My universal advice to graduating CS students is, "no matter what your current code quality/dev speed balance is, your boss will think you're polishing too much." I would add that none of this applies to social networks: safe spaces are designed for compromised individuals that are temporarily not healthy enough to engage in a few specific aspects of the full gamut of healthy human behavior. > I've predicted 8 of the last 3 downturns. This is a great phrase. However, ideally a good portfolio has hedges and hedging against a big downturn is something you'd want to do. You don't have to give all of your money to the doomsayer portfolio, but I imagine that it'd be wise to have just a little there. Woah, I've never heard the story told like that . Could you link me to an article or something? If true that's pretty depressing, I've seen a lot of kids randomly blessed by corporate PR teams that want to look like they're supporting education but I thought at least that story was true. (It's not hard to make a clock and electronics in public places have caused a silly bomb scare before...) Cost is a factor for sample size in any field: but physicists don't publish if they can't accumulate a sufficient sample. As a result physics experiments where sufficient sample sizes can't be obtained are, simply, never performed - and as a result physics as a field grows in the direction of high-certianty. Physicsts absolutely could be performing experiments with poorer statistics; it'd be cheaper, more advanced things would be done sooner, and we'd be having a replication crisis. If the social sciences were willing to go a century without discovering anything exciting, they could achieve whatever level of certianty they wanted on their current budget. (At the expense of new discoveries.) Here's a modern experimental paper. Scroll down to the authors. You'll know it when you see it. https://cds.cern.ch/record/2282544/files/arXiv:1709.05260.pd... Your statement about huge numbers of authors (as well as the great number of theoretical papers that have to wait a very long time before being confirmed or denied) is true. The people who say "science is so awesome," are usually looking at NASA pictures and relatively long-known facts, in the tradition of Sagan's science pubicization. I've never seen a "science is so cool," meme about loop quantum gravity in 1D universes with the topology of a circle, or about a social sciences pilot studies. So, in that sense it's fine that they're leaving out the messy part; after all the entire point is to turn the messy into the clean. I'd like to see a 50-year longitudinal study on the effects of different common chemcals over previously untested lengths of time. Actually, it'd be nice to see more 50-year studies on the effect of anything on anything. I'm seeing a lot of comments here beginning with something to the effect of, "assuming there's no lying involved." Well, assuming there's no lying involved, the NSA never tracked us, Iraq had WMDs, and Bill Clinton did not have sex with that woman. There's a broader epistemological problem afoot here: the NSA could easily design a flawed zero-knowledge proof mechanism that I would never see a flaw in. Likewise, it's always going to be easier to fake a video of magitek than it will be to invent it for real. As a result it's essentially impossible to believe these stories under any circumstances short of an actual leak of the magitek. I wish I could say, "it's true, and knowing it means knowing the truth. Don't let our political sensibilities blind us." However the agenda-driven work you're talking about is very real so instead I'll say this: > estimated impact of parental income is greatly dimin- ished once parental education and the individual’s IQ are controlled for. It sounds to me like the study is showing that the impact of parents is split between knowledge transfer (nurture) and gene transfer (nature). This might actually be one of the least questionable ideas ever published. Finally, heritability studies don't mean much new for motivating students: all of these IQ and parental wealth indicators show up well before "inventing" in the form of small victories like good grades that we've already learned to associate with adulthood success. Christianity does not have schools of jurisprudences. However in the past the Catholic Church has had opinions on how to govern and in the future "dominionist" sects of protestantism may gain influence [0]. [0] https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/New_Apostolic_Reformation Macroeconomists often can't run experiments, and some kinds of "macro-sociological" theories can't be tested either. That puts them in a fundamentally different epistemological class. Plasma first forms at thousands of Kelvin, fusion requires hundreds of million. On the journey from absolute zero to a fusion reactor, plasma is a hundredth of a thousandth of the way there. The "unscientific" side might be best explained by a little editorializing. Theory, experiment and now computation have ended up split between specilaists because the required knowledge for each can no longer practically fit into one education. The effect of this is that since one brain has been separated into many heads, lots of partly-formed ideas must be communicated between them to replace what used to be internal musing. Lots of published theory has little experimental or numerical footing; theory is the superego of the split mind and plays the closest role to imagining goals and setting courses. Experiment would be lost without theory: experimental papers are relatively light on interpretation and usually serve to "check out" theorized results. To continue the metaphor they're the Id: sometimes experiments come up with results that no rational mind could have expected, grabbing the wheel and bringing theory crashing back down to earth, and upon reaching the earth again launching it off in amazing new directions. Computational physicists (I'm including anyone who spends most of their time with numbers in this) are left as the integrating Ego, trying to write code that models the theories and analyses the data and on a good day gives the same answers for both. Finally, I should add that all of these intermediate results are very carefully worded to be true , claiming no more than can be claimed. The system would still work if they were phrased assertively but there's such a strong culture of truth that nobody does that. So, you can trust the papers, but not so much the magazine write-ups which usually clobber the careful stepping. His story sounds like it's more about integrating society with the idea of children. Politically "active material" is, for some reason, the only branch of knowledge that we all seem to agree can't be expressed in words. I can tell you everything known about the effects of... caffeine on general health: all I have to do is start talking, and then not stop until I've said every well-supported, relevant fact. There's absolutely no fundamental reason why I can't put the profile of an undocumented hard-working fruit picker in the same broadcast as a report on a brutal drug-related homicide believed to have involved people here illegally. There are many political reasons why I wouldn't do that, most of them related to the motivations that drove me to do character profiles (a dangerous combination of emotional credibility and statistical weakness) in the first place, instead of having calm talks about the large averages that we use to illuminate every field of truth that's devoid of strong ulterior motives. The tools that we could use to get the "uninterested" to believe the truth work equally well for falsities, and are usually used to spread beliefs of convienience. If those tools were just sent down entirely, you'd be left with "right" and "random," and the random would always average out at the polls. Sadly, in our present world stupid is dangerous because machiavellians and martyrs alike are magnetizing it with arguments that are as wrong as they are emotionally convincing. In one HN thread I've seen one person is talking about the benefits of tipping officials, and another commenting on how we've all broken laws anyways and that prosecution is mainly based on not "pissing off" the government. When did my country become third-world? > Successful Does she show motivation 9-5? If so there might be an answer that's more elaborate than "broad chemical imbalance," and a solution a lot more emotionally tractable than a divorce. I think what you're describing is fundamentally against the incentives of lawmakers. Complex laws make it possible to decouple legislative goals from public-image goals: when was the last time you saw something that actually had to be explained come up in a televised debate? There are so many differences between the US and China that statements like these ("children's books are raising test scores," "happiness-focused culture is lowering suicide rates") are completely silly. There are innumerable variables at play, and they're all adding to and canceling each other out in wild and unpredictable ways. The news makes you more poorly informed: by encouraging you to see everything in the light of whatever narrative they've invented, it makes the information you gain from other channels less useful than it would otherwise be. I'd love to live in a world where all political problems were concentrated in a single party that enjoyed no support from smart people. I don't think that's our world, though. > "Not everyone has this reaction, of course: people in the fifth or sixth sigma of slot-machine susceptibility go out and[...]" Every time a new one of these mental attacks gets invented, a new five-sigma cohort falls off the "normal life" wagon. How many times can this happen before expansive hordes of people who have had their priorities destroyed start a new social crisis? Both parties are the same in that in neither case should "party" be taken as sufficient evidence of someone being worthy of office. It would improve the quality of your votes if you ignored party entirely and forced yourself to find out what your representatives actually believed. This reminds me of that javascript technique where you load a page as soon as you detect a mouseover on the link. http://instantclick.io/ (try their documentation page for a demo of link-clicking) For a while it has been possible to manipulate browser history with pushstate and popstate, including the URL that shows in the address bar. I believe that for a while now it has been possible to fully imitate a conventional website on a single "page." (A while ago, I worked on doing this on a job where we had to keep a websocket open at all times.) There is a small problem with your explanation: refraction can happen with single photons, which means that the "minimum path length" rule continues even as the wave formulation breaks down. If you say "the photon travels along all paths at the same time, finally choosing one path to have 'really' gone down," then you have to explain how it was able to move faster than light to collapse down to the single point where you found it on your camera's sensor. There is indeed a mystery here. In fact, since the only option I know of that eliminates spooky FTL signalng and spooky hidden (unobservable) mechanics has spooky alternate universes, I feel safe in concluding that at least one spooky thing has to be happening, even though we don't know which one it is. Well, here's why I wanted to bring up QM: the principle of least time is really most at home in geometric optics where beams of light are arrows and everything is steady-state. In that view, things are indeed nonlocal: I can alter the arrows drawn for a beam of light going from A to B by doing something over at point C. Wave optics would understand this as interference, but if we insist that we want to keep the arrows then we have to introduce the path integrals. Essentially, geometric optics lets us draw arrows and assert refraction, QM lets us draw arrows and derive refraction, but wave optics doesn't really involve arrows at all. Could any radio engineers weigh in on how practical ultra-directional radio antennas could be for this? I'm imagining collimated radio beams (like lasers) which could bypass the need (not necessarily the existing legislation) for spectrum regulation. What if every house had a few microwave drums on the roof? It's only a matter of time before some stupid kids start jumping in the way of self-driving cars to make them brake hard. That's when we'll see the anti-pedestrian regulations appear, by my estimation. > John Stuart Mill’s notion that a “marketplace of ideas” will elevate the truth is flatly belied by the virality of fake news. Wow. I think this sentence is a great example. The author makes no attempt to convince us that fake news is actually winning out over real news - they just assert it along with their primary claim in the hope that we will be carried along into both by the momentum of their article. Yellow journalism goes back to the beginning of press freedom and lying goes back to the beginning of speech. We've had ways of combating these things for generations - ways that can't be used to make false statements - but people have always wanted to reach over and silence their opponent through (sometimes abstract) force. The problem with that? Your opponents can sometimes do it to you, too. Well, implicitly, I meant to hint that after one or two incidents, the lobby might convince the legislature to swing way too far in the other direction. (A very common tactic. You can't just hand liability from one party to another, not in an area people know and care about.) It's a bit off-topic, but there are indeed many! The simplest that I can think of is the grammar that produces all statements of the form (N not gates) (N+2 not gates). Although, the search for a real answer to your question is an active subject in philosophy. What I was really talking about was how there are a huge number of "methods of convincing" that work better for the truth than for lies - sometimes so much better that they essentially don't work for lies at all. An example of that kind would be pointing at an object everyone can see and saying, "that thing, there." The best I can do is convince you that the difference is one of quantity, not kind. All liars tweak their lies for the weaknesses of their perceived audiences. Governments all across the political spectrum have sat in back rooms, carefully considering what the people should be made to think. That's been going on for a very long time. You can't create a pannel of lie-destroyers because the liars would just see them as another audience to capture. The only solution, as uncomfortable as it might be, is to mix people so well that there's no way to lie to a target without a nearby non-targeted friend finding out. What does that look like in practice? A marketplace of ideas. If people are captured in filter bubbles, you have a thousand local monopolies of ideas. One reason to think the physics would be interesting: it isn't every day that we can arrange macroscopic systems in ways where their small-scale behavior gets amplified enough for us to measure. Arranging a blowup in the Navier-Stokes equations would be a way to study atomic-scale physics on human scales - and, likewise, arranging a blowup (if one exists) in the QCD quark-gluon plasma equations would allow us to get unexpectedly sensitive measurements of particle-scale physics. > the economy would run better (i.e. free market) without their "help". That's impossible, because if the right answer is to leave the market alone then economists can help gather the political will to stay the visible hand - and if the right answer is to change things then the right person to have decide what to do is someone that has thought deeply about it, by definition making them an economist. The willingness to slog though abusive working conditions is one of the most highly-selected-for trait in tech. Mature people are, on average, are less willing to do this than young people of the customarily military age range. There's no particular need for a special explanation of how particle exchange could produce an attractive force: as unlikely as it seems in classicical physics, it's how the forces (electromagnetic) arise in QED. The exchange of virtual photons can transport momentum any way you like. I'm still waiting for a TV commercial to tell me the story of a kid whose parents lost their jobs due to emissions restrictions. Anectodes work perfectly - it's terrifying, because they work in any direction equally well. > There is no widely accepted model of what really happens on microscopic scales, There's no experimental reason to come up with one - virtual photons work, which means anything else is at this point a matter of philosophy. That's not to cast off philosophy, of course. I was actually just trying to file off the flamebait without changing the meaning - since "the most" was meant as a figure of speech in the first place I missed that someone could have seen it as a key point. The sibling essentially sees what was going on here, I was thinking of a closely-weighted linear classfier where a small change to the weights could alter their ordering but do little to change the results. Although it's definitely my responsibility to write clearly, in the future I'll think more carefully about what my replies are actually disagreeing with before I make edits that I think are just phrasing! (And yes, I also had a few edits here before I found a way to write it clearly.) I think the author is talking about making bad-faith but very defensible interpretations. You can accomplish that by purposely taking hyperbole too literally, or by intentionally overlooking that a statement was meant as a metaphor. (Just a couple of examples.) Very often, English-language experts can appear to defeat subject-matter experts in debates. When this happens it's usually because of footwork on the "language layer." You've given a good example of what well-known really means: "well-known among the expected audience." Aside, I honestly wonder if I would be able to recognize Katy Perry in person... It does make piracy impossible, though. The ultimate user-hostility for the ultimate bad-actor-hostility. It's like the infinite limit of DRM. If your tree-death metric depended on the number of people who claimed to have heard a tree fall, tree deaths would appear to increase with greater numbers of hikers. Statistical polution is far from a purely philosophical issue... Through a sufficiently creative definition of spying, nobody has been spied on in human history. Otherwise, we're forced to contend with the fact that we are being caught in the same dragnets that were advertised to catch the next Osama. (Not advertised to us, of course - we had no serious chance to vote on it.) Here's a detailed writeup. It had been claimed that the phone tracking was reduced, the rest clearly remains: https://www.aclu.org/issues/national-security/privacy-and-su... I understand that some disagree with the other (and past) positions of the ACLU and may be disinclined to trust its website. Fortunately this issue isn't a particularly party-based one. Here's another good source, although it also says a lot about the history of the leaks: https://www.eff.org/nsa-spying If there is any accurate secondary source that is clearly conservative, It'd be welcome for me to see it in a reply. There's no particular reason why we'd have to porkbarel this issue - presumably there would be no party affinity at all. Edit: I know that there is lots of text behind those links, but the issue is an expansive one. I sincerely invite you to read them! > This despite that they know that the device in that room is a filtering device and that Snowden's documents specifically show that the NSA filters the traffic for targets' communications. (previous post) > Secret government documents, published by the media in 2013, confirm the NSA obtains full copies of everything that is carried along major domestic fiber optic cable networks. (EFF, emphasis mine) It goes pretty far beyond that one room. It is a bit like nailing down a noodle, though, I see where you're coming from. Edit: How could a single excerpt from a single letter make any kind of claim about the activities of an entire agency ? (edited) There's one big difference: if your data was never collected, then a breach (internal or external) doesn't endanger it. If it was "collected but never looked at," then it's subject to the integral of every mistake, malicious action or rule change from now until they loose it. One of the major things that Snowden revealed was that random nobodies had huge access to sigint material. The weak link on a lot of hardware is the capacitors - I'm not sure about GPU cards, but if that's the case then you sure won't be replacing that surface mount stuff when it fails. If all you have is a single hydrogen ion (proton? I assume you mean H+), then you will always be able to choose a coordinate system where it is neither moving nor rotating. You can also do this if there is a universe outside. Alternatively, you can choose a coordinate system where the particle is rotating, accelerating, or moving however you like. Your choice will be determined by the goals you have. (Without the laws of motion, there is no reason to prefer even intertial frames over nonintertial ones.) Even in the Copenhagen interpretation states can have well-defined angular momenta before wavefunction collapse. >Quality of salt It's not on its face impossible for sea and rock salt to differ in trace minerals, but be aware that the salt itself is the same in both. From the medical stuff you mentioned it sounds like it's the salt itself that's having the beneficial effect and not the other minerals. Although, I do see an oft-overlooked wrinkle to it: the costs of these minor changes are so small that the odds that there might be something going on unknown to medicine might be worth taking. > > Without the laws of motion There are no meaningful potentials in the one-particle universe that the OP described. However the particle is "really moving," you could just invent a coordinate system to make it "move" however you like. Even introducing EM would bump you up to at least two particles! The only reasonable one particle universe would be one where the partice was coupled to nothing. (It is under the "try to interpret it as they meant it" doctrine that I go from a proton to a particle that doesn't leave behind a disturbed field when it accelerates.) > a symbol of political identity > Then said they unto him, Say now Shibboleth: and he said Sibboleth: for he could not frame to pronounce it right. Then they took him, and slew him at the passages of Jordan: and there fell at that time of the Ephraimites forty and two thousand. https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Shibboleth In that case, you'd want everybody running profitless basic research scientific computations for other people's research teams. Eventually we may be able to buy cloud compute by inventing a new coin with a proof of work useful only to us, buying some Etherium to back it with (so that there's some initial value to mining it), and then letting speculators put it in there currency baskets to give it long-term value. That's true, but nobody would be able to bet on it being useful specifically to them . (I'm thinking about simulating LHC stuff, searching astronomical data, the sorts of things where at the time of computation nobody has a clue who will end up benefiting. Protein folding might be off-limits depending on who wants to know how it folds, and why.) I wouldn't mind it if someone pressed me about those companies, Uber can absolutely be managed on the local government level, and the other bad stuff that these big companies do is within the range of activism. It's not 100% my responsibility, but there's probably at least a 1 a few zeroes after the decimal. Secondly, when one company gets away with something in the US, we have a fairly good reason to believe that other companies could get away with something similar. So, if I were a person in any country (even the US), and I needed to decide whether or not I could trust a US company not to do something to me, legal precedent in the US would actually be very relevant. To make this concrete, I bet Europeans have become rightfully wary by now about the data privacy implications of banking/shopping or otherwise making an account with US business. What you're describing is the basic shift between what lower-ed science/math is like and what "real" (college) science/math is like. The problem is that everything they teach in highschool and below needs to have an escape hatch for "what if they have anti-ADHD* but no clue what's going on?" That's why you were able to solve for v without obtaining any knowledge about the universe, and why taking discrete math did what they claimed geometry would do. * It's kind of a stupid way to put it, but by anti-ADHD I mean sufficiently controlled behavior combined with the ability to focus on any rote task until it is completely learned (basically, whatever traits or life conditions you need to have the opposite of ADHD). No matter what, you're not allowed to fail that group. Well, some parts of it are a lot more likely to fail-deadly than others. A commercial power supply that outputs 12V or whatever your servo wants basically can't burn anything. As for bugs in the control code freezing your pipes? Well, just give the code as much care as you give to driving and you should be fine. ;) (The serious solution to that is to have a dead simple failsafe controller that switches between on, off and auto, where auto is controlled by your crazy inventions.) Sure, but if nobody in your country wants to conquer the world then the others will never reap the benefits of someone having conquered a piece of it. You have to strike a balance. If there's no personal ambition then there's no wealth to redistribute. If there's no fairness then one person takes everything and the whole thing stops. To that end, why shouldn't people fully invest themselves in their role? Expecting CEOs to manage social fairness would be a massive conflict of interest - so we should probably expect other people to keep tabs on that. Tears are set up to drain into the nasal cavity, so when she does that she's probably just forcing air back up the drain. http://care.american-rhinologic.org/sinus_anatomy?print The reason that it is difficult to write physics knowledge in English is because physics knowledge is math, in that really what it boils down to is a bunch of relationships between things we can measure and other things that are studied by mathematicians. That's what we've been building up over these thousands of years. That's what it is. You absolutely can explain a physical law in English, but it's either going to be 1. directly correspondent to the equations or 2. inaccurate. I'm not sure what you mean by that. Charges q1 and q2 will experience forces (all else being equal) proportional to q1*q2. This captures the way attraction/repulsion scales with amount of charge, and gives you the sign rule for "free." Here is a fairly in-depth page about it: http://farside.ph.utexas.edu/teaching/em/lectures/node28.htm... > So we can't say the phenomenon is the mathematical formulation That's true, but our knowledge of the phenomenon is exactly equivalent to our knowledge of the math. Our knowledge of the math consists of knowing that it fits experiment (the part that makes it physics,) and also knowing how we can manipulate it symbolically (this part is math and captures the equivalent formulations.) > There is a '3' here, too. You're right, I had missed that option. Although this is very rarely possible and when so very difficult. One of the problems with English is a poor control of ambiguity: it's never clear about which parts of what has been stated were meant. Ideally we would be writing our vague physics explanations in an oligosynthetic language where we could append phenomes until a word had reached exactly the level of specificity intended - instead we have to wave our hands and hope that people don't make the wrong guesses about which interpretations were intended and which weren't. I think the intuitive leaps (How was this discovered? How do we think about this in practice? How should we arrange the concepts in our heads so that we can be useful with them?) are as much about the human brain and the way it works as they are about physics. It's no surprise that math isn't the best notation for them - in an alternate universe, perhaps their study is considered to be a branch of the humanities! If you asked a hyperinteligent dolphin, "how do you think about the universe?" you would receive and answer totally different from what we'd expect and probably involving a lot of fish. If you asked it how to calculate the period of a pendulum, its answer would be equivalent to ours! So in that sense I think the "profound statements," might actually be a lot less profound than the calculations themselves. I was actually trying to carefully avoid any excessively profound statements - my claim is that since our knowledge of physics is recorded in math symbols, then any other expression of that knowledge has got to be equivalent to math symbols. Secondly, I fear that we might be looking at a Chinese room problem. If I gave you a sheet of paper with someone's correct homework on it, could you really know for sure if they had a clue what they were doing? Yes, it's critically important to make sure people understand that propagation of errors is as much a part of scientific knowledge as the ideal equations. (That's still math, though. ;) I'm not talking about platonic ideals, just symbols and practical considerations.) Propagation delays are missing from Columb's law, which is what you get from Maxwell's equations when you assert that everything is static (meaning, in a practical sense, that you think everything is slow-moving enough .) This can be written in either math or English - and don't think that it's never "aesthetic" to write math in English. People do it sometimes. > More generally and abstractly, does the math have anything to say about causes, and if not, is that a limitation or a profound insight? The most reductive way of looking at it is that physical laws are the file-compressed versions of lots and lots of lab spreadsheets. The odd part about this picture? The compression ratio is mind-boggilingly high; and even more amazingly it can often (essentially always) predict the contents of lab spreadsheets that have not already been filled. Information theory probably has something to say about how this works out but I don't know what it would be. Probably the only way you'll receive compensation is with a lawsuit. That's not a good argument at all. Thinking that legalization should happen in every state has nothing to do with thinking that it will probably happen in some states before others. Why would a legalization supporter want to make it a federal issue when fewer than 50% of states support the idea? If people with different views are concentrated in different areas, we can maximize total democracy (i.e. representation of citizen's opinions in government) by allowing them to pick their own local laws. Many Americans who live in former Confederate states say that the civil war was fought over the autonomy of the states vs. federal unification. Many Americans who live in former (and current, haha) Union states say that it was fought for the economic interests of rich Southern slaveholders. There's a lot of bad blood in this discussion as you can see! K-Space is sufficiently general, because "k" is defined as the wavenumber (2pi over wavelength). That's simply related to frequency in nearly every case unless your medium is interstellar hydrogen or shockwaves in air or something. If you need to talk about frequency specifically you could talk about the period (inversely proportional) or the angular frequency (factor of 2pi). If medical records were spread out, they would be spread out in encrypted form. Nobody would be able to read them except for the right people, which would actually be a step up from today's poor situation. I understand your point now. You're talking about spreading medical records between hundreds of third parties with terrible security practices, and I'm talking about an ideal decentralized system with lots of clever cryptography a la the blockchain. Maybe they are guessing that you might not have updated your profile, when they recruit you inaccurately. (More realistically, they have a quota to fill...) If you really do look down on your old friends and acquaintances like that (so that you see their posts as all about being poorer and less articulate than you), then you're probably the one making posts that depress them . Imagine yourself as if you went to highschool in the society where you now work (so that now, the people you used to know are twice as educated and lots of them are far more wealthy), or perhaps imagine what it would be like to have stayed in your old town while someone else went to SV! > I went to a school where scholastic aptitude was something you hid, if you were smart. That's a very common experience I'm actually surprised to hear that it's ever any other way. To go a bit historical materialist on you, I think that if you took the kids at your old school and made them ten times better at thinking and ten times worse at everything else, their values would re-adjust so that they felt valuable again. People balance their values between the need to have a target to work towards and the desire to not feel terrible all the time - if you're very bad at something you're unlikely to find it an appropriate goal or a comfortable self-measure. It's worth mentioning that "quantum theory" has no implications for consciousness, especially given the headline proclaiming the opposite. There are plenty of interpretations that don't involve consciousness at all - and hopefully my use of the word interpretation clues you in to the fact that this is isn't really a physics question. Weird philosophy aside, this does look like a good explanation of the Bell inequality. If it helps, in the multiverse interpretation wavefunctions never collapse. Don't think too carefully about observation in QM it's just an artifact of getting the right answers. Physical prowess is probably just as limited as intelligence, although our culture definitely associates strength with the gym and smarts with being born that way (although both traits will be equally useless if not developed by training). > Self-replicating… well, eh. Do corporations that employ humans count? Corporations don't self-replicate, at least not intentionally. They tend to grow larger and larger until antitrust breaks them up. (This has happened enough times for me to suspect that it's how things generally work.) I can't help but think that his blog on persuasion is an attempt to lead the enlightened through work samples. I'm not sure what's questionable about that, we "erase" things from western culture (doctors being proud of bloodstains and never sanitizing for one example) to improve its effectiveness fairly often. If they're more willing to pay better wages, why wouldn't the employees go and work there instead? If the dominant motivation wasn't to make the big games more interesting, I don't know what it would be! Although "evil laundering" is definitely something that we have to watch out for, it isn't always practical to hold people responsible for their entire supply chains when we could otherwise go straight to the actual problem-causers. I think we might just have to, out of philosophical desperation, define "murder" as a set containing A. the irreversible termination of any economically useful self-directing information processor and B. acts that desensitize our inborn resistance to doing A. The first covers not killing other healthy adults/sentient robots, and the second covers not abusing animals or euthanizing anybody. As far as my gut says that's all you really need out of an ethical system, right? If I had to assign an evolutionary purpose to why we hate animal abuse so much, it would probably be that whenever the "don't torture squirrels" circuit fails homicide is not far behind. People want to climb Maslow's hierarchy in every area of their lives. If bus drivers had better pay and job security (so much so that they hit the region of diminishing returns), maybe we'd see more talk from drivers about wishing they were driving especially important buses. Many penalties have been scaled to compensate for the expected likelihood of getting caught (so as to keep the expected value of the crime negative.) Even without the radical overhaul it sounds like you're suggesting, we'll definitely have to update at least a few things. Up until this weird new thing where people want to dream up models and not worry about empiricism, "science" has always been characterized by the fact that you can strip out all the dependence on philosophy and reduce it to statements about procedures and algorithms. Every metaphysics has to reckon with our ability to act in the world, but they don't all have to include particular statements about the ontology of (say) numbers. As a result, statements about similarities between processes (for example the way counting in your head, a neurochemical process, is similar to putting stones in a bucket, a mechanical process) can be "independent" of the underlying ontological model. After all, whatever "similarity," means on the inside, those processes are "similar." In a sense, it's similar to how mathematicians write proofs in natural-ish language and call them true under the idea that they could convert them to purely formal symbolic manipulations if they wanted to put in the effort. Scientists talk about things as if they had all kinds of ontological statuses that they can't be shown to have - (ever heard a chemist describe electrons as "wanting" to occupy the lowest energy state?) - but that's nothing but language. The only reason any of it works is because you could cut out all of the weird stuff if you really wanted to. The models are also the science, because they come packaged along with statements about how well they fit the data. It's the "mechanism for the sake of having a mechanism" stuff that usually ends up as egg-on-face. Strings sit in the same group as "flux-as-actual-fluid," Boltzmann's atoms, and caloric fluid: intellectually interesting guesses that remain guesses until the empirical side gets advanced enough. The fluids lost, atoms won, and we're waiting on strings. He's proposing a theroy about human behavior. His idea is that when people are used to feeling unsafe they tend towards prey animal survival strategies (eyes darting around, focusing on escape routes instead of goals) and that when people get used to being on top of things they tend to adopt predator animal behaviors (eyes on the ball, focusing on goals instead of possible escapes.) I think the pattern where the comments usually disagree with the article is healthy. It's a point-counterpoint argument structure, where the odd layers in the tree are arguing opposite to the even layers. The article makes its case, the first comments make the case that was missing from the article, the replies make the case missing from them ... and so on. What you're on to is that all of the big popular examples of "quantum weirdness" (uncertianty, entanglement, tunneling) emerge from a very small and elegant set of axiomatic postulates. That's the beauty of physics. One such group of postulates that chemists like to use can be found at http://vergil.chemistry.gatech.edu/notes/quantrev/node20.htm... . You can probably beat the elegance of those if you're willing to step further from what's actually used in calculations, but that's not what chemists like to do. Here's a better shot at being axiomatic and elegant, but it's a lot less clear (from a lay-perspective) how they relate to reality: https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Dirac%E2%80%93von_Neumann_axio... I've also seen it used in Tumblr posts which were written with absolutely no harmful intent. It's imaginable that the author of that page had used the word in a not-mean way before in their lives, and especially likely that dripping sarcasm doesn't come through in text. As for the actual article, I guess it goes to show that this "kid genius" media stuff is always self-interested on the part of the institutions and rarely if ever benefits any kids. Presumably, you could perform many of the decompiling steps that the author performed. A great deal of the parent article seems reproduceable. If I were hired to be on the team of twenty people that collectively compose a "candidate," I would have Zuckerberg go hard on pro-data-privacy right off the bat, just to cancel out his personal history. I'd write all of his early speeches to make him "better than Stallman," and once the whole Facebook thing had been forgotten the other 19 people could start their jobs. Accusations that he had abandoned his early platform mid-election could be countered with a heartfelt statement on the importance of other things - and the privacy line could finally slip away in the comfort of the oval office. I hope nobody falls for that. > In 2011 Zuckerberg ['s sister] advocated for the abolition of anonymity on the Internet to protect children and young adults from cyber-bullying. Zuckerberg explained how anonymity is protective for perpetrators. (Wikipedia) I'm really surprised to see anyone advocating anything like that, but I guess it goes to show that Hackernews is actually a little ways out of the mainstream.