ESR is wrong, Linus is right. The letter should be read in context, and it demonstrates the blunder of ESR. Here is Linus' letter on which ESR responded: http://lkml.indiana.edu/hypermail/linux/kernel/0008.2/0201.h... And here are Linus' points, in short: http://lkml.org/lkml/2000/8/22/12 It's not Apple who built on Unix first, it was Jobs, who was fired from Apple. Jobs' work with Next was big part of Apple's comeback. Other Jobs' new decisions provided the rest of success. also re "how well that worked out for Apple the first time" -- actually: Windows managed to imitate most of Mac UI only with Windows 95, some eleven years after first Mac. Before Windows 95, Windows was ugly. Also note that some court decisions in Microsoft's favor were needed in order to help Microsoft imitate Apple in 1995. Absolutely not true that there's no difference. The speed of your desktop comes from using POWER. Today's desktop CPUs alone pull up to 130 WATTS. My desktop CPU bought in 2000 used 30 W. Now even notebook CPUs use more when they're not idle! Now I can come to a lot of web pages where only Flash ads use 100% of a modern CPU! That translates in 60-70 Watts. Then compare all this with the goals for device which should work with battery for hours. > Surely the best argument against Job's position is the iPhone itself. The most important and dominant crossplatform framework in the world is HTML+JS and Apple actually wanted it to take the place of native frameworks. But we all know how that ended and now we have the App Store. And with this paragraph you exactly proved why Flash doesn't have sense on the iPhone. he practically stole the phone and then sold it. he didn't even try to leave it at the bar, to ask the day later the bar people if somebody asked for it (the guy who was missing it returned more times!) he didn't try to return it directly to Apple (And maybe receiving the current generation phone as the present) he obviously wanted to profit by selling it to somebody else, as he asked more media companies! correcting the lies of jessie warden: When I reach his page I see this which hides his text: "Notice JavaScript for Mobile Safari is currently turned off. Turn it on in Settings › Safari to view this website." And I'm surfing his site with Opera on PC. Would you believe somebody of his competence? OK now I know about: "git pull --rebase" If only somebody would explain what this really does! The man pages are not helpful! git-pull(1) Manual Page says: "--rebase: Instead of a merge, perform a rebase after fetching. If there is a remote ref for the upstream branch, and this branch was rebased since last fetched, the rebase uses that information to avoid rebasing non-local changes. To make this the default for branch , set configuration branch. .rebase to true." Oh how clear. So let's try git-rebase: "If is specified, git rebase will perform an automatic git checkout before doing anything else. Otherwise it remains on the current branch. All changes made by commits in the current branch but that are not in are saved to a temporary area. This is the same set of commits that would be shown by git log ..HEAD (or git log HEAD, if --root is specified). The current branch is reset to , or if the --onto option was supplied. This has the exact same effect as git reset --hard (or ). ORIG_HEAD is set to point at the tip of the branch before the reset. The commits that were previously saved into the temporary area are then reapplied to the current branch, one by one, in order. Note that any commits in HEAD which introduce the same textual changes as a commit in HEAD.. are omitted (i.e., a patch already accepted upstream with a different commit message or timestamp will be skipped)." I'm lost! Now can anybody explain so nice like Yehuda did about the workflow, what and why that git pull did "wrong", and what the hell is that that "--rebase" does "right." Especially as here and there "--rebase" is described as something that "doesn't keep history" and therefore "bad." Note that I put "bad" "wrong" and "right" in quotes. I know that's all relative, I just want to get some simple explanation what's going on without reading "recursion see recursion" man pages! Thanks in advance! Why isn't --rebase default? Can anybody explain what it actually does and why it's not default, man pages are not clear to me? Every thing is explained by referring to a bunch of other things and there's not a trace of a simple explanation. OK, but I believe remote repo is there only to be pushed to, so then is there any example of benefit of pull without --rebase if the pull is anyway only done locally? http://progit.org/book/ch3-6.html Says " If you rebase commits that have already been pushed publicly, and people may have based work on those commits, then you may be in for some frustrating trouble." but not how that can happen at all, provided you always "pull --rebase" and then "push", and if that can happen at all, then what to do. Thanks knowtheory, that's exactly what I wanted to read, that git pull --rebase is "take all the commit nodes from my local branch (remember them), and rewind the history back to the point where my repository was in synch with the remote repository. THEN update my repository with the remote changes, and try and apply all my local commits on top of my newly synched tree."" Now what's "git pull" explained in the same terms? Is it "produce errors as if remote were in sync with local even if it's obvious it isn't"? Who needs that? If it's not, then what is a proper description? And is there any scenario in which remote was changed, you want to push there your changes and you wouldn't want "git pull --rebase"? Thanks! Arrington is clearly wrong. It's clear that nobody told him to copy paste the whole content, or gave him the permission. He just trolls now for more hits. But he'd just lose if he'd come to court. "Merge, on the other hand, will attempt to create a merge commit. A merge commit is one that has two parents. In this case, the parents are the tip of the remote master and the tip of the local master." Now what I understand from that is that "merge" (that is pull without rebase) should not be worse in any way! In both scenarios git doesn't have less information to begin with, it doesn't start with any false assumption, it's just that without --rebase the resulting local repo is supposed to contain a bit more information. Then why in the world is "pull --rebase" again "easy" to make the result and why is plain "pull" something that's "hard" to do for a beginner? Now I think it must be some side effect of one or another that makes the whole story relevant? Those are good arguments why "pull --rebase" is not a default action, thank you. Now I don't understand why either "pull" or "pull --rebase" is supposed to have any different behaviour when somebody does it! As far as I undestand git has enough information not to complain more in one case and less in another, and as far as I understood, the main argument of the main article was that "--rebase" somehow "eases some pain"!? How come? Yes, it's obvious they simply saved all the unencrypted packets they were able to get. If your your e-mail server didn't have encrypted communication, they saved your mails and your passwords. And yes, anybody else could have done that with your unsecured WiFi packets. The difference here is the large scale of collection and the power of the collector. The chance for misuse would be mostly by having it in wrong hands, but there's already immense amount of data on Google that would be of the same nature. If you use them you better trust them. My much bigger worries are that people don't see problem in sites like Facebook asking the passwords of your e-mail accounts to "connect you with your friends." And people do this gladly! It's just not optimally written, the major question should be: Which application do you want to write that oh so really demands Flash and would give users better experience than going native? I don't believe such an application exists! No, he is right. If you don't want to make great apps, you are free not to make them, or to make that what you think would be great with Flash for another platforms (but note that evan Adobe can't make the demo which doesn't crash on these other platforms(!)). Exactly the selection of what makes his platform is what makes it unique and, to people who buy the product, better than other offerings. The article is not clear about the details. As far as I know options have a fixed expiration date. Shares don't. It's not clear when the options he exchanged for shares were supposed to expire and which was the market price at that moment. It seems that the author doesn't have the real idea what he actually wants to measure? He just throws some heaps of code and gives some numbers. I haven't seen that he even tried to specify what he wants to achieve. His posts just don't have sense. Something which is really useful is on: http://shootout.alioth.debian.org/ For example: http://shootout.alioth.debian.org/u64q/compare.php?lang=go etc but it's wrong to believe BP estimates when comparing: "the amount of oil spilling into the Gulf of Mexico may be 20 times the size of BP's earlier claims of 5000 barrels per day (2.4 million gallons spilled as of May 24, 2010), according to an exclusive analysis conducted for NPR.[37]" http://www.npr.org/templates/story/story.php?storyId=1268095... Gulf Spill May Far Exceed Official Estimates by Richard Harris If that is true the speed of leakage this time was immense compared to other events, so prompt action is justified. The bombastic claim "The large galaxy pictured here contains 8 times as many stars as our own Milky Way Galaxy. It is so large, it technically shouldn't exist" has a much saner description here: http://hubblesite.org/newscenter/archive/releases/2005/28/fu... It appears to be "too young" according to the expectations of those used to look at the "closer" things. So not that impressive, compared to what had to happen before: According to our current knowledge, the whole universe must have grown up 10 to 78 th power times in volume (!) in only 10 to -32 th of second (!), so I'm not that impressed that there existed some big galaxy somewhere the whole 800 million years after the inflationary period! Why not? > The inability to have access to apps that steve doesn't necessarily approve of? Can you imagine that have your own shop in which you want to sell a lot of toys to kids. Why should a local porn dealer have the right to sell the porn in your store? Jobs has the right to select what he wants to sell. You have the right to select where and what you buy. Whenever I hear such arguments they smell me to people who are actually porn dealers unsatisfied with their own shop who think they have the right to demand from a shiny shop over the street to sell their goods for them. Tthe parent article complains: "The Financial Times article states that: 'Windows is known for being more vulnerable to attacks by hackers and more susceptible to computer viruses than other operating systems.' The facts don’t support the assertion." Both parent article and parent post switch the topics: Though Microsoft did a lot of work to improve security, Windows as a platform (when you include anything installed on Windows like Adobe Flash and Reader) is certainly "more vulnerable to attacks by hackers and more susceptible to computer viruses." I don't think I have to provide examples, anybody is able to count. That's why I actually like that iPhone and iPad don't allow "anything goes" with the native apps. That's the biggest improvement in approach to the security in the last decades. Of course it doesn't fall. Try to count the number of IE toolbars for Windows, then try to count for Mac. Try to count the number of antivirus programs for Windows, then for Mac. Try to count how many shell extensions are installed with different programs. How many file handlers etc. On every Windows computer the attack surface is unbelievably bigger, unless you're very untypical user. But even more important reason for increased "Windows platform insecurity" is the economy -- evildoers can control much more computers (and make more money) if they invest the time to make Windows trojans. On the other side, I believe that if we just look at the Apple software for Mac delivered by default and the Microsoft software delivered with the OS, Apple is more vulnerable -- Microsoft really does much more security work on the core (in invested man hours per lines of code of the core) and delivers less functionality than Apple by default -- even a mail client is not an official part of Windows 7, that's good trick to have more secure default OS package. Still if you use Windows you're much more likely to fall victim, and it will remain so for a quite while. I'm very sure he has the code he haven't really made to properly scale with more cores or processors. The fact that he doesn't write much about the code in the article suggests me that he doesn't really know how to make scalable processing -- for anything nontrivial it's not easy at all, and I'd personally be able to make it more optimal in C than in Java, simply because there's more that I don't directly control in Java. see for example: http://shootout.alioth.debian.org/u64q/benchmark.php?test=al... the post is not linking to the real article of the guy, which is on http://www.jvuletich.org/Morphic3/Morphic3-201006.html but to fully unneeded and uninformative second-hand writing on squeak.org, and that's just wrong! Re: "embedded malware for Mac": let's count the number of malware waiting to trick you to come to your PC with Windows OS. Than do the same for Mac. For Windows it's certainly hundreds of thousands, if not millions, every kid writes them, there are even enough "no-need-to-know-programming" kits. From Macs the number is, I'm guessing now, tens at most? It does matter, an it matters a lot, what platform you use. I still claim he doesn't understand scalability for multi processor platforms. I don't claim he didn't made fast processing by writing his custom code, but he writes, his code is fastest on a single core, and as far as I see, he doesn't know why. So I conclude he knows to code but only non-parallel. I took a speed-reading course and read War and Peace in twenty minutes. It involves Russia. (Woody Allen) I agree with you. The truth is, there's simply not enough bandwidth, especially not to stimulate "unlimited" data use and motivating people to become "data hogs." And it's not easy at all to increase the resources. There are real physical and technical limitations for providing more bandwidth which are hard to overcome in many areas. The unlimited data plan was designed for much less devices in the wild. You're wrong. I've actually had to maintain the big C++ projects. That have Zillion of classes, fully different, but each one has more Read(), Write() functions. Some are virtual, some are not. Some have two parameters, some have three, some four. And they even do fully different stuff! Which Read() will be called depends on anything and everything. I claim you just can't figure out what some piece of code does in any other way than by actually single-stepping through the debug build. Any time the debug build pieces of code don't reflect the source, you're fully lost. Note that Linus usage scenario is "read the chunk of code outside of the whole source base" and you argumenting "if I use some hypotetical very clever tool the tool would maybe able to show me what some line in the chunk of code actually does." I've actually made some "very clever tools" since some twenty years ago. And I wouldn't want to have to use them on the really big projects. The article is really poorly written. The specific example is very specific, the claims that "nobody else gets it" are in fact unsubstantiated. All the effects he mentions are very known among right professionals. And the title text is not about "relative latency" you mention but about the cost of paging, once something gets paged out. Even then there was no such thing in peer reviewed works: http://www.realclimate.org/index.php/archives/2005/01/the-gl... Somebody should measure fannkuchredux in Opera and compare that with C implementation speed. For some scenarios Opera's Javascript JIT already achieves speeds close to C. Anti-AGW is absolutely anti-science and that can be proved by their target group. Their base target is people who don't know enough, a few more educated people but on margins and finally the people with direct interest in keeping the consumption as is. They don't "point to red flags" in a sensible way, they make immense noise targeted to the ignorant masses, and it works -- in keeping the world not changing. Which can't end good, no matter what people who want to close their eyes hope. Am I the only one who doesn't like the "funny sounding" titles and subtitles in technical writing? I know it got fashionable decades ago in computer magazines but it's really annoying, at least for me, in any text that is not a really short article, since the titles in longer texts should be used for a reference and not "to make the popular article appear less boring." How do you use fork? "Oh, just look under the title "I'm mentally prepared! Give me The Button!"" --- what the heck!? I don't think so. That was the first mainstream channel which provided convenient links to news in English even from other countries. I don't agree that "it's fairly easy to make important speed gains when starting from such a lowly position" has any relevance: In my micro-tests Opera's JS can run the same numeric loop (producing the same result!) almost 200 TIMES faster than Python, and for example, faster than the C code compiled by gcc 3. Opera manages to achieve that from plain JS code, and up to then only ActiveScript and Microsoft's JScript were able to match, but they both needed explicit typing for the same results. So it doesn't matter where they started, now they really achieve impressive results. It's true, though, that Google's move resulted in everybody else having to do that too. Microsoft tried to avoid, as they knew that Google benefits more from really fast JS, but the pressure continued... Absolutely! Damn language innovators who think that solving module linkage is "not sexy" but modifying syntax to be unprocessable by people and machines is. Google Go is fast because it stole ideas from Wirth and followers (Turbo Pascal, Modula) who actually took the care to provide sane module linkage for decades. The proper path to the evolution of C was to keep includes and classic linking but to allow "module linking" too. All that was being done for decades, only not in C and C++. Exactly, with the BASIC in my Spectrum (1984) I was able to draw over the whole screen in full resolution (at that time even the very "bitmapped" screens were novelty, other computers had special regime for drawings and another for letters -- Mac, who broke that, came only in 1984, PC users stopped using text modes only with Windows, which got popular only around 1990) -- one single statement to draw the line, one single statement to draw the circle... to put that in the loop you needed only two lines more, or you could even write it in the same line. And no special editor needed, you just type, press Enter, and the result appeared immediately. And no icons, no toolbars, title bars... Command, result. Or a few lines of program, result. Try now to draw something. Try to produce the sounds of notes with it. It was simple, now it's not, that's why it's not THAT. It's sad that it's so hard these days to do some basic stuff, like only a few typed words to draw something etc. Today even languages that should be simple aren't. Import libraries, reference modules, only to evaluate abs(-2)? Failure of modern language incarnations... I think you missed the point, it's issuing and enforcing the software patents that is bad for anybody but the biggest companies. In my opinion the main problem that EU regulations brought to Europe is exactly that it's now much easier for big companies to push through new laws which are good only for the mentioned big companies and which then get applied by all the members. And sorry, I falsely understood that you believed that the easer issuing of patents which is probably coming in EU is what's "better" in EU than in US. Now I've read more carefully -- I'm the one who overlook the "but" in your sentence. I live in Europe and the press is here full of such examples. Before, the corporations had to lobby the politicians of every state and some things would simply never get through as the attempts would induce reactions from opposition and the media attention. Now corporations simply lobby the bureaucratized "representatives" decisions of who are almost never covered by media -- cheaper, simpler, and almost always works. Try discovering how GM food got allowed in EU. What's ironic is that Windows 7 was designed to be more Mac like and less like Windows XP and now they want to claim advantage for Windows 7 as being "more like the computer you know to use." I have the book and was disappointed, my experience was "OK let's learn about X" I search to find mention in the book, and I get something like "mostly harmless." Or something with much less information than in the first few lines of the wikipedia article about X. I still don't know where's any good stuff in that book. Anybody cares to explain? It's simple if you think about it: the company has its own servers, and as far as I understand, what presented as a "plugin" is a browser extension. So yes, I'm very sure it's not something that runs only on your machine and only communicates with google. Call me paranoid, but I wouldn't give one more company the access to my e-mail. However it seems quite common today, that's what a lot of "social" sites prompt people and they gladly enter the login data. Wow that's interesting: I've found a paper from 1975 Lex − A Lexical Analyzer Generator http://staff.ustc.edu.cn/~shzhang/staff/lesk-lex.pdf and Google's Eric E Schmidt was only 20 at that time according to Wikipedia: http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Eric_E._Schmidt He got BSEE on Princeton in 1976. OK, both Bell Labs and Princeton are in New Jersey, but it's still quite impressive to be the developer of lex in Bell Labs as a 20-year old Princeton student. Of course even more impressive is being 129th richest person in the world in 2006. It's still bad, since it will lead to the effect "just write every class with auto." C++ combined memory allocation and the object destruction in one thing and now we have too many people that think those should be one primitive. They shouldn't. Once you recognize that you have to care about both separately, you start to recognize that even GC is an answer to the wrong question. For really "cool" programs (using the most of the resources etc) you simply have to manage memory yourself. Object should not manage their allocation, they should just "know" who's in charge for their allocation. Some Bloomberg guys recognized that and made some libraries for C++, ans some work was done to get something like that in C++ standard, but I don't know if the result is useful. I also don't know if such ideas would look nicer in D. Asus wanted. Some time ago Asus had preparations to introduce non-x86 (but ARM) based netbook. It would be cheap, use less power, you name it (iPad is also ARM based). But Microsoft and Intel twisted Asus' arm, and Asus even had to publicly apologize for mentioning "the product that is not going to be." AS3 is fast as the language, but developers can make too CPU intensive animations there too. Moreover AS2 in which a lot of ads are still made is awful slow. And you can't control which ads (and the quality of the implementation) will be served when you're on some site -- therefore on weaker processors most of the sites which present the flash ads are amazingly hard to use -- you just experience lockups all the time. To me it's funny that you worry about toolbars that collect your browsing information and ignore the extent in which Chrome does the same. It's true Google has their tracking scripts on most of the web pages today but what Chrome does in the background seems to be one dimension more. The only difference from the toolbars is that you're not aware of it as the browser "is faster than other ones." Anybody to explain what was Hot Potato site anyway? I see it's a site where you register and post stuff. But what was unique for it? Every time I see news about Go I go and read again the http://golang.org/doc/go_spec.html to see if something got better. The first version I've read still needed ";" separators. Still, D looks to better by the order of magnitude. I think Go solves less problems than D: What I like in D is that it moves in the direction of letting the programmer interact with the "knowledge" the complier has when it processes the code, much more successful than the C++ template clumsiness. Compared to that Go has much more "old" feeling even if Rob claim it's "modern." Even more important, D allows even writing "classic C level" of code if needed -- and for some critical places it's always needed. As far as I understand, the whole D (the compiler and libraries) can be written in D, which is not the case with Go which certainly needs good-old C. You should definitely measure something from the real life. I measure something as simple as a loop in which some short floating point calculations is made (actually only two additions per loop and one FP comparison) and my measurements on the latest Intel i5 give (in seconds): 0.31 VS2010 -O2 SSE2 0.35 VC 6 -O2 0.44 cygwin gcc-4.3.2 -O2 0.95 cygwin gcc-3.4.4 -O2 I haven't tested the later 4.x gcc but the results are clear -- even VC 6, 12 years old, is better than a quite recent gcc, at least for FPU calculations. It illustrates nicely how clumsy a lot of languages are for such a simple-to-describe task. Mess with libraries, try to guess what's best to use... After all these years I still like the plainness of BASIC. Try to analyze the traffic. See if something goes to Google even for the sites that don't already have Google's tracking scripts on them. I know, "it's all for convenience of user." Speaking as a guy who writes in assembly too, I'm not sure that much can be gained by BM at least on modern out-of-order processors. The cost of comparing every byte is low, and to skip a few bytes can cost more in additional instructions which can slow the pipeline than it would be by just searching through every byte for the first one. Other speedups (mmap) sound reasonable. How about simply giving the watcher the "unblur" button, and keeping blur otherwise? That way the watcher can protect himself more from unpleasant visuals. There's also http://www.hackernewsers.com/ where you can fill your profile And it must be acceptable answer -- it's not the only thing we don't know. Almost all of the things in physics are known only as observations, and as "laws" which fit with observations and allow us to predict the results of the similar observations. Then we intentionally try to find some observation that makes us refining the rules. Like Lorentz's formulas are the refinement of some Newtonian "laws." That's how science works. I use J2ME and enjoy it. I purchased three J2ME applications, worth 100 EUR, that as far as I know still don't exist on "smartphones" (good dictionaries). I also use Opera Mini which is exactly what I need. For me J2ME apps seem to be much "safer" to use than the "smartphone" ones which typically get access to much more on the phone than it would be really needed. Not to mention that the dictionaries do work perfectly "offline." See comments from sp332 on http://news.ycombinator.com/item?id=1629961 "It's exactly the sort of thing RATE ( http://www.icr.org/rate/ ) has been talking about. The main point of the RATE project is to discredit the radioisotope dating methods. Sometimes they just send samples from the same rock formation to different labs and get different results. But they also spend a lot of time finding reasons that radioisotope decay rates might change over time. This is all from what I remember from a conversation I had with someone involved with the project about 10 years ago. They got a lot of funding and a lot of interest back in the late 90's when they were just starting. I thought some of their research was interesting, but there was so much propaganda mixed in that it turned my stomach, so I stopped following it." Still there's a good reason not to use 64 bits: interconnections, transistor count, die size. You can't have a CPU that sips milliwats of power and make an architecture of a 50 Watts beast. "So why doesn't C do it this way? Probably the hardware didn't do this at the time C was designed." As far as I know, hardware still doesn't do this, if we look at the assembly instructions of CPU's. The languages that specify it towards zero have the advantage of being able to map the computation to the single CPU instruction. Then how about giving an example of somebody who had some benefit of learning Klingon, not related to Klingon as is? I checked the Dropbox, but I don't see why a service of "storing something on some servers" has to be bound to "you must install this app which you have no control of to use the service." The only answer I see is "they want to do something nefarious." Otherwise there would be a simple web interface for people for which that is enough. Or even a simple html based API. Is Tarsnap better? Some people never reach 20+ "friends" on FB... who's to say what's the right limit to the number of "friends"? Abstract: http://onlinelibrary.wiley.com/doi/10.1002/smll.200901100/ab... Resistive Switching in Nanogap Systems on SiO2 Substrates Jun Yao5, Lin Zhong1,2, , Zengxing Zhang3, Tao He3, Zhong Jin3, Patrick J. Wheeler4, Douglas Natelson1,4, , James M. Tour2,3,* Article first published online: 28 SEP 2009 DOI: 10.1002/smll.200901100 Pdf: http://www.ruf.rice.edu/~mobile/publications/yao09small.pdf It's quite far from being proved to be feasible. I've just tried to watch one video -- Carnot cycle. http://www.khanacademy.org/video/carnot-cycle-and-carnot-eng... I've read the first book of the Feynman lectures during the last six months, only for fun, to compare the insights of Feynman with the education I've received during my school time, twenty years ago. In that lecture Khan was ALMOST right, but I think it's not good. He mentions in one moment "the energy given to the system was the higher potential energy of the rocks" which is wrong. There's no the same amount of rocks, so the energy of the remaining (less) rocks is the same as the energy of more rocks before in the process he described. Feynman's approach to actually understand that the energy transferred was to "speed up" the movement of the gas molecules is right, this is not. He also "derives" the formula with delta U = Q - ... where he should have just written Q = ... because that was what was intentionally done. So I'm not satisfied, I believe Khan was able to deliver much better lecture had he first prepared himself a little more. Maybe using some simpler book as the start but using Feynman for the insight to be able to explain what's really going on. The quote is not so dubiously attributed, here's how it appears in his "Ideas and Opinions" 1954, Crown Publishers: "ON CLASSIC LITERATURE Written for the Jungkaufmann, a monthly publication of the Schweizerischer Kaufmaennischer Verein, Jugendbund, February 29, 1952. Somebody who reads only newspapers and at best books of contemporary authors looks to me like an extremely near-sighted person who scorns eyeglasses. He is completely dependent on the prejudices and fashions of his times, since he never gets to see or hear anything else. And what a person thinks on his own without being stimulated by the thoughts and experiences of other people is even in the best case rather paltry and monotonous. There are only a few enlightened people with a lucid mind and style and with good taste within a century. What has been preserved of their work belongs among the most precious possessions of mankind. We owe it to a few writers of antiquity that the people in the Middle Ages could slowly extricate themselves from the superstitions and ignorance that had darkened life for more than half a millennium. Nothing is more needed to overcome the modernist's snobbishness." Avoiding the middle man in the event coverage is certainly the main reason for Apple to do the live stream. It's worth not having negative comments! Awful. The article writer complains that Gmail bounced his mails after his subscription expired. However careful reading reveals that he was able to select automatic renewal when he subscribed for a given time and he just didn't do that. As the subscription was only 5 dollars, I can only conclude the service was fully unimportant for him. And now he's all mad. It's much worse: the user: 1. is an "entrepreneur" 2. uses gmail as his only mail service 3. receives "up to 600 emails a day" 4. has paid 5 USD for subscription, once 5. doesn't want to automatically renew 6. ignores the expiration notification 7. observes expiration occurs 8. bitches > one renewal notification email for what is obviously a critical service. And preserved all his mails. > I'd rather receive a clear and concise notice email. He ignored it. > Put a renewal notification in the Gmail UI He already said he doesn't use web interface > Respond with a transient full inbox failure The mails bounced as he already used up immense amount of storage which he didn't pay. > instead of a permanent failure But they preserved all his immense gigabytes piled up in 6 years of his e-mail. > OP in this case is somewhat technical He gets 600 e-mails per day, as his main work, and doesn't want to even pay regularly for the service. > but if this had happened to my mom, my grandparents Because your mother or grandparent is also "an entrepreneur," gets 600 e-mails per day and has much more than seven gigabytes in gmail? He just trolls to get the attention. You have to read: http://blogs.msdn.com/b/michkap/archive/2010/03/21/9982732.a... Written by the programmer who got multiple sclerosis in U.S. How he suffered because of the system. A good example of something "only in America" (from the Europe perspective of course). > for the same sensor size MP count is better That's very wrong. The number of photons is limited, the effective light-sensitive area drops with more MP, and with small sensors with more MP you then get more noise than a signal. It's hidden by post-processing but that also drops the real information. So less MP is better in a lot of common circumstances. If you exclude professionals, nobody buys "full-frame" sensors. Excluding professionals, people don't even know what that means. Nobody brags about sensor size, everybody brags he has "more MP" than before. Also almost nobody wants to make photos only in the direct sunlight. Normal conditions are conditions with less than optimal light. So excluding "full-frame," more MP is actually worse, and people buy simply by believing "bigger number better." Edit: Let me stress once again: I'm not discussing a scenario of a "professional with a slave to carry all his equipment and another guy to set and hold the lights" but a "normal person" carrying not-too-expensive camera or even his phone and expecting "more MP better pictures." I also use Perl (5 of course) for text processing but also for some binary file modifications. Just for playing with algorithms I use Python. I still wouldn't like to have to use the "wrong" of them for the given purpose. Personally I don't expect Perl 6 to have a noticeable impact soon, I've read about it and I've never thought "that's what I've been missing all the time." Let me tell you what I'm really missing -- something even simpler than Python which would allow me to draw the random graphical things with basic interactive possibilities but with the ease of old Basic languages. I've used tkinter a few times but every time I have to make something new I just discover I've forgot all the illogical things I had to do the last time, and the old source is not of much help, I know I'll have to spend trying a lot just to make something simple, so I lose the will to even start again... It also has file description before the copy of the file data and at the second copy at the end of the whole archive, allowing fast listing of the content or location inside of the archive, exactly as the article would want. The only thing pkzip doesn't cover in the original format is unix/linux specific metadata, but maybe this was/can be added. I use info-zip when the metadata don't matter but tar when they do (but even tar has its limitations with working with unix/linux metadata). Beautifully written. Note however that mentioned Hula calendar is also very dead today (so there is an additional story to be told!): http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Hula_(software) And for those who don't know (international readers like me) the expression "albatross around the neck" which JWZ used here comes from Samuel Taylor Coleridge's poem The Rime of the Ancient Mariner (1798): In the poem, an albatross starts to follow a ship (...) the mariner shoots the albatross (...) which is regarded as an act that will curse the ship (...) To punish him, his companions induce him to wear the dead albatross around his neck indefinitely http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Albatross_(metaphor) click bait, real content link: http://news.cnet.com/2300-1035_3-10004733.html The most interesting for me was: "In 2008, average U.S household income was about $71,500, while the median -- or the point at which half of incomes are higher and half are lower -- was $52,000." The point of the article is in Clifford M. Will "The Confrontation between General Relativity and Experiment" (2001) http://relativity.livingreviews.org/Articles/lrr-2001-4/ "Gravitational wave damping has been detected in an amount that agrees with general relativity to half a percent using the Hulse-Taylor binary pulsar," I also have something to say to the first question in comments there, to which the article author answered that he can't answer. The question was "Is the speed of gravity reduced by the medium through which it travels in a analogous manner to the slowing of the speed of light through various media?" I was lucky enough to read Feynman Lectures recently, so as far as I understood him, the photons themselves don't really slow down in various media. That is, what we see as the result is the slowdown, but only because it's a new light (new photons) on the other side of the media. The photons on the other side are photons which were pushed out of the atoms of the media, that's why it appears that they come out slower. Inside, between the atoms of the media, photons still move at the speed of light. And all because Chrome OS should be a part of the TV sets! So that's the potential fight: web based OS in the TV sets versus iPhones/iPods that talk to the new Apple TV. I think it's clear who has better "remotes." I'm curious how "killer" it will be regarding power consumption. The present Hummingbird based Samsung's best single-core S5PC110 is already in 45 nm, so if they put two cores, the CPU will need twice as much power as now when both whenever the second core has to do something. I wasn't surprised about difference, only that up to now I didn't know that half of the families in US live on less than 50K USD per year. But AFAIK Cherenkov radiation occurs in medium, so there isn't any contradiction to the generally accepted limits, and Ronald Mallet is highly unlikely to be trusted, see the wikipedia entry: http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Ronald_Mallett Hardly abusing or original, generating small chunks of code and invoking C compiler on each of these is how GNU autoconf works (and the reason it works slow, too!) The actual line from Knuth's article "Structured Programming with go to Statements" is: (...) "premature emphasis on efficiency is a big mistake which may well be the source of most programming complexity and grief." Note: not "optimization" but "premature emphasis on efficiency" and "may be the source of complexity and grief" not "root of all evil." Who invented "root of all evil" then? Edit: here it is, also Knuth: " There is no doubt that the grail of efficiency leads to abuse. Programmers waste enormous amounts of time thinking about or worrying about, the speed of noncritical parts of their programs, and these attempts at efficiency actually have a strong negative impact when debugging and maintenance a considered. We should forget about small efficiencies, say about 97% of the time: premature optimization is the root of all evil. Yet we should not pass up our opportunities in that critical 3 %. A good programmer will not be lulled into complacency by such reasoning, he will be wise to look carefully at the critical code; but only after that code has been identified." OK, there it is, but nicely guarded in a long sentence and not made to be used as some mantra! Additionally, I agree with Joe Duffy: "It's an all-too-common occurrence. I'll give code review feedback, asking "Why didn't you take approach B? It seems to be just as clear, and yet obviously has superior performance." Again, this is in a circumstance where I believe the difference matters, given the order of magnitude that matters for the code in question. And I'll get a response, "Premature optimization is the root of all evil." At which point I want to smack this certain someone upside the head (...)" If I understood correctly, here the Lisp code generates the C code which generates the small chunks of Lisp code which are then compiled. But I don't understand what you mean under "intermediate expanded file." In autoconf the config.h is the final resulting chunk that is used in the final compilation (somewhat in parallel to Lisp chunks generated by the C)." What's your take? The shortest link to the explanation: http://www.google.com/instant/ The shortest link to the explanation, for those of us who don't have javascript turned on by default and want to read about it, or who don't see the new interface: http://www.google.com/instant/ "Google Instant is starting to roll-out to users on Google domains in the US, UK, France, Germany, Italy, Spain and Russia who use the following browsers: Chrome v5/6, Firefox v3, Safari v5 for Mac and Internet Explorer v8." Try typing "fuc" -- it's smart enough not to be instant :) Correct: there's real chance I'll forget what I wanted to search if I'm presented with something else shiny before! It's dangerous and it will mostly make popular searches even more popular. It's a positive feedback loop, often a bad thing. AFAIK not SafeSearch but "in addition," the second part of your qute. Well, wasn't SSH de facto broken for almost two years on Debian distros, due to the bad random number generation bug? The major problem of nuking something like that is that you can get more pieces that are out of the control. The goal is just to deflect. It's harder than it appears. I've tested http://nightly.mozilla.org/js-preview.html with my simple benchmark loop (two floating point additions per pass) and it's really better: 300M passes of loop, time in seconds: 0.88 Firefox 4b6 2.26 Firefox 3.6.6 which is approximately 2.5 times faster. Now that particular loop executes at the same speed as ActionScript 3 (in Flash 10) with explicit typing. That's the big achievement for Mozilla. Looking at their v8 bench speedup: from 0.7 ms to around 0.3 ms we get again 2.3, comparable with the simple loop measurement. But interestingly enough, Google's V8 gets its speed in a very different way, as my mentioned benchmark loop performs much worse in Chrome: 3.9 sec on Chrome 6.0.472, thats 4.4 times slower than ActionScript or Firefox Beta 4. The special symbols with their instant responses: @font-face &nbsp _ .net I don't know in which language he implements this, but if it's in any efficient language he should certainly use all the characters. Some interesting benchmarks (and also some very interesting links in the comments!) can be found at: http://www.strchr.com/hash_functions Congratulations Broadcom! It's nice to see you becoming a Linux-friendly company! It's certainly a new chapter in the history of the company! (People who use Linux and your chipsets already know why this is such a good news.) So it's finally time for XY and XX Combinators! http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/XY_sex-determination_system It reads as if my ex girlfriend wrote it, every single bit. :) I consider me lucky to be here being able to write this. 1) To be able to "search (almost) the whole internet" you have to pull the content and have "almost whole internet" on your own servers. 2) You have to update your copy of the internet regularly. 3) You don't want to search all that whenever somebody types a few words. So write programs to regularly prepare indexes in advance (just like in the books) and then when the query with words comes you can "just" look up in these. The steps above sound simple, but you can imagine that the devil is in details, that there's a lot of knowhow needed and a lot of money to do that really right. Just ask Microsoft or even some failed search company. Estimate errors are not important -- the certainty that the peak comes however is! Try to think about it, you know how exponents of 2 work: 1 2 (...) 1024 2048 Now note that to move from point n to the point n + 1 you need to use as much as in all points from 1 to n - 1: when you're at point of 1024, to move to the point of 2048 (double) you'll need 1+2+4+8+...+512 + 1 of something. According to http://www.pbs.org/frontlineworld/stories/colombia/oila.html the doubling time of world oil consumption is 30 years (just as little as 2.3% usage growth per year makes that!) That means that during the next 30 years the world needs as much oil as the total oil used from the beginning of the oil use to the 1980(!) Think again about that simple fact! Now if you know that all oil in the Earth formed from the preserved remains of prehistoric zooplankton and algae, which had settled to a sea or lake bottom in large quantities under anoxic conditions, you can imagine that the supply is really limited. Note that even the doubling the estimated world reserves that you suggest gives the humanity only a few decades more. Where do you get 50 years when the current estimated doubling time of consumption is 30 years? Approximately 40% of the world electricity production uses coal as we speak. It's not that the coal is just waiting to be used instead of oil. Your kids (if you have them) will experience oil problems anyway! Not to mention the effects of all that CO2 in the atmosphere. > If Google had made Android based on a mix of Mono and code from .NET Micro Framework, they could likely have made it so all parts are covered against Microsoft patents But all that would be only to allow the use of language as described in the given document. The way they took gave them the nice functional development environment not bound to the Windows OS. > Where is the incentive? I guess you are right, here's where some had the incentive to use the technology: http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Brazen_bull Even worse, the author claims that faster work with 200 opened tabs changed his life . How? But AFAI understand before the IPO you can't buy anything, even if the shares are valued some value in some company to company transaction. AFAIK it's not about company being sold, it's only once it's on the market (and other conditions you have are met) that you can execute your options. Then you don't have to worry to even have the mentioned 10K USD, you'll be able to get the difference between the real price of that number of shares and the strike price of your options. http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Strike_price In most nontrivial projects, C is used to solve problems that are worse being solved with other platforms: targeting the biggest possible platform independence but caring about performance. So you can't compare the "beauty" of something that is supposed to run on my 50 USD router with 32 MB with something that has not much to do (measuring CPU and memory use) and has the luxury to be compiled only by a few compilers. Another problem is that a lot projects "grow" without any vision. Once you understand that, you'll find that most of the successful C projects didn't have much more choice, more because of the history of them than anything else. However when you have the full control of the platform and have a small numbers of the developers with a good taste (you control the OS and the compiler too) you can maintain "beauty" consistently. In this regard, I suggest you to enjoy Plan 9 sources! http://plan9.bell-labs.com/wiki/plan9/Sources_repository/ind... Well I'm afraid I have to explain the post, although I believed enough of people would understand the hint and even develop discussion in that direction. I certainly didn't expect the reaction I've got. Maybe I'm being genetics-biased but the name "Y combinator" always had for me a "macho" association -- Y being the chromosome unique for men. When I read the title "woman ... Y combinator" it really stands out to me. And I see nothing wrong in the idea of also having something like the "X combinator" which would be intentionally more oriented towards women in the business. I've looked at his code. He didn't rewrite it, just wrote the wrappers to the API calls to make his usage cases more convenient for him, which is what every beginner would also do. But I hope you understand that OpenSSL has order of hundreds of thousand of lines of code (don't make me counting now) and the guy made something like a hundred lines total separated in a few functions which simply call OpenSSL API step by step to do the given task. It certainly can't be said that he "rewrote OpenSLL" and it's certainly not something that gave him any right to feel superior -- he's just a user of the API. I don't agree with the above. If we're talking about Windows, it's not "boot volume encryption" but the "C: disk encryption" that you have to worry about even if the attack scenario is data at rest. If you don't encrypt C: disk every forensic worker will trivially recover a lot of material that you'd believe was encrypted on another partition. If we're talking about Linux where you configured /boot unencrypted and everything else encrypted, only then it's about the attack scenario that parent mentions. No, it's more the question of the goal of the "attacker" when you don't do the whole-drive encryption. If you have the data on the notebook that are worth a lot of money and you can imagine that somebody would be interested at that then you should encrypt the OS partition. Ever heard about page file? It's on the OS partition, unencrypted. Temporary files? There, unencrypted. Even if the temporary files are deleted, the content of them remains on the hard disk. Unencrypted. Maybe the red flag is constant reference to the product instead of the claim that some active substance effect is tested, but I admit I don't know how otherwise such articles are written. I have impression you're right. Also see the comment of terrapinbear here, it's a "proprietary extract of the dried root of Astragalus membranaceus." and of tomwalker: "they want about $1000 a month." AFAIK it was written as the research, not to run at any specialized hardware, then "sold" as being able to run the phone switch, but it needed a "big iron" computer attached to it just to drive that switch (!) -- it was that slow. And AFAIK it's still very slow. Up to quite recently it wasn't even able to use more cores. Luckily the wasps are not the wasps most people think of, from the article: "The tiny wasps are only two millimeters long." I remember reading "Erlang - A survey of the language and its industrial applications" (Joe Armstrong - in INAP'96) Now I've checked again, so let me summarize: It started to spread "outside the lab" in 1987. In 1995 there were three commercial applications: network simulator, mobility server and distributed resource controller. First is a simulator, not running on the specialized hardware, the third was running on "a network of Windows NT machines." The second: "acts as a call control system when linked to the PBX " OK, the second was running on the additional SPARC-based machine, not big iron, but AFAIK certainly more powerful than the PC's of that time. So I don't see anything that was targeting really "specialized hardware" particularly not what we'd think as embedded (less power consumption, slower processors than the PC CPU's). It was a research project, and it had traditionally performance problems. Even today, after so many years, when you compare Erlang HiPe (Hi Perf, you can imagine others then!) with something higher than C, let's then say Lua JIT it's easy to see which one is faster: http://shootout.alioth.debian.org/u32/benchmark.php?test=all... Edit: Or for multi core 64 bits with Mono: http://shootout.alioth.debian.org/u64q/benchmark.php?test=al... I referred to the work of Joe Armstrong ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Joe_Armstrong_(programming) ) written 15 years ago. Is there something that's written there that's not true? I'd really like if Robert Virding can tell us some insider's stories. I remember also reading Armstrong's 1990 paper "Erlang - An Experimental Telephony Programming Language" where it's written "Erlang is a programming language designed for prototyping concurrent real-time distributed applications." That fits with the "simulator" application from the later paper and also fits to the "research" concept of the language. I'd be also glad to hear where Erlang beats other languages in run-time performance (not in the aspect of "it's nicer to write in it"). I'd thank Robert Virding or anybody else for that. Not just Flash -- it's an all-platforms Flash and all-platforms Reader vulnerability plus the Flash exploit for Windows in the wild! I beleive we can soon expect Reader exploits too. > Users (...) are already struggling with a graphically-based conceptual model of computers and the Internet, so showing them a flashing console cursor where they can type dozens of commands is just too much of a mind-blowing conceptual leap. I don't agree. Any user that writes anything on the computer (I exclude the ones who don't know to use the keyboard) expects to be able to type something in the computer and that the computer gives meaningful results. The success of Google proved that. It also proved another thing: where to type must be clear and obvious and the results must match the expectations. There's one obvious reason for the difference: AMD's top graphics card needs up to 300W alone (not counting the CPU power). http://www.amd.com/us/products/desktop/graphics/ati-radeon-h... The maximum TDP for the Sandy Bridge ( for CPU and GPU together !) is 95W: http://www.anandtech.com/show/3922/intels-sandy-bridge-archi... And there are of course many additional trade-offs once you design for the limited power consumption and overall complexity of the chip. It's obvious why the public is divided: if you feed them (through the media) with the "debates" and "disputes" where "each side has to be represented" you're sending a signal: "there's 50% chance of X and 50% chance of not X." Average that then across the population and don't be surprised that you'll have almost 50% of people believing X and 50% of people believing not X. If any media would make fair representation, they'd have to host for example 1000 scientists for one side and one (where they'd also have to constantly note that that one is typically not qualified in the area he disputes) for another (or even 10K scientists for one side and one for another etc.) That wouldn't make nice "debates" to sell advertising minutes or brag about the number of the viewers! When you argue alone with the fool most won't see the difference. Note also that the better title would be "The Unqualified Skeptics..." MS should be smart enough to make the best RDP client (the app to connect to Windows machine) for iPhone with the best encryption. And to work with XP too. Also forget the "effects" that are not good over the wire. The goal is the best possible experience when the desktop is accessed remotely. Rationale: There are enough people that need the power of the Windows based computer (power means the software developed in all these years) but who want to access their desktops from iPhone. Even if iPhone is the competitor, if you allow users to use your system from it the users will be more committed to the desktop Windows platform then if they have to look for the new solutions for everything. http://www.jwz.org/hacks/mork.pl # In Netscape Navigator 1.0 through 4.0, the history.db file was just a # Berkeley DBM file. You could trivially bind to it from Perl, and # pull out the URLs and last-access time. In Mozilla, this has been # replaced with a "Mork" database for which no tools exist. # # Let me make it clear that McCusker is a complete barking lunatic. # This is just about the stupidest file format I've ever seen. # # http://www.mozilla.org/mailnews/arch/mork/primer.txt # http://jwz.livejournal.com/312657.html # http://www.jwz.org/doc/mailsum.html # http://bugzilla.mozilla.org/show_bug.cgi?id=241438 # # In brief, let's count its sins: # # - Two different numerical namespaces that overlap. # # - It can't decide what kind of character-quoting syntax to use: # Backslash? Hex encoding with dollar-sign? # # - C++ line comments are allowed sometimes, but sometimes // is just # a pair of characters in a URL. # # - It goes to all this serious compression effort (two different # string-interning hash tables) and then writes out Unicode strings # without using UTF-8: writes out the unpacked wchar_t characters! # # - Worse, it hex-encodes each wchar_t with a 3-byte encoding, # meaning the file size will be 3x or 6x (depending on whether # whchar_t is 2 bytes or 4 bytes.) # # - It masquerades as a "textual" file format when in fact it's just # another binary-blob file, except that it represents all its magic # numbers in ASCII. It's not human-readable, it's not hand-editable, # so the only benefit there is to the fact that it uses short lines # and doesn't use binary characters is that it makes the file bigger. # Oh wait, my mistake, that isn't actually a benefit at all. # # Pure comedy. Note that it's an "user drags something in the UI and we measure something" benchmark, so it's potentially suspicious if the things measured are comparable at all in different runs and browsers. For example, in games, frames per seconds are measured under basic assumption that the game has the mode in which there's no limit the increase of frames per second other than the speed of rendering and that that mode is always identically reproducible. Are we sure about that here? And as others noted, they are using the old version of Opera, 10.53 instead of 10.62 which is current. It seems that Jeff didn't try to read: http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Fair_use Otherwise he would see how easily his 90 seconds segment of the film can't be treated as the fair use: "In 1985, the U.S. Supreme Court held that a news article's quotation of approximately 300 words from former President Gerald Ford's 200,000 word memoir was sufficient to constitute an infringement of the exclusive publication right in the work" See: http://news.ycombinator.com/item?id=1702783 It was already ruled by the U.S. Supreme Court that 300 words taken from 300 words from 200,000 word material IS an infringement. That's only 0.15 %. Here if the movie was 2 hours and he took 1.5 minutes, that's 1.25 %. I agree about that case. However back to the wikipedia Fair Use article: "(...) the quantity or percentage of the original copyrighted work that has been imported into the new work. In general, the less that is used in relation to the whole, e.g., a few sentences of a text for a book review, the more likely that the sample will be considered fair use." and regarding the use of samples: "Samples now had to be licensed, as long as they rose "to a level of legally cognizable appropriation."" His 90 seconds clip of the movie is the 100% of his video "creation" and is also a clearly "recognizable sample." Finally "To justify the use as fair, one must demonstrate how it either advances knowledge or the progress of the arts through the addition of something new." It's really hard for him to claim fair use, knowing how fair use is judged in court practice. There's huge difference in our idea of fair and what's considered "fair use" in the current law practice, which makes precedence. I fully agree that based on that case we can't establish the unique amount of percentage of the material. But also note how little of material can be considered infringement: The article I linked contains much more criteria than Jeff presented and has even more dramatic quote: in music "samples now had to be licensed, as long as they rose "to a level of legally cognizable appropriation."" I can imagine that for usage of the video material the court can be as much restrictive as for music. I think UK was also the last in Europe to use chips on the cards, which, as far as I know, are the French invention. I remember using their specialized cards with chips there twenty years ago only to make some phone calls. By the way a lot of elementary security issues with cards are there because all the mechanisms still have to allow Americans to use their magnetic stripes, allowing simple tricks with them that would otherwise not be possible. On another side, chips are no silver bullet when it comes to the security. There are a lot of possible attacks, just some specific set of them would be excluded by only having chips. So no matter how it's popular among the geeks, the real-life solutions to real life problems are not purely technological and probably will never be. Still, as I live in Europe, I'd personally like to have the cards without the magnetic strip. Yes, karma affects things. It's an instant feedback. So you can adjust to it. It's supposed to have a positive effect, and I believe it has, but the negative is: I've already learned that going "with the crowd" can get you more than trying to argument against the popular belief. Going against guarantees to give you some minus values even if you follow all the rules and contribute to the discussion (that is you're not going off-topic). I guess we can generalize things and say that the life is the same, you just can't argue that the condoms are good among the Catholics. So I have personally already also learned that how I'd be able to get more karma: say positive things about Python in post about Python, about Erlang in post about Erlang, about Lisp in posts about Lisp, etc. As Scott Adams would say "we're just meat robots." As long as people react so, the people are not only train not to troll, but also not to discuss against, just to "join our righteous crusades and fight the infidels." Yes it's the extremely interesting article by a blind Linux user who writes: "I have seen a lot of technology for the blind, and I can safely say that the iPhone represents the most revolutionary thing to happen to the blind for at least the last ten years." What we developers should note is "Applications have the same issues with accessibility as with any graphical environment. Apple has done a good thing by making guidelines available for app developers, which I passionately urge them to follow. Any blind computer user has run up against these problems in Windows, Mac, or in Gnome. These include unlabeled buttons and fields, unreachable controls except through annoying means, or in extreme cases complete inaccessibility." The work which uses it: Improved User Authentication in Off-The-Record Messaging Chris Alexander, Ian Goldberg http://www.cypherpunks.ca/~iang/pubs/impauth.pdf And I believe that it was good that the boys are never described much (contrary to Weingarten's disappointment at the discovery of that). It's not a bug but a feature -- it allows the readers to identify with the boys more not less! I've read a bunch of Perry Mason books as I was very young and I remember that none of the main characters was described much. I believed even then that it's good so. I was able to imagine them as I'd like them to look like. It's easy to understand where the annoyance comes from. There's a big difference between comparing a "good written" flash thing which you make yourself and having the flash enabled while browsing the web. With first you can demonstrate Flash's superiority, with the second you're picking up all the incompetent code written by anybody and almost 100% of it is used only to make something totally unimportant just moving to get an attention from you. When we consider Flash as the content delivery mechanism and not the movement based attention taker we're left only with videos and games on the web. But both should be optimized for mobile. For video, transcoding is needed. For games, better writing them native. Would blocking canvas be even enough? Or would we need "HTML5 block" to avoid constant annoyance? And what's going to happen on all these devices where we can't install extensions? That's why I intend to use Opera Mini as long as it works. > I have content hosted there too Can you please or anybody else explain me why you see any added value of scribd at all? I see it only as an annoyance. If I'd like to read a pdf I'd prefer to click on the link and read it, not to go to some suspicious site which demands from me to sign up there only to do what otherwise would be one single click. As far as I know the only "advantage" of the service was to make content infringement easier (a site for documents which is like youtube was for videos), and that the site owners expect people to pay for access to it is hardly surprising. But I like other mechanisms more. My suggestion for everybody who is the owner of his own documents and wants to upload them: host them as the normal files on the normal sites, unless you do want people to pay for access to them. Yes, before you invest, just think of the chances of becoming an owner of the 10-second version of ChatRoulette. Yes, once you start to "promote" yourself your personality becomes "public" and different privacy conditions start to apply to you. Don't be surprised of the effects. Post "papers of other documents": You can upload them on your free web account (like, Google Sites)? Unless you don't have the right to distribute the documents, they will remain there. Embed: Who really needs embedded PDF? What for? To have it harder to read? Just give me the plain link, thank you. Hosting: See the first paragraph. OK, anybody knows some better reason? Can anybody please tell me why does HN actively support such a site? I see jasonlotito, you write about the main article author. As far as I understood, he tried to use the free university hosting but it was for him "cumbersome" to upload there and to follow the stats. His added values were only easier upload and easier following of the number of "reads." Note however that he does "self publishing" experiment. Enough readers here would be able to make him one click upload script in less than 10 minutes. Ditto for parsing the logs. I don't feel sorry for him for choosing scribd and feeling how he feels now. Google Sites won't forbid you the access once you're not on your university. For case of stopping providing the services, take as the example Geocites -- it took a decade for them to stop hosting, and the only victim were the long forgotten and deserted pages. On another side, there is still content I uploaded on Tripod at least ten years ago, for which I forgot my passwords years ago. If years of free hosting are not enough for you, then you have to pay for the hosting and have a bit more control. But even the hosting site to which you pay can go out of business. Nothing is forever, you just have to maintain your online content if you want to have control over it. I'm still curious to learn about the advantages of scibd. I admit I don't know why most users use it. With enough ideas or usage scenarios, maybe somebody will make something better! I think it was just about "gaming Google" -- at some point the links to pages on scribd had higher ranks than original pdfs. I consider that more like successful spamming of Google search than long-term feature. How is it now? Do they still have higher rank? I'd consider than that a bug in Google ranking. For displaying files on the disk it's actually patented. http://www.patentstorm.us/patents/5987469.html Estimated Expiration Date: May 13, 2017 The rest of my line that you omitted when quoting the start of it was: "I admit I don't know why most users use it." Note: most users. If you can't answer, please restrain from trying to make a conflict. The responses like "embed," or "ease of upload," or "read statistics" are actually useful! I'd really like more of such answers, but your answer is both unusable and insulting. When I commented on some of the features mentioned it's only because I want to hear something "yes feature A is easy but there is also the advantage B" etc. The argument that you can post to scribd and worry less that it will become inaccessible compared to when you upload it to some other site is what scribd themselves already proved to be false. In most development scenarios you are actually interested to know which patents can potentially get you sued so please explain how exactly is the awareness of the patent existence of the disadvantage to you. Actually a lot of very successful products bet on users being lazy, and a lot of very profitable industries intentionally keep the customers as ignorant as possible. Both assumptions are common and valid business strategies. I'd very much like to know why it wasn't easier for him to simply write a Python code that doesn't use anything not existing in 2.4. Just because he downloaded to his computer whatever later version he likes he can't expect from all distros and all users to have exactly the same version across of all the currently running computers, it's more than unrealistic, it's simply impossible and always will be. Why is it "simply unacceptable" to produce the code to the least common denominator? Anything that is successful must have more versions in the installed base. You can target a single version of something only if it's not used at all. It seems too much developers live in "Everybody must have that what I have" world. I haven't tried myself, but I can't believe Python changed that much that you can't write the plain Python code to the least common denominator of versions >= 2.4. If you have the specific examples why you can't I'd like to know them. Edit: I've rechecked, he actually mentions 2.2 as the lowest version he saw, still I believe it doesn't change too much. The config file written in the subset of Python, the only thing users would have to touch, hasn't changed! (edit: see http://news.ycombinator.com/item?id=1712269 ) He just changed how the file is processed, by implementing in C what would be certainly easier to implement in Python 2.4, (edit: 2.2) the lowest version he mentions. If he insisted that users install Python 3.1 only to run his config script and they complained, I don't blame them. If he had users that haven't had Python at all, then I fully understand what he did. But then he can't blame distros and users for not having the latest and greatest Python version, it's just about the existence of Python on the target platform. In his particular case, he certainly was not missing the newer Python modules as he was able to write a "small" C-only replacement. That what he wrote in C would certainly be easier to write in Python 2.4 (or 2.2) Did you understand that he wrote the big C program just to process a small file with the syntax as in the following example (taken from his own file): main = Server( chroot="./", hosts = [mongrel2] ) settings = {"zeromq.threads": 1} mimetypes = {".txt": "text/plain"} servers = [main] Where do you get "no one will ever use them" from? We're talking about the darned config script which the guy first wrote in Python and then discovered that he would have to write the processing of that file in the lower version of Python than he blindly used or to use C. And he decided to use C, I still haven't read anywhere why exactly. The platforms upgrades have their own dynamic. But you just shouldn't be surprised that somebody who has the server running for years doesn't want to install the latest Python only to process one config script. Not more not less. Thanks berntb! That's a perfect tip for a new submission: http://news.ycombinator.com/item?id=1712404 The DarkPAN matters "There is currently some FUD going about in some parts of the Perl community about why we should break Perl 5 backwards compatibility. A short blog entry, schmarkpan, is a good example of the trend: loud, noisy, but clueless and devoid of any content." However your replies started with your response "That's simply unacceptable" to my "I'd very much like to know why it wasn't easier for him to simply write in Python 2.4" You mentioned (in this context actually OT) Django much later. And I still don't know if he tried adjusting his already existing Python code to simply be backwards compatible -- he never mentions that, neither why that would be a problem in his particular case. Regarding Django, see the other replies here about side-by-side installations, it's more than reasonable if you have something big which always runs, but not reasonable for a small config script used once. See also https://www.socialtext.net/perl5/index.cgi?history Perl 5 was released in 1994. The current production version of Perl is 5.12. You can really consider Perl 5 as something very, very stable by now. There's big difference: those who care actually develop Perl (like, they maintain the C kernel of the language etc.), and those that don't just use Perl and just make noise and are clueless outsiders looking for attention. Edit: I don't count as outsiders or anything anybody who is a Perl contributor and has his own opinion! Not everybody is supposed to have same opinion, and even when people do cooperate it's a part of the process! My personal belief is still that Perl 5 aged more gracefully than a lot of projects! My count is 4636 lines, and I can imagine much. much smaller Python 2.3 code: ast.c 115 ast.h 45 cli.c 482 cli.h 31 cli.rl 143 commands.c 498 commands.h 5 config_file.c 193 config_file.h 27 constants.c 82 constants.h 14 lexer.c 360 lexer.rl 121 linenoise.c 433 linenoise.h 40 m2sh.c 27 mimetypes.csql 851 parser.c 1074 parser.h 15 parser.y 69 token.c 11 Oh, sorry! I wanted to refer only to the guy who wrote the schmpan text who apparently wasn't contributor but was making noise! I immediately withdraw my claim and beg for forgiveness from everybody who does contribute but have the opposite opinion! I fully agree with you that this is more than tiny for a C project, but it can be big compared to a small script. I also develop/maintain the projects measured in zipped megabytes (where I don't even have a wish to try to wait to count the lines!) I only compared it to some script solution. You're right, 600 lines more or less are irrelevant. I just thought you're measuring something else as I saw the total of 1000 instead of 4000. Still it is all tiny for a real C program. I also think that the C solution is more portable than the dependence on any version of Python. I also cross-compiled the code for 32 MB RAM mipsel platforms and I agree that only C dependencies are better than any script language dependencies (not counting shell, when it's carefully written). But I actively use both Perl and Python so I'd still really like to know what was lacking in Python 2.2 or 2.3 or 2.4, of course only in case you already knew that you were to have any Python on the target computer. But then if you couldn't expect to have any Python, then the fact that distros still use older versions wasn't of much relevance. Thank you. I'd still like to know how can you as the developer and your software survive in either scenario (with or without knowing that you infringe) it the patent covers the basic functionality of your software? Did you by any chance have the users who haven't had any Python installed? > It's fairly circular: A free hosting service did something you don't like? Maybe you should have tried a free hosting service. What you failed to recognize was that the nature of the scribd service and the web hosting services I suggested was always fundamentally different and that was visible even then when you claim that they were "the same." There's no free web hosting service that demands visitors to register to deliver them the web content(!) Scribd always immediately made your original material inaccessible and counted on visitors to sign up just to deliver it to them! So scribd was so obviously worse from the start. After the current development everybody sees that (you write "In hindsight this is true. However, prior to this "proof", it wasn't true.") but even if you wasn't able to see the difference "in context of the original poster" that doesn't give you the rights to behave how you did. I don't blame the interent, I blame you for making insults instead of trying to argument, but I still won't call you names, even if you deserve it for continuing to do what you do in the post I reply. No, I am not the native speaker but I still believe that's irrelevant to your bad behavior, except if you claim that subtle hints to somebody not being native speaker additionally annoy you, that still doesn't show you in better light. By having mmap you avoid copying from the kernel RAM space to the user RAM space, mmap makes both sharing the same chunk, therefore the restriction for the thing being mmapable. If you don't allow mmap the system will certainly have to copy between kernel and user memory (in both directions with separate read and write calls). Classic read and write pointer can have any address, it doesn't have to be a multiple of kernel page size or whatever. Is OS supposed to implicitly do a new "hidden" mmap whenever it sees an address that's multiple of the page size? And to do the lookups for matching chunk still mmaped for every write? How long are you going to keep such relations at all in the system with more reads and writes in progress? I don't see how that concept can be made efficient, and Pike doesn't actually explain in the post how he'd do it. sendfile looks ugly and inelegant but solves a real problem. > And somehow make sure the loneliness doesn't spread I went to the first meeting of loners but it was canceled due to insufficient attendance. > Why? I wrote about mmap in the context of separate write and read calls (i.e. no senddata call exists), not in the context of senddata. I use Asus WL 500GP with Oleg's firmware http://oleg.wl500g.info/ , http://code.google.com/p/wl500g/ Learning how to cross compile my own programs for it using http://www.nslu2-linux.org/ was a worthy experience. It's amazingly slow producing the cross compiling environment. It's tricky. I experienced the effect of http://xkcd.com/456/ I'd say it's stupid. I'm sure that most of the content doesn't need JavaScript to provide the functionality, it's only a typical example of the "developers" being lazy ("everybody must have that what I have" syndrome). The "you need JavaScript" should only appear for the interactive segments that do need it, not for the whole sites. Second, their servers already got my browser identification through my http query, so presenting the table with all old browsers is also very stupid. Stallman made free Emacs, then free GCC. He hasn't managed to make the widely usable free kernel at the time, but he prepared everything but that, which made possible for GNU licensed Linux kernel to become the part of the whole free system. It's an immense feat. Some other important dates: March 1985 -- The GNU Manifesto http://www.gnu.org/gnu/manifesto.html 22 Mar 87 -- first release of GCC http://gcc.gnu.org/wiki/History There were the problems with the license for some years. http://www.gnu.org/philosophy/plan-nine.html Once it became "free" it had too little functionality. There's too little of the software and it's not so easy to port the existing Unix/Linux software: http://plan9.bell-labs.com/wiki/plan9/porting_alien_software... Moreover, very, very little of the hardware is supported. As far as I understand, behind the "LibreOffice" will be the non-profit "Document Foundation" and that's already a lot -- the better legal position and he companies can better relate to it or commit to support it -- companies simply need other company-like entities. Most of the texts with "gray on white" are very hard to read on my monitor. I know that on bad LCD monitors gray is easier to read, but not everybody has bad monitors. So generally regarding light gray texts, one more example of "everybody has what I have." Regarding the article: a lot of painters used black too. Even more printers. Don't you think that the books would be printed with gray or colored ink if that would be more readable? I'm sure enough experiments have shown that it just isn't. The arguments are very suspicious. The major question is then: should the text be adjusted for the people who read or for the people who don't. I believe that super-high contrast and too bright screens are more common among the people who watch videos and photos or play games more than read the texts on the screen. Wrong, SSL was developed by Netscape, including v2 http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Transport_Layer_Security#SSL_ve... http://www.mozilla.org/projects/security/pki/nss/ssl/draft02... at that moment it was referred to as 0.2 though. I can't say for other entries, I see you have still some open claims, and that you edited the first version of your post where "SSLv2" was presented as a MSFT invention! Still, SSL as the technology really doesn't deserve to be at the list where MSFT is to be credited. It was fully designed by Netscape and the "less bits" (weaker) crypto was enforced by U.S. Do you know any more details about when and how MS was able to use 128-bits before Netscape? Or was it at the time when Netscape was already "mostly dead"? Can't that be the case with some other entries you give? I happened to know about SSL, that's why I mentioned that -- "wrong" was about your SSL claim, not about others. Anybody knows how the 128 bits in the addresses are really going to be allocated? If everybody gets "lower 64-bit for a subnet," and every device simply considers that it should allow that the subnet is whatever is a slave of it, we end up using only the upper part, and then if you again give big chunks of upper 64 bits to different entities like it happened with IPv4, there's still real chance that even if the space is big it remains inefficient, especially if upper 64 bits are separated to encode some special assumptions about routing or whatever. Is there any text about this whole subject, which just doesn't brag that 128 bits is "a lot?" Only if there are no distribution rules in upper 64 bits, which is not going to happen. That's why I'd like to know the planned allocation process. Do you know anything about it? I posted my question to get exactly that info. So do you actually know that every ISP exactly gets /32? Can you point to some material about that? I'm still asking for some exact information. How much the /48 is larger is again what I don't care as I can calculate that easily but it doesn't mean anything in how it's to be used. The relevant piece is: "5 RIRs, /23 to /12, smallest gets 512 /32 blocks, one per ISP, ISP divides into 64K /48 blocks, typically one for each customer" It's obvious that the "customer" here is not "every man on Earth" or "every phone" but probably should be something like the smaller ISP or the big company. The lower 64 bits are it seems effectively "unique device id." So the idea is to use upper 64 bits to fix the location of the device and lower 64 to address the device. And yes, I think I've understood that the "device id" (lower 64-bits) doesn't have to be fixed and encoded in hardware. The smallest RIP is probably Africa, and if it has /23 and if magamiako is right: http://news.ycombinator.com/item?id=1743268 and every /48 goes to every home user, that means that you can't ever have more than 33 million home users in Africa! (512 * 64 * 1024) The 33 million limit is why for me seemed "obvious" that /48 doesn't go to "every man on Earth." Does anybody know something more exact than what's written in Wikipedia article? Some real example how the space is going to be distributed? That was why I started this thread, and sadly still most of the answers are hand-waving "it's big, don't care," even if that doesn't carry any real information. As far as I know quantum physicists already proved that there can be no "forces and processes" which can make quantum physics effects predictable. Einstein didn't believe in that, but it was proved. I can also believe it's "in progress." I wanted to know more about the picture tagged as "First Lisp Interpreter." Checking the link revealed that it is amazingly to the dynamic(?) Facebook(!) resize of: http://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/File:Steve_Russell-PDP-1-2... (So it's Steve Russell in the front of the PDP-1) and I wouldn't expect the Facebook service to be used in the final version. They however got a small, just 50% speedup, which doesn't sound like any static types were really used. They'd be able to get something like 100 times faster FPU calculations, for example if they'd knew the variable is only used as the number and nothing else. I know that factor since I measured the overhead of CPython in FPU calculations, and you can also see http://shootout.alioth.debian.org/u32q/benchmark.php?test=al... . I guess they call everything that would be called for each variable reference in CPython (including checks like "is this a string or a number or...") and that they save more or less just in having the calls encoded one after another, and maybe some internal arguments needed for that, but not in knowing the types. I also vote for a plant, as the second mentioned name is Guava and there is "The Chilean Guava (Ugni molinae, also called Myrtus ugni or Eugenia ugni)" see: http://www.strangewonderfulthings.com/206.htm I can't repeat your results with 16bpp ImageMagick, with -quality 0 I get from 468K then 267K. How have you got 72K? I don't know why trying to reach real-time speeds with Python. At the moment it's really a slow language. According to my measurements is JavaScript at the moment the fastest "typeless" scripting language: the engine in Firefox can be up to 200 times faster than Python. There's also a command-line version. If you refer to http://shootout.alioth.debian.org/u32/luajit.php my answer is: maybe. As far as I understand the JavaScript benchmarks there were made before the most recent speed improvements (JaegerMonkey, present in Firefox 4 beta). In my simple tests, the speed in some loops can reach the speed of C, with the times better than LuaJIT. Still, LuaJIT is easier to obtain and run, as far as I know. It's true that Numpy is much faster. I believe there's a lot of native code in Numpy and once we consider the libraries encoded in C, any language can be as fast as any other, as soon as we can offload enough to the libraries (for example, Perl has also some official C extension mechanisms: http://perldoc.perl.org/h2xs.html and even old Visual Basic was able to call DLL's written in C). However, I'd really like if at least something that's now a part of Numpy (which I believe is now even more a language extension than a library) would become the part of the Python language. Thanks! LuaJIT really rules in the shootout. The tests I've done were only inside of Firefox 4 Beta and I've got 3.4 sec for 5M n-body on my slightly (30%) faster computer. I remember that traditionally the standalone builds of Mozilla JS were not giving the same results as the one in the browser. A message for Mozilla devs, in case anybody reads: be aware that people do try to measure how fast JS is from the command line and let them get the really last results! And use http://shootout.alioth.debian.org if you want to fundamentally improve your implementation of JS. I'd also like to know. At the time as first JIT functioned in the browser I wasn't able to download the sources which really did JIT on Linux in the command line. I wouldn't be surprised that now again the latest speedup in the browser is not repeatable in the command line for most of the people. Still absurd. The steps apparently: 1) Buy the computer which includes the price of the OEM license (and with the version which also doesn't ask you for the license key) 2) Try to get the money back for the OEM license (edit: AFAIK you can do this only if you never try to use the computer until that point). 3) Carry the computer to the Windows Store 4) Buy there the more expensive license, with which you have to type in the license key whenever you do a reinstall (well, of course, why not paying more to have it harder to use). 5) Let the MS store guys "apply the Signature configuration to it." 6) Whenever you want to reinstall your dearly paid Windows (in money and the time spent), go to step 3) (carrying your whole computer!) convince the guys there you did the step 4) and that you don't want to do it again to make them do the step 5) And they actually have the nerve to write: "Microsoft Signature Upgrade: It’s a great way to make your PC experience even better." Brought to you by the company that gave you Windows Vista. ...and not good enough to play the Feynman lectures billg bought and now serves in the Silverlight-only form. I think the reason is that there's no DRM handling in Moonlight. I expect that a lot of Silverlight content will remain inaccessible in Moonlight. We are talking here about the "Microsoft Signature Upgrade" -- not the "Microsoft Signature on any PC purchased from the Microsoft Store." Check the main article again. So I guess we can thank Bill Gates for personally financing ("Tuva project: powered by Silverlight") the nice argument to avoid Moonlight and Silverlight: there's still the DRM (not included in Moonlight) to worry about. Even if he fixes the mentioned site, I hope the awareness remains. > I don't think it would be a right move because numpy is quite big, and depends on quite hairy dependencies if you care about speed. Maybe having some default build to have the main functionality and have some way to use the hairiy dependencies otherwise? As you say: > Numpy brings you abstractions (...) which are useful and even more high level than python, That's what's a loss for Python as the language. I don't expect to have the access to every FORTRAN-coded scientific library routine in Python by default, but being able to use the right abstractions in the langauge and not through something like the patch... maybe that can happen once? I understand, of course, that the current state is easier for you and for Python developers. Regarding sources, I know this: http://news.ycombinator.com/item?id=1754881 The benefits of the benchmarks game: allows comparison with other languages (like Lua) whereas as far as I understand their Kraken is JS only and browser only. Thanks a lot for your good work! One more thing people who discovered the new communication media today forget is: the "social" media existed for much longer, and if anybody would want some serious analysis, we already have decades (even centuries?) of experience, even with much less noise than of today and with more people being more of "peers." I'll spare you of the stories of old Usenet or even chat functionalities before the "web" existed. Much more existed for much longer. There's just more people behind the screens today. My personal experience is: online communication can help in motivation to do something, but only as long as it actually leads to communication or engagement "in flesh." It's as simple as that, and it can be the easy way to measure real impact of online activity. So I'd say, Gladwell is more than right this time. As long as you just sign online petitions or join Facebook groups with the names "save the ...", it's just the "feel good" activity with no real impact. Whoever wants more scientific measurements has an easy method to measure the real impact. In Yugoslavia in nineties during the big hyperinflation everybody was calculating the prices in German Marks, still hyperinflation progressed until the specific political decisions happened. I also consider the article as such an oversimplification that the real insight is actually lost. As far as I see the Zorn's paper is about mallocs vs garbage collector (moreover, specific mallocs and a specific GC), whereas the main article here is about just allocating from VM versus managing your own cache with your own file read / write. And as others already noted, "'just' allocating from VM" can be better (less copying) once you can organize everything right and know how to manage the threads. And the main argument of the main article is "if you can't access it with different threads, VM access can block you everything" (that's the two clients complaint). That much both are right, as long nobody tries to make some too general statements like "just use always X." And it's a response to this full document: http://regmedia.co.uk/2010/08/13/oracle_complaint_against_go... Not a lawyer, but I'd summarize: In Google's view, their use of the parts of the Harmony code as is allowed as the Harmony code is a clean room implementation and Android doesn't use that code to run Java, so there was no need to get licenses from Sun/Oracle. Regarding patents, they simply claim they don't infringe, I don't see that they claim why -- maybe because they don't actually use any code, but the device makers who install them on their hardware? > They broke clean room design by hiring engineers from sun, jvm engineers etc. AFAIK not unless Oracle proves that exactly these engineers were involved. And a lot more must be first proved to establish even "involved in what." > The patents are integral to the JVM. Google doesn't use JVM in Android. Convenient links to the patents (most of them hosted by Google, I guess they can't say they didn't know about them): http://www.google.com/patents?vid=USPAT6125447 http://www.google.com/patents?vid=USPAT6192476 http://www.google.com/patents?vid=USPAT5966702 http://www.patentgenius.com/patent/7426720.html http://www.google.com/patents?vid=USPATRE38104 http://www.google.com/patents?vid=USPAT6910205 http://www.google.com/patents?vid=USPAT6061520 Edit: note that http://www.google.com/patents?vid=USPAT7426720 is the only one not working at "Google Patents," can that be a hint to anything? I don't know. Science Misconceptions in Textbooks and Popular culture http://news.ycombinator.com/item?id=1771101 I don't see the problem there. The author writes first clearly: "This one isn't purely a textbook error. Still, it involves misconceptions on the part of authors." He wants to point that it's not a misconception to explain that the sky is blue because of "wavelengths of light, Tyndall effect, and Rayleigh scattering" the misconception (in the approach to the presentation, not in the facts) is to explain only that single effect on that level and not mention that all the materials with which we are surrounded also have own colors because of the similar behaviors of atomic particles. That is a valid and important insight. And the misconception (again in the presentation, note again that he writes about school books) is not to mention that the air actually always has colors only that we don't register them because a lot of it is needed. I think it's good to point to all this. I knew that one and I still find the Beaty's texts much clearer than the relevant Wikipedia articles. Some time ago I've read in Wikipedia about what lifts the airplane. Then I've read his text. His one is significantly clearer. Citation needed. I actually did the above (single stepped through the generated assembly from a few modern compilers) and I haven't noticed too much of a bad code, given most of the default assumptions (i.e. to have a reasonably compatible code for different processors, to have the live entry points to the functions that are exportable etc.) Maybe you looked at the code produced with the optimizations off? I've just checked his markup: AFAIK he doesn't use anything bad (never specifies Comics Sans or whatever). If you saw problems try checking the defaults of your browser, I have a slight impression you haven't adjusted these. You should be able to configure the default font etc. and even styles in most of the browsers. Interesting idea, still a bit "stiff" for my taste. I'd allow a few more "modern" tricks but still keep it mostly "C-like" (because it's obvious its main goal was to be immediately readable and editable without the surprises to the C programmers). For example, n := 1; s := "abc"; like in Go (and Limbo) as an allowed replacement for int n = 1; string s = "abc"; And then the same would function in the for loop: for ( i := 0; i (I'd also rather write: struct dirstats { int files, size, total_files, total_size; } than in four rows member by member.) I don't buy the argument from authority, I really think you're trolling. Apart from the bad FPU code in gcc 3 (or generally relatively poor code in gcc 3 compared to more recent or more expensive compilers) I really don't know examples of significant problems in the code generation of modern C compilers. Just don't give me examples that work only on the latest CPU's or that are fast only on one of CPU generations or on the CPU of only one manufacturer. Also useful: http://dilbert.com/strips/comic/2001-10-25/ Maybe I'm missing something but why not just: struct wtf { int x, y; } inc_both( wtf& t ) { ++t->x; ++t->y; } main() { r := wtf(); // x, y by default 0, string when exists, empty inc_both( r ); inc_both( r ); } If you want to keep it C-like, don't do all that public/private things, keep implicit creation of the struct etc. main() { r := wtf( 22, 33 ); // assigns to x and y } Do you really need to hide variables or make real inheritance in a simple language? "Information hiding" is overvalued and actually rarely really needed on the single class level -- you have to care only about interfaces. Which are probably going to remain too clumsy as long as you use header files (in my humble opinion, I always liked Turbo Pascal (and Modula) modules, more recently Go also manages to avoid headers). void for return type was needed in ANSI C only because omitting it would mean int in the code written in old K&R. You can make void as default when the return type is not specified and keep the code nicer. Ditto for no parameters. You'll get the slim appearance of K&R C code and the semantic would still be clear to everybody as nobody would assume he's reading K&R C. Or would he in your case, even with strings etc? Btw C++ since recently has auto n = 1; // int auto s = "abc"; // char ptr but IMHO Limbo idea is clearer and wouldn't introduce any problems (it's really easy to add the new operators for "declare and assign" and the semantic is obvious): n := 1; s := "abc"; And I thing I would also allow omitting ; before }. > L is not trying to be cool, it's trying to be useful and easy to review. I appreciate that, but your compiler checks the types anyway, so later n .= "abc" will be an error if I understand it, that's why you have them, so if the code you review compiles without error you certainly won't catch any new error when using eyes? Well then it's your problem! Allow me to claim that if it looks bad to you it's because you were lazy. The possibility of changing the defaults in the browsers is really there because tastes are different. All the pages without "styles" allow you to see them better than the others where the style is forced on you, once you adjust the default style. You set that only once for all such pages you're going to see. It's worth, much more than applying something every time you come to some such page which is what your suggestion was. You started with this: > Somebody should make a tool that people can point to crappy websites and reformat them into something pleasant to read. As already mentioned: there is already a tool and you need to use it only once -- it's the configuration of defaults of your browser. How can anybody know your personal preferences? I also can't teach you how you should set them as I don't use the same browser as you. Try to remember: not everybody uses everything you do. I don't understand what your problem is, apart from not knowing to use your browser. You've asked for a tool, you've received the answer -- it already exists, you're not accepting it again and again. It can be a good recipe if you just need the system that works and if everything was already working. However, on my computers, on the hardware side, I always expected the improvements of the new version. Then I've discovered that simple upgrades can even break the software side of the distro (the interaction between their own parts), as it seems that the upgrades are not enough tested compared to the clean installs. I've found that it's much more probable to have everything working correctly if I just keep the home partition but install the new release from the scratch. But this is also more work than it's convenient, for doing every six months. Additionally, I've found that security updates are still behaving better when run from the console than from the GUI. It shouldn't be so. The GUI updates should not be so annoying and attention consuming but really do things in the background. More, with pictures, Russian but you can use Google Translate: Personal Chernobyl Of Analtoli Bugorski http://www.liveinternet.ru/users/gdobserver/post132042939/ Maybe introducing the name like "The language formerly known as Go!" would help? We should let the OP "develop for the future" and keep our sites providing the content for everybody who has any browser. After some time we can compare the notes. (I wonder how he imagines that I would even try to access his site with anything else but with Opera Mobile from my phone). Note that even pros must use some tricks to run something of it on the modern hardware, so it appears as it's still mostly an experimental research platform? http://www.mail-archive.com/9fans@9fans.net/msg17086.html "I am typing this in acme in 9vx running on FreeBSD, using the rio port in P9P for my window manager. Because I'm away from my home network, I'm running 9vx with the the root on my local machine. When I'm at home, I use 9vx booting with its root taken from a real Plan 9 file server. I also run it on qemu fairly often." > Tanenbaum was right Citation needed. Where do you get that? Performance-wise the biggest problem of OS X is still that part that is based on the "many servers are the OS" idea. That's the reason why this exists: http://www.ertos.nicta.com.au/software/darbat/ Also, NT wanted to try moving in that direction but the critical parts are not "many servers." Also, there's a reason why L4 was developed (note: post Tanenbaum): the "real" microkernels were very problematic performance-wise and it's actually harder to produce them (example: Gnu Hurd) http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/L4_microkernel_family http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/GNU_Hurd > you can view the current fad of virtualized everything and hypervisors as a kind of exokernel. No I can't, as long as the underlying OS is still a monolithic one, thus selected because it's the fastest and the most convenient to be maintained. Thanks, my wording was indeed clumsy, but it doesn't change the fact: the hypervisor is simply not doing the stuff that the classical OS kernel does, it's not replacing anything, it's just a layer with some specific new functionality, so when you're changing the meaning of the terms being discussed of course it can appear that you're winning the argument, whereas you're just performing tricks. No matter from which direction you observe the systems, the overall functionality possible with monolithic kernels is still not really substituted with something better. The pictures: http://www.google.com/images?q=John+Graham-Cumming Regarding double precision calculations (I can't compare random instructions) at the time OP mentions the PC FPU made something of the order of KFLOPS. Even assuming 100 KFLOPS (it was less), one current graphical card can be up to 5 million times faster than the PC of that time in some scientific calculations, that is, the gamer of today has under his desk the computing power of 5 million first PC computers. i7 can do 2 double precision adds per clock per core, that would give 36 GFLOPS on 6 cores (assuming 3 GHz clock), and at the same time ATI Radeon 5870 GPU can do 500 GFLOPS in double precision, that's 500 floating point calculations in one nanosecond. To cross the 0.5 meter distance the light takes around 1.6 ns, which means that during that time the CPU is able to do almost 60 FPU additions and the GPU around 800 FPU additions. Impressive. I was intrigued enough to go to http://www.lostcosmonauts.com/wom.htm and download the Real Audio file of the alleged "first woman in space." It certainly doesn't sound like a communication of the astronaut, and it also sounds like it's doctored, like in the modern music, using the same sample more times from the pieces of some recording of the phone call talk. I'm curious if anybody who has enough experience with the sound analysis would be able to confirm the use of the same sample more than once. Maybe it can be shown that the Italian brothers faked their proof of their most exorbitant claim the same way it can be shown that something is photoshopped. Then we can claim that what they did was that they were actually producing fakes. I'm one of those who browse without JavaScript and Flash and for me that IS a better experience. Try it once and see how much better signal to noise ratio is. I also like the additional benefit of having much less chance to be attacked through the browser. And I also use Opera, exactly because I can enable using the built in browser settings both JS and Flash only for a few sites where I need it (like youtube). I have just checked again: I don't have JS turned on for HN. It just works. There are very few sites with a relevant content that are really "necessarily dependant on JS." The worse the content is, or the more amateurish it is, the more probable is that the creator thinks that the "cool menus" are a good substitute for content. It was always so. MARQUEE and BLINK of 1996. You can almost recognize who's mostly in charge for some site: -- needs JavaScript only to bring me to another page: some bad "programmer" whose best achievement was that he learned JS. -- needs Flash only to bring me to another page: some "decision maker" who wants "dynamic" or a "programmer" whose best achievement was that he learned Flash. - needs a magnifying glass to read the text set in 5 pt font: some "designer" who doesn't care for the text anyway. But look how good colors he selected. And everybody has the same screen resolution as it's on his computer, got it? -- needs a magnifying glass to read the text, the menus are half JS behind images, half Flash: you tell me, but there's higher chance it's made by a West European guy. etc. You're right. The vote is counted, so I consider that as "works." The result is certainly ugly, but I'd name that a "minor display issue" as I can hit "back." Of course it would be nice if that "back" step wouldn't be needed. I would expect that it can be reasonably easy fix (a few lines on the right places) to simply deliver some sane content as the result of the vote HTML query. Shouldn't the referrer tag from the query be enough? But the speed difference is still too big. Even if PyPy is two times faster than CPython, LuaJit still remains in most of the cases the order of magnitude faster, they are comparable only when calculation bottleneck are bignum routines and not rest of the language: http://shootout.alioth.debian.org/u32/benchmark.php?test=all... In short, if you care about the speed and LuaJit is an option, the choice is obvious. Now why doesn't the site use my HTML query to deliver me the content which is adjusted to the browser I use? Instead of showing me the 5 browser icons etc, it should just show me instructions for my browser. Hint: you don't need JavaScript to do that. As far as I understand, the author hopes that the people who make other sites would link to his site in their noscript tags. I would never, because his site is as far from the right approach as it can be. See: http://news.ycombinator.com/item?id=1794016 It is very reliable for the given task. If the site is supposed to help an ordinary user, detecting robots or spoofing is completely irrelevant. > It does. It makes your browser the one in the middle Doesn't. > try opening the site with javascript turned off. Exactly how I tested it: in the middle was Chrome. But I use Opera. Now consider: If I'm ordinary user and I'm supposed to be helped to turn on JavaScript, I certainly don't need to see five darned icons "IE FFox Chrome Safari Opera" as the main information presented on the page. I came to the site with one browser, not with five of them. In that browser, the JavaScript is turned off. I certainly don't need the long page with the the instructions for all of them. But as tav noted here: http://news.ycombinator.com/item?id=1794305 (although I don't agree to his "it is good as it is") -- the bigger problem is: if I'm using IE and I turn JavaScript off, I certainly know how to turn it on. So who's the target user? I still posit that the target of the OP site are only lazy web developers ("ooh lookie I can link to this site from my noscript") I also don't understand what jwz's problem with the JS numbers is. Once you have bit operators, you can do bit arithmetic. So yes it's a bit slower than when having pure integer types, so what? The JS engines were something like 100 times slower up to recently, and nobody really, really cared until Google did V8. I really think Brendan was right in his decision and I don't get what jwz would like, except to maybe have explicit types in the language, like, hm, JScript.NET or ActionScript. But even there as far as I know ints are 32 bits. 64-bit OS use is still not so common, so at the time the languages were introduced it was the best engineering decision. jwz misses this time. If you need to be reminded something is wrong. As far as I understand, the guy made Emacs and GCC practically alone initially. Today every internet user uses the code compiled by GCC whether he knows it or not. And it's not only the technical aspect why it is so. Actively caring about licenses and politics were necessary to reach the current state. > an abominable language that manages to wreak incredible damage on something pretty good (ECMAScript) in surprisingly few steps Can you please give some specific examples? I'm curious. I think you mention yourself that you can get faster execution with it, so that's the positive side. What's the damage? Thank you for motivating me to check Wikipedia. According to it, Stallman was very actively involved in growing TECO to Emacs in seventies. Apparently he worked together with Guy Steele and Steele didn't remain in the project (I know that different reasons for that can be imagined). Gosling made proprietary Emacs for Unix in 1981, and Stallman makes GNU Emacs since 1984. So what you mention can be summarized: Steele was also significant in early history (before Unix implementations) Gosling made the first Unix implementation (but proprietary one) and there were also Lisp Machine implementations. But Stallman was not only involved in Emacs before Unix, he was the guy who managed to keep Emacs as widely usable as we know it today by creating the free license and the free (GNU) Emacs. So I still don't understand what your "not any version of it" was supposed to mean. Yes, once you have type inferencing, starting from "just a number" is more convenient and forcing everywhere, needed or not, the bigger number back to int is certainly problematic. Moreover the fastest conversion (on a typical hardware) of IEEE numbers to ints is not truncation but rounding. Excuse me for not knowing that but does JavaScript today manage not to truncate at the places (if they exist) where rounding would be acceptable? > Sorry for the lack of specific examples, but my way of dealing with the incessant irritations is to deliberately forget them. Pity, as the rest of us then can't learn anything without the examples of the errors. > I'm not talking about (heaven forbid) Flash apps. I'm saying that Flash could have become the standard runtime for web apps. And how were they supposed to reach that when having only Flash which runs as it runs? How were they to make a whole browser that would be widely accepted? What do you think they should have done actually? Thanks! So he'd prefer slower execution but with less chance of accidentally losing the least significant bits? Protecting the programmer from himself? Or just having bignums for... what actually? Playing with new crypto algorithms? Why does that have to be in the core language? It's still the question of the engineering trade-off, certainly not so clear as he presents it. In the light of the trend of always bigger importance of small devices, the best direction to take is probably the one that will most often use less of battery power, no matter what programmer's ideals can be. > make the fastest JS VM > ExternalInterface that makes interaction between JS and AVM2 So how were they to have a JS VM without the overheads but not making a full browser? Note that Google doesn't manage that either, they just have the thing that inserts the whole Chrome window in the IE frame. (The examples or specifics for each your claim are still missing). Of course I know about mentioned effects and about dtoa.c. Still thanks, it's important for the context. I'm biased as I actively use floating point calculations and I don't know the convenient representation which would be fast enough like that one which is directly supported by hardware -- you can really get one FP addition per processor cycle(!) on modern x86 processors, potentially more on arrays. That is really as fast as ints (not considering the additional adders and shifters which are there for address calculations and can be used in parallel). But I'd also think mobile CPU's should be considered too in something as widely used as JS. Anyway, from my perspective fast indexable arrays are missing in a lot of modern languages and I think AS3 did something about that. And I believed bignums are lists of integers, so still not enough for .1 + .2, I believed for that we'd need rationals or decimal FP? Thank you, so I think can you agree that your "not any version of it" still doesn't refer to GNU Emacs, which is obviously his own version and the only one (except XEmacs, later fork of GNU Emacs, as far as I know) that practically survived through the years, thanks exactly to his recognition of how licensing is a very important factor and to a lot of his own work, as you also mention. I also understand that he didn't start "from nothing" but I've never claimed that, my "practically alone" referred to "GNU Emacs" and I missed to write GNU. Do you know other Emacs programs still used today? I admit it was not precise enough, and I thank you for the historical insights, the possibility to get them here is a real treasure! Or the tools that were supposed to "just draw" OO programs, nineties. There's a reason these things nobody uses today. Maybe a Facebook engineer will make "Google disconnect" now? For those who didn't use the features, here is how it looks like in one example: http://groups.google.com/group/groovyplusplus (Discussions 1090 messages) (Pages 1 page) (Files 1 file) Google announced: "we have decided to stop supporting the pages and files features." "Starting in November 2010, Groups will no longer allow the creation or editing of files and pages" "In February 2011, we will turn off the pages and files features, and you will no longer be able to access that content." > so doesn't depend on a VM But "dependence" on VM is nothing tragic if the GC is not in the game. If you'd imagine a VM without GC then what remains is just the potential for run-time JIT and optimization which can actually be a good thing! There's a long history of p-code interpreters which provided the more compact code, see http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/UCSD_Pascal and http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Microsoft_P-Code At that time tracing and JIT would have been too heavy thing to do but today it could maybe be interesting to have something like that. And as far as I know, Go doesn't "depend" on VM but does on GC, but D also generates the native code but doesn't have to use GC and I think that is an important advantage for such a kind of the language. Exactly, the existence of chloroplasts (in the language of the the article: the "power generators" in every plant cell) is an obvious proof that "complex life probably evolved only once" can't be worse title. Who is supposed to be interested in maintaining Java on OS X? Apple, if their platform were too weak to attract developers who develop specially for the platform. Oracle, if the Apple's platform is attractive enough. Note that Sun fought Microsoft to effectively take over Java on Windows. I know, MSFT one was not "pure," still that was the result. And one has to wonder if Apple would be sued the same way, since they also have OSX specific bindings. The current bet is: OSX just became interesting enough to let Oracle maintain Java on it, if they want and are capable. As far as I understand, the Java applications that were not already using OSX specifics weren't by any measure successful, and the only famous one is that FTP client, which is actually not a "write once works everywhere" Java app, but an OSX app accidentally written in Java. And it's an open source app. Can you please name some examples for "business based on a Mac Java apps?" Especially those that don't use OSX specifics. Microsoft was sued by Sun because of "a deliberate course of conduct to fragment Java" and had to settle by removing their own Java implementation from the operating system. http://www.javaworld.com/javaworld/jw-10-1997/jw-10-lawsuit.... http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Microsoft_Java_Virtual_Machine As far as I understand Java license doesn't allow you to make a platform specific Java implementation. So who's then to bet his business on Mac Java apps? The only potentially "safe" approach is not to depend on Mac specifics. But is there any example of a profitable Java app (which made profit by targeting OSX customers) applying the mentioned "safe" approach? Their target was obviously not the users of OSX, I believe it was more an exception. > not adhering to the Java spec, not for their extensions. And AFAIK specs are made for "write once run everywhere." > it would mean you could never distribute the JRE together with any sort of extra libraries. You can as long as you are using only what Sun (now Oracle) approves. > Even the Sun/Oracle runtime ships with non-standard extensions They make the rules, so what they do can't be used as an argument. > and are blessed by Sun/Oracle. I don't follow your argument I don't have anything more to add than to quote you (the keyword is blessed ) and also point to my previous posts. As long as you're forced to get the blessing before you introduce the interface to your own platform (or be forced to leave something out because you know it won't be blessed) why should it be in your interest to maintain the technology of others if you have your own technologies and a platform that's attractive even by itself? > The problem is what Apple said to Java developers at a time Can anybody give any examples of businesses centered on selling apps written in Java for OSX please? > At some point, when there are new Java/JVM updates, there won't be an Apple to get them from, and there likely won't be anyone else to get them from either I don't know what you mean under "new Java/JVM updates" but anything that's GPL of Sun's Java can be used by everybody: http://www.fsf.org/news/fsf-welcomes-gpl-java.html as long as they also respect GPL, of course. http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Crashplan "Online Backup," "Windows XP, Vista, Windows 7, Windows Server 2003/08, Mac OS 10.4+, Linux Kernel 2.6, Solaris 10, OpenSolaris" An online backup app, free for personal use, made for all common platforms is a "businesses centered on selling apps written in Java for OSX "? > Java was available on Windows pretty early on, and I can't see Microsoft rushing to make that happen. You're wrong. Microsoft did their own Java VM implementation, got sued by Sun as early as in 1997 and had to stop distributing it: http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Microsoft_Java_Virtual_Machine If I had a dollar for every equivalent of "what do you mean slow, it's not when I try with 3 of on my overclocked XXX with 16 GB of RAM and 4 hard disks in 10000 rpm and RAID" I've heard or read I'd be very rich now. The only competition they have is the other bad developer's all-time favorite "but it works and it's fast when you delete the database and start from that." There are more bad than good developers (and managers!) in the world. They won't care to make anything faster than what's being "acceptable" for them. Case study: Adobe Reader. They weren't first to implement it, but they were the ones who made it a part of their browser and their OS very, very fast ("support Java for the platform" was the start of this thread). Sun's Java 1.0 was shipped on January 23, 1996, and Microsoft was sued in October 1997. There was indeed "a rush" by Microsoft. Note that I referred to your "I can't see Microsoft rushing to make that happen" so I apologize if missed that you wanted to discuss only "the initial implementation." Note that you replied to the parent which wrote "it was up to OS vendors to support Java port, period. So Sun did it for Solaris, MS did it for Windows and nobody did it for Linux." Note "support" not "initial implementation." MS really did and wanted to do it for Windows and rushed to it. Of course, it was not in the form that Sun liked. > .class files compiled on Apple's JVM work fine on other JVMs Technically, you don't need to compile "on JVM" but "for JVM." And it doesn't seem to be as you describe for most of the cases (in Sun's words, 98%). > Microsoft's JVM violated both of these requirements AFAI understand it was far more subtle: the language (the source form representation) was extended with the features which functioned only on Microsoft's implementation, and only such classes were affected. See http://download.oracle.com/javase/1.4.2/docs/guide/deploymen... for a list of issues of switching from Microsoft VM based upon Java 1.1 to Sun's 1.4.2. The list appears to be very unimpressive. I trust you, still on the page is: "Poker Copilot is a native Mac application." I can of course imagine it's only to prevent users to worry if the application would run "as it should" or not. Thanks. > it's windows or nothing Far from it. First, Apple's version will stay for a while. For further future, Java is GPL-ed, and also see: http://news.ycombinator.com/item?id=1820418 I don't see why not? Java is GPL-ed, and also see: http://news.ycombinator.com/item?id=1820418 > Apple itself uses them, from what I understand. Apple backups their own data to other's company cloud? I don't think Jobs would approve that. Thanks! Looks really interesting! In which products http://www.mimsoftware.com/products do you use the viewer? Can you give the percentages of Windows vs. Mac OS users? But native IS better, at least considering: - faster code (that allows you to implement something more complex or more demanding) - better interfaces (allows you to have an app that is really "in the spirit" of the platform which does matter). - significantly easier way for a customer to pay for the app. Author's arguments for non-native and how I see them: 1) He can have the URL to different settings of the "web app." -- just please explain that to users that they need that and earn the money. 2) "already, and increasingly into the future, you’ll be able to develop with a single code base, and deploy to (ultimately) any platform" -- oh right, and everybody will use exactly the hardware you have, with the same resolution, same input mechanisms and the same controls. 3) "Distribution control: With 'native' apps, you must go through a third party, who owns the platform" -- this is the only significant argument, IMHO. The third argument is really an important one. In some cases it can be a deciding one. But it alone can't be used as a proof that native apps aren't better in enough real cases, and that there's "a syndrome." For examples see http://www.musanim.com/watch/ J. S. Bach's Air on a G-string, from his 3rd orchestral suite in D major on youtube (just for convenience, note that vimeo has better quality of his videos): http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=E2j-frfK-yg Or Eine Kleine Nachtmusik, 1st movement, Allegro I've listened and compared my impression to the animation and now I see, even when looking at it the most interesting parts are not obvious to see but to hear: http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=1QHzI5HmXl4 For the story behind one of the monuments: http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Jasenovac http://www.france24.com/en/20100725-israels-peres-visits-cro... Worth seeing Ray Ozzie in the article: http://presentationzen.blogs.com/presentationzen/images/bull... Bullet No.3: "...interfaces through...interfaces"? > And every single note had a similar story behind it that furthered the myth of "workers in the spirit of socialism" In Yugoslavia AFAIK the only note in that period with the real story is the one you've mentioned (but the other person was depicted in that older note). For others, citation needed, as the Wikipedia article is very specific. Old 1000 note "Arif Heralić" then some monuments or the most famous people, or generic faces, without real stories. > The Java crowd will (...) have to make a choice: either use Windows or Linux for development, or get away from the IDEs (...) on the Mac. According to archgrove's post, Eclipse works on OpenJDK: http://news.ycombinator.com/item?id=1820288 So Java crowd can continue to develop on Mac in Eclipse even without Apple-maintained Java in OSX. Even before FireSheep, that was known for anybody who cared to try it. The test (enter FB address with https, try to get the next page) doesn't need FireSheep at all to be demonstrated. And FireSheep doesn't do anything new except packaging the existing technology to make it extremely easy for everybody to experiment. But until FireSheep, if I'd tried to explain the problem to anybody, the best I'd get would be "meh." The worst: "you paranoid." Nice to see the change in the attitude. And as quesera here writes: http://news.ycombinator.com/item?id=1565788 1 //Tutorial file HelloWorld.x10 2 class HelloWorld { 3 public static def main(argv:Rail[String]) { 4 x10.io.Console.OUT.println("Hello, World"); 5 } 6 } ...ayfkm? You've already failed. > find hosted VPN services So have you solved your problems if you use third party VPN to do the encryption between you and the third party and the mentioned third party also conveniently has your whole data stream unencrypted, no matter from where you connect? Also consider how much he must optimize his attention compared to other people: http://www.templetons.com/brad/billg.html He simply has to think differently than most. > none of them support SNI. That includes (..) Google Chrome, FireFox, and Safari You're wrong about Firefox! I'm writing this from an XP box and I've just tested a SNI site with Firefox 3.6. It works with SNI just fine. > Not sure about Opera Opera also works with SNI. You must look at the history of it. Disabling images was very important when accessing web over a 9600 bps modem. Disabling Javascript overall was also convenient as practically no useful content was brought by Javascript but a lot of annoyance, and some exploits always existed. I still browse with JS disabled by default, however I turn on JS for the selected sites, only if I'd believe that they are worth it. Opera allows me to be selective, it has Javascript block configurable per site. Why not CSS? Well, Opera can set a user css per site too. It's very convenient for some of the sites that are unreadable for me by default (i.e. small white letters on the black background or even picture background). It still can't explicitly disable HTML5 videos per site, AFAIK. > if you want dark themes, you have to go through every language you use and set all the colors for each text type (comments, selected, functions, etc). This requires probably 300 clicks for each language. (...) what am I missing I'd change colors for one language, check where the settings are saved (Linux: probably some dot something folder in your home folder) change ONE color for every other language, see how those are stored and write a script (I'd probably use Perl or Python, feel free to use anything else if it's faster for you) to "fill in the blanks" for the rest. I think I can do this very fast, matter of only a few minutes, and I'd save the scripts for any other occasion (or maybe saving a resulting color settings section is enough). I don't use Eclipse, but I guess it's doable as I describe. Alternatively, if I wouldn't be able to use script for some reason (binary stored settings?) I'd simply change the colors for the language I want to use at that moment. I'd postpone changing anything else until I need that something else. There's big chance that it would result in one language configured every other day, and that some languages that I think I'd need never get configured as I haven't had to really use them from Eclipse or whatever. The alternative is a revision of IEEE 754 to include "decimal floating-Point arithmetic," which is apparently something "in progress" because the interests of those involved can't result in agreement. I'd really like to read anything from some insider. I know that IBM did the most of the work in that direction. Decimal Floating Point is the thing to have, but who know when that can happen in processors or in wider use. I know from Brendan Eich that there were attempts to add DFP in Javascript but that even there no agreement was achieved. Edit: or it was standardized but still not gaining acceptance: http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/IEEE_754-2008 I believe it's not accidental that all passwords that they crack in the demo are 14 characters or less, that can mean that they attack the hashes which are always possible to crack, the speedup they claim is 100 (they simply increased tables from 8 GB to 80 GB and put them on SSD) but e.g. 1000 seconds before was also very fast for somebody who just needed to gain access to one target. For the high performance stuff I write my kind of restrained C++: never STL in the interfaces of the "modules," use STL algorithms (they are good) but otherwise manage memory in custom ways (which is easier by not using STL containers!). But I had to solve one interesting problem using some recursive definitions and code, and discovered that once I "freed" the code from classes (made them C functions) I was able to express it properly -- just having them as members prevented me to see that the solution is much more obvious when you actually use plain pointers and don't think about the same "object" even during the life of the function. Add to that in the member "this" can't be null. When you need real expressiveness, C can't be beaten. C++ syntactic sugar helps sometimes, but limiting to it is... limiting! A guy who specialized for writing Silverlight apps claims that he is fastest when he writes a Silverlight app, and that therefore the Silverlight is better than the competition and that it's "not going to die." Let's say he didn't convince me. Yes, the main problem with the article is that they never mention LM. The page they link to too. Only from the "14 characters" we get the idea that they crack LM hashes: http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/LM_hash "To address the security weaknesses inherent in LM encryption, Microsoft introduced the NTLM algorithm with Windows NT 3.1." That's 17 years old news, that LM is weak. Still what most people unfamiliar with the topic don't know is that LM hashes of your passwords can still be present on your Windows machine, default "for compatibility reason." However egyptologists today believe that slaves weren't the force behind building pyramids etc. http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Egyptian_pyramid_construction_t... Why "except"? My point was that the workers were not slaves. Ramps are certainly the most probable aid in construction. That's "1 of every 5 deaths in US due to smoking," I've submitted it now: http://news.ycombinator.com/item?id=1856015 Now how is then smoking less harmful than using some other substance? Or is the evaluation skewed somehow? They cite the references: http://www.cdc.gov/mmwr/preview/mmwrhtml/mm5745a3.htm Do you want to say it's a conspiracy? Right, I took a look: http://de.wikipedia.org/wiki/Passivrauchen You can use Google translate: apparent estimate for Germany per year is "3.300, more than sum of dead from Asbest and illegal drugs." It's obviously significantly less than in U.S., but I can imagine that such differences are really possible considering how health insurance functions -- in Germany all people are covered no matter how poor they are. The average quality of life (through all social strata) is certainly much higher. Or just compare the percent of people in prisons, etc, etc. Cloud printing, "revolutionary" like what Adobe had bundled with a Reader many years ago? Did anybody ever use it? Or "revolutionary" like plug and play printers (actually "lan printing" and not "cloud printing")? Slate.com's Mick Jagger 'response' to Keith Richards' memoir is a joke http://www.examiner.com/rolling-stones-in-national/slate-com... A glitch. I'm also googling from Europe now on US English google.com and I'm seeing 7.72 billion for 6. Still, Pike writes from the perspective of a C programmer. Having the pointers and 1-1 mapping between the types and the memory layout of the can combine the principles of the structures in something bigger and more complex. For example, the tree with where some elements are also linked in different lists. I'm not saying that you can't have some logical equivalent in higher languages, but you can't have that expressiveness and efficiency. I was old enough then, of course almost everybody would get it then, easily! Even my granddad wouldn't have problems imagining. Think: since 1866 (it was 144 years ago!) there's uninterrupted communication using binary electric signals between US and Europe: http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Transatlantic_telegraph_cable Kids these days. I guess the OP didn't really understand everything or didn't bother to explain, especially my favorite bit about "computed goto" and the fact that if you code your compiler to emit assembly instructions with labels it's quite "natural" to implement it. Duff's device is an example of the "loop unwinding." Say you have n divisible by 8, then you can loop n / 8 times and have eight assignments in the loop stated explicitly. Now instead executing n assignments and n looping instructions (there can be more instructions needed for one loop and the cost of jump can also be visible) you can have less, n / 8 looping instructions and still n assignments. When such thing should be done? 1) If you measured your loop and it was too slow with a one assignment and one loop pass for every n. 2) you know that your compiler can't do the loop unwinding automatically -- modern compilers can do such things even if you write a normal loop if the compiler estimates that this can really help and when you give to it a specific direction to produce such code (e.g. aggressively optimize for speed). Only now comes the reason for using Duff's device: how to code the case where n is not divisible by 8? Well you can have a loop for the remaining number R of elements, but then you have R assignments and R looping instructions. More clever thing is to have the sequence of the assignments in the code stream, one after another and to jump directly inside to execute exactly R assignments. Turns out, C was made in seventies, but Fortran was made in fifties and already had the construct which allowed exactly that, the direct jump. So authors of C created something smarter -- a switch statement was implemented so that it compiles to the series of if ... goto or even to the "computed goto" sequence, not needing to do more comparisons if the values for jump conditions are one after another. So now we're able to have one sequence for a direct jump (say 8 assignments in a switch) and one sequence for unwound loop (loop around 8 assignments). But why not trying combining them? That was Duff's insight, and the Duff's device is a result of it. The benefit: instead having 16 assignments in the generated code, you'll have just 8 which are going to be used both for R assignments and for unwound loop. Just that last step (reducing the number of the assignments in the resulting code from 16 to 8) is something that you probably won't measure as a direct speed benefit, you'll only have a bit smaller resulting code. So I guess it was more a curiosity than something that must have been done exactly so even as it was written. Still it nicely demonstrates how people who know what is produced by the compiler are able to think, on one side, and how C can be used for "assembly level" optimizations, on another. So much for what they announce as unusual: 10.26.10 "NASA's Chandra X-ray Observatory has observed an unusual galaxy cluster that contains a bright core of relatively cool gas surrounding a quasar called 3C 186. This is the most distant such object yet observed, and could provide insight into the triggering of quasars and the growth of galaxy clusters." Stop the presses. :) I've made an argument about what wording they use about their discoveries, I haven't claimed that quote to match the currently announced one. It's just their latest news item on the page. Heh, the impression I've got from the previous announcements was obviously right: http://news.ycombinator.com/item?id=1904205 750MB download on the HD version, people are still buying it. "We're number 1 with the HD version, and the SD version is down like in the 30s or something," said Carmack. "This is going to influence our thinking going forward -- if it's that big of a difference, we probably won't offer the low-end, standard def version." Everybody is taking the HD version even when the difference is hardly noticeable except that the memory warnings appear (iPhone 3GS)(!) I guess these customers didn't know about that aspect. I believe it was a wrong marketing decision if 3GS people didn't get the information that HD performs worse (I'd name the versions "Rage for 3GS" and "Rage HD" whereas the current names are "RAGE for iPhone, iPod..." and "RAGE HD for iPhone 3GS, iPhone 4..."). Of course if people can select "nothing" or "HD" version they'll take HD (give me more!) the question is if they are going to be satisfied with the trade-offs. I'd say neither: there are 10000 centrifuges and only 1000 were replaced, it's not certain that that has anything to do with the virus, the virus gained a lot of press early on which prevented it from staying put and silently disrupting for any longer period of time (which was the supposed mode of operation). Not to mention that it was so "overdesigned" that it was too obvious that it's a too well funded operation etc. Can they be even compared? KDiff3 merges based on the "common ancestor" (3 versions to the fourth) and I don't see in that feature in the screenshots of WinMerge? > the way the virus was designed it wasn't going to damage all of the rotors anyway Why not? Why shouldn't it make as much damage as possible, as it attracted too much attention anyway? > had been in place a relatively long time I think the version that became analyzed all over the world (with the last certificate) was discovered very soon after it was introduced. It still sounds to me more like something for what somebody got some promotion than something that did the damage appropriate to the money/time invested. > The virus was first identified in late 2008 No. According to the document you link, the first known exploit of the vuln used later by Stuxnet was in Nov 2008, but by some other trojan . The oldest known Stuxnet is from June 2009, one year later it was already prominent. It had just a little over one year to "quietly do its magic." Results? Already one month ago: http://www.iranlivenews.com/2010/11/20/stuxnet-worm-was-perf... "Iran has experienced many problems keeping its centrifuges running, with hundreds removed from active service since summer 2009." And that, compared to what? How often do you have to remove the centrifuges during the normal operation if you have 10 thousands of them on one location and you are just developing the process? Couldn't it be the normal rate of failure for that situation? Note also that the latest brand new certificate used in the latest Stuxnet variant was from July 2010 (at the time it was already known by antivirus companies) which means that the authors still failed to have it at the target, otherwise they wouldn't need to make the new variant with the new certs! Doesn't it seem like they panicked because the goal was not reached at the time the antivirus companies started to actively detect it? > Well if you've been successfully exploiting a broken certificate, and it gets busted, and you have another spare one, are you going to use it or leave it? Probably use it. No: if you reached the target with your trojan and if your trojan is made to quietly disrupt then the last thing you want is to raise the awareness of your target by making a newer version with a newer certificate, which is then immediately recognized by all antivirus vendors, and which induces your target to recheck all their configurations and add the protections. The most interesting point is that the question was made on Nov 30 2000. > expensive proprietary software There are enough free PDF readers, what are you talking about? http://www.pdfreaders.org/ All the files behind the second link are here: http://www.icpsr.umich.edu/icpsrweb/ICPSR/studies/06389/docu... On my 256 MB notebook I wasn't able to install Ubuntu with Gnome. I could be that 384 MB is enough, as I had better luck with 512 MB computer. As far as I know Windows XP can install on 64 MB, that's six times less than 384 MB. > there is nothing stopping you from installing an older distribution of linux We argument here if Gnome needs "too much" memory so that you need a relatively new computer to use it, and I gave the arguments for that, narrowing down the amount of memory needed and comparing it with still very useful and widely used XP. > why is it legitimate in this argument to use an old version of windows but nut an old version of linux Again, please don't change the topic, we are talking about Gnome, not about Linux in general. Linux kernel runs on my router with 16 MB RAM without any problems. Gnome is simply made without enough attention for configurations with limited resources, it's just so. There are other managers, of course. That's why huertanix mentioned XFCE. See also: http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Comparison_of_X_Window_System_d... Footprints (at the time of the writing): GNOME: ~180 MB, Xfce: ~15 MB Nikola Tesla lived in 19th and 20th century, implementing among other things the wireless remote control in 19th century and apparently also just for this purposes the equvalents of "and" and "or" circuits! http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Nikola_Tesla http://www.pbs.org/tesla/ins/lab_remotec.html His originality attracted a lot of unbalanced writing though, and calling him such names is in my opinion unbalanced. I also believe there is no other content of this quality available for free. Once you try to listen or watch, you can't compare something taped from hand cam where you understand every second word and the professionally produced material. I'm just a happy customer, still I'd just like to point that their customers are also Bill Gates and John Carmack. Both blogged/tweeted about that. It's a profile of the CEO of the company which successfully produces and sells the material for which people also claim that the similar is available online for free. Moreover, the material is actually lectures given by university professors. It's certainly interesting for me. Ubuntu has the text based installer too. But still Gnome is simply not a good choice for a 256 MB computer -- the footprint of it is just too big. Luckily there are other offers. > you can't really go to night clubs, chase girls, play dirt bikes etc age 50. I guess you're not older than, let's say, 25? I wouldn't as that's clearly not a C or C++ solution but a Unix one. Now imagine humans do find some artifact somewhere, they develop subtle theories and even religions based on it but in fact that was just an object set there as a prank, funded by alien fans of some alien movie 2001 equivalent. > an attempt at playing down the importance of bus drivers A bus driver doesn't decide where to drive. You don't want to have a CEO who doesn't decide what the goals of the company are. How about displaying the comments "shallower": if some discussion ("a branch in the comments") goes too deep, maybe that's what doesn't have to be on the same page, as it's obviously something where a lot of arguments and counterarguments occur, and not something where the biggest insight is to be expected. Such comment handling would however certainly motivate people to "post without the parent." > Firefox 4 caches HTTPS responses basically the same way it caches non-TLS HTTP responses. Can you please explain this sentence? I hope that doesn't mean "we now treat https just like http." Thank you. For those that don't know what CDN is here supposed to do: http://blog.patrickmeenan.com/2010/03/google-to-offer-cdn-se... If I understood it correctly, the idea is to refer to the web resources in html in such a way to let the clients access them with the minimal possible latency, no matter where the clients are. I don't want the browser that stores to the disk the page from my bank account (that was anyway generated just to be displayed at that moment and never reused) just because "HTTPS is about getting it over the wire securely." I prefer the browser defaults that are sensible. Writing every https response to the disk is just wrong. > your bank account page would never reasonably have caching settings on it Are you aware how many banks don't have "ideal" developers? Is it easier to "change the whole world" or to use a browser with sane defaults? The simplest bio of the author: http://apps.thestreet.com/cms/rmy/biography.jsp?authorId=100... Yes it certainly sounds like a fiction, but it's really entertaining. I've found the plain bio of the guy here: http://news.ycombinator.com/item?id=2134825 If anybody knows something useful apart from what he wrote about himself: http://www.jamesaltucher.com/about/ please add here. > phoned 20 companies and said that you wanted to buy them Not a lie. He actually did buy the company which responded. For more than it received from the former bidder. > You promised them ten million dollars which you didn't have. Most of the purchases are made without the hard cash in the bank. >> For more than it received from the former bidder. > Only if you accept his completely fictitious stock valuation It's about what those who sell are willing to accept. They accepted, they did consider that a better offer. > Do you think it's reasonable for a man to ask 20 women to marry him That's obviously a wrong analogy for his search for a company ready to be sold. The parent is right: the boxes are more prominent, the old design looked much "cleaner" and lighter. Compare the US page http://www.apple.com/ipod/ with the AT page http://www.apple.com/at/ipod/ This picture shows the US page details (above) vs the AT page details (under): http://i55.tinypic.com/2wpnv61.png (Please refer to the picture if the AT site changes to the new design before you read this.) The author writes: "This is not true in floating point — also (a+b)+c may not be a+(b+c)." But in the case he mentions, for integral numbers up to 2^53 double floating point would also preserve the above identity." The doubles are not bad as long as you understand them. The OP mentions Muslim Brotherhood as the worthy opposition, but they don't appear as anything democratic: http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Muslim_Brotherhood "The Brotherhood's stated goal is to instill the Qur'an and Sunnah as the "sole reference point for ... ordering the life of the Muslim family, individual, community ... and state"" > A society based on the principles of the free market will create unprecedented human health and prosperity Only for a limited time as the natural resources are also limited. We don't have another Earth. The total standard of living existing now for humanity is not sustainable. The problem is if they can be considered to have party goals that are compatible with democratic society. If the goal of the opposition is to destruct the mechanisms by which they are to come to the power, should they be allowed to participate. The article is full of smart sounding nothing. BDP is the mechanism to say where the routers for some network segment are (where to go to deliver the packet with a given IP). DNS servers for .eg are in Egypt. AFAIK both things "don't work" looking form our side if you turn off the entry routers for the cables leading into Egypt. If they claim that they know that internet does function in Egypt but can't reach anything to the outside, then the question is if the users there see DNS resolution or not. If they don't then the DNS servers are turned off. But I think turning off the mentioned routers is more than enough for behaviour described in the article. Nothing smart. EDW believed that the real "computer science" is not "selling snake oil," like Object Oriented Design Methods, which he considered a kind of selling "business management" in software. He believed that the real "computer science" is only in developing mathematical methods that enable fundamentally new possibilities by using them. James Martin personifies a "snake oil seller" for him. By the way the Wikipedia entry for James Martin sounds to me a lot like it was written by James Martin himself. Reading the entry it appears that JM invented all by himself "Information Engineering," "Computer-Aided Software Engineering," and "Rapid Application Development." All three concepts would anyway be despised by EDW who here implies that academics should work only with Buxton Index of 50. > the first person I ever "noticed" on HN Same for me. Is there any statistics like average number of posts of the user per day? I'd be really curious to see that number for "high karma" users. As I've noticed him, I actually had an impression that JacquesM really does only sit in front of HN pages, refreshes, reads and responds. Afterwards I also found out myself why and how HN is so addictive. If they are also written in .NET wouldn't patching the timebomb be more than easy: first you decompile the Reflector... > it could be that the GSM iPhones have hardware or driver problems that the CDMA iPhone 4 does not. But, alas for AT&T, GSM iPhone users around the world do not share in the problems of GSM iPhone users in the United States. Certainly not true. Writing from Europe: I've had all the iPhone 4 dropped call problems in the middle of the city whenever I've forgotten how to "safely" hold the phone until I've bought the bumper case. My provider here is T Mobile. I consider it natural to the way of the coverage in German speaking countries. Don't forget that it was "old news" for Europe since iPhones 4 were first available in the U.S. I own the iPhone 4 and I can easily repeat the "death grip" whenever I want. However I also almost never see anybody using the 4 without the bumper case. Let me guess: you don't own iPhone 4 and even haven't tried to borrow one and try it in common urban circumstances? Why don't you believe the guy who reports his own Eropean experiences? I just claim that the "death grip" is simply not the AT&T issue but the real iPhone 4 issue. UK based Cambridge Technology Centre was able to repeat the death grip too: http://www.electronicsweekly.com/Articles/2010/07/30/49184/c... It is dependent on location, my experience is that in more urban areas the problems are more prominent, you probably live in some small city or a city with less providers or mobile phone users, or you haven't tried it in the bigger and denser located buildings. I can repeat the problems in the center of the city easily, but not so easy at my home. And it's not that I'm wasting time trying to repeat it -- it just happens if I hold it without the bumper case. Once again: Death grip is the real "feature" of iPhone 4 when 3G is used. And it's the iPhone 4 problem, not the AT&T problem. What I don't understand: Apple makes it very hard to copy the files to the iPad, then expects me to be happy about the possibility to edit movies, which must be copied to the iPad in order to be edited. Anybody knows if the faster "chirping" sounds in the background can be eliminated? If there were only "slow" chimes I think it would really be very suitable for meditation purposes. You are on the right track. As far as I understand, if you're long for one delivery (e.g. for March) and then "roll over" you're selling the delivery for March to somebody else and that one has to actually take over the oil scheduled for March delivery. The commodity can't just disappear. The only ones who wouldn't have to receive the contracted goods would be the original sellers. If the price raises, that means that the sellers would lose the money by buying the contracts back near the expiration of the contract. As far as I understand, the oil is constantly delivered even when the prices rise and the article author is just confused, so his conclusions are invalid. I've just listened to the mp3 linked from the page ( http://kmkeen.com/tmp/awkbient.mp3 ) and I've heard the sounds I've described. I hear it like "(loud:) dong (quieter:) brrr-brrr-bbrrr (loud:) dong (quieter:) brrr-brrr-brrr (loud:) dong" The brr-brr sounds are the unpleasant ones. I hear them also when listening to wav made by lame --decode of mp3. I like it this way, it compiles on the compilers where the parent's doesn't (see http://news.ycombinator.com/item?id=2323964 ), I believe it fits to all standards, doesn't depend on any undefined behavior, it doesn't assume any convenient type size, it doesn't call exit, it doesn't crash and also it doesn't use any relational operators. It even uses only two arithmetic operators, and only on integers. #include #include int pk( int i ) { static int (*v[])( int ) = { pk, abs }; printf( "%d\n", i ); return v[ i/1000 ]( i+1 ); } int main( void ) { pk( 1 ); return 0; } Subtracting function pointers doesn't have to have any meaning. Tiny C (from 2006, 5 years old) gives: function pointer expected MS C 6 (from 1998, 13 years old) gives error C2296: '-' : illegal, left operand has type 'void (__cdecl *)(int )' Turbo C 2.01 (from 1988, 23 years old) gives: Size of structure or array not known in function etc. I think the really clean solution (as far as I know, at least it works with all the compilers I've mentioned) is: http://news.ycombinator.com/item?id=2323771 And interestingly enough Perl version can be almost the same, only without declarations: use POSIX; sub pk { print "$_[0]\n"; return ( \&pk, \&fabs )[ $_[0] / 1000 ]( $_[0] + 1 ); } pk( 1 ); Thanks. Of course (just for the readers who don't know) even much shorter Perl doesn't have "loops" (in C sense) fits the requirements and works: $,="\n"; print 1..1000 I don't know if it can be made shorter. My previous example was (also for the readers who don't know that) to demonstrate the "C inspired" features in Perl and almost 1-1 mapping to the C solution, minus declarations. For this specific task, I think the shortest Perl, as I've mentioned in http://news.ycombinator.com/item?id=2326372 is just $,="\n"; print 1..1000 Wrong: Algebra, geometry, descriptive geometry AND physics are all 6 (obviously the highest possible). Chemistry and the history of nature are 5, as well as German and Italian, art drawing and geography are 4 and some "..drawing" I can't recognize. French 3. Moreover as far as I see it's his final degree score of his whole secondary education (the last step before university). http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Gymnasium_(school)#Final_degree othello: (in http://news.ycombinator.com/item?id=2339956 ) "Here is Einstein's certificate for the year 1879 (he was 10)" Wrong, in the certificate it's clearly written that he's born in 1879 and that the exams happened in 1896, as he was obviously 17. As I already claimed it is a "final degree" score before the university. What more info do you need? If it wasn't obvious, you are supposed to open your site in the Opera browser, making sure Javascript is turned on. You'll see how it just can't load. Sitting in Europe (ping time 107 ms to your site), using Opera 11.01 on Windows XP I see the behavior joe_bleau described -- in the URL bar there's constant reloading visible when Javascript is turned on. For the long history of how some glibc developers are enjoying to make more problems to the users see also: http://www.tuxradar.com/content/debian-ditches-glibc-eglibc I consider all this a real attitude problem. I believe it results in high quality bits but I understand it doesn't get enough attention because it's not sexy like "I'm using the radioactivity" and doesn't appeal to lazy -- the equipment must be calibrated. Still it's worth reading, at least this part should matter even to people who wouldn't like or know ow to do the calibration: '“Whitening” Considered Unhelpful' The whole point of determining the lower bound is measuring the sensitivity of the input of the sound card. If you don't know the exact sensitivity of your device you have to measure it. The author evaluates the quality of the different sound cards inputs as a byproduct: note that he for example measures: "(Creative Labs) Extigy has astonishingly poor input sensitivity. It’s about 5 times worse than a typical cheap sound card, and about 100 times worse than a decent 24-bit soundcard, as you can see from table 4." The sensitivity is the first column of his table, demonstrating some products being unusable for this purpose and obviously unusable for any quality recording too. It would certainly be good to have the database of the measurements for different products. It's amazing how little we know about the consumer products being sold unless we measure them. Since when it's a "serious" performance increase when "it boots faster"? Or if the first grep after the boot is faster (others must be fast since the file cache kicks in for every next one, unless you have, say, 128 MB RAM). Really not worth to mention. Because if you 1) have enough RAM and 2) between two boots you use less files from the HDD than the size of the RAM then you'll observe the speed up from the SSD exactly only once between two boots. Every modern OS uses the RAM cache like that -- once you actually start to work, you work from RAM. On another side, those who buy SDD "for speed" are the same who when asked "but SSDs are significantly smaller" answer "I have everything in the cloud." Absurd, isn't it? Edit: The title of the topic is "why are you not using a SSD yet," I give my exact arguments and get downvoted. Eh, crowd. The full lecture with transcript is here: http://www.gresham.ac.uk/lectures-and-events/royal-society-a... There are a few lines in pure Lua by the author of the language: http://lua-users.org/lists/lua-l/2002-09/msg00134.html If you can load a C extension module then there's: http://bitop.luajit.org/ Yes Lua is that small. An advice to those who like OP first encounter these topics: try to gain the historical perspective, you'll understand everything much better. Find the sources of the original C compilers, marvel that they are probably smaller than the Yacc and Lex (at least that's how I remember them) and then understand that both Yacc and Lex were never needed for these C compilers. You learn about Yacc and Lex in the school more because of their "educational value" than because they are easiest tools to make a C compiler or parser. As the original authors wrote the compiler the result of not having the context free grammar was just having a few lines of the code more. Their goal was certainly not an academic "parser" purity. Parsing is one of quite uninteresting parts when you're making UNIX and C some 40 yeas ago. If the helicopter did crash, it's more than important -- that would mean that the operation was not as smooth as the official version. Do you a favor and search the net for the oldest preserved sources of C compilers and UNIX. Then take a look at them, especially how concise they are. I'd enjoy reading your post about that experience. :) Was that in the news before the tweets were found? And even if they really destroyed it themselves at the end, that also speaks a lot about the circumstances there. Pakistan government is supposed to support U.S. but the helicopter has to be destroyed, obviously to keep it from failing in the hands of Al Quaeda. It's more than interesting. Primeval C: two very early compilers http://news.ycombinator.com/item?id=2506032 The full Unix V source is here as tar: http://unixarchive.tliquest.net/PDP-11/Distributions/researc... In 500 K gzipped tar you have at least the whole unix, the whole stdlib and the whole C compiler. For the book that explains the sources see: Book: Lion's Commentary on the Sixth Ed Unix http://news.ycombinator.com/item?id=2506176 See also: http://news.ycombinator.com/item?id=2505688 Especially: Book: Lion's Commentary on the Sixth Ed Unix http://news.ycombinator.com/item?id=2506176 Just don't "make parsers." Make something that does something, better than some other software. Parser is just a piece of that what you make. Once you have the goal, to make the parser piece, use whatever you like, but produce the results you wanted. That's how you really learn something. Maybe: http://www.reuters.com/article/2011/05/02/us-binladen-dna-id... "Results of the DNA tests should be available in the next few days, the official told Reuters" And also: The Development of the C Language http://news.ycombinator.com/item?id=2258287 3G bandwidth is a limited resource. There should be a way for clients to pay less if they know that they use little. However 3G providers misuse the deals with limits by charging insane amounts per megabyte made over the limit. Of course, they can lower the transfer rate instead, effectively helping the client not overcharging due to an error (because it's always an error). They don't do it because their nasty business model in such case is based on the clients who unknowingly make the error and pay dearly. Crooks. > Specifically, I'm talking about the confession The "confession video" would never be accepted in any serious court as a proof, simply because it can be fabricated and you wouldn't be able to prove if it was. See also: http://www.infowars.net/articles/february2007/190207Osama_ta... Finally, it's quite certain that had been Bin Laden caught alive, there wouldn't be enough evidence to trial him. That's the major reason why the order was obviously to "kill him." It seems so, this time: http://about.skype.com/2009/11/joltid_settlement.html "eBay Inc. and Silver Lake Investor Group Settle Skype Litigation with Joltid Limited" Please read this, here is the point of the discussion, I think this more informative text should have been linked: http://lkml.org/lkml/2008/7/15/498 He simply doesn't want to make it easier for "exploitz searchers" to recognize which bug patches are "easy to make an exploit." The post linked from the article is really nice: http://lwn.net/Articles/104185/ "in rare occasions however the amount of fuel was insufficient, and the plane would crash. This problem was solved by the engineers of the company by the development of a special OOF (out-of-fuel) mechanism. In emergency cases a passenger was selected and thrown out of the plane. (When necessary, the procedure was repeated.)" I always thought that mapping of virtual memory should succeed only if there is enough virtual memory available (i.e. when not in RAM than in page file). Why is the overcommit concept better? Because malloc takes way too much VM unnecessary? Then why not just correcting malloc? > So (...) my usual null-checking of malloc() returns is insufficient? I also understand it so. Moreover, on your server, even if your process is well-behaved and some other process only temporarily gets memory-hungry your well behaved and important process can get killed: http://news.ycombinator.com/item?id=2545049 Wow. Inspiration came reading the comments here: http://blogs.msdn.com/b/oldnewthing/archive/2011/05/12/10163... Whereas "alarmists" were right: March 27, 2011: "This all fits in well with my discussion Criticality Accident? Unfortunately." http://powerandcontrol.blogspot.com/2011/03/worst-case-scena... If it would be only a tag, the web server could be modified to deliver most of the song from the same file (at least I'd do that). However if they do "watermarking" in audio data, there's no escape for them, every purchase is really demanding on CPU's. I've found only Google cache: http://webcache.googleusercontent.com/search?q=cache:15iKIgS... My machine used RAND USR 0 Imagine: there is a paper discussing the techniques of weight lifting. Your complaint is that there are newer models of weights than those they lifted. Exactly. Using hash maps and vectors are really elementary choices. Can you consider understanding enough in "systems programming" (see other comments for definition) without knowing that hash_map is implemented using hash tables and map using a tree? And that therefore adding elements to the map would incur rebalancing costs which hash_map wouldn't, as soon as you can estimate the number of elements to be processed. I consider it more a "meta" than a "language" decision. Except from the "most optimized C++ code" you have all sources of all benchmarks. Please try to run them on any newer x86/64 based processor and show us that the article conclusions don't hold. I'm not holding my breath though. Flash can't run natively "on webkit." Flash file contains bytecode, which has to be either fully interpreted or JIT-ed. It has to be done on mobiles too. The interpreter or JIT-er has to be native. Writing native JIT-ers is hard, to have a native interpreter you can write it in C and recompile it for every platform but it will be significantly slower. In short, it's not easy to make the Flash fast on a new CPU. And no, Webkit is not a CPU. The parent commenter uses "improved branch prediction, cache prefetching, better pipelining, and different cache sizes" as a "mumbo-jumbo that can mean something different." I'm in the business, so I can tell you, most of the improvements give you just some "overall speedup" so that you can happily buy today's processor running on 3 GHz and be glad it's faster than almost a decade old P4 running on the same 3 GHz. Add to that that now you have a multi-core CPU and that you have to "clear" the paths to the cores in order to prevent them from slowing down one another and also to compensate the bigger delay introduced by more modern RAM technologies, which trade bigger delay for the possibility to feed more cores. Then, measure the algorithms that run on one core, anyway, on the P4 and the latest Core iX. Your slow languages won't be faster than your fast ones just because the quoted changes were introduced to the processors in between. I took a look https://www.tarsnap.com/gettingstarted.html and I don't understand why "If you have multiple machines, you almost certainly want to create a separate key file for each machine."? Can you explain why, if I'd like to access the same data from the different machines? Or is the main assumption that every machine has its own, nor shareable, backup? Isn't the main advantage of an online service to have the same data accessible from more machines? Thought experiment: you are Intel and your new processor makes, who knows how, writing highly optimized C code unnecessary, since the speed up of some higher level languages (from now on Java or Scala) is bigger than the speed up of the highly optimized C code (in which the runtime of Java and Scala are implemented). Wouldn't you make the biggest announcement of the computing history? "With this new CPU, your sloppier written code is faster than a highly optimized code. Every programming assumption valid up to now isn't anymore!" The "maximal extent" limits in Balkan states happened only during the wars. Moreover, the population structure in some areas changed significantly after the same wars. I'd be vary of a "discussion paper" that doesn't consider these nuances when sampling. Then how much of the discussion paper uses scientific method properly and how much of it just matches the agenda? I don't know, the discussion paper is behind the paywall. Thanks, here's the full Feynman's reference at the end of this article: http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Differentiation_under_the_integ... Thank you for the link to the paper. I wasn't able to find in the paper any basic data, only derived coefficients. The map is the same, including the "maximal extent" which happened only at the few years the territories were occupied during WWI. The big movements of big amount of people over the territories during the turbulent history are also somehow not addressed. There's a unique history behind each settlement, not taking that in the consideration or not showing what you actually did I believe any conclusion can be generated. I still question some premises and the execution of the paper. Thanks, and there sayeth Knuth: "The web has thousands of tales that aren't true, about virtually everybody in public life. (Including the story about me and Pixar's CEO.)" John Walker made that already at least 6 years ago: http://www.fourmilab.ch/javascrypt/ Moreover, Walker's code is public domain and he discusses security aspect, whereas the op link appears not to care about such things. And I didn't manage to read it with Javascript and IE8. It seems that it's all because he uses http://sitebricks.org/ for his site. It is also unreadable the same way. their lowest speed was 3000 rpm, target 5000 rpm. Also suspicious (for me) is: (page 18 of PDF) "The prototype device is configured as a static (externally pressurized) thrust bearing. In realworld thermal management applications such an externally pressurized air bearing would be replaced by a hydrodynamic (self-pressurizing) air bearing, which uses a minute fraction of the mechanical power supplied by the brushless motor to generate the required lifting force." So the external pump at the moment keeps the big rotor above the surface? They haven't demonstrated how the setup would otherwise work, but maybe for "self-pressurizing" variant the RPM would have to be really high, which would again mean not quiet at all? Maybe it sounds like overkill, but I use SSH to localhost to access the cygwin, as I typically need functioning SSH anyway. Combined with Pageant, I don't have to type login and I type pageant password only once after the boot and it just works. It's all the stuff I need anyway so I don't have to use any patched version of something. We're coming in the dangerous area of personal preferences, but with the decades of writing and also maintaining code, I certainly prefer "exit in a strange place" variant, as it clearly better allows the code to "grow" with less differences between revisions, like adding a few more lines between update_thing and if. And if the revisions are not expected then how is written is in my opinion realy irrelevant. (Disclaimer: I won't discuss this subject more here.) As far as I can see, there's no problem at all, except if he wanted to make an identifier which contained ←. And now if you want to parse Scala code yourself you have to add these characters too and be Unicode-aware. I don't see that as a bad thing. And I like how such codes look when printed. "The navigation bar, the search box and the search options sidebar have a fixed position" I see this as "the revenge of designers" -- having anything permanently taking up the vertical space was pushed from "designers" for years and it always reduced usability for me. I'd prefer to see the results, not immense fixed space that doesn't contain anything. The picture is telling -- the permanent menu bar and the huge empty space around the search box and logo. http://derstandard.at/ has fixed pieces of the interface for at least a few years but I really, really don't like it. Try it yourself. It looks good as long as you're actually not interested in the material inside. Unless you're designer of the site showing the features of the site to the boss, you're not likely to use the menus inside of the fixed areas. But this also explains why some sites end up having such interfaces. In my view, this is a sign of Google turning soggy inside as in: http://news.ycombinator.com/item?id=2776046 Exactly, there is already a news site that functions very good on mobile, and it's named Yahoo News. I'd say it's very probable that the author was aware of it. I actually felt nausea trying to read longer samples linked in: http://news.ycombinator.com/item?id=2815786 But I'm not dyslexic. Also see The Summer Of 1960 (Time Spent with don knuth) Knuth coded the whole Algol compiler in three months, on a computer on which other programmers and a payroll processing had higher priority and received for that money that a top programmer earned for a year at that time: http://news.ycombinator.com/item?id=2856567 Also see Knuth telling his side of the story http://www.webofstories.com/play/17086 Yes, from their example ("pausing" one task speeds up the rest, and graphs show speed progress "hills and valleys") it can be concluded that they let copy tasks run in parallel instead of queuing the files. That's practically a guaranteed way to produce more fragmented disk layouts. Well done, current MSFT programmers. You understand what's going on in MSFT when the blog post ends with the line like "All of this adds up to building a significantly improved copy experience, one that is unified, concise, and clear, and which puts you in control of your experience." A clear example of managerspeak -- adjusted to sound good among other managers not to mean something.You see even from where the battles for "bling" come. I think I would not be able to use Windows without the Total Commander. I used the text-based Norton Commander in the eighties. Now I use Total Commander, including command line, Ctrl-E to get the previous line, Ctrl-Enter to get the file I'm on in the command line etc. It depends on what you write. If your goal isn't portability, using // has nothing to do with author's unawareness of the semantics of the line continuation character in C (that is, escaped line end character). It's a C feature since forever, and not knowing about it would bite him sooner or later even without the use of C++ comments. http://www.micro-isv.asia/2010/12/never-defragment-an-ssd/ "The key benefit to SSDs is that they have virtually no seek time. Reading adjacent blocks of data is no faster than reading blocks that are spread out over the drive. Fragmentation does not affect SSD drive speed. (...) SSD drives physically wear out as you write to them. Defragmentation software moves around all the files on your drive. Thus, defragmenting an SSD reduces its life span without giving you any benefits." Still, if you write a piece of A a piece of B a piece of C then a piece of A then piece of B ( A B C A B C ) it's fully certain that you wont have on the disk AAA BBB CCC, whereas you can expect most of the file patterns to be AAA BBB CCC if you write from the queue. In the case of A B C A B C you need a disk seek when reading pieces of the file, in the case of AAA you don't. As long as there are mechanical hard disks (and they still have big advantages for a lot of uses) such things matter a lot. You can seek only 100 times per second! Just to compare, during time waited on one seek on 2 GHz machine you can do at least 20 millions of calculations... Article says: (Windows 7) "the OS knows it’s a SSD and turns off features like defrag" So you claim to see improvement from something turned off by the OS? How? It's more complicated than that. Specifically, on NTFS there's that thing called MFT which stores the file information and even the whole file if it's small. You can even get MFT fragmented if you write files from folders A B C D like A1 B1 C1 D1 instead of A1 A2 A3 ... If you copy for example 3 folders with a lot of files (no matter of file sizes) without the queue you made disc reading three times more data and skipping them in the case when you do a simple dir for one folder (before it's cached in memory file cache, of course). Queues are important thing, ignoring them is still bad. Even on SSD -- you reduced the throughput rate even there by not caring. It also contains some really great words from Jobs like: "You think about focusing, you think focusing is about saying "yes?" No. Focusing is about saying no. And you've got to say "no," "no," "no." And you know you're going to piss off people. and they go talk to the San Jose Mercury and they write a shitty article about you. And it's really a pisser. Because you wanna be nice, you don't wanna to tell the San Jose Mercury the person who is telling you this was just asked to leave, or this or that. So you take the lumps, and Apple's been taking their share of lumps for the last six months. In a very unfair way. And it's been taking them like an adult and I'm proud of that. And there's more to come, I'm sure. There'll be stories like that, they come and go, but focus is about saying no. And the result of that focus is going to be some really great products. Where the total is much greater than the sum of the parts." You can also see why the guy questions (in OP video) Jobs: "And when you're finished with that, perhaps you could tell us what you personally have been doing for the last 7 years." -- Jobs mentions that some of the guys who "tell stories" haven't been doing anything last seven years. The results of a survey: http://blogs.msdn.com/b/ricom/archive/2007/02/08/performance... No, it's not "a mess." People who write it follow a lot of rules. The problem is, following rules just "because it should be done so" and uncritically applying them leads to very weird things (^) I believe you haven't seen what a lot of programmers working under bad lead can produce in a year of two out of the simple goals... Really experienced programmers don't "overengineer." (^) It looks like: "public class RecursiveFactorialImplementation implements FactorialAlgorithm" from: http://news.ycombinator.com/item?id=2143310 You don't need to have POPCNT to implement much faster bit counting: http://graphics.stanford.edu/~seander/bithacks.html#CountBit... I'm glad that you like it, maybe you can explain to me: Newspeak is a Smalltalk variant, and, if I understand: http://bracha.org/newspeak-101.pdf it can currently work only in its own IDE, which, IMHO, immensely reduces the possibilities for its application. Even if we get "a kind of smalltalk in a browser" who's going to use it? Imagine, all that goodness I have in my favorite editor, just goes away. I'm supposed to click around in some IDE modifying some classes with something, only to change something that works only in that same single IDE? What should be the real use of it all? Thanks for mentioning http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/COMEFROM A joke in 1973 -- kind of a reality with the exceptions. As early as FORTRAN IV, IO operations errors were handled in higher level programming languages: WRITE( 6, 30, ERR=390 ) specified that error handling for that given write operation was behind the label 390. The march of progress, just like even the first FORTRAN circa 1956 did WRITE (6, 150) X 150 FORMAT (F10.2) But C++ since 1988 improved it with cout or Java 1996 with: java.text.NumberFormat formatter = java.text.NumberFormat.getNumberInstance(); formatter.setMinimumFractionDigits(2); formatter.setMaximumFractionDigits(2); String s = formatter.format(x); for (int i = s.length(); i The march of progress. If you want your application to run on Windows 2000, you can't. VS 2008 doesn't have "auto" etc but it can produce binaries which run on Windows 2000. The libraries for VS 2010 simply removed the code that allowed them to run on Windows 2000. I can imagine you'll ask "who uses Windows 2000," well, if home users don't, the companies still do. Note: "High-efficiency SWF compression support: Developers can now take advantage of LZMA compression for their SWF files. LZMA compression can reduce SWF size by up to 40 percent, enabling users to benefit from richer experiences with shorter download times and reduced bandwidth consumption." If I understand correctly, they must have used the code developed by Igor Pavlov, the author of 7z, who made it LGPL. LGPL means his code must be in a separate DLL, can anybody confirm that? Note that this guy, to which Adobe refers: http://blog.kaourantin.net/?p=124 claims it's public domain, but it's not: http://www.7-zip.org/ In case somebody doesn't know D. Richard Hipp not only wrote SQLite, the SQL engine used in iPhone, Chrome browser and who knows where else, he also put that in public domain. Moreover, SQLite increases the executable only around 260 KB. That was one of the design goals! I've actually tested this, so I have the exact answers! The author just saw the estimate of 1; he hasn't measured it, it seems. The estimation by Windows Explorer was wrong in my test but the actual difference wasn't so significant. In my tests, the time of "a lot of small files" is dominated by the USB stick slowness (800 files totaling 5 M took 80 sec from the HDD and 90 sec from the network share), and the time of "copying a big file" gets two times slower when the sizes of write blocks to USB stick are not "convenient" and that happens in the "network to USB" case (130 MB for 7 sec from HDD, 14 sec from the network share). Note that Windows by default doesn't cache writes to the USB stick; specifically, the scenario "plug out the stick without unmounting" is supported, whereas the last time I've checked I had to unmount USB sticks on Linux to be sure that everything is properly written. So once you don't cache writes you're at mercy of the USB stick, which is reasonably fast only for one specific block size (specific multiple, actually). When you don't get the best block size over the network, you'll get slower writes to the USB stick. What I see in my tests (on Windows XP) is that the copying is done by CopyFileEx API, which uses blocks of 65536 bytes (64KB) from the local HDD but uses blocks of 61440 bytes (that's exactly one 4K block less than 64KB) over the network, which is then slower on the USB stick. Conclusions: a) Don't copy small files to the USB stick on Windows if you need speed. It's hundreds of times faster (when the bytes are counted) to copy an archive of the files vs. a file by file. b) If you want efficient copying of bigger files from the network share to the USB stick, avoid CopyFileEx API function, at least on Windows XP, use the software which writes in 32K multiples. In this case, no need asking when it can be diagnosed exactly: http://news.ycombinator.com/item?id=3057201 I suggest anybody interested to read: No Silver Bullet: Essence and Accidents of Software Engineering http://news.ycombinator.com/item?id=3068513 for a better idea why the state of art is actually much less terrible than it appears to idealists. "I believe the hard part of building software to be the specification, design, and testing of this conceptual construct, not the labor of representing it and testing the fidelity of the representation. We still make syntax errors, to be sure; but they are fuzz compared with the conceptual errors in most systems. If this is true, building software will always be hard. There is inherently no silver bullet." Whenever you manage to make a specification "simpler" when there are in fact a lot of implementation details you're giving away the chance to modify the behavior of the stuff that is implied. E.g. think why Google just doesn't buy Oracle servers instead of developing all their software infrastructure -- they wouldn't be able to provide the service they do and they wouldn't earn anything. Whenever you decide that you "don't care" you didn't really remove complexity, you just decided to accept the way the system behaves by default with all the limitations that come from that. Idealists think that a lot of the details can be "abstracted away" just because they'd rather not think about them, but they are still there and they make the difference. The relevant quotes in tzdata are in the files (tzcode and tzdata are public domain): northamerica: # From Paul Eggert (2006-03-22): # A good source for time zone historical data in the US is # Thomas G. Shanks, The American Atlas (5th edition), # San Diego: ACS Publications, Inc. (1991). # Make sure you have the errata sheet; the book is somewhat useless without it. # It is the source for most of the pre-1991 US entries below. europe: # From Paul Eggert (2006-03-22): # A good source for time zone historical data outside the U.S. is # Thomas G. Shanks and Rique Pottenger, The International Atlas (6th edition), # San Diego: ACS Publications, Inc. (2003). As far as I know, even if the book is copyrighted, the raw information contained in it shouldn't be? tzdata and tzcode are also interpretations of the data where the decision to accept Shanks' info or not is made for every entry in the database, for example: # Austria # From Paul Eggert (2006-03-22): Shanks & Pottenger give 1918-06-16 and # 1945-11-18, but the Austrian Federal Office of Metrology and # Surveying (BEV) gives 1918-09-16 and for Vienna gives the "alleged" # date of 1945-04-12 with no time. For the 1980-04-06 transition # Shanks & Pottenger give 02:00, the BEV 00:00. Go with the BEV, # and guess 02:00 for 1945-04-12. The video of Jobs' actual talk: http://www.youtube.com/watch?feature=player_embedded&v=u... And Raskin is quoted there, and Raskin was the guy who wanted the Mac without mouse . I think it's obvious that Jobs in fact designed Mac, in a sense -- realized his vision. It's also very clear that Jobs even cared a lot about every detail of his products. See also the last link in the article which leads to: http://folklore.org/StoryView.py?project=Macintosh&story... "ultimately, if any single individual deserves the honor, I would have to cast my vote for the obvious choice, Steve Jobs, because the Macintosh never would have happened without him, in anything like the form it did. Other individuals are responsible for the actual creative work, but Steve's vision, passion for excellence and sheer strength of will, not to mention his awesome powers of persuasion, drove the team to meet or exceed the impossible standards that we set for ourselves. Steve already gets a lot of credit for being the driving force behind the Macintosh, but in my opinion, it's very well deserved." Interestingly, they don't mention their latest incarnation of "DLL hell," the multiple versions of the same libraries which are used by different pieces of their own system. http://blogs.technet.com/b/askcore/archive/2008/09/17/what-i... If they use a DLL version x for a component A and a version y for a component B, they raised memory usage only for convenience of not updating one of the components to use the latest version of the DLL. ALGOL had almost everything that C had including portable types at least 10 years earlier: http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/ALGOL and really innovative guys, Burroughs computers had their operating system written in an ALGOL dialect: http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Burroughs_Corporation all before C. Personally I appreciate the terseness of C and its closeness to assembly a lot, and I believe it all reflects the good taste of Ritchie, but still he didn't do anything "impossible" from my perspective. To compare, you can read again: "The Summer Of 1960 (Time Spent with don knuth)" http://news.ycombinator.com/item?id=2856567 where Knuth writes an ALGOL compiler for Burroughs in 1960 working 40 hours a week in violation of Cal Tech's policy that limits the number of hours that a Ph.D. candidate can work. I'm not mistaken, only you appear not to have experience with FORTRAN and Pascal. > There was no such thing as a general-purpose program that was both portable across a variety of hardware and also efficient enough to compete with custom code written for just that hardware. Of course ALGOL easily matches this claim. Proof: Knuth's TeX was written in Pascal. Not to mention everything that was written in FORTRAN. > I still occasionally run programs originally written in 1981 for a single-processor 16-bit PDP-11 with 64k of RAM per program, and they're still efficient Try to check when most of the FORTRAN libraries still used today were written. Some -- decades before 1980. See also how long FORTRAN compilers generated faster scientific code than C -- for decades after C appeared. You can also find why: http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Pointer_aliasing > "Why Pascal is Not My Favorite Programming Language" The paper, as far as I remember, doesn't claim impossibility of writing useful software, mainly laments for the lack of return, break, continue constructs, which are convenient to have but not real show-stoppers. Note also that Pascal standard features are just to be a "learner's language" not a "system language" -- for which there were working compilers and uses before C. > You couldn't run the Burroughs 5000 Master Control Program on a PDP-11, as far as I know, at all, and certainly not efficiently. You'd also have to port Unix the same way you had to port MCP -- you can think of MCP as Unix in which drivers are part of the kernel -- but "integer" in ALGOL is certainly as portable as "int" in Unix -- they both fit the "hardware word." Nicer pointer arithmetics in C is a good point. Though note that Wirth also had "Pascal lite" with pointers and which was closer to assembly for OS-level stuff just as Burroughs had ALGOL lite for OS-level stuff. The concepts of "closer to assembly" but higher-level languages existed certainly well before C. The idea to separate kernel and drivers is something else, and I don't know who achieved that first and when. Finally, see Google's go -- it's more or less acceptance of Wirth's directions, mixed with terser notation of C. (Now, finally, why are you still on my lawn?) > The C abstract model of computation is an increasingly poor fit to modern hardware No, you can observe C (as well as more or less all ALGOL descendants) as a higher level representation acceptably close to assembly, so as long as there are CPU's which execute machine code and we need to care about details (see http://news.ycombinator.com/item?id=3068513 ) we'll need something like that to have efficient and not too low level representation. > What does Golang have in common with Oberon (?) that it doesn't have with C? http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Oberon_(programming_language) A lot! Garbage collection, no unsafe pointer arithmetic, type specification different from variable use (varname: type) > ALGOL-60 doesn't have bitwise operations Ah.... That's like saying that Unix IV didn't have driver for your network card. It was just not standard only because CPU instruction sets were not standard enough. Real-life compilers had it: http://rosettacode.org/wiki/Bitwise_operations#ALGOL_68 > more than one precision of floating-point FORTRAN had it, C didn't care initially. And FORTRAN remained faster for long. > Where can I learn more? Actually, my bad, sorry, "lite" "closer to the system" language was even before Pascal and obviously before C, it was a bootstrap language for ALGOL W in sixties, see sources: http://bitsavers.org/pdf/stanford/listing/Algol_W_Listing_No... And then Pascal was also written in Pascal after it was bootstrapped once. I switched from FF to Opera a few years ago and I'm still happy. FF really behaves bad, even on fast computers -- my girlfriend uses it and I've seen locks described in the OP. I use Opera on the Windows computer from 2002 and on my Linux Core 2 computer and it's very responsive on both. Early Apple computers used BASIC and assembly, Apple Lisa and early Apple Macintosh were Pascal oriented... Steve Jobs did just fine without C and Unix. It's true that there's Unix in OS X and iOS, but there there's Linux which powers Google and most of the datacenters today, it's in Android and almost any gadget you look at... and the article authors don't mention it because then it wouldn't be in any way anything specific to Steve Jobs... See also: http://news.ycombinator.com/item?id=1624481 > It's pretty strong evidence that, in 1966, even Niklaus Wirth thought he had to write nonportable code — essentially assembly language with ALGOL syntax — in order to get acceptable performance. I'd however say that that 1966 code is not at all so far away from C. Today I can also use registers in my big C compiler, heck, I have to for really serious optimization. Just like then. C is also not automatically portable unless active care is done to test it on another platforms and rewrite the parts of it -- if you claim the opposite I have for you some 2 million lines of code I maintain after at least 40 people worked on it -- it's not an exception, more a typical example. Just as I've already said (do read!) the original article makes the connection between Jobs and dmr much bigger than it should be and ignores a lot of technology which also uses dmr work. Why is fanboyism claiming 1) Jobs first big influences on technology were dmr free (Pascal in Lisa and Macintosh) and 2) authors didn't mention a lot of technology that directly uses things like C and Unix that dmr coauthored. http://www.sfgate.com/cgi-bin/article.cgi?file=/c/a/2004/08/... "Jobs sought to assure colleagues that he was not suffering from a more common -- and more deadly -- cancer of the pancreas." Jobs: "I had a very rare form of pancreatic cancer called an islet cell neuroendocrine tumor, which represents about 1 percent of the total cases of pancreatic cancer diagnosed each year, and can be cured by surgical removal if diagnosed in time (mine was)." If he really had an "islet cell neuroendocrine tumor" he really had the chance to live much longer than he lived, had he accepted the operation earlier. Note he also didn't have to lie in "mine was." It was diagnosed in time , but he waited with the operation the nine months. Yes, you are not safe even if you are logged off from Skype! PDF here: http://news.ycombinator.com/item?id=3137303 "When the caller calls a Skype user who is currently off-line, the Skype application will still provide to the caller the user’s most recent IP address, as long as the user was running Skype in the past 72 hours. For this reason, we are able to retrieve the IP address of a Skype user that used Skype within the past 72 hours" (!) The whole experiment is based on learning from other code samples (see http://www.cs.siue.edu/~astefik/papers/StefikPlateau2011.pdf ). That's what they measured -- how easy is for the beginner to learn from the code samples. If you don't explain the logic behind the special characters, of course it's easier to learn what the code is about from the notation which has less special characters and less semantic behind the special characters, like their better faring language: action z(integer a, integer b, integer c) returns number number d = 0.0 number e = 0.0 integer i = a repeat b - a times if i mod c = 0 then I'd say the students were talented if they managed to make reasonable results in any language, from my perspective, their "better" language is still way too hard for absolute beginners. http://articles.latimes.com/1994-06-11/news/mn-2837_1_mary-g... "In 1980, she discussed with then-IBM Corp. Chairman John Opel, who was also on the United Way committee, the business IBM was doing with Microsoft. Opel, some accounts say, knew little about the venture, but mentioned Mary Gates to IBM executives who introduced Microsoft at a meeting of IBM's top-level management committee a few weeks later. IBM contracted with Microsoft, then a small firm specializing in computer languages, to create an operating system for its first personal computer." Once I have the time I should calculate the number of people who grew up to be older than 15 during the history times -- most of the births must have been of those who didn't grew up. I agree that compact view doesn't solve the problem. http://news.ycombinator.com/item?id=3184606 The problem are non-scrollable regions. What's next, status bar on the page and even more menus? Also: http://news.ycombinator.com/item?id=3184798 I'd add to that: 1) using the page space for fixed "app-like" UI instead of just presenting the page. UI on top of UI really doesn't make using their pages better for me. The scroll bars get smaller, the effective vertical space of my screen usable for content goes away exactly at time the screens on notebooks get always less vertical pixels. Things go horribly wrong recently. Compare 1973: http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Xerox_Alto therefore: http://news.ycombinator.com/item?id=3184798 2) using the BIG RED BUTTON for creating a post! Really? RED like "stop sign" red? Like a "SELF DESTRUCT" red? Aww. Already discussed and with more information: http://news.ycombinator.com/item?id=3183270 Exactly. Typically, the curriculum for history is made to match some political agenda (even if you'd claim that it's not so, it is in fact always so with the history taught in schools). Making it adhering to the agenda necessary results in some awkward perspectives or unbalanced attention to really relevant or really interesting events. To quote Bertha von Suttner in "Lay Down Your Arms," 1889: "Speaking generally it is history which, as our youth are instructed, is the chief source of the admiration of war. From thence it is stamped on the childish mind that the Lord of armies is constantly decreeing battles, that these are, as it were, the vehicle upon which the destiny of nations is carried on through the ages ; that they are the fulfilment of an inevitable law of nature and must always occur from time to time like storms at sea or earthquakes ; that terror and woe are indeed connected with them ; but the latter is fully counterpoised, for the commonwealth by the importance of the results, for individuals by the blaze of glory which may be won in them, or even by the consciousness of the fulfilment of the most elevated duty. Can there be a more glorious death than that on the field of honour, a nobler immortality than that of the hero? All this comes out clear and unanimous in all school-books "readings for the use of schools," where, besides the formal history, which is only represented as a concatenation of military events, even the separate tales and poems always manage to tell only of heroic deeds of arms. This is a part of the patriotic system of education. Since out of every scholar a defender of his country has to be formed, therefore the enthusiasm even of the child must be aroused for this its first duty as a citizen; his spirit must be hardened against the natural horror which the terrors of war might awaken, by passing over as quickly as possible the story of the most fearful massacres and butcheries as of something quite common and necessary, and laying meanwhile all possible stress on the ideal side of this ancient national custom; and it is in this way they have succeeded in forming a race eager for battle and delighting in war." Here's one of the reasons: http://news.ycombinator.com/item?id=3190205 "If I remember correctly, Google engineers are given the choice of one 30" monitor or a two 24" monitors," That explains all. At the time "normal people" converge to notebooks and laptops with even less height, they "optimize" UI for their immense screens. The managers who approve also test it on their 30 inch screens. And they certainly don't understand the complaints, probably saying: "don't you all have 30 inch?" "let them eat cake." I have an old notebook with 1050 pixels height and even there the new changes are annoying to me. What's with now more common 768, 800 and 900 pixels? Are you are interested in the parsing of the HTTP requests? I think I've recently seen some hand-coded state-based C implementation (I guess it can even be O(n)?) in some fast open-source HTTP server. The "Implementing Regular Expressions" page gives the full (scientific) background to "re2 - An efficient, principled regular expression library" http://news.ycombinator.com/item?id=3204427 > Or may be if Raskin was able to had it his way, we would Apple would have brought a PC to nearly every home and has as much impact to the society as MS had. If I'm not wrong, Raskin's I'd say "anti-vision" consisted of no GUI, no mouse, basically a kind of machine that even predated PC-s (capable of even less, but therefore being simpler to use). Jobs wanted more than anywhere existed and still having it simple to use. I think it's easy to compare. I'd say, if you have to ask, you don't need it. Even the article writer doesn't need it: as far as I understand he never presented some use case which would benefit from such techniques: "It's mostly intended as an example of how these tricks work." Now, if you have an OS component it's convenient to have a mechanism to easily hook some externally exposed API function. The code he presents inserts a special place in such functions which are so prepared to be hooked and another code does the redirection. If you write applications and not OS components, I can't imagine you'd ever need such a code. With a simple LKG you shouldn't do that. There aren't simple LKG's in the implementations to which that sentence refers. Nobody needs to do "the groundwork" of implementing the existing algorithms in JS if they would be "in the backend." The reason author did it was to have different algorithms, with their own good and bad sides, giving the same repeatable results on the existing platforms implemented in pure JS and with the common interface. Additionally he presented his own algorithm inspired by Marsaglia's MWC. Does your claim stay for the r() with the period longer than 2 to 100, the shortest in the algorithms he presents? I've made a test to get numbers 0..99 from C stdlib random which gives 16-bit numbers and has a period of 2 to 32 and that was enough to actually see bias if enough numbers (but much less than a period) are generated. Even for such a small range. I'd say the problem is very real, not just theoretic. "current smartphones (iPhone 4S and the latest Android phones) should have more computing power than my laptop 5-7 years ago." It depends on what you compare. Even if the CPU is fast, its speed is there to work less, not to be 100% all the time. See: http://www.anandtech.com/show/2782/2 "although the system may require 3 watts or so to "hurry up", the power consumption goes down near .25 watts when idle. By averaging these two numbers, one can quickly see how quick start can extend battery life" There are Flash-based ads that push CPU use to 100% on 6 years old computers for all the time you're looking at the page with contains them. Second, the video decoding on the phones is done not in the main CPU -- there's a hardware decoder. If Flash video content is not suitable for the hardware decoder, Flash code has no chance to be efficient. Again, 100% CPU use. "And yet these are acceptable by users, but a Flash game that depletes battery is not acceptable. Why is this the case?" If you ask ordinary "users" they'd want everything, including Flash on every device and in the browser too. Then they'd complain that "the internet" is to slow to even appear even if the page "just has a few ads." In Apple's case, Jobs, not "users", decided what he cared more for. > there is no such rule in place, since other apps are allowed to drain the battery very quickly. Flash was not an app. It was supposed to extend the Apple's browser. Imagine you develop the browser, and you can decide if you want to allow me to "extend" it causing it: crashing all the time (see how it performs on the OS X), making the otherwise fluid pages "stuck" and unresponsive, and finally, not even having a ready version of extension for years. Furthermore, if you're aware that anybody who develops something new would have anyway to develop the interaction differently for your mobile device, and that the main benefit of my extension is for the already deployed code (the one designed for the desktops). But you know that the already deployed code simply cant be run "properly" (as in having a proper interaction) on the mobile device no matter how the extension is developed. Then would you allow me to diminish the value (making it behaving worse) of your already finished product? How can you make people stop sending messages? How can "recording to disks" make some change? What do you think is being done otherwise than writing some databases? Not the same, the loop you suggest doesn't work when s is not initialized before: >>> state [0, 1, 2] >>> states [[11, 12], [21, 22], [31, 32]] >>> s=None >>> [ st for st in states[ s ] for s in state ] Traceback (most recent call last): File " ", line 1, in TypeError: list indices must be integers, not NoneType >>> s >>> [ st for s in state for st in states[ s ] ] [11, 12, 21, 22, 31, 32] And here is an example how it actually runs. I did some renames to make more obvious what's where: something = [ x for loop ] Means something = [] for loop: something.append[ x ] so I'll use x for the current element of the resulting list (I'll rename st to x). Second, the 'letter' is not relevant for analysis, I'll assume a constant. Third, there are variables 'state' and 'states' so naming again can confusingly suggest that there is some deep connection between them. I'll rename 'states' to 'moves'. So instead of: state = [st for s in state for st in states[(s,letter)]] I'll start from: state = [x for s in state for x in moves[s]] Now to show exactly what's going on, I'll rewrite it to print partial results: state=[0,1,2] moves=[[11,12],[21,22],[31,32]] t = [] for s in state: a = moves[ s ] print "s, a:",s, a for x in a: print "x:", x t.append( x ) print t state = t The output is: s, a: 0 [11, 12] x: 11 x: 12 s, a: 1 [21, 22] x: 21 x: 22 s, a: 2 [31, 32] x: 31 x: 32 [11, 12, 21, 22, 31, 32] You linked obviously the much later code than what can be anything relevant for the first Javascript implementation in Netscape in nineties. If I understand it correctly, this is the experimental code that was supposed to be used in the research for a "big leap" in Javascript syntax considered by Mozilla around the middle of the previous decade. The keyword to search for can be Epimetheus, it appears in the sources you linked: http://www-archive.mozilla.org/js/language/Epimetheus.html http://discerning.com/burstproject.org/build/doc/constructs.... 'Mozilla's implementation ("JavaScript 2.0", or "Epimetheus"): http://www.mozilla.org/js/language/Epimetheus.html http://www.mozilla.org/js/language/js20/ It (of course) has all features of Draft ECMAScript 4, and a few additions. It is not (to our knowledge) shipping in any product.' You should still change the wrong title. Funny the article doesn't mention the greatest influence: http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Acorn_Computers All the chips in todays smartphones have origins in the company which made BBC Micro. Those guys should have been interviewed. This is wrong on so many levels it's hard to even start criticizing. TL/DR: the guy wants more or less the semantics of decimal floating point numbers (with NaNs and all) in integers, and believes that such "integers" would be "better" in his words"to make it difficult for those specialized integers to flow into allocation functions, array indices, etc. That sort of thing is the root of a lot of serious bugs in C/C++ applications." In fact, integers that we have in current CPUs are product of let's say at least 50 years of engineering and they are optimum, even if somebody declares them "the root of a lot of serious bugs in C/C++ applications." I've got the news for him: a lot of other and older languages have the same behavior because that's the local optimum for a hardware implementation and it will remain so even once we have decimal fp numbers of the same speed as integers (even if we ignore that actually we won't). Before two's complement there were other integer variants implemented in hardware and they turned out to be less functional as two's complement representation. Then gives the example that if this code result = result * 10 + cursor - '0'; were evaluated as result * 10 + (cursor - '0') there won't be overflow, totally ignoring that the languages often have exactly defined order of evaluation and that if the language has the defined order of evaluation from left to right for + and - then the only proper evaluation is only (result * 10 + cursor) - '0' It's as simple as that. Then he ends with the loop that wouldn't work with floating point NaNs (and therefore wouldn't fit in NaNs for integers too): for (x = INT_MIN; x != iNaN; x++) because every number is not equal to NaN, so the above loop would never end. I'd say everything he wrote is not even wrong. "The loop that you say "would never end"? It would end. When `x` overflows it'll be set to `iNaN`, and the loop will exit." I see you don't have experience with NaN semantics: http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/NaN "A comparison with a NaN always returns an unordered result even when comparing with itself." If you say "but iNaNs would be different" you already missed the point. "Nowhere does he say that the semantics of his `iNaN` are exactly analogous to the those of existing floating-point NaNs" Since current semantics is used everywhere today, using semantics that you imply for some new cases and keeping the current for existing would immensely add to confusion and it would be wrong. It's not nit to pick, it obviously shows that author (and you too) is not acquainted with something that should be a common knowledge in the profession since at least 1985, http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/IEEE_754-1985 And that was exactly my point since my first post. I like to write Perl scripts which generate Postscript pictures. It gives me better interactivity of Perl development combined with the exactness of the results of Postscript. The end result is usually a PDF file. Still I've never learned to embed external fonts in my scripts, does anybody have some straightforward text about that part? As far as I know I'm legally 100% clean if I manage to use any font as long as I only distribute the PDF at the end. I like the idea of linked control, like on the small planes. That's "the principle of least surprise" and also gives the copilot the right information of what another guy is doing -- that was obviously missing here! However if you add force feedback of the plane computer "correcting you" you'd never know if it's plane or an another guy. Therefore, force feedback from the computer doesn't sound to me as a good idea. Some kind of feedback would be a good thing, but in panic, it wouldn't be noticed. I guess I'd put something like something "protruding up" on the stick when in another mode -- you'd feel and see it. Finally, switch flipping is unnecessary if you have a force feedback. It think that's really the major feature missing! How exactly is he using the pow function? It's a number to the 37th and then mod 0x13AC59F3ECAC3127065A9, how did he select the numbers and why is he doing that operations? I think you're on the good track. Since there are no new suggestions, my opinion is: http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/RSA_(algorithm) The answer to "why" is: he's the author of the Putty SSH client, and he decided to use the bignum feature of Python to demonstrate the encryption in as little code as possible and make the signature out of it. The final Apple TV version: "Here's to the crazy ones. The misfits. The rebels. The troublemakers. The round pegs in the square holes. The ones who see things differently. They're not fond of rules. And they have no respect for the status quo. You can quote them, disagree with them, glorify or vilify them. About the only thing you can't do is ignore them. Because they change things. They push the human race forward. While some may see them as the crazy ones, we see genius. Because the people who are crazy enough to think they can change the world, are the ones who do." The version for which Jobs said "It sucks! I hate it! It's advertising agency shit!": "To the crazy ones. Here's to the misfits. The rebels. The troublemakers. Here's to the ones who see the world differently. They're the ones who invent and imagine and create. They're the ones who push the human race forward. While some may see them as the crazy ones, we see genius. Because the people who are crazy enough to believe they can change the world are the ones who actually do." The devil is in the details. I'd be also very unsatisfied with the line: "They're the ones who invent and imagine and create." Like a kid writing. Also note that Jobs practically selected the whole concept, before, "on the spot" even if he expressed doubts -- most people would "sleep over it" or whatever -- he decided immediately. Really to be respected. "Just do it" ads started in 1988, almost a decade before Think Different campaign, here's to compare: http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ENi1SvEFqsQ Thanks for posting the Jobs' ad introduction, I've seen his talk before, but I as watched it after reading both the article and Isaacson's bio I saw something new and different. I also have an impression that Rob Siltanen didn't remember correctly the Jobs' attire on that day as he saw him, that it was not actually a "black mock turtleneck" but a black sweater just like in the video. As js2 quotes from the biography, Jobs said about Lee and the campaign: "He and his team had come up with this brilliant idea, "Think Different."" I'd say Jobs gave the proper credit. Now we have a version of the events from the guy who wrote the start and the end of the text and one insight more. It's all about the infinite numbers of bits that get lost as soon as the decimal fraction is converted in binary. See http://babbage.cs.qc.edu/IEEE-754/ Enter 1.15 and marvel how mantissa is represented: 1.0010011001100110011001100110011001100110011001100110 The whole FP number in hex is: 3ff2666666666666 if there were more bits, 1100 would still continue to repeat. But you have to store that number in fixed number of bits. Whichever fixed number of bits you select, you'll miss the infinite piece of repeats! Modern CPUs and languages represent the whole number in 8 bytes, using binary base, taking a few bits for the exponent. The above number is 3ff2666666666666 So now you multiply that with decimal 100. The result is still a series of repeats: 405cbfffffffffff Whereas exact 115 would be: 405cc00000000000 Why do we get one bit difference? Because we started from the finite binary representation of "1.15" that is not equivalent to your decimal "1.15". If you don't want such things to happen, you should use: http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Decimal_floating_point We write only decimal representations, and such representation used internally would always provide the "expected" results. Currently no Intel processor supports such numbers in hardware, therefore such numbers are seldom present in languages. As far as I know only IBM processors have hardware implementation of such numbers: http://www.ibm.com/developerworks/wikis/display/hpccentral/H... Your Ruby executable just rounds the binary represented result before displaying as decimal. It depends on the conversion libraries used and default rounding limits. Wikipedia here http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/S%26P_GSCI quotes this article: http://www.economist.com/node/16432870?subjectid=2512631&... "After analysing data on both prices and individual holdings from America’s Commodity Futures Trading Commission, the OECD study found that there was “no convincing evidence that positions held by index traders…impact market returns”; indeed, the OECD reckons that larger positions led to lower market volatility (although data issues mean the finding is more convincing for agricultural products than for energy markets)." And "AppEngine-Google" user agents were not logged: http://blog.mocality.co.ke/2012/01/13/google-what-were-you-t... So Nelson Mattos ( http://investing.businessweek.com/research/stocks/people/per... ) confirms that what Mocality diagnosed is correct: - there are people inside of Google, working for Google, that manually accessed web data of Mocality and then phoned Mocality clients making fraudulent claims about Mocality and practically trying to extort the money from the clients. Note that those in Google can't be "just some local Kenyans" as Mocality recored systematic access from Google India after access from Kenya stopped: http://blog.mocality.co.ke/files/2012/01/both.png Note also what Mocality logged: - "8 different user agents mostly running Chrome on Linux" It's so cries "Google" and it can be much more than eight people doing this, as, for example, all machines where hard disks are duplicated or are simply similarly configured would have the same user agent. Mocality also estimates that - "this team were calling 20-25 Mocality business per hour" ( http://blog.mocality.co.ke/2012/01/13/google-what-were-you-t... ) This is SOO BIG. > I have confidence that Google employees were not involved with the fraud aspects of what occurred here How come, when Google India was obviously involved, looking at the post that you link as well? What am I missing? Author claims that if you know that you have as an input the permuted numbers 1..n you can "sort" them? Why would you have to "sort" them, why not just create the order? def quasiSort( a ): return range( 1, len( a ) + 1 ) a = quasiSort( [ 3, 1, 2 ] ) print a Have you noticed that at first Kenyans were the ones that called Kenyan clients, but from one point on the people from India took over? Mocality recorded the calls, the MP3 files are linked in their original post: http://blog.mocality.co.ke/2012/01/13/google-what-were-you-t... Douglas, Kenyan, so local: https://s3-eu-west-1.amazonaws.com/mocality-wordpress/audio/... Deepthi, Indian: https://s3-eu-west-1.amazonaws.com/mocality-wordpress/audio/... It obviously can't be just "some team" when it spans minimum two continents, some small bad guys in Kenyan team are certainly not able to move the "local" operation to India. > they have to focus on getting someone who can speak the local language So, for you it's just some small "regional team" when they stop calling from Kenya, after speaking local language, and then some people from Google India take over? (*) http://news.ycombinator.com/item?id=3462983 Scott Adams nailed it: http://www.dilbert.com/2011-12-19/ At the section "What about per-thread count arrays?" he uses the omp_get_num_threads() to allocate "per thread" array, but as far as I see he's still not in the parallel region, the num threads can as well be 1 there. Author also writes: "This is likely the cost of starting N=110885 different worker threads in Python." As far as I understand, he has only 4 hard coded threads (that they are they hard coded doesn't have sense too). Finally I don't see why he should get only speedup of two with four cores, he certainly doesn't explain it. EDIT 1: I believe commenter onemoreact found the reason: the compiler probably assumes that all loop passes take around the same time, but the author managed to make longest loop last N times longer than the shortest. I'd still like to have any real quotation. EPA claims about "Municipal Solid Waste": "We estimated residential waste (including waste from apartment houses) to be 55 to 65 percent of total MSW generation. Waste from commercial and institutional locations, such as schools, hospitals, and businesses, amounted to 35 to 45 percent." http://www.epa.gov/epawaste/nonhaz/municipal/pubs/msw2009-fs... See also what screwt writes: the rubble, for example, is not the kind of waste that has an environmental impact of the household waste (e.g. batteries with toxic materials etc). The important thing is environmental impact, not the absolute weight of the waste. I agree however that EPA seems to be too silent about the waste produced by factories. Exactly: old Unix directory filename entries were, at least at some time, exactly 1 to 14 characters long. http://computing.fnal.gov/unixatfermilab/html/filesys.html Having the size so fixed, storing the 15th character that would always be null on the disks (and also in memory) was a pure waste. Note that earliest versions of Unix run in less than 64 KB. When copying the name to a fixed buffer of 14 characters which is to be stored on the disk, padding the buffer with nulls was also not a performance issue and had a benefit of not leaving "junk" in the buffer. The problems only happen when people expect from such routines with very specific usage scenarios something for which they were not designed. So the strncpy was never meant to be "a safer veriant for strcpy." Moreover, strcpy_s is also not a replacement for strncpy, but for a strcpy -- it was introduced to be replaced instead of strcpy in the old code bases as a part of reducing the number of security issues in the old code. Of course there is (in Microsoft's CRT) strncpy_s, the rationale behind all _s functions is here: http://msdn.microsoft.com/en-us/library/8ef0s5kh(v=vs.80).as... "Sized Buffers. The secure functions require that the buffer size be passed to any function that writes to a buffer. The secure versions validate that the buffer is large enough before writing to it, helping to avoid dangerous buffer overrun errors that could allow malicious code to execute. These functions usually return an errno type of error code and invoke the invalid parameter handler if the size of the buffer is too small. Functions that read from input buffers, such as gets, have secure versions that require you to specify a maximum size. (...) Null termination. Some functions that left potentially non-terminated strings have secure versions which ensure that strings are properly null terminated." The article is based on the wrong premises. Advice: if you work low level with substrings and concatenations, where the performance matters, don't try to fix the str routines, use the pointers. Maintain the pointer to the last character of the area to which you concatenate. Traverse only the characters you need from the source. If you don't care about the performance or exact storage aspects, use much higher level approaches, some string libraries. Already discussed http://news.ycombinator.com/item?id=3464060 even the same link: http://torrentfreak.com/us-authorities-silence-ninjavideo-fo... I had the same thoughts as you, "is it for real?" as I've read this part: "nd, why even bother spending two hours of your time sitting and absorbing a complex narrative that isn’t connected to you, when you can pop open your iPhone and get a quick hit of rarefied entertainment from people you actually know — who you can actually relate to as opposed to just project on." "absorbing a complex narrative"? Of a Hollywood film? Yes, that's "demanding." I don't know anything about Chrome extensions but I know that typical bookmarklets function in all browsers. So my question is: why? Why not just using bookmarklet as is? Am I the only one old enough to believe to remember that IE had this functionality (I refer to the "full screen on click on something in the page" functionality) at least more than 10 years ago and it sucked big time, as poor users would just click somewhere and then they would end on some malicious page which would "replace" their menus, taksbars etc with some nefarious code? Why should it be different this time? It is a collection of articles for the "Electrical Experimenter" magazine: http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Electrical_Experimenter The articles were written by Tesla and they are autobiographical. There are also some versions on the internet which include fake sentences inserted later by some religious zealot mentioning "God, Divine Being." Take care not to link to those. The research paper: Massage Therapy Attenuates Inflammatory Signaling After Exercise-Induced Muscle Damage Justin D. Crane, Daniel I. Ogborn, Colleen Cupido, Simon Melov, Alan Hubbard, Jacqueline M. Bourgeois and Mark A. Tarnopolsky, http://stm.sciencemag.org/content/4/119/119ra13 An another article about the paper: http://blogs.discovermagazine.com/80beats/2012/02/03/massage...