It seemed very familiar, at least the motions the author has gone through. On my first retreat, after one day, I was absolutely sure that I wanted to leave. Sitting was painful, there was a lot of sleepiness, and I was longing for daily joys such as listening to music. And the mind is very well able to snowball unpleasanties :). After that first day, when I had the first talk with the meditation teacher, he made a joke about my mocking, subtle enough to make me smile. The discontent quickly melted away, and it suddenly became clear to me that I was suffering because I was craving for pleasantness. The following week had moments with intense joy, moments with intense pain. But it became easier to see them without clinging, giving a lot of peace. It's something definitely worth doing. Though it doesn't hurt starting with tiny steps, rather than cold-turkey ;). Indeed. But daily practice is something to treasure :). "Memory is predictable, and with Valgrind not a danger." I find that statement a tad too optimistic. If you use Valgrind continually (and people really should), you do catch memory misuse in normal situations. It does not say much about how well programs function with 'abnormal' inputs (accidents, exploits). Given that bugs do happen, even to the best of programmers, would you rather have a buffer overflow or an exception? It depends on the application and context, but it is harder to answer (and get it right) than the author pretends. Of course, except that many runtimes/libraries handle tripping over array boundaries gracefully, rather than overwriting memory. And some languages avoid null/wild pointers completely. Your programs will still be suspectible to buffer overflows, invalid dereferencing, etc. While, say, Haskell programmers do not have the same problems. Valgrind is no substitute to runtime checks and a proper type system. I'd say: just try it. After reading haskell-cafe for a day, I felt utterly incapable of ever learning Haskell. I started picking up the language using Real World Haskell (quite an acceptable book). I can read most programs now and crafted some short programs. I still find predicting memory/time use under a lazy-evaluation regime difficult. But it is certainly a nice experience ;) It is unlikely that the Berkeley people would've pushed for a completely free (software) kernel without the Stallman influence: "I think it's highly unlikely that we ever would have gone as strongly as we did without the GNU influence," says Bostic, looking back. "It was clearly something where they were pushing hard and we liked the idea." Source: http://oreilly.com/openbook/freedom/ch09.html Or maybe what seems normal to us know, did not seem so normal in the days? I am to young to have witnessed the UNIX industry in the '80ies. I can understand your conclusion and sentiment. It is also a trap one can easily fall into during meditation, and can lead to both the extremes of anti-materialism and pure hedonism, as can be seen also in Buddhist (and other) cultures. This is exactly why the Buddha and later teachers emphasize on taking the middle road. In the end, meditation is observing things as they are, and theoretically you could do this while being an anti-materialist or a hedonist. However, people usually become anti-materialists because they want to block out a large collection of 'distractions', such as pleasanties. They would always be practicing half: such distractions are also part of reality. Hedonists on the other hand, easily become attached to their wealth, making progress in meditation hard as well. So teachers always advise to take a balanced approach to meditation: do not become an ascete, do not indulge too much in wealth, do not be lazy, also avoid zealotry. The mind, and world as it is in the moment provides all the necessary circumstances to learn to understand the mind. Then there is a practical dimension as well: a starving person is probably not able to meditate, a very wealthy person is probably not very willing to meditate. My personal interpretation of Buddhist ethics is, that it is aimed to create the circumstances for as many people as possible to reach enlightenment, and is not an absolute ethic system. And there are also enough 'prominent examples' for impure imperative languages. For instance, OpenMP makes parallelizing some loops in C/C++ a walk in the park, and I have parallelized some of my programs by adding only a few pragmas. The 'FP makes concurrency easier' is a often-used selling point, but I think the jury is still out. First of all, many functional languages are impure, and do not have this advantage in the same manner that e.g. Haskell has. Second, purity can be an expensive trade-off due to the copying involved. For lots of things (e.g. fast linear algebra) you'll still want to work in an impure world. I think a better selling point of some functional languages is clarity. For instance, some class of problems can be solved very elegantly in Haskell and ML using algebraic data types, pattern matching, etc. But then again, some other classes of problems can be solved elegantly in Prolog. Well, what's it worth if you are doing (real-world) number crunching, and your program turns out to be one or two orders of magnitude slower? For instance, after implementing some machine learning software in Scala, I ended up rewriting it in C++, because it was so slow (IIRC the Scala version was 50x slower). The only way you can get down to 'a couple of times' slower is by writing Scala as Java with a slightly different syntax. And since the program does many repeated matrix calculations in a loop, parallelizing the C++ version was done in half an hour (mostly testing where lock contention kills the advantage of parallelization). Yes, I do realize that there are more applications of multicore processing than number crunching ;). Did you read this quote near the end? "Shared-memory multiprocessors have never really 'taken off', at least in the general public." The assumptions that held in 2002 seem to be gone these days. There are many 8-16 CPU users these days, especially in OCaml's main public (academia). Rebirth (at least from daily perception, I ultimately believe that consciousness does not cease with death, but 'attaches' to new organisms with perception), and enlightenment (the cessation of clinging to phenomena). Very hard, if not impossible, to prove scientifically, although there has been interesting research into this very topic ( http://tinyurl.com/36avxgq ). But, I have no idea how memories from 'previous lives' would fit into this. Mostly, yes. This particular program evaluates effectiveness of features given an existing log-linear model. So, you can evaluate the effectiveness of features in parallel. For each feature, you can also partition the training data, process the the data in parallel, and apply a reduction step[1]. But 'map' in MapReduce is also a typical data-parallel task. [1] In practice, there is a trade-off: the vectors are usually so large for the average training set, that you do not really want to copy them for memory-efficiency, so the mapping and reduction are interleaved, requiring some locking. Excellent! Though, I have to add that if you like C++ with STL, D2 with the latest Phobos standard library is the way to go. Hopefully, we will see a stable LDC for D2 in the future. Spot on, and a far better critique than Zed Shaws rant, that boils down to 'I dislike the syntax' mostly. Many things are done nicely in C++, and C++ provides far better abstractions than C. However, since new language construct have been stacked on C++ for almost 30 years, the language became huge, as well as the possible interactions between language constructs. The result is that you will rarely find programmers that understand C++ fully. I have seen a lot of awful code that uses C++ as C with classes, badly. Usually, classes and functions have been written with so little understanding of encapsulation that refactoring is painful. And for properly written C++ programs and libraries, it's usually hard to find people to maintain/modify it. On the other hand, it is also hard to find good ML/Haskell/whatever programmers. And lots of people get away with writing ugly Python or Ruby code. There are some very good template-based libraries. I think STL is mostly ok, but also libraries like Eigen are great, and avoid a lot of code duplication through templates. http://eigen.tuxfamily.org/index.php?title=Main_Page I am not sure, a lot of convenience of modern web frameworks is made possible using introspection and other runtime facilities, which are too minimal in C++. It depends on the task. For e.g. client-side applications, Ruby makes deployment painful, since everyone has their own versions of Ruby with different sets and versions of gems. Added to that, a lot of people are not allowed to install the necessary dependencies on work machines. And then, Windows has no such thing at all. With C++ and Qt on the other hand, it's very easy to write self-contained applications, also with a minimum amount of platform-dependent code. In the standard C++ world, yes. However, if you use a rich class library, such as Qt, there is not all that much difference in difficulty compared to e.g. Java (even down to Java-style iterators). I disagree, especially const-correct methods help avoiding mutation. The primary mistake IMO is that const can be cast away. Invariant should be invariant (like D). Definitely, and keep W. Richard Steven's 'Advanced Programming in the UNIX Environment' close by. Exactly. Some data in my field (NLP) is available, however usually at high fees. Coming back to the topic of source code. I think there are three additional reasons source code is often not published: 1. Some scientists (I am trying to avoid making overgeneralizations) are bad programmers. Sometimes just enough hacks are stacked to produce results, but the result is not something to be particularly proud of. 2. Rinse and repeat. It's often possible to get more out of a discovery by applying it to multiple datasets. If the source is published, others could be eating your lunch. 3. There is a contract that avoids publishing source code. My PhD project is financed by the Dutch national science foundation. Fortunately, since software developed in my project adds to existing work under the LGPL (creating derivative works), my work is under the LGPL too. Copyleft can help you if (3) applies. I try to follow the same strategy as the author: make software public on Github once a paper is accepted. It's well deserved. Github made project hosting a pleasant experience. For opensource projects we had Sourceforge and Berlios before, but their approval processes were tedious and seemed random at times. With Github you are set up within a few seconds to share code. Git made forking/cloning easy, Github made forking trivial. Their Jekyll-based Github pages is also great. And there are unknown words (words that are not covered by the lexicon). But the top-poster is right: the linked website does part of speech tagging, not parsing. Providing a wide-coverage parser for the web is still hard. The number of possible parses for long sentences is enormous. Even if a sentence is not ambiguous to us, grammars allow all kinds of ambiguities. There is a web demo for a Dutch system that is developed in our research group[1], but heap size and time limits are used, to exit gracefully if parsing takes too much time/memory (and sentences with more than 20 words are ignored, since you'll really want to do offline parsing). [1] http://www.let.rug.nl/~vannoord/bin/alpino Sure, it is possible, but what does it add? It's not as if a Hidden Markov Model tagger takes that many server resources. Or if you are really worried, you could build a unweighted finite state transducer (Roche, Schabes, 1995) ;). Using my own tagger[1], trained using the Brown corpus: go/VB fuck/VB yourself/PPL It's very much in the amount and kind of training data and features used (assuming that the methodology is sound). [1] http://github.com/langkit/citar True, but you still have to build up a forest from which every parse can be extracted (as Alpino does). Of course, it does reduce the cost of ambiguity. E.g., I implemented packing in the Alpino chart generator, and there are very many edges with the same 'semantics' that can be packed, especially since Alpino allows for a lot of optional punctuation, and there are often roots plus subcategorization frames that give multiple inflections. With a beam search, unpacking is a lot more efficient. There are also many other possible optimizations. E.g. with a left-corner parsers you can exclude left-corner spines that will probably not lead to a probable parse (Van Noord, Learning Efficient Parsing, 2009, and other work). And, of course, reduction of lexical ambiguity by restricting frames using a part of speech tagger. Still, even in this best-1, optimized scenario, real-time parsing of long sentences is still hard. So, when parsing large corpora we usually apply time and space limits (which is easy to do in Sicstus Prolog, with good recovery). Thanks for the link to the paper! Debian/Solaris is where things should be heading IMO. It gives the package management and up-to-date userland of Debian, while bringing most of Solaris' assets. And it seems that Nexenta developers would like to make Debian/Solaris a reality: http://lists.debian.org/debian-derivatives/2010/06/msg00022.... Very promising! He's really a nutcase, and a significant portion of a population seem to be willing to vote for a nutcase. I think this applies to any country. It wouldn't be hard to give a recent US example (at least, from the perspective of a non-US citizen). This group is attracted by populist parties. And research has shown that many Wilders voters favored Rita Verdonk (populist right-wing) and voted SP (fairly extreme left-wing) before. The interesting question is how large this group is. 1/6 of the voters (Wilders has 24 out of 150 seats)? 1/4? 1/3? Maybe (I prefer GNU userland). But it does provide far nicer (or if you will, very different) package management from stock FreeBSD. Indeed. And an additional advantage to the FreeBSD may be that it can raise the profile/popularity of FreeBSD. The same would apply to an official port to the OpenSolaris kernel. Yes, there is debian-installer support now. http://d-i.debian.org/daily-images/kfreebsd-amd64/ http://d-i.debian.org/daily-images/kfreebsd-i386/ I live in one of countries with the highest taxing (The Netherlands). And we are doing fine, really. I know of no one who lost their jobs. Yes, unemployment rate went up a bit, but not that much compared to other countries. In daily live, crisis was barely noticeable. We had a welfare system since the second world war, and it works well for us. I went to the USA many times, the first I was really surprised to see a lot of poor people. Then I realized how good it is to be a Western-European citizen. But the Dutch, French, Scandinavian, and others aren't, and the those systems is very comparable to that of Germany. Many of the ideas originate from far before WWII, and had a strong presence (and development) in Europe since events such as the French revolution. It's America-centrism to think that all welfare and modernism is brought to the world by the USA. One typical anecdote a former exchange student told me, that some high school kids in the USA believed (this was at the end of the nineties) that European countries do not have their own radio channels ;). Go educate yourself, the average Western-European citizen has more luxury, more free time, and better health-care than the average citizen of the United States (I know, I have visited the US often). The primary advantage of the US is that it is far easier to set up a company, and make it really big. If you make it, you will be rich and wealthy. If you fail, you will hit rock bottom. It is a consequence of the system, wages, taxing, etc. For example, HDI (Human Development Index, used by the UN) measures three welfare factors (life expectancy, level of education, standard of living). Nine Western European countries rank higher than the US, six Western European countries are ranked lower (including the far more US-oriented UK). Some Southern European countries (Spain, Italy) are almost at US-level. Source: http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/List_of_countries_by_Human_Deve... "Would you rather be happier or have less freedoms?" http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Worldwide_Press_Freedom_Index http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Democracy_Index#2008_rankings The US does better in economic freedom indices, not surprisingly, since there is much more market regulation in the EU: http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Index_of_Economic_Freedom_histo... What do you prefer, freedom of speech and democracy, or economic freedom? And speaking of logics, Prolog, and language. This is certainly a classic (SICP for Prolog?): Prolog and Natural-Language Analysis, Fernando C. N. Pereira and Stuart M. Shieber http://www.mtome.com/Publications/PNLA/pnla.html http://www.mtome.com/Publications/PNLA/prolog-digital.pdf That would not really solve the problem. The Sun/Oracle patent grant only extends to JDKs that conform to the specification, and pass all tests in the test suite. That is, if you can license the test suite (see Apache Harmony). http://en.swpat.org/wiki/Java_and_patents#The_Java_Language_... It is implicit. IANAL, but it is supposedly very weak (see e.g. Novell-Microsoft deal). E.g. the European Commission, after analysis, thinks it does not protect forks. For a good explanation, see: http://tech.slashdot.org/comments.pl?sid=1760290&cid=333... FSF has been urging people to use GPLv3 because it has an explicit patent grant (amongst other reasons). Right, and we know how well this worked... - Wasabi Systems (which contributed back less and less, except for journaling support just before it went down). - BSDi (contributed almost zero, until they merged with FreeBSD Mall). - Apple, contributes non of their differentiating technology back to the BSDs. - Practically any closed-source system used the BSD TCP/IP stack at some point, few contributed back. I loved the BSD license. I still love the Apache 2 License (which is very BSD-like). I was a developer in the NetBSD project. But as much as I dislike(d) the GPL, the license is very well able to make users contribute back. The Linux kernel has a very healthy pool of enterprise contributors. *BSD development is very much driven by free-time contributors and very small consultant firms. And it shows. It is great that such such a small pool of contributors can build great systems. But Linux has outdone BSD in many areas. I know, it sucks, but it is true. Few people want to give competitors a carte blanche to start with your work, and keep improvements to themselves. "a) Apple's kernel is open source: having used GPL would not have made any difference here" Except for a necessary parts to make it useful. From someone close to the source (the last paragraph pretty much wraps it up): http://www.synack.net/~bbraun/writing/oshistory.html "b) The other BSDs have openly stated that Apple contributed back and thanked them for it." Yes, see the huge amount of code that Apple contributed to the NetBSD kernel: http://nxr.netbsd.org/source/search?q=apple&project=/src... "Finally and I think the most important thing, is to ask: had those technologies been GPLed, [...], or simply have refused to use that code?" Yes, who would use (L)GPL code in their systems? $ gcc -v gcc version 4.2.1 (Apple Inc. build 5664) $ make -v GNU Make 3.81 Copyright (C) 2006 Free Software Foundation, Inc. [...] This program built for i386-apple-darwin10.0 $ troff -v GNU troff (groff) version 1.19.2 It's true that LLVM and Webkit (based on KHTML, which was LGPL) are exceptions. However, it remains to be seen what they contribute back to LLVM in the future. Probably just those bits that will give them the tools edge. I try to keep the basic premise of Zen close to heart: 'live in the moment'. Not only in the narrow sense of being present in the moment, but also in a wider sense. It's easy to live with sentiments such as: if I work just a bit more, I can have a nice house in fifteen years. Once I can buy a Mac Pro, I will really be productive. The cold fact is that life can end quickly. The present moment is the only thing we have, so treasure it ;). Of course, that's not always easy... You prove my point: both companies, Apple with Darwin/OS X, and Google with Android are not really trying to develop a healthy ecosystem around these systems. But at the very least Google needs to provide the source to GPL'ed software (kernel modifications, etc.). If you have to publish changes anyway, at some point it becomes more attractive to work with upstream, since you cannot differentiate your product via that software. We still have to see if this happens, but there is a long of history of companies that did not contribute much initially, but are now working with kernel.org much more reliably. (E.g. many big-iron vendors.) Nice work! Let me make a tiny plug for a short Sunday project as well... Brainf*ck in Prolog: http://github.com/danieldk/brainfuck-pl/ One nice thing is that unit testing is really simple: http://github.com/danieldk/brainfuck-pl/blob/master/unittest... And for some very trivial outputs, it can generate the program to create that output. ?- brainfuck:interpret([A,B],[],[0],[0],[1,0]). A = Ps. Yes, it's easy to improve generation... It doesn't fail on all occasions. Our research group wrote a robust natural language parsing system written in Prolog (with some C extensions). The (aptly named) unification grammar, lexicon, and most of the productive lexicon are written in a declarative manner. This really paid off when in a new research project, which goal is to write a sentence realizer for the same system. With nearly no modifications we could reuse the grammar, lexicon, and productive lexicon. Both the parser and the sentence realizer use the same grammar and lexicon now. I understand that this may seem somewhat trivial, as it may seem that the lexicon and grammar are plain data. However this is not true: - The grammar is written as a declarative manner, where goals are mostly operators that manipulate attribute-value structures. These rules are later compiled to plain Prolog terms via term expansion (DCG-like) for efficiency. - You don't want to perform some unifications immediately, even when two terms are unified. Most Prolog implementations offer blocked goals, where a goal is blocked until a variable becomes instantiated. However, I am the first to admit that Prolog makes some classes of problems trivial (unification grammars, parsers). There are also many things that you do not want to do in Prolog, because it is a waste of time, or very inefficient. For instance, in our system the following components are implemented in C or C++: * Finite state automata for quick lookup of subcategorization frames. * Part-of-speech tagger for restricting the number of frames for each word before parsing. * N-gram models that are used as a feature in fluency estimation. * Tokenization transducer. * Bit arrays (comparable to Bloom filters) for excluding useless paths in parsing. Conclusion: use the right tool for the job. Unification, structure sharing, and (some) pattern matching are cheap and easy to use in (WAM) Prolog. Most other things are prohibitively expensive and clumsy in Prolog. Or the "Reasoned Schemer". Unfortunately, most such implementations are slow compared to Prolog AMs. Huh? I am using Ping without any problems from the Netherlands, with a Dutch iTunes account. Exactly :). One nice Slashdot comment: "That's gonna be awesome for internet help-desk workers. How about creating a Flickr clone and calling it ifconfig?" (Steauengeglase) "Basically, this article is about optimizing the developer experience rather than the user experience." Did you ever use Bugzilla? Nothing is more detrimental to the user experience... Users would rather send support e-mails or use phone support. For the lack of that in open source project, keep bug trackers simple. E.g. Github's bugtracker is quite ok, it is fine for writing a bugreport and reacting to it. But doesn't have all the bells and whistles that makes it complicated for users. Still, it misses basic things like split windows. (A now ex-TextMate user, back to (Mac)Vim.) There are some great beginner's books out there that barely cover functional constructs (e.g. PragProg's 'Learn to Program'). But I have always felt that such an omission is really a bad mistake. map/fold/filter introduce two very important ideas: - Higher-order functions - Many tasks are just list transformations What makes things more painful is that Java is so omnipresent in CS education. Since Java only contains such concepts implicitly (and require a lot of verbosity), I haven't encountered many (if any) Java books that go into functional concepts. It's like learning UNIX without covering pipes. Sure, you can work with UNIX, inadvertently emulate it using redirections from and to files. But it will never be as effective. Sure, that's why Graham Hutton can do it in one chapter. Most books discuss lists and functions anyway, and from there is not such a big step to give an introduction to lambdas/closures, maps, folds, and filters. It's not as if we are discussing monads (which are also easy to understand, given a good teacher). Transmission follows this approach somewhat, it has Cocoa, Qt, Gtk+, Web, and console frontends. All frontends use a shared 'backend' in the form of libtransmission (in C). http://www.transmissionbt.com/ Well, if Java means Swing, you are extrapolating from a very bad example. For instance, the Qt library looks pretty native on most platforms, and with some platform-specific code (e.g. proper support for application menus for OS X) Qt programs can also feel native. I wrote some small Qt GUI applications (mostly frontends to scientific tools), and most people don't notice it's not native. Also, this depends a bit on your market. Some markets are more sensitive to nativeness than others, for instance, by operating system: OS X > Windows > Linux/UNIX In OS X people are quite used to polished native applications that conform to Apple's HIG, they will also expect it. Windows is somewhere in the middle, there are some widely used applications that do not look native. Linux/UNIX users seem to be completely oblivious to nativeness, since they are used to having a mix of Qt/Gtk+/Tk/Lesstif/whatever applications. Some, they are usually more obscure, e.g.: - D - Haskell - OCaml - Various Scheme/Common Lisp compilers Some of them have Qt bindings (e.g. QtD and QtHaskell). Though it may be harder to hire programmers for any of these languages. Actually, I think I/O is really clear in Haskell. Haskell is a pure functional language, and in that world side-effects are not possible (since a function should always return the same value, given the same input). For this reason functional languages like Haskell introduce monads, which allow you to model imperative languages (with state and order). I/O is performed in one such monad (the IO monad), and programming in the IO monad just looks like imperative programming. The tricky part is that you cannot get pure values out of the IO monad (since it is impure), which may entice programmers to let the IO monad 'leak' intro programs to much, rather than lifting pure functions into the monad. Yes, monads can be hard to get in the beginning, but they never felt like tricking the compiler to me. If your goal is improving your UNIX knowledge: it may help, or it may not. Back in the days when LFS was new, I saw lots of people trying it, but who didn't learn much along the way since they would just literally paste the commands from the LFS book. If you use it like that, it is just a way to waste your time, and leave you with an unmanageable Linux system. What may be more interesting is to try one of the minimalistic BSDs (NetBSD or OpenBSD). You will likely learn far more, e.g. that many GNU-isms that you may have gotten accustomed to are not UNIX-isms. You'll be able to build your own customized NetBSD systems using the excellent build infrastructure. You can play with some of the nice packet filters (ipf/pf). Or spend time fixing pkgsrc ports that fail ;). Most people will see it as C++ with a somewhat nicer syntax. That does not provide a lot of incentive to switch to D. You need more than marginal benefits to cause a huge shift. Additionally, it doesn't help that D is torn. There used to be the Phobos/Tango split, now there is yet another split: D1/D2. The second is definitely a more serious competitor to C++, but there is no up-to-date fully open source compiler available. Digital Mars's D2 compiler has a proprietary backend, gdc (a GCC frontend) is outdated, and ldc (LLVM frontend) does not have usable D2 support. Oh, and if you want a 64-bit D2 compiler, even proprietary, you are out in the woods (yes, work has started). Even the average Scheme compiler is in a more usable state ;). Also note that there are two nice follow-ups: http://docs.yesodweb.com/blog/enumerators-tutorial-part-2/ http://docs.yesodweb.com/blog/enumerators-tutorial-part-3/ And this is exactly one of the main problems of 'free software' as an ideology. It is black & white, as if people who advocate some proprietary software are unethical. Many people in society will agree that programmers should be compensated for their work, and for many types of programs it is nearly impossible to get compensation via support. So, even if you do like free software, it is entirely reasonable to buy proprietary software. Then there is the issue of practicality. I would love to do all my workflows using free software, but for some workflows it is just not possible. E.g. I tried using Digikam, The Gimp, and Scribus a lot. But for me, they just don't match up against Lightroom/Aperture, Photoshop, or InDesign. Am I acting unethical for using tools to get my work done? Nowadays, I use the Apache License when possible, because I have got pretty sick of all the preaching, and claims for moral higher ground. I agree. But I guess it depends on the succes of the OS X app store. If becomes popular quickly, it does not make sense to use a non-exclusive technology, while it could attract a lot of developers otherwise. Though, I think it will require inclusion of MacRuby, or an exception in the OS X App store terms. It's not that likely that they will accept a bundle-wrapped MacRuby given that they also do not accept programs that use deprecated technologies (Java, Rosetta). We are not just talking linking here. Including a Ruby interpreter, and a part of the Ruby library, or a Java virtual machine and class library if you will. I don't think Apple will go for that. Why use Google if one can be lazy and use MacPorts ;)? How about 'donating to non-profits and honest' Gandi.net? They have been my registrar for many years, and I rent a Xen VPS from them. I have always been happy with their service and openness. IMO it would depend on what you do. If well-rounded libraries and a good IDE would make you far more productive than a free or less expensive product, then it is probably worth the admission price. We use a proprietary Prolog interpreter (SICStus), but it comes with very good support and it has some advantages over open source interpreters that matter to us. Plus they provide continuing support/maintenance for their previous major version. Maybe he has no problem with the company that built the application, but the company submitted the application to the App Store knowing that the App Store's conditions would violate the GPL. You cannot force GPL down Apple's throat. It is their application store. If their terms are not compatible with your license, change your license or live with it. By picking the GPL you are excluding some distribution venues. In the meanwhile, the VideoLAN project is still endorsing the iOS application on their website. So, they are sending copyright infringement notices, while at the same time encouraging people to buy it? http://www.videolan.org/vlc/download-ios.html VLC endorses the iOS application in the App Store (at the time of linking): http://www.videolan.org/vlc/download-ios.html I know that in an open source project there are individual opinions. But you would think that if something is listed on the website, it is trustable information, provided by the project. If not, what is the project's official source of information? Well, hopefully not as insane as Slashdot, where I end up showing all comments, since filtering completely messes up flow of messages (content-wise). As a computational linguist, I could not really extract any useful information. Sure, it lists the availability of NLP libraries for some languages, something a cursory Google search would turn up. What I would be interested in: - How mature are the libraries? - Are the libraries general enough? Often, a particular component is developed with one task in mind, and requires a lot of hoop jumping to use for other tasks (e.g. in classification). - How does performance compare for actual tasks? Python may be a slow language, but selective use of C or Fortran (e.g. NumPy) make it fast enough for most work. These two books are really recommended: - Speech and Language Processing, Jurafsky and Martin - Foundations of Statistical Natural Language Processing, Chris Manning and Hinrich Schütze Together they provide a very good overview of the field, from tokenization to robust parsing. I cannot really recommend one library. The last two years, I have been working on a parsing/generation system that was developed in our research group (Alpino). We use very little external software (only for maximum entropy model parameter estimation and building finite state automata). We use Prolog, because it is ideal for writing unification grammars and C/C++ for components that Prolog is not well-fit for (part of speech tagger for lexical restriction, finite state automata, term compression, language models, etc.). This system is amongst others used for extracting syntactic structure for question answering (based on e.g. Wikipedia data and newspaper texts). To give one example: for compatibility, it would be tremendously useful if they released specifications for AirPlay. Eg. Rogue Amoeba had to reverse engineer it for their AirFoil product. If you are Richard Jones, thank you for showing the world that functional programming can also be used for systems programming! :) This can only end if peer-reviewed journals require source code (and if possible datasets) to be made available as well. High-impact journals have the weight to enforce such policies. It's true that third parties can apply methods easily to new data. But it is a testimony to the method, and references will help building the reputation of the original inventor. Another concern only addressed in the comments on this blog post is that most scientists do not produce beautiful programs. The reasons are twofold: - Programs are hacked together as quickly as possible to produce results. Scientists are mostly concerned with testing their theories, and not so much in producing software for public consumption. - Most scientists are not great programmers. Consequently, scientists usually do not want to make their source code available. This situation sucks, given that in many countries taxpayers fund science. I bought this book years ago, and the title is misleading. It is not so much a programming, as ESR's personal interpretation of UNIX culture and values. If you like ESR, you will probably love it. If not, it will read like unstructured drivel. Maybe, I am too negative. But if you are a non-UNIX programmer, and have to work on a UNIX project, there are far better books available. (E.g. Advanced Programming in the UNIX Environment, by W. Richard Stevens and Stephen Rago) I think Java just doesn't fit with the character of HNers. It is a stale, boring, simple language. As such it is mostly interesting to 9/5 programmers, not for creative people who build the companies of the future. The latter group wants 'creative' languages that do not tell you how to do things, such as LISP, Haskell, and Ruby. Maybe it's an overgeneralization, but I still think it is generally true. We just started out one and a half week ago, joining the Pragmatic Programmer's writing month. We though a 'release early, release often' approach would be best, that's why there are just a few in-progress chapters. We will keep you posted, and thanks for the encouragement! We love it! Or maybe it's a cover-up to bring fun languages to the working programmer. Should be fixed in 10 minutes. Thanks! Without knowing all details, this is probably something you could no with a regular language (such as regular expressions). Since this book is for the 'working programmer' (rather than the 'working scientist'), it seems reasonable to assume that the book will provide techniques that can be used in domain-specific problems. More importantly, though, this has absolutely nothing to do with the 8 hour workday. Unless virtually everyone wants to clock-in at 9 and check-out at 5, makes the commute much less fun ;). To someone living in the Netherlands, feminism seems to be turned on its head here. After much pressure to increase participation, lots of women simply argue for their right to raise kids. So, they usually prefer working part-time and using other time as 'social time'. Now, if only us men demanded the same ;). The 52% rate only applies to the highest bracker of income (above € 54.776). Taxes on other brackets are far lower. The relative high tax rates also buy you good insurance, a government-sanctioned pension, coverage of some costs of studying, etc. Or in other words, taxes are relatively high because it is a welfare state. I don't know, maybe one of the Dutch residents can add on or correct me, but the social relationships in the Netherlands seemed strained. Sorry, but I have to say you are off the mark. I usually find that the Dutch society is generally very open, and nearly any topic is fair game (watch Dutch TV for fun). This goes hand in hand with strong individualism, which means that the Dutch generally do not have tight bonds. To outsiders this may seem cold and maybe snobbish/arrogant. No Github integration, and does not seem to provide much over GitX. At the very least, GitX does have an inline diff viewer when you browse revisions. In Gitbox you have to click a modified file, and then it will launch FileMerge. Too uncomfortable. I would say Haskell is protestantism, since its world is immutable. Outcome depends on some initial state only known to the omniscient and omnipotent* programmer. * Ok, maybe not ;). I think the point of Zen is that Python and Ruby are also truth ;). When he came to the sentence, "One should use one's mind in such a way that it will be free from any attachment, " I at once became thoroughly enlightened, and realized that all things in the universe are the Essence of Mind itself. ~ The Platform Sutra I guess that I used the Dutch categorization ;). I have never read a programming book from start to end, since most of them are either dry or not though-provoking. Three PL books that I liked very much are: - Prolog and Natural-Language Analysis. An enjoyable introduction to Prolog and Natural Language analysis: http://www.mtome.com/Publications/PNLA/pnla.html http://www.mtome.com/Publications/PNLA/prolog-digital.pdf - The Reasoned Schemer. I didn't read the other Schemer books, but liked this one very much. Simple and to the point. - Purely Functional Data Structures, for showing how simple and elegant functional data structures can be. Using Android would put them in direct competition with (very) low-margin Chinese manufacturers. This is what Apple got right: if you have your own operating system and ecosystem nailed down correctly, people do not mind paying larger margins, and you are in a different game. I guess this is what Nokia is aiming for with Meego. But, despite the excellent work of the Qt trolls, it doesn't really seem to get off the ground... It's absurdity. No, it's not. There are always counterexamples, but in your argument you completely ignore margins in the PC and laptop market. The vast majority of laptop and PCs are sold at low margins. Since most manufacturers cannot compete one software, they compete on price. One of the few vendors that makes large margins has its own operating system. Of course, Macs are nice hardware-wise, but most people will switch 'because it is not Windows'. This doesn't mean that every company differentiating on software-succeeds. ignore that the top selling devices are high-end devices like the Droid X, Galaxy S, Desire Z, etc The smartphone market is relatively small and new, as is Android. The race to the bottom has just started. Through most of Apple's history, their niche was remarkably unprofitable. Yes. And it is common knowledge that Apple was notably mismanaged company during the nineties. Explain Apple's popularity, taking OS X and iOS completely out of the equation. Now think why Jobs refuses to set up licensing contracts with other vendors. Those iMacs and iPhones don't look so interesting anymore if you can get a HP computer/phone with OS X/iOS two third of the price, one and a half times the performance. I am pretty sure the majority of the Mac users that I know would've bought HP. Yes, true. 'Race to the bottom' may be a bit too negative. I guess one downside is that it is tough for new players in the market, since selling in large quantities is required. On the other, thanks to competition, Acer Laptops are now available at a little over 300 Euros. The free market made computers accessible to nearly everyone in the Western world (and hopefully everywhere in the future). 16/19, missed Javascript, COBOL, and Groovy. - The article does not add anything new. Using Wikipedia for word sense disambiguation has been a hot topic for some years. [1] - The article title implies that this is somehow a spectacular finding. Doing word sense disambiguation for one word is not that interesting, and there is no comparison with existing methods to show that this is actually a high score. I suspect that it is not that spectacular, since 'Apple' is relatively easy to disambiguate using a few context words. [1] E.g. see: - Using Wikipedia for Automatic Word Sense Disambiguation, R. Mihalcea, 2007, for a discussion of using Wikipedia to train a word sense disambiguator. - Integrating multiple knowledge sources to disambiguate word sense: An exemplar-based approach, H.T. Ng and H.B. Lee, 1996, provide a good overview of types of features that can be used in disambiguation. They use features that go beyond simple 'bag of word' and 'bag of n-gram' features, e.g. by using syntactical patterns. There is a whole lot more research of course, but just to show two examples that describe far more sophisticated approaches. Maybe apart from stemming), it's not hard to implement this in ~100 lines without NLTK.: - In naive Bayes classification, model parameters can usually be estimated using relative frequencies in the training data. - WordPunctTokenizer is a very simple tokenizer that makes anything matching \w+ and [^\w\s]+ a separate token. - Extracting Bigrams from a list of tokens is trivial. Of course, using NLTK will be very helpful in many situations, but this is hardly a testament to NLTK. That's why there are standards, and the Google Bookstore supports two standards (ePub and PDF). You know, there are also people out there with Sony, BeBook, and iRiver readers. Yes, but UI is a typical use case where OOP works well. Everything can neatly be distinguished in classes: buttons, combo boxes, etc. But look at numerical software implemented as OOP. Quite often it is absolutely horrible. I wrote such dreadful and unmaintainable code as well, because it was taught in school that OOP everywhere is the way to go. OOP and inheritance is often mistaken as the path to genericity. Parametric polymorphism with constraints (e.g. typeclasses) is far more useful to that end. OOP is great in some domains, but the 'OOP everywhere' philosophy needs to go. We have already tainted enough generations of students with such beliefs. A monad puts you into a box and only gives you a few interaction points with the outside world. You can do whatever you want in a monad, but you are never allowed to leave the box. This is not true for many commonly used monads, except for the IO monad. You can extract values from the list monad, Maybe monad, state monad, etc. Put simply, a monad specifies how values can be wrapped in a 'box', and how such boxes are combined. For instance, Maybe is a box that can contains either a variable or nothing. In Haskell: data Maybe a = Nothing | Just a The Maybe monad specifies how expressions resulting in a Maybe are combined. Expressions are evaluated until/unless one of the expressions returns 'Nothing', and the value of the monad becomes Nothing. Comparably, the IO monad specifies how IO actions are combined, the State monad combines expressions in such a manner to create 'state', etc. We have tried to illustrate Monads with a Haskell-ish example here: http://www.nlpwp.org/book/chap-words.xhtml#id3390030 Do the actual search, and look at the results: http://www.indeed.com/jobs?q=scheme&l= Not so convincing anymore, right? Obviously, 'scheme' is a generic word, giving many vacancies not related to the programming language Scheme. ISO standardization also makes things too static at times. For instance, the hash table omission accident gave us non-standard hash tables for years, until TR1 was finally settled. Boost is nice, but usually only ancient versions are available on clusters (where RHEL 4 or even 3 is still common). The more complete the standard language library, the better. Yes, that is what we do. We include a Boost subset. But that shouldn't be necessary. It's extra maintenance, duplication, and annoying. Then what about the people developing those software products? The article is very clear about this: "I claim that essentially nothing will change for the average programmer with the advent of multicore machines." He does not deny that people writing web and database servers do need to care about multicore CPUs. And I guess it is mostly true, so many daily tasks are I/O bound that the only concurrency most programmers will see are separate GUI/worker threads. Of the tasks where parallelism does help a lot, a substantial subset is embarrassingly parallel. E.g. we parse a lot of large corpora (Wikipedia-size and larger). Parallelization is simply obtained by chunking a corpus, and giving every CPU in the cluster a chunk. Then there are number crunching applications with data dependencies where just a few OpenMP pragmas can easily parallelize programs. Of course, there are remaining hard tasks which require more hand waving. Instruments? DTrace? On underpay: this varies highly by country. I am a PhD candidate in The Netherlands, and am employed by the university for four years (as most PhD candidates here). This gives around modal income, a 13th month of salary, holiday allowance, and about two months of holidays per year. This is a bit less than one would earn going into business immediately, but it buys you a lot of freedom. The education/research split is 0.2/0.8 FTE. There are specific goals with respect to the research project, but other than that there is plenty of time to pursue your interests. Our university tried to implement a scholarship/bursary system, which was not welcomed by potential Dutch PhD candidates. Foreign candidates do not seem to mind as much, since such scholarships are common in other countries. In my opinion, the scholarship system was a bad move, since pursuing a PhD becomes less attractive to the best of students, due to higher wages in the industry. In the end the scholarship system was shot down by the court (they see a PhD as a normal employment), and seems to have vanished for the time being. Conclusion: you get what you pay for. Higher PhD candidate wages equals less PhDs, but more high-quality PhDs. With lower wages or scholarships universities can have more PhD candidates, but you will probably lose out on talent who'd rather go to the industry, and the PhD population has a miserable life (low income, long working hours). I guess it's just not very well known that C has functions which can also be passed as values. Perhaps more interesting and newsworthy in this context are Apple's blocks, which are closures: http://thirdcog.eu/pwcblocks/ That's why it says 'Apple's blocks' and not 'C99 blocks' or 'C1X blocks'. Though, it is part of mainline clang, so it is not restricted to OS X in any way. As far as I am concerned the iPod has become completely superfluous. I am surprised that people still buy them - what for? My mother (honestly). She doesn't use computers (too difficult, no interest) or smartphones (yet another subscription). But with the iPod Touch she can listen to music, call her kids from the other side of the globe with Facetime and the front facing camera, and send e-mails. The last two generations of the iPod Touch brought her from 'never used a computer', well into the 21st century, where she can manage to do stuff online that matter to her. I bet that there are a lot of casual users, who just want an affordable device to play games, write e-mails, and listen to music, without spending $$$s extra on an iPhone, which also requires a relatively expensive subscription to provide value over the iPod Touch. Use this list from Wikipedia, and order by population density: http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/List_of_sovereign_states_and_de... The Netherlands is at the 28th spot, behind countries such as South Korea, Singapore, and Macao. Then compare the densities of e.g. Singapore (7,023 per km^2) and The Netherlands (401 per km^2). Stating the facts makes it all seem far less dramatic, doesn't it? It's great that manual compilation works for Matz. And his great work notwithstanding, it has little to do with the general user. As an occasional Ruby programmer, and frequent Ruby-based utility user, I do not want to compile and install Ruby or Ruby modules myself. If we go down that road, why don't we compile everything from Python to GStreamer ourselves (since they all have modules/plugins/...)? To the general user (as opposed to full-time Ruby programmer), Ruby and Ruby modules are just dependencies to the application they want to use, and installation should be automatic. One can only hope that the Ruby community understands this, and makes it easy for distributors to package their software. I mean, apt-get install will also compile from source, if you have the right repositories enabled. No, it doesn't . It will install binary packages that are signed. That means that if I install a package on my local desktop and a server in New York, it will exactly be the same. No matter if there are differences in the environment or configuration. Besides that I want every system file tracked by one package management system (for ease of administration), and easy security updates. Another important benefit of using binary Debian packages is that you get the testing that preceded progressing of the package into Debian testing for free. Constrast that with a gem that happened to be updated just 30 minutes ago, with no testing in the particular configuration where it is used. We have been burnt badly in the past by out-of-distro 'package management' before (little testing, incompatible versions, failing builds, etc.), that I stopped using non-distribution packages mostly. Unless you are referring to kernel module packages that use DKMS (I guess not) or 'apt-get source' which retrieves the source of a package in conjunction with '--compile'. But that's not a very common use of APT. You won't get the 30 minute old version unless you want to. Frankly, I do not want to care. I want the latest stable version with security fixes. With a busy work schedule, I do not have time to maintain a stable set of Ruby modules. It's a matter of economics: you could let every user find out a stable combination of modules, and everyone will end up doing a lot of duplicate work. Or the distributor could do it, saving 95% of the users who do not have specific needs many hours of work. And as a bonus, we all get the collaborative testing and bug reporting that was done in Debian Unstable and Debian Testing. This approach works well for many interpreters and compilers in Debian (as someone else pointed out, Python is well-integrated in Ubuntu and Debian). If that isn't your bag, I will push back and ask why you're programming on a star-nix platform? I pretty much disagree with your whole point. I mostly program C, C++, and Prolog on *nix, and I rarely have to compile anything except for my own software (obviously). Debian provides nearly all libraries I'd ever use as a package. If other people want to use my software, I can tell them to install dependencies such and such, or even provide a Debian package of my software. I don't want them to need to put the effort in reconstructing my build environment. I disagree. I was part of the three-person team that created Libranet 3 (a commercial Linux distribution) years ago. Every member of the company kept active contact with the community via the forums and mailing list. This created a sense of community, and gave good insights into what our customers expected. Of course, every now and then a troll or disgruntled customer would appear. They can be truly poisonous to you and the community. And the tricky part is distinguishing 'disgruntled, but insightful' people from 'sour, and unproductive' people. If necessary we sometimes had to apply force and ban the user. But if you make an good product, the group of happy and contributing community members is at least two orders of magnitude larger than poisonous people. Of course, it is very well possible that game forums attract a whole different class of people those of a commercial Linux distribution. Except that RAW processing and denoising in LightRoom 3 is so much better than in Aperture 3 for my Panasonic Lumix LX5 and Samsung GX-10. Do a cursory survey of the Aperture discussion boards, and you will see lots of people with RAW support that used to work fine, but broke after a Camera RAW update. Apple is also slow to add support for new cameras. Besides that, Aperture 3 is slow, even on recent machines with 4GB RAM. I own both, and miss the "Places" and "Faces" features from Aperture in LightRoom. But given Aperture's deficiencies, I use LightRoom 95% of the time. I'd pay nothing, and host it on GitHub. In fact I, and many others do. Maybe. But if the HIG is not that important anymore, I think that should also imply that Apple should allow for other UI toolkits in its stores, such as Qt. The average user would not be able to tell the difference between a well-adapting Qt application and a Cocoa application. We have a Qt application for searching treebanks, and when showing it to another Mac user, he replied "nice, you wrote it with Cocoa?". Twitter's (or the App Store's) deviation from the Mac look and feel, on the other hand is very noticeable. And I am not sure it is proven that we are talking about "extending nicely into a different style of UI". The Twitter UI is plainly confusing (where do you drag this window?) and having the backward/forward buttons next to the window controls is questionable at the very least. Somewhat related, and also interesting is the possibility to boot a Linux distribution over the net: http://boot.kernel.org/ Adding gpxe to a GRUB menu as an item may prove to be another great way to boot a rescue system. Note that I didn't try this yet (only booting installation media with b.k.org). True. However, that should be a motivation to make that service more secure. But it does not make the idea flawed. It's very convenient to be able to boot any distribution just like that, without preparing USB sticks or CDs. By the way, thank you for your work on grml! OSKit used to be the nicest way to roll your own UNIX: http://www.cs.utah.edu/flux/oskit/ Unfortunately, the project seems to be dead. Following the reasoning of the author, it can be argued that structured programming is syntactic sugar for machine language. It is besides the point, because OO certainly means something to a programmer. Do a 'paradigm-test'. Ask a programmer to implement a program in four paradigms: - Object-oriented - Structured - Functional - Logic programming and he is likely to come up with four different programs. Pass these programs on to another programmer, and ask her to categorize these programs by paradigm. She will probably use the same categorization. Programming paradigms are abstractions that may be somewhat overlapping, but have unique traits, and possibly world-view (everything is an object/operations on structured data/expression/predicate). PowerSet had many key NLP people and a LFG grammar/parser. Can you elaborate what QWiki has to offer, except a nicer user interface for Wikipedia? From personal experience: I didn't make much progress in Haskell until I stopped using Scala. The problem is that Scala allows you to mix and match different paradigms and if you come from a mostly-imperative/OO background, you tend to use Scala as an OO language with some functional constructs. To learn to program purely functional, it's best to jump into Haskell cold-turkey, since you will have to learn to think in FP. Learning Haskell, optimization in a lazy world was the most difficult task. Often, I still have problems predicting how efficient particular code will be. The complexity of monads is somewhat overstated, though it doesn't help that some tutorials make something big and esoteric out of it. It is nothing more than a type class, that specifies how to combine computations that result in some 'boxed value'. Maybe not, but it is certainly used as one. Everything from package managers (yum) to operating system installers (Anaconda) have been written in Python. Besides that, the grandparent is right: possibly every situation where Python was used as a systems programming language, Haskell could fit in (and more). That's just one definition. Read up on Ousterhout's dichotomy: http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Ousterhouts_dichotomy University of Groningen, The Netherlands Right, and this is why my Windows NT 4.0 CD contained x86, Alpha, MIPS and PPC versions. I had never tried anything but Intel, but it was certainly not just in-house. And another metric shows that Perl continues its years-long decline: http://www.tiobe.com/index.php/content/paperinfo/tpci/index.... This is one of the factors why we have replaced Perl in our curriculum with Python. The other being that Python is far more fit for education. That's a caricature of my comment (given the smiley this is probably intentional). The primary motivation was educational fitness, the second consistency within the education program, the third popularity. Of course, not popularity according to the TIOBE index, but to what typical employers require. Of course, in the market C# and Java are more popular, but popularity is just one factor. You must have misread my comment. Popularity (as in what typical future employers require) is one of the factors (besides fitness for education and program consistency), TIOBE is not. The TIOBE reference was to show that there are nearly always metrics that show your point. But I guess it is easy to stomp on people based on presumption. Let's just stick to arguments, rather than poisoning the well. I didn't encounter any problems using nVidia's CUDA toolkit on OS X. If you mean that it is not provided out of the box, true. Unfortunately, at least one installer (Microsoft Office 2008) requires PowerPC emulation. This can be worked around be installing the mpkg using the 'installer' command, but that is obviously not for the regular user. I did and do a fair share of C++ programming, but I disagree that it is fun to program in C++. Nearly everything is tedious in C++. Just to give one example: you can quickly prototype a class in Python or Ruby and rapidly revise it as your insight with respect to the problem improves. In C++ you have to decide for each member whether it should be an ordinary value, reference, pointer, or smart pointer, which methods to make virtual, behavior for the copy constructor and assignment operator, etc. Of course, this is a double-edged sword. Higher-level languages have made choices so that you do not have to tinker with such details. But that also prevents you to decide on such behavior when necessary. C++0x goes a long way in making many aspects of the language more enjoyable, such as type inference, lambda functions, range based loops and defaulted/deleted methods. But once a performant alternative shows up and becomes mainstream (strict Haskell? ;)), I will switch. There are counter-examples. Objective-C is a strict superset of C and a reasonably clean language. To Apple's credit, they are one of the few vendors of consumer-grade routers who made it trivial to set up IPv6 (Airport Extreme/Express), including tunneling. Maybe not for CentOS as a project, but it can be disadvantageous for CentOS as a community. If you are running CentOS, and run into some new bug, you cannot easily back out or cherry-pick patches. A more interesting question is how this affects Oracle. In Unbreakable Linux 5 they replaced Red Hat Enterprise Linux' 2.6.18 kernel by their own custom 2.6.32 build. Since Red Hat is pretty agressive at getting changes merged in mainline, Oracle can profit from their work anyway. IANAL, but the GPL version 2 is incredibly vague about this: The source code for a work means the preferred form of the work for making modifications to it. One could argue that having a patch set or git repository is the preferred form of the work for making modifications to it, especially considering how upstream provides their sources. But as is often the case with the GPL, it is nearly impossible to understand its implications. Built on open source... an important part of which they invested in (LLVM). One can as well easily install LLVM/clang via MacPorts, or wait until Lion (under the assumption that XCode will still be included on the download media). Getting the proprietary parts for five dollars is certainly not a bad deal. But one has to wonder... why? Is it to cover download costs? Visual Studio Professional (for students/educators): $0.00 I have no problem with the price of Visual Studio, if I'd use Windows. Just setting the record straight with respect to the grandparent post. The bottom line is that many vendors learnt that to make tools available at a low price point for at least some audiences to capture mindshare. At the time, the book seemed like a fresh breath of air, since it focused on solving real 'daily work'-style problems in Haskell. I used to recommend it to friends, but most of them were not so happy. The first few chapters are nice, but after that the examples really become contrived. Instead of giving simple standalone examples to explain a concept, the book starts using examples that tend to linger. People get bored or stuck and stop around chapter 6 to 8. I am hopeful that Learn You a Haskell will serve as a good introduction to Haskell, and will recommend it to anyone interested. RWH is still a fine book; once you understand Haskell, it's still great to go through the examples and exercises. But it is not a good starting point. Language purity for a project is never bad, it makes it easier to contribute to a project. However, this is barely a feature, given that C is weakly typed and common C functions do not use boundary checks . For an operating system that aims to be secure, one would expect a more progressive stance, and heavy (intellectual) investment in a language that makes safety easier. Yes, I know that OpenBSD prefers more secure variants of common functions. Right, just as I said, it is always a good idea to make a project more (language) uniform. But that wasn't my main point. There are good alternatives, depending on the type of document being written. For instance, for technical documentation that does not contain to many equations[1], DocBook is often used. Since DocBook uses XML (or SGML previously), it is easy to transform with XSLT. The DocBook project provides excellent stylesheets for xhtml and xsl-fo output, making it easy to target the web and printed media. It is easy to customize output, by overriding templates in the default stylesheets. Also, DocBook documents can be validated automatically using DTDs or RelaxNG schema. (Yes, XML is full of buzzword bingo :).) [1] Equations can be typeset with MathML, but since most software only supports presentation MathML this is not ideal. Before I forget: yes, hand-editing XML is no fun. I did this for years when writing the 'Slackware Basics' book. It is tedious and annoying, even with the excellent nxml-mode for emacs. For Natural Language Processing for the Working Programmer, we use the XML editor, which really takes the pain out of writing DocBook documentation. It provides WYSIWYG mode that also renders inline or xincluded XML, such as SVG and MathML. I rarely switch back to the non-WYSIWYG mode, unless I want to reorder some elements quickly. asciidoc is nice, but the tag set in DocBook is far broader. Also, DocBook makes it easy to add new elements. But if you need just the basic functionality of DocBook, it is great. Actually, I think this is an asset. DocBook is modular, and consists of DTDs/schemas and stylesheets to translate DocBook content to other XML documents (or plain text). Since TeX is so tightly-coupled to typesetting, it kinda sucks for producing non-typesetted formats. Using TeX to do the final typesetting in a DocBook workflow is quite old-fashioned. For years, I have used the XSL-FO stylesheet to create XSL-FO output. You can pass this to an XSL-FO typesetter, such as Apache FOP or RenderX. This workflow has several advantages: * You can easily tweak output by overriding templates. * Commonly-used FO renderers render SVG and MathML. You can use one vector graphics format to create XHTML, ePub, and PDF/print output. * Each step and output, except for the rendering step is XML and can be validated and transformed easily. Those are usually DRMed copies and/or in worse quality. Besides that, the download codes usually invalidate after a certain amount of time. So, for older (cheaper) BluRays, this is often not an option. That said, people already cracked BluRay DRM and using MakeMKV it is trivial to rip most BluRays to DRM-less MKV. I put most of my movies on the Apple TV 2 (which can take surprisingly high bitrates in high profile): rip with MakeMKV, transcode with Handbrake, and you are done ;). Maybe, but iOS has supported copy/paste for a while now, and iOS is the standard that people expect from a smartphone. True, but iPhone + iOS was a smoother experience in nearly every detail (from the capacitive touchscreen to intuitiveness), that people accepted the lack of copy/paste. From what I have seen of WP7, it is nice, but not nearly the revolutionary step ahead that iOS was compared to Symbian/Windows. Even if one uses a tiny subset of C++, the new standard provides many improvements suited for nearly any subset. For instance: - Expected notation for angle brackets (vector > versus vector >). - Type inference using the 'auto' keyword. - Initializer lists. - Range-based loops. - Strongly-typed enumerations. - Delegation in constructors (constructor-constructor calls). - Incorporation of TR1, which brings stuff like shared_ptr and containers based on hashing (unordered_map/unordered_set). The immediate difference I noticed is that the GNU version contains a lot more comments describing what actually happens. Now, what do you think is more appropriate for educational purposes. Source code with plenty of comments or source code with nearly no comments at all? If you want minimalism, you could study the BusyBox sources as well. E.g. BusyBox coreutils: http://git.busybox.net/busybox/tree/coreutils Most BusyBox utilities leave out more options than FreeBSD equivalents. I sympathize. However, it is very hard to completely avoid their products if you love music or movies. Not if you want to support the artist. Not every artist offers Flac/H.264 audio/video for purchase on his/her website. The large majority doesn't. Not only that, he is also the developer of the gold linker (and binutils maintainer from 1996 to 1999): https://lwn.net/Articles/274859/ I can now confidently recommend a book to Haskell-aspiring friends that is easy to read and incredibly fun at the same time. It will be on my bookshelf next to Land of Lisp. I have been with Gandi for years. They are a bit more expensive than some other other registrars, but offer good service, and donate proceeds to non-profit projects: http://en.gandi.net/supports/ I work for someone else too (a Dutch university). Although I am interested in freelancing or starting my own company in the future, what brought me to Hacker News was the good signal/noise ratio. Both in terms of upvoted items and in insightful comments. The focus on startups may filter for people who are generally interested in new technology and business methods. You have to be able to tolerate some entrepreneurial posts every day ;). Very nice! There is not much information on the website, do they use the regular schedule to calculate the train positions or something more sophisticated (GPS positions broadcasted from the train)? Could someone elaborate why one would use pcc over the also liberally licensed clang/LLVM, except for ancient architectures on which LLVM doesn't run or is too slow? I have been in the US about ten times and I think one of the initial barriers is our that our perception of the US is formed through Hollywood. Some things that did not match my expectations/assumptions: - The average American is much poorer than I expected. Wealth is less evenly divided, than say West-Europe. - Americans are extremely nice and warm. Some Europeans say it is superficial, but I really liked when eating at some place that a stranger would pass by and have a chat. - Apart from the West coast and North-East, Americans are pretty conservative. - Americans have a positive attitude towards life. - Americans are prepared to take risks, where Europeans are for more risk-averse. This (IMO) has a bad effect on the social system, but a positive effect on entrepreneurism. Indeed, but Britain is probably the other extreme. I believe there is only one country that could've produced magnificent material such as Monty Python or Fawlty Towers ;). The standard for computational grammars and parsers in natural language processing is: Prolog and Natural-Language Analysis - Fernando C. N. Pereira and Stuart M. Shieber The PDF is available from the publisher: http://www.mtome.com/Publications/PNLA/prolog-digital.pdf It also serves as a great introduction to Prolog and logics programming. Plus learning a language from another paradigm, e.g. functional or logics programming, can also be insightful to your 'safe areas'[1]: - After learning functional programming I realized how much of my programs do just mapping or folding over data. You start to spot the cases where this is not immediately obvious after some FP practice. - After learning logics programming, I realized how much of my programs do a poor man's version of backtracking. Maybe one of those languages is so much fun that you'll eventually change your 'lifestyle'. E.g. I use Haskell in many cases where I'd previously use Python or C. [1] Of course, it doesn't always come natural. C++ STL does provide maps and folds, but since pre-C++0x doesn't have lambdas, using them requires more effort. I haven't read "The Art of Prolog". But if you want to write correct and fast Prolog, reading "The Craft of Prolog" by Richard O'Keefe is a must. Some people feel that this is being misused by immigrants. When they normally talk about immigrants they talk about arabs, africans etc. And there is some truth to that. If you marry someone not from the EU they will gain access to all social welfare. True. I am from another welfare state dealing with the same problems and discussions (The Netherlands). But it needs to be said that the system was grossly misused by native Dutch as well. Laws have been tightened since the beginning of this century, but some groups continue to be resourceful in exploiting the system. Also interesting is that the anti-immigrant party is most popular in a low-immigrant, economically weak region (Limburg). It's highly paradoxical that people in regions that rely a lot on social welfare accuse others of bankrupting the state (immigrants, The European Union, and state officials are popular targets). Our culture is built on blending other cultures together and changing from generation to generation. The situation is not remotely comparable. Most immigrants to the US were mostly from a Christian (or Jewish/Christian of you prefer) tradition. Only 0.6% of the US population is Muslim (0.3% in 1990). For comparison, The Netherlands has a 6% Muslim population (an much higher is some large cities). I do not want to make a value-judgement of the Islam, but point out that some strains of Islam are highly incompatible with Dutch culture. For instance, more than half of our population is atheist or agnost, gay marriage existed for ten years, abortion and euthanasia are legal, possession/use of soft-drugs is legal, etc. Blending such different cultures is a very slow and hard process. Note: I do not have anything against any religion (including Islam), as long as it does not attempt to revert secularization. Edit: correct misuse of the word 'secularization'. On your first point, that can be said of many religions. But many (most?) people realize that the holy books have been written in different times, and adopt the parts that can be integrated with modern life. You can never be completely reassured there is no ulterior motive, whether that motive stems from religion, corporations, or something else. But I do think (and see that in national politics) that many religious people are able to separate what they think is morally good from what society thinks what is morally good. Just witnessing other cultures for some time will give rise to the realization that your truth is just one truth. I am confident that cultures will eventually blend. It's just harder when the are further apart. A collection of core machine learning and natural language processing modules. I still have a gig for nearly two years, and am using spare time to gear up for my first startup ;). True, it would be nice if there was a non-commercial license. On the other hand, if you want to make a serious income with applications, spending $400 on a good development tool is not a huge investment (in the West). "You’ve come a long way, Tux the Penguin." Penguin? Does anyone still remember the Platypus? ;) http://www.ibiblio.org/pub/Linux/logos/platypus/!INDEX.html Given how often I get synchronization conflicts on regular files with Dropbox, I would be quite wary to use it to put and synchronize repositories there. The problem is (obviously) that Dropbox is really a local synchronized folder, so a Git push will only be reflected on Dropbox if there is an opportunity to sync. So, if you have mobile coworkers, it's easy to mess up things. Given that there are many companies who offer repository hosting for just a few dollars per month (also for teams), I cannot see why one would go this route. As someone else in this thread mentions, I think version management is becoming indispensable for the modern designer, and also feasible given the prevalence of vector graphics. Besides that, there are some great, easy to use git clients (Tower, GitBox, SmartGit). I have non-CS colleagues who adopted git in no-time with SmartGit (for LaTeX documents). Yes, but I think the parent wants to point out that it is popular in humanities as in academics (who are also interested in content). To me the difference seems to be that CS people are more aware of current technical possibilities, and take a "we've been there before" attitude. To humanities people, it's all new and spectacular. And who doesn't want to impress their peers? As someone who works on the border between both fields, I can only hope this soon blows over. It tends to be overused and annoying, though I can see it as beneficial in non-academic fields. It's twofold: 1. (x)diffs of binary files are usually more expensive than text files. For instance, consider a git-tracked bitmap image where you apply a global filter. If you add the revised image, and every pixel was touched, this will usually result in a large diff. So, git will either store the large diff, or the modified file completely. If you, on the other hand use SVG with filter effects, the application of a filter will just add a few lines of text to an SVG file. This gives a small diff, meaning that the object can be stored compactly. 2. In the SVG scenario, you could easily spot the changes between both revisions of the image with a 'git diff' (since both files are plain-text). In the bitmap scenario, you can only spot the differences visually. There is a subset called "pure Prolog", which is restricted to Horn clauses. But regular Prolog (with extralogical features) is not functional, and definitely not pure. For instance, the proof_me predicate in the following program will be true, only once: :- dynamic bla/0. proof_me :- \+ bla, assert(bla). If you have an income of Euro 20,000 per year, paying 40% taxes will have a significant impact on your standard of living. If you have an income of Euro 20,000,000 per year, paying 40% taxes will have no significant impact on your standard of living. For reference, Data.List.sort in GHC: http://www.haskell.org/ghc/docs/7.0.2/html/libraries/base-4.... It's still short and sweet ;). Yes. For example, the vector package provides mutable arrays: http://hackage.haskell.org/package/vector-0.7.0.1 Mutability is attained by using the ST monad. The ST monad uses mutable memory, but since it does not allow other interactions with the outside world, its value can be extracted (unlike the IO monad). When you are done with the modification of the vector, it can be frozen to obtain a pure vector. The IO monad can also be used, but not if you want to return a pure value. A good tutorial can be found at: http://www.haskell.org/haskellwiki/Numeric_Haskell:_A_Vector... I used mutable vectors in the ST monad in maximum entropy training software, and they are really performant. Indeed. Also, rewriting base library functionality is bad ;): http://www.haskell.org/ghc/docs/7.0.2/html/libraries/base-4.... Quite a superficial post. The Alan Kay quote is well-known, and it only touches upon mutable vs immutable data. Purity alone does not define functional programming, since there are plenty of counter-examples (Erlang, Lisp, OCaml). The machines that we deal with are mutable as hell (unless we see time as an implicit argument ;)). Most early languages were thin abstractions from machine code, and the world kind of built from there. Unless the list elements can be thunks that can be evaluated when necessary or appropriate. See for instance Control.Parallel.Strategies in Haskell, which provides amongst others 'parMap' (parallel mapping over lists). I think that's a too blanket statement. What do you want to do with the list, a map or a fold? In the former case, what is the cost of the function application? I fondly remember NovaLogic's Comanche series. While it isn't of the 'world building' genre, its voxel engine was very impressive for its time: http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Comanche_series Also interesting (historically) is 'Rescue on Fractalus'. Not just for its cheesy name, but also due to its reliance on fractals to draw 3D mountain sceneries: http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Rescue_on_Fractalus ! Edit: videos of both games: http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Usj17cxSCKs http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=FbZ-chrOgGg&feature=playe... I was a premium subscriber, but cancelled it for various reasons: - Spotify had downtime every now and then, and it's annoying if you can't listen music during that time (except for tracks kept for offline mode). - The sound quality for premium users is good, but not perfect. I hear the difference between lossless and lossy, or least I imagine that I do ;). - I like to own my music, and use it across iTunes Home Sharing devices. - I encountered artists that are absent. So, for the time being I will buy CDs, and use the free Spotify as a discovery tool. I fully agree that the price points are fine for the casual music listener who doesn't care about the problems listed above. Indeed! Spoiler alert: http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=M8opv5u9nf0 First time (as a kid) was shocking... I have read comp.lang.c++(.moderated) for years, and I have never seen a language where the most experienced programmers have to read up the standard to answer a question. Many points raised in the FQA are valid (although written in an inflammatory manner), the main point being that C++ is full of corner cases, traps, and historical artifacts. IMO C++ is a language that we just have to live with. It's ugly, but there's lots of legacy software written in C++, and the only viable option if you need to optimize a lot while still keeping proper typing. So, does anyone have a photo of the stickers? Since I am in Europe, I still have to wait a few days ;). I tried this, and got multiple versions of the truecrypt volume file, filling up my Dropbox account. Pretty nasty, since I had to merge the changes of each variation back in one volume by hand. This article resembles the recent posts about using git on Dropbox - I wonder if people actually tried this for a longer period, because it just doesn't work, unless you mount the volume only one machine simultaneously and always sync after unmounting (easy to forget after mobile use). I don't care much either way, except that I see some cases where using a 'www' hostname can be advantageous. In television and commercials, it's a useful marker that what being listed refers to a website. To the layman who is not familiar with all TLDs, 'example.nu' may be bogus, while 'www.example.nu' is immediately recognizable as referring to a website. My take: 'www' helps in disambiguation, and sure is nicer than having to prefix all names with ' http:// . Hardware support and applications. The first point does not need much elaboration, but I simply can't live without Lightroom, InDesign, and Illustrator. If I ever switch back to Linux on the desktop, I probably need a Windows VM to run those applications. Also at home, Linux cannot provide the same level of integration as the Mac, iPhone, and Apple TV. I like being able to stream a video on my iPhone to our TV, or use my laptop to stream an album stored on my Mac Mini to our TV. It's funny that you mention Red Hat (and CentOS), since they invest very heavily in attack mitigation and sandboxing through virtual machines: http://www.awe.com/mark/blog/20101130.html And as much as people dislike SELinux, it does help a lot in confining applications. OpenBSD does not provide comparable techniques. I used OpenBSD for some years, and NetBSD for many years. And really, 'kool-aid' is all there's to it. You get miserable hardware support, basic features that other operating systems have for ages (unified buffer cache, journaling filesystems, anyone?) are missing, a packaging system that was nice in 2000, no decent virtualization support, and the security features are fairly arcane (no mandatory access control). Unfortunately, this is all concealed by a veil of elitism (see parent). Expect many replies on how mandatory access control does not improve real security, virtualization is a flawed idea, and soft updates are superior to journaling[1]. All in all, it's more religion than science. [1] NetBSD removed soft updates because it was, well, unmaintainable: http://article.gmane.org/gmane.os.netbsd.announce/399 https://lwn.net/Articles/339337/ Please give me one example how OpenBSD 'demarcates userland and kernel boundaries' more clearly than any other modern Unix? OpenBSD always goes with simple, easy to understand solutions that "just work out of the box" and can be easily configured and maintained. Yes, we hear this every time. But this is the same project that advocated systrace, which provided access control with respect to syscalls. I do not see much of a difference between systrace and a mandatory access control framework, except that the implementation of systrace was flawed, it didn't support file labels, and SELinux has a more sophisticated policy language. The OpenBSD Project has a very narrow view of security, and do little to improve attack mitigation for software that is not in the base system (ports). I encountered tarsnap just a few times, but never took the effort to seriously evaluate it. This commitment to security might just have convinced me. (Or in other words: kudos.) Note that the parent suggests reviving the idea, not the Hurd itself. ;) Years back, I used to be an FSF member. Not that I liked the GPL much (in fact, I mostly use the Apache License), but they raised important issues, and had a track record of investing into fine software (GNU) that I benefitted from a lot. However, their campaigns were getting so off-target, that much of my sympathy dwindled, and I ended my membership. Childish 'anti' advertising, such as 'BadVista' and DDoSing Apple's genius bars (gee, that's will convince anyone who was visiting an Apple Store) only made the whole free software movement look bad, childish, and unsocial. To this day, they seem to put their energy into almost hilarious campaigns (Windows 7 sins? Seriously?). This open letter is on the mark, their current course only marginalizes the FSF and part of the FLOSS community. Whatever happened to relying on your own strengths, rather than caricaturizing the competition? This is a nice site for creating your own QR-codes: http://qrcode.kaywa.com/ I am just wondering why this is downvoted... I never realized that you could easily create your own valid QR-codes, bumped into this site, and thought it was nice... Let me speak up just once to object (and simultaneously confirming your QA ;)). I am a vegetarian, but rarely discuss it, unless someone explicitly inquires about my motivations. Personally, I do think that killing an animal for food is immoral, but moral is not absolute. What if a desert nomad family is starving? In my position I can barely imagine what it is like to be starving, so I am certainly not in the position to judge them for killing an animal. What if I meet someone who has saintly behavior, but enjoys a steak every once in a while? He or she has probably brought more happiness to the world then I ever will. Borrowing from Matthew: "Why do you look at the speck of sawdust in your brother’s eye and pay no attention to the plank in your own eye?" I agree that MacRuby is the most likely 'successor' (or rather, alternative). Another advantage of MacRuby over some other 'scripting languages' is that it can be compiled to an executable via LLVM bytecode (per macrubyc). This will be appealing to anyone who doesn't want to give away his/her source code. Well apparently, MacRuby is already a private framework in Lion, so it serves some purpose in the eyes of Apple. http://merbist.com/2011/03/07/hey-apple-please-be-nice-and-s... Yes, I use Apple keyboards at home and at work. I have grown to like the flatness and ease of pressing keys. Pressing keys on other keyboards now (almost) feels like weight lifting. Previously I used the Happy Hacking Keyboard, and the Apple keyboards are approximately the same size. Nice for travelling, but also to have a touchpad or mouse close by. True. On the other hand, Apple had dual display laptops, when many other brands still supported mirroring only. Indeed, my experience is the same. Years ago I tried to sell my 1.5 year old MacBook white (back when it was still the regular consumer model). I could only get a bit more than half of the purchase price. The trick in the article may work sell before the end of the cycle), but I don't want to align to Apple's cycle. What if the cycle is probably going to end, and you have some deadlines? I concluded that the resale price is too low for such good-quality and durable hardware that I decided I'd rather give my older hardware to family or friends for free or a small compensation. Making someone happy with a good MacBook or Mac Mini is worth more. Don't underestimate how many people want a Mac or want to try a Mac, but cannot or do not want to spend the 'entrance fee'. From this perspective it's a shame that lowest-spec Mac Mini is more expensive than the previous generation. The 'white' Mac Mini sold for 499 Euro in The Netherlands, while the aluminum Mini is 699 Euro. This excludes many families with a lower income. My significant other was very happy with SmartGit on Windows before she switched to Mac. (Since SmartGit is a Java application, it should work on all platforms with the JRE and git.) Now, let’s put these numbers into perspective. According to Ookla’s Net Index, the average speed for a country in Europe is around 12 Mb/second. That's partly because most people are happy with such speeds (or at least the speed/price ratio). At home I have a subscription with 120MBit/s downstream. Speed tests usually give 130MBit/s during daytime and 140MBit/s at night. Given that, 500MBit/s downstream is the very minimum one would expect from one of the leading Internet companies, probably located closely to one of speedtest.net's nodes. Ziggo in The Netherlands. Television, telephone, and internet all in one for 67 Euro per month. They have Internet-only subscriptions as well, but the whole package deal is more attractive ;). They are moving to open governance. So, why not make use of it and let your voice be heard before going through the enormous effort that a fork will be? How does one count users? I previously used a Skype account, but now I share a Skype phone with my girlfriend and her account. I'd guess there are plenty of families with one Skype account. Indeed. I'd add to that that paying 15 Euro for a BluRay may be perfectly acceptable in the Western world, but a huge budget hit in the rest of the world. The buy 'physical media via the Internet' argument doesn't fly there either. The better alternative is iTunes. You don't need a VPN, since Apple is not blocking based on IP address. You'll only need a US address (I am at Starbucks pretty much all day) and a US iTunes gift card (easy to get by), and you are settled. It's a grey area, but MAFIAA should prefer it over piracy ;). I am a utilitarian. If someone cannot afford a movie, downloading does not equate to a lost sale. It does not hurt any person involved with the creation of that movie. It can possibly make the downloader a bit happier. Therefore I think that, in this case, downloading perfectly moral. For those not familiar with the matter: KPN used to be the state (monopoly) teleco company before privatization of the telco industry. As some other carriers, they banked too much on voice and SMS services. Since that income is quickly evaporating, they have to fire thousands of employees in the near future. They are now trying to compensate their strategic mistakes by introducing tiered internet subscriptions where customers pay higher subscription fees to use VOIP and messaging services. Since there are only three big mobile operators in The Netherlands (T-Mobile, Vodafone, KPN), the worry is that the others will quickly follow suit. Even though I am mostly an OS X user http://lwn.net/ provides great in-depth coverage of Linux and BSD. As usual, use the right tool for the job. Personally, I use C++ mostly, for different reasons: - There are some very good cross-platform toolkits available for C++ (such as Qt). - There is no C99 support in Visual Studio. At the same time, C++-98 works across all major compilers these days. - STL containers. However, C++ just is the best choice for the projects I am currently working on. For other projects, with fewer dependencies and no portability requirements beyond Unixy environments I prefer C. Nearly any language can be superior, depending on the project. The linked article attempts to show that C++ is superior based on some specific situations where this may indeed be the case. Haskell seems to go a long way towards solving this problem in my humble opinion. Meaning it can have very dense code but as long as you follow the types it is often fairly straightforward to figure out what a piece of code does. As a Haskell fan, I have to say that there is a bag of hurt here as well: performance in the lazy evaluation regime. It can be very hard to predict/understand when thunks are evaluated and the effect it has on heap use. I am still hoping for a strict, pure language with monads to go mainstream enough to use it. The next Haskell will be strict - Simon Peyton Jones Source: http://www.cs.nott.ac.uk/~gmh/appsem-slides/peytonjones.ppt Have we really lost any freedoms? Not per se. But it is withdrawal of extra freedoms/features that electronic media and the internet provide e.g. nearly-free copying and distribution and random access. There are many possible (and legal) applications that are made impossible, even for the buyer of a book. Think e.g. of corpus linguistics, applications for automatic annotation of phrases, etc. The media companies are trying to turn what is new and provides enormous potential benefits to the population into what is old, because it is easier to stay with old business methods than to reinvent yourself. Except that most 'closed' companies use open source software to build, host, or maintain their product. If everyone kept their software under wraps, their would be no giant's shoulders to stand on. I think an acceptable (business-wise) middle-way is to open some components that are valuable to the world, but does not immediately make everyone a potential instant competitor. It may be interesting to note that Red Hat's Richard Jones wrote some nice system utilities in OCaml, such as virt-top and guestfs-browser: http://git.annexia.org/?p=virt-top.git;a=summary http://git.annexia.org/?p=guestfs-browser.git;a=summary Interesting, one wonders if there will be some de-duplication in the far future. There is a lot of overlap with TR1, for instance Qt's smart pointer and container classes. On the other hand, I guess many Qt users will treat Qt as the C++ standard library ;). Note that LWN is an excellent weekly Linux publication that uses the subscription model. Articles are first only visible to subscribers, and then after a week to the the general public. As a sort of gesture to the community, they added a "Send a free link" option that allows readers to send an article to a friend or colleague before this one-week period ends. This feature was really a nice gesture towards the LWN community. Clearly this feature now abused to send an article to a website with a large readership (since it is still in the one week subscriber-only period), which is really sad, given that LWN always had to put a lot of effort into generating enough income to compensate their authors. So, if you like the depth and quality of the article, please consider becoming a subscriber. It's really affordable, and provides genuinely good Linux/Unix-related content. Note: I am not affiliated with LWN, just a happy subscriber, sad to see a nice feature misused. Why not wait a week until it is generally available? If a small percentage of LWN subscribers would post their favorite articles to well-read sites, it would quickly defeat the incentive to subscribe to LWN. Anyway, the main point is: LWN is great, if you like it, consider joining ;). The use of the algorithm is mostly orthogonal to the language being used. It's like saying 'walking from Amsterdam to Rotterdam can be faster than going by bike, if you take a detour to Beijing when using a bike'. Personally, I often do an initial write of a program first in Python and rewrite in C/C++ if necessary. Usually, the first unoptimized C++ implementation is 10-100x faster than an optimized Python implementation. I think this also depends on age and mental state. For instance, my grandmother who was old and frail, but had a happy life. In her last few years she often mentioned that she was ready to die. She'd also talk often about the past. If death is unexpected, and cuts through all plans and expectations without regards, it's hard to reconcile with death. Such posts often remind me how important it is to live in the moment (and how hard to attain ;)). I use more sophisticated algorithms in "higher level" languages because I can implement them in about the same time it takes me to implement less sophisticated algorithms in "lower level" languages. These are factors not related directly to the language, but level of understanding, time, and money. An experienced C++ programmer can probably implement the 'better' algorithm equally quick in C++. There's some extra cost to the c version otherwise you'd always do c and never do python. Not necessarily. In an existing project in a non-C language, the C implementation will require you to write and maintain a binding as well. That could be a good reason to use Python/Ruby/Prolog/whatever by default, unless it's not fast enough. But the 'canonical quicksort' is not quicksort ;), just a slow look-alike: http://augustss.blogspot.com/2007/08/quicksort-in-haskell-qu... No, it's not. First line of Hoare's 1962 paper describing quicksort: A description is given of a new method of sorting in the random access store of a computer The paper also emphasizes the use of in-place mutations in quicksort. The qsort one-liner uses lists, which are not random-access and cannot be modified in-place. Or run Debian Sid, as you ought to on the desktop ;). There are other reasons for using lossless audio files, such as archiving, and avoiding degradation through re-encoding. I wonder why nspluginwrapper is not mentioned, which supports the use of 32-bit plugins with a 64-bit browser. In fact, when installing /flashplugin-nonfree/ on Ubuntu x86_64 it will nspluginwrapper. It's not ideal, but works fine for casual Flash website use. Indeed. To make your point more explicit: My girlfriend has my old iPhone 3G. Given that iCloud will not be supported on the 3G, she will have to buy a new phone once the MobileMe subscription runs out, to continue to use the handy synchronization features of MobileMe. Now, it's just calendars and contacts, but as documents, "App state", etc. moves into iCloud, people will feel necessary to update to the latest device more often to be able to use iCloud in its fullest. Every year you do not upgrade your device, you will miss out on more and more improvements, until your device becomes unsupported (the iPhone 3G was obsoleted well within 2.5 years). iCloud and comparable offerings will make digital life easier for many people. But it will also be a lot harder to get out of the vendor grip. People will dislike these companies as much as they disliked Microsoft, but will be equally tied to their products. iCloud is not (just) a hard disk in the cloud (as Steve Jobs said during the keynote). More defining is the API that makes it seamless for applications (and consequently users) to sync data to the cloud. In that sense, it's not just another Dropbox. In a year, the average iOS app will automatically sync data across devices using iCloud, while there is no simple knob you can switch to store it in Dropbox instead. You can sync to the cloud and access files from the cloud OR you can actually choose files/folders to sync across hardware. There is a huge usability difference between putting a file in some folder, and having it synced, and automatically syncing all relevant data in an application. This is easy to underestimate for us technical people, but it is very difficult to explain my mother that she has to put files in, say, Dropbox on her iPod Touch to be able to access it on her iPad. Do something on the iPod Touch, have it available nearly instantly on the iPad in the same application, she understands. I fully agree, but it easy to fall for comfort, and lose flexibility. It's pretty much the same with iTunes: I can ditch OS X and switch back to Linux. However, I will not be able to play music and movies directly from my media player to the Apple TV2 without much effort. Also, synchronizing music from Banshee or Rhythmbox to my phone is not possible (until libgpod supports iPhone 4). iTunes/iCloud (/Google Apps/Facebook) will be the next Microsoft Office. You will be locked into a platform because your data lives there. It's clever. Well, except that Access is not well-suited for typical pipeline use. My objection is that the article is not Linux specific. The same program can probably be installed easily on OS X or FreeBSD. "The Joy of people who make their software available" would be a more appropriate title. Apple is indeed good at marketing, but how do we know they going to succeed at marketing iCloud? [...] iCloud after all is in part a rebranding of a product that has already failed multiple times already. Good question. But from a user perspective MobileMe syncing already works very well. When I buy a new Mac or iOS device, I simply configure my MobileMe account and automatically have my contacts, calendars, notes, and on the Mac preferences, dock items, etc. They could have made the synchronization functionality of MobileMe free, and slowly add the features announced for iCloud. But announcing it as a new product is a far smarter marketing move. iCloud has dominated deadlines for days now, and people see it as something different from MobileMe. Taking all Apple's emphasis on design, marketing, etc., aside. It starts very simple: Steve Jobs looks like a sympathetic guy on stage that we could easily emphasize with. Steve Ballmer looks, let's put it bluntly, unsympathetic and rude. This difference is clearly visible in every fiber of marketing material from both companies. Apple marketing feels friendly and fresh, while Microsoft's tends to feel aggressive. Sometimes Microsoft attempts to copy Apple's marketing style, but it feels faked or superficial. Don't underestimate company's 'soul'. Indeed, I am a Mac user, after using Linux and BSD from 1994 to ~2007. But I have a Linux machine for work that requires plenty of (affordable!) CPU power and memory. I recently installed Ubuntu 11.04 on that machine, and this is one of the very first times I thought "they get it". Unity is a fresh breath of air compared to the old 'let's hide applications deep in menus'-paradigm. Unity makes applications quickly accessible and manageable. It's not there yet, but it is going in the right direction. Here's why the average Joe should use Linux instead of Windows: it's $200 cheaper. Except that it's not true. We had Windows Vista Home Premium (IIRC) + Works refunded once from Dell, because Ubuntu was used. The refund was 80 Euro. In fact, they say it inflates the price of PCs barely, because the relatively small OEM Windows fee is compensated by installing tons of adware, browser bars, etc. from 3rd party vendors. There is so much ambiguity in language that parallelization is often possible at a very course-grained level. This usually doesn't require more cleverness than multi-processing or multi-threading. Given that they switched from their own pattern matching language to an optimized WAM, I suspect they use one of the common Prolog implementations. My experience is the opposite. I work on a parsing/generation system that was developed in our group. Such a system consists of mundane parts (rewriting trees, applying a log-linear model) and sophisticated parts (parser, generator, guidance, grammar recompilation), and I find both to be natural in Prolog. I suspect that you have just used the wrong tool for the job. Prolog works well for problems that require reasoning, and unification extensively. But if you are trying to write, say, a parameter estimator in Prolog, you are using the wrong tool for the job. Ditching the BIOS for EFI? I ordered an album from CD Baby twice, once digital, once on disk. Browsing and buying from CD Baby was a joy, because their love for the music was so apparent. It's also one of the rare sites where artists were seriously engaging with their customers. I posted a (favorable) review about one of the two albums, and ended up discussing not only his album, but also buddhist meditation. It feels good to be treated as a human, not a mindless consumer. If you want to make such a distinction, Qt is probably what would come close to top-C++. It offers dynamic binding via signals/slots, Java-like iterators, simple multi-threading/parallelization, signal/slot-driven networking, database access, and some automatic memory management (deletion via parent widgets, and auto-pointers). It only misses the proposed compiler warnings to indicate that 'bottom-C++' is used. Still, for the average programmar 'top-C++' makes a miserable language. Want to write a simple class? You have to make a separate header file and decide what methods to inline/make virtual, etc. Want (binary) compatibility? You'll have to worry about things such as PIMPL and d-pointers. It's a low-level language, and low-level issues will always leak into higher-level subsets. And why should one go through the effort? The old mantra "write in a higher language, rewrite what is too slow in C/C++" works fine. Or: the gatekeepers are just as vulnerable as anyone else, so maybe we shouldn't give them the key. The artifacts produced from intellectual labor can often not be taken from an individual, but through copying potential income can. 'Intellectual property' is a concept invented by people to protect themselves against such loss of income. Currently, most people who care cling to two extremes: one group sees intellectual property as physical property, and think 'theft' should be punished as physical property theft. The other group thinks that 'intellectual property' is imaginary, because the cost of copying is near-zero and copying does not take away information from the original owner. Obviously, the first extreme is completely unacceptable. Suppose (for the sake of the argument) that someone invented a copier tomorrow that could copy any physical object. That would be a tremendous win for humanity. However, the 'intellectual property'-crowd would come in and insist that people pay nearly the same price for the copy as the original (as happens today with books, movies, and music). On the other hand, there should be some financial incentive to produce intellectual artifacts. Not according to Spotify themselves: http://www.spotify.com/nl/help/faq/local-files/does-spotify-... As I have always understood it, your local music collection is included in the client. If you share playlists containing tracks from your local collection. But if they are not provided by Spotify, friends need to have the same tracks locally as well to be able to play them. When the middle-class in America was booming, you would have had to be crazy to leave America. Good job. Nice car. Family and a house? Lack of old culture? Lack of proper healthcare for everyone? Lack of decent unemployment benefits? Being stuck in your own little bubble? (No tastful bread? ;)) Do not misunderstand me, I do like the US for its nature and kind citizens. But many would never trade their life for a life in the US. Even if they were given the choice of a 'booming middle class life'. Good. Next time I am in the US I'll check it out! :) Harvard University, for example, dates to the Ming Dynasty. I do not disagree that there are no traces of old culture. However, go to any random city in, say Europe, the middle east, or Asia. Chances are high that you will easily find artifacts from the roman age until now. Most of the US is new, in many cities you'll have to work hard to find something older than one hundred or two hundred years old. This is not a criticism, but many people appreciate cities and artifacts that are old ;). Also, with respect to culture in the other sense, the difference is huge. US city centers tend to be boring (with notable exceptions such as New York), since much of the activity is in the outskirts, and are only reachable by car. Compare this to many other countries, where city centres are cramped with pubs, small theaters, etc, and people tend to hang around until the early morning. I liked some cities int this respect (e.g. Portland), but in comparison it's still a bit dull. The United States also has new culture such as ragtime, jazz (various genres), blues, soul, rhythm and blues, rock and roll, and hip-hop music that compare favorably in the aggregate to traditional music from anywhere in the world, It's just marketed a whole lot better. E.g. I am into jazz mostly, and American musicians are the most well-known. But Europe had (and still has) a lively avant-garde scene, which was at least as progressive is the scene in the US. In Africa, mostly isolated and in parallel, what resembles modern jazz developed (e.g. check out the excellent Ethipiques series). One good example is Getatchew Mekurya from Ethiopia, who developed his own weird flavor of jazz, that sprung directly from traditional ethiopian music. Anyway, I digress. The rest of the world had thriving and progressive music scenes, but often failed to package is for mass consumption. broadcast media and motion pictures that were largely invented here Are you kidding? Ever heard of Nosferatu, Battleship Potempkin, Le voyage dans la lune? but now enjoyed around the world Hollywood movies are often looked down upon as superficial, but 'ok if you want something easy'. and this cool thing called the Internet that links all of us together on Hacker News. True, ARPAnet was invented in the US, but the 'interface' that we all use was invented by a Brit in Geneva ;). Sure, it had its precursors, but the point is, that in contrast to popular belief, the US did not bring us to modernism. It's a collective contribution. I recently purchased a Mac Developer Program subscription. I do not intend to submit something to the App Store short term, but I support some of my (academic) software on OS X, and it is good to see what is coming up. Anyway, I also bumped into problems using the activation code. I got a (security) message, because my account name was not matching up with my credit card name (one lists my names abbreviated, the other written full). I e-mailed support, but after a few days nothing happened. Then I called developer support by phone, and everything was arranged in just ten minutes. Developer support by phone was helpful and friendly, and although they are in Ireland for support in Europe, they provide a local number in The Netherlands (and many other European countries). Conclusion: call them, and you are probably helped quickly. Apple should modify their webpage to recommend people to call support, rather than using e-mail. It's linked right from the e-mail form that you probably used to contact them: http://developer.apple.com/contact/ Also, Googling "apple developer call" gives proper entry points as the first and second results. This. I guess at least a fraction of scientists are open towards a change in reviewing. However, during funding applications and interviews, the number of publications in journals is very important. Hence, if you want to make any chance in science, you submit to journals. No, I like native widgets, predictable shortcuts, and easy off-line use. Also, desktop software is easily manageable via Exposé/Mission Control. Also, I don't like the fact that webmail providers such as GMail cannot only track my e-mail, but also my reading/browsing behavior. Indeed, more competition is good. Apple has finally spiced up Mail.app to have a conversation view, and far better filtering. Because there is no class library that is multi-platform and integrates somewhat nicely into the platform. Yes, I know GNUStep, but it doesn't come close to e.g. Qt in terms of integration. That isn't the point of the parent. Anything that is not better than the current kernels is a waste of time. I am sure someone will chime in that the Hurd is a microkernel. Microkernels have been around for decades, and did not gain much traction. (Perhaps with the notable exception of Darwin, but this is a single-server kernel.) Something like Singularity/Midori is actually interesting, since it provides memory protection in the kernel, but without the expensive context switches. Edit: yes, deleting messages is going to improve the flow of conversation :p. Let's see, we have FreeBSD, NetBSD, OpenBSD, and Solaris. Two of them have even been integrated in current GNU systems (Debian/FreeBSD and Nexenta). How does yet another kernel help? As much as one can dislike the guy's drivel. There is some truth to his statements as well. It does not bear repeating that so many patents describe mathematical truths, trivialities, and common sense, that it is hard to make a product that does not violate a patent. Also, banning a product is one of the possible outcomes of a patent violation (besides working around the patent, or settling). Wouldn't it be nicer if everyone just competes on quality and price? Also, in a market that moves this quickly, doesn't 'discovery' of some technique give a time-advantage already? If the patent madness continues, let's hope the outcome is MAD, which would be better than a handful giants and trolls collecting 'taxes' on everything. Edit: nice downvoting. Do we downvote for disagreeing these days? Very nice work, especially given status of the TrueCrypt license, which may not be acceptable for most open source operating systems: http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/TrueCrypt#Licensing Hopefully, this will provide a good basis for others to bring TrueCrypt support to other BSDs and Linux. I am Dutch, and the estimated vocabulary is 15,600 words. It's really humbling, but on the other side surprising that one can participate in scientific discussion with such a small vocabulary. But I bet the distribution is not very similar to an American kid with a vocabulary of that size ;). It's easy to notice the difference in vocabulary in practice. Native speaker's speech is much more varied. Also, it's maybe good for native speakers to realize that someone who may seem a bit rude or dumb on the Internet may be a non-native speaker who has difficulty expressing him/herself. Since most serious Scala programs will use Java classes or class libraries, I still have to see how portable most Scala code will be between JVM and .NET/CLR, besides the lack of ABI compatibility. It will add complexity to a language that is already fairly complex. Some commenters have already suggested that Scala has the C++ syndrome, but at least C++ is easily wrapped in C, making binding to anything else fairly easy. I wonder if it would not be better to stick to the JVM, and tell people that that's the platform. You cannot be everything to everyone without collapsing under the weight. Right, you are paraphrasing my worry: there will be .Net and Java flavors Scala. Sure, the syntax will be portable, but programs do not only consist of syntax. C# in the .Net 1.0 era was very similar to Java. However, most of the domain-specific knowledge is not in the language, but in the associated class library and runtime. Usage patterns evolve with them. So, under the assumption that Scala.Net will get traction, in three years, people will be hiring Scala.Net and Scala(JVM) programmers. Educational programs will teaching two different flavors. Books will describe two different flavors. How does this help Scala or the Scala programmer? (Then there are more questions, such as: what does Scala.Net offer over C# (which is incorporating functional constructs) and F#?) Maybe, but this could easily be refined, e.g. by using fingerprinting. Perhaps even the fingerprint of the Flac data (assuming that fingerprinting is much cheaper than lossy compression). However, it would be odd if CPU power is the real bottleneck here. I read the article, but can we actually be sure that licensing is not at fault? Or simply, the lack of proper management? Given how much more revenue iTunes sales would give for the average Premium user, it could be possible that they (RIAA and others) want to keep the incentive to buy iTunes tracks (or the physical album). Not that Spotify would ever admit this, since it would effectively change their status to 'music preview/demo/shareware' provider. The quality plus the 'disappearing tracks' issues, make me think that it is all about preserving buying incentive. At least, that's what it did for me. Personally I don't think licensing is the problem. Why would the labels let Spotify stream the new Paul Oakenfold and Beyonce album as exclusive pre-releases and, at the same time, not allow them to offer HQ streaming for those albums? What's the point? The very same reason they pay some television and radio stations to broadcast particular material: to get people to buy the albums. It's a combination of things that make Spotify subpar for many music enthusiasts. The lack of availability of lossless streams, incompleteness of the catalog in 320kbps, missing tracks on many albums, uncertainty about future accessibility of music, etc. When Spotify was introduced in The Netherlands, I absolutely loved it, and was convinced that I'd never need to spend much more on music than 10 Euros per month (imagine what a save this is when you buy at least 4 albums per month). However, given the reasons listed above, I am now mostly using Spotify for music discovery, and still buy albums. It only helped me to make more 'accurate' purchases. As a side effect, I ended my Premium subscription, because the 2.5 hours/week, 5 plays per track is plenty enough for evaluation. C++ has a smaller standard library, but has easier interoperability with other languages. I see your point, but I do think it hurts C++ and C++ programmers. Programming C++ in Windows or programming C++ in a gtkmm context are very different. Even the most basic things are not standardized (unicode string handling, etc.). Middle ground does exist (Qt), but it does replace most of the STL and has some very basic weaknesses, like vectors that are limited to 2^31 − 1 elements on common platforms. So, again, I am seriously interested in what fragmentation buys you when porting to a platform that already has 1 1/2 functional languages, supported by its developer? How does parallel processing in Scala "rock"? Can you point me to studies where Actors outperform, say OpenMP or Task Parallel Library? Does parallel processing on Scala compensate the overhead that Scala generally has over Java, C++, or in this case C#? I'd seriously like to know. I know that actors are good in some situations (distributed computing where you would normally use message passing), but statements such as the above can often be heard, but seem far to broad. Why and how should actors outperform OpenMP or TPL? They serve completely different goals. Show us numbers. That was the main request of my comment, and you come with a list of libraries? We hear all the time how great Scala is with respect to parallel computing. Show me some good examples, where it beats C++ or C# with TPL, say doing number crunching. It's all to easy to repeat a mantra (parallel programming in Scala rocks), but it has been proven correct rarely. Given such statements, I would either expect it to be much easier to parallelize programs in Scala (as opposed to, say, adding OpenMP pragmas) or would expect parallelized programs to be much faster. Neither seem to be true. First, I am reacting to the original commenter, and pointing out that your post does not answer my question to the original commenter. Second, I do know the difference between concurrency and parallelism (since I use the latter a lot, and the former in the rare occasion of writing GUI programs). Anyway, your ad hominems do not serve the discussion. Third, mentioning 'actors' and OpenMP is one sentence was poking a bit of fun at the overly broad statements often made by fans of Scala (and Erlang) about what Actors will do. But the next time I will leave my sardonicism at the door. Codebase(HQ) allows archived projects (until your diskspace runs out). However, putting your open repositories there does not have the same network effect as putting them on Github. But then Google also does not have so many mobile patents as others. Currently royalty payments in all directions are 'fought out' through patent lawsuits. If you do not participate, you will be the sucker that only pays royalties, but doesn't receive any. This is the annoying thing about the current patent situation: companies have to participate if they do not want to hurt their margins. Lion + Xcode 4.1 GM crashes a few times per day while doing C++ coding on a fairly small project. Besides that, I do not see Xcode 4.1 in the App Store yet, so it's currently only available with a Mac Developer Account. Go to the Lion 'page' in the App Store, and click install while holding the Option key. Installing MacPorts is easy, however, be aware that some ports do not compile yet. Some of them have bugs filed against them, but given the NDA, MacPort developers could not fix them until Lion was out. From personal experience: no. I bought a MacBook Air in January. It's very ideal for travelling, due to its small size and weight. However, it squeezes nearly the same amount of pixels as a 13.3" MacBook Pro in a 11.8" display. So, if your eyes are a bit tired, it becomes annoying to read code. Also, the CPU is much slower (even after this refresh) than the MacBook Pro. If you use compiled languages or do a lot of data processing, this is annoying. I returned my Air to my Apple Reseller recently, and purchased a MacBook Pro (as I had before). It's fast and a readable screen. Since you are a programmer, you'll probably enjoy a MacBook, given OS X's UNIX underpinnings. Oh, some of our software barely compiles with 4GB of memory (unless you have enough time). E.g. large finite state transducers dumped as a big array of structs in C tend to blow up the compiler ;). Also, some people tend to work with large data sets or problems that just require lots of memory. E.g. I work on language generation, and generally the more memory the better. For me 8GB is the minimum for doing serious work, and most machines that I use have >= 8GB and Edit: my question is not rhetorical, I really would like to know. "Waste" $5 for an toolset that could possibly make you a millionaire? Really, it's about the same price as a hammer... The article overestimates the novelty of ASLR (nothing new compared to Linux and Windows), and goes on to underestimate the importance of (iOS-like) sandboxing. Linux has sandboxing per SELinux. However, SELinux puts the burden of sandboxing on the administrator, or in the case of a desktop OS on the user. Apple, on the other hand puts the burden on the application developer. Applications have to opt-in for Sandboxing [1]. Once an application opts-in, it has no access to anything but its own home directory. File opening/saving dialogs are handled through the pbox daemon, and are the only manner for the sandboxed process to get access to the 'outside world'. Some privileges like network access have to be retrieved through entitlements. What we will see is the first, vendor-pushed attempt, to sandbox every application on a mainstream operating system. And it will probably work, because the burden is on the developers, not the users. [1] Apple will probably make it mandatory in the future for new applications sold in the App Store. it is certain Isn't that NDA'ed information? ;) However, it seems it's out via Ars already. Apple has better marketing, but it is also more consumer-driven than some of the competition. E.g. compare application sandboxing with the pain that is SELinux (for the average desktop user). In some other communities it's not well-understood that it's not just about feature checkboxing. It's about shaping features in such a manner that they are trivial to use. I do realize that to Apple-dislikers I am well under the spell of the reality distortion field ;). More fun Doom trivia on the origin of the (id)spispopd cheat code: http://www.urbandictionary.com/define.php?term=idspispopd The Smashing Pumpkins for their part continued to the joke by adding a sample from Doom to 'Where Boys Fear to Tread' on 'Mellon Collie and the Infinite Sadness'. The booklet contains the following credit: "Explosion from Doom courtesy of id Software, Inc and bobby prince Music"" Well, it would help if a link were posted when the project is in a more mature state. When something is linked and upvoted, people will judge it by the current quality, not some future state of the project. Good luck though! tl;dr: the guy wants to get into game programming, plans to learn C++, get internship. That's great for him, but why is this interesting? Octopress is based on Jekyll, however, it is not exactly clear to me what it adds to Jekyll. Is it the extra plugins? Is it Rake-driven management? Reading through the documentation quickly, it seems to add a lot of complexity compared to plain Jekyll. A comparison with Jekyll sans Octopress would be appreciated! 2b) - i could write a litte parser (potentially much faster) Since XML entity references can be described with a regular language, there is an equivalent deterministic finite state acceptor. So, any parser you will write, will probably be slower. Anyway, I think that the interviewer referred to named entity recognition. Well, there are people who still buy and rip CDs as a means of obtaining lossless music :). I will not claim to hear a difference, but like lossless music for archival purposes (to avoid future lossy to lossy conversion). Besides that, some music is still not available legally online. Still, I would like to see optical drives axed across all Mac models. I can use an external drive for this purpose, and I do not want to carry around the extra weight if not necessary. So, they made you pay for what you should have paid for in the first place. This may be a bug, but I'd rather say karma ;). I used Opera, when it still was paid-for software, because it was light and fast. I left Opera when they started including everything but the kitchen sink (Mail client, etc.) in the browser. I never quite understood why they did not release the applications separately. They probably wanted to compete with the Mozilla suite. That's a very huge project. It's best to start with one of the commonly-used toolkits for machine translation, such as Moses and Giza++: http://www.statmt.org/moses/ http://code.google.com/p/giza-pp/ When using a statistical method, you also need training data. One good source is the EuroParl corpus, which is based on translations of texts of the European parliament: http://www.statmt.org/europarl/ The programming language is not really important. Use whatever makes it the easiest to use one of the existing toolkits. Note that this is a very active field of research in natural language processing, and open domain machine translation is hard to do correctly. Also, the more data, the merrier. Syntax-based systems also require a parser in the pipeline (and good-quality syntactic annotations for the training data). Since (please do not feel offended) your question seems a bit naïve, let me advise you to do two things if possible: 1. follow a course in machine learning, 2. follow a course in natural language processing, covering at least parsing and MT. Don't worry, it is nearly identical to vim-gtk in Debian :). Since MacVim is a Cocoa application it integrates more nicely in OS X than vim-gtk would. A computer is an imperative device. It is a deterministic state machine. Teaching introductory programming with a functional language is teaching students wrong, i.e. it does them a disservice. One could as easily argue that a computer is a tool, and if it helps us making better (according to some criteria) programs, why not abstract away the underlying architecture? Good follow-up literature: - Learn Prolog Now! by Patrick Blackburn, Johan Bos, and Kristina Striegnitz provides an introduction to Prolog: http://www.learnprolognow.org/ - Prolog and Natural-Language Analysis by Fernando C. N. Pereira and Stuart M. Shieber provides an introduction to Prolog, and applies it to natural language processing. The book is more difficult than Learn Prolog Now!, but if you enjoy SICP, you will enjoy this book. http://www.mtome.com/Publications/PNLA/pnla-digital.html - The Craft of Prolog by Richard O'Keefe is a must to learn writing correct efficient Prolog code. Many eye-openers. http://www.amazon.com/Craft-Prolog-Logic-Programming/dp/0262... - Warren's Abstract Machine: A Tutorial Reconstruction by Hassan Ait-Kaci is a thorough overview of David Warren's abstract machine for executing of Prolog code. Since modern Prolog implementations are often based on WAM, it helps in understanding how to design efficient Prolog programs. http://wambook.sourceforge.net/ Our (natural language) parser/generator is for the largest part written in Prolog (the rest is C/C++/Tcl): http://www.let.rug.nl/vannoord/alp/Alpino/ Prolog matches very well with the grammar formalism that we use (attribute-value grammars), since attribute-value structures with arbitrary depth and re-entrancy can easily be represented as Prolog terms and larger analyses can be constructed through unification. E.g. the grammar rules are plain Prolog rules where one argument argument is a list that represents the right hand side of a grammar rule, and another argument is the left-hand side. The rule goals define relations between the RHS and LHS by unifying parts of the RHS structures with the LHS structure. For instance, the rule for np -> det, n is this: grammar_rule(np_det_n, NP, [ Det, N ] ) :- np_det_n_struct(NP,Det,N). Where np_det_n_struct unifies paths between NP Det, NP N, and unifies some paths with atoms. Completing a grammar rule is simply a matter of unifying members of the RHS list. This looks like the purpose for which DCGs are designed DCGs are not really practical when implementing different parsing/generation strategies, where you usually want to be able to access categories easily (ie. not as Prolog goals). Also, once you represent RHS constituents as a list rather than goals, you do not need DCG's difference lists to maintain adjacency. Also, why ... instead of ... Since the rule identifiers are never used as goals. They are just for printing pretty parse trees, and to see which rules fired for constructing an attribute-value structure (e.g. rule counts are used as features in the disambiguation component). Rules match on category (remember, there is more than one way to construct on np), which is a type in the type hierarchy for feature structures. An av-structure with type np will be structured as a Prolog term with the functor np . Btw. note that the representation above is only the representation that the grammar writer will use. For parsing/generation transformed terms will be used. E.g. during generation grammar rules use the syntactic head as the first term argument, and chart edges use the next unprocessed RHS slot as the first term argument. Both to make use of first argument indexing . http://www.sics.se/sicstus/docs/latest3/html/sicstus.html/In... On Linux I very regularly use 'strace', to see what a program is currently doing (in terms of syscalls), what files were opened/read/written/closed, etc. Nice work! I think I could use this when I forget my GPS logger for photo time/location correlation. However, 1km would be too course-grained for that. Would it be possible to make this a user-defined setting? Edit: GPX export would also be useful. Woohoo, Monad comprehensions :): http://www.haskell.org/ghc/docs/7.2.1/html/users_guide/synta... This improve code readability when used judiciously. Well, I guess it depends on what particular mindset. I do not eat meat, because I think that most animals that are commonly eaten are sentient, and I believe intentionally killing sentient animals is wrong. The question of course is, what animals are sentient. I don't know. But I find it plausible that, say worms, are not really sentient. And from that perspective it's pretty ok to eat worms. Since I do not know where to draw the line, I play safe and avoid meat, but others would choose differently. Some of my friends are also vegetarians, not because they think killing animals is wrong, but because they believe animal farming has a negative impact on the environment. If insect farming does not have the same impact, it could be a reason for them to consider eating insects. I don't know for sure until I try, but I think can be useful for logic monads. The article does not address the correlation between the amount of stress people endure and the amount of sleep they take. People who pour their lives into work generally tend to have less sleep and be more stressed. So, is it the sleep, the stress, or both that kill people? In some areas the list is certainly not accurate. E.g. in computational linguistics: - Realization of Natural-Language Interfaces Using Lazy Functional Programming , Frost, 2006. I never ever heard of this article, with only 17 citations overall (in 5 years) it can hardly be considered important. - In the entry of Transformation-based error-driven learning and natural language processing , Brill, 1995 (which is an important publication) it is stated that it "Describes a now commonly-used POS tagger based on transformation-based learning." Which is not true, since nearly everyone uses HMM, maxent, or SVM taggers these days because they give far higher accuracies. Although it is far from perfect, the number of citations is probably one of the best manners to count importance. Someone actually did this per year for ACL conferences: http://www.phontron.com/blog/?p=29 Obviously, there are other conferences, journals, etc. But it gives a pretty good overview of papers that are recommended. Also, there's the ACL top-10 rankings: http://clair.si.umich.edu/clair/anthology/rankings.cgi Patents are probably part of it. Another motivation may be that Google wants to avoid the Android ecosystem to spiral out of control. Android phones vary widely in quality, both with respect to hardware and software (thanks to vendor 'extensions'). Maybe they are hoping to produce an Android phone under tight control, to set a benchmark for the rest. Also, Apple has shown that piles of cash can be made on good, though slightly expensive margins. My guess is that bandwidth caps are only used when there is virtually no competition. Because in practice, most people will only saturate there connections for very small amounts of time. But it's a nice way of squeezing more money out of your customers. I have had 20MBit downstream for at least six years and now 120MBit, with no bandwidth caps (The Netherlands). There is a lot of competition in this area, with at least a dozen DSL ISPs, plus cable. Mobile internet is completely the opposite. We only have three major carriers. My previous phone subscription had no caps for mobile internet, my current subscription has an 1GB cap, and the caps are now being lowered. It's an oligopoly, so they can force caps down everyone's throats. True, I fully agree. But Apple is loved by a somewhat large contingent of developers, small software vendors, and tech enthusiasts. That relationship can quickly turn sour, which may harm them to some extend. Not directly, but tech people's hate of Microsoft 10-15 years ago also had an effect on the larger group. The NT branch of Windows has always been very stable, and supplanted 9x a long time ago, still for many people Windows is equivalent to instability and blue screens of death. There's a lot of parrotting. I use Snap on one small project, it is pretty awesome. Snap applications have the terseness and simplicity of, say Sinatra or Rails, but with type checking. As is often the case in Haskell, if your program compiles it is usually correct. What I also like about Snap (and Yesod) is that it is integrated well with the enumerator package. Simply said, the enumerator package allows you to implement composable data sources, manipulators, and sinks. Since many web applications consist of extracting data from a source, manipulating, and sending it, it allows you to write applications short and simple. The two largest cable providers in The Netherlands offer 120/10MBit internet[1]. I think they offer it in most areas, so they have a reach of millions. So, it's not really that big news, except for the larger upstream. However, for most consumers upstream is probably not that important. [1] 120MBit is what they advertise, I usually get 130MBit downstream. Given that the ban starts only on October 13 and Android 3.0 does not violate the relevant patents (according to Dutch news sites). Couldn't Samsung just update the firmware in the meanwhile to change the behavior of touch-based photo browsing to whatever Android 3.0 uses? Edit: according to the judgment summary the Galaxy Tab does not violate said patents. It is not that much of a problem, since 95% of the people probably use one of the top-5 distributions. If we go by Distrowatch's popularity, those are Ubuntu, Mint, Fedora, Debian, and openSUSE. Two those are derived directly or indirectly from Debian (Ubuntu and Mint). So, three of the five are virtually the same, except that Ubuntu and Mint are more focused on user-friendliness. The more serious problem is the immense amount of resources that are wasted on developing multiple desktops, photo editors, photo managers, music players, chat clients, etc. Some people will say that competition is good, but if you have that tiny market share, I think it would be better to focus on the overall experience. It has been a fun ride! I started using Linux in 1994 when I was twelve with Slackware Linux. I remember having long fights with my younger brother about how to divide a 40MB hard disk between Linux and MS-DOS (for games). It is important to remember how Linux and the BSDs made it possible for a whole generation of tech enthusiasts to educate themselves. At that age, I could not afford to buy a compiler or books as means of getting sample source code. Linux and BSD gave us free compilers, source code from the masters' hands to study, and generally a fun system to tinker with. I can not image being where I am now without that ecosystem. I hope that future generations will be as fortunate to have these possibilities. It was included on a CD-ROM of a computer magazine. I guess back then they'd include anything to fill 650 megabytes. Also, in a city nearby, one store had a lot of the Walnut Creek catalog on offer. So, it was fairly easy to get hands on Slackware Linux and FreeBSD without an Internet connection. Most people in the Netherlands didn't, where the then telco state monopoly charged 25 guilder cents per minute for calls. Weird! :) Me neither. Indeed. My C++ teacher's mantra for students was "the compiler is always right". Obviously, this false, but until you are smart enough you'll never know when the compiler is wrong. The problem with Debian Testing is that once something breaks badly, you usually have to wait two weeks until it is fixed, because changes need to trickle down from Sid. In my experience, Sid is more useful as a desktop. But it's certainly not for the beginner. Yes, there is definitely a tension between pleasure and minimalism. However paradoxical, minimalism can be also an be attachment. As Buddhists would say, take the middle road. Taking cooking as an example: food touches on the outer world (think of everything involved in a simple crop, from the farmer to the sun) and the inner world (physically and mentally). Preparing food is very good for exercising awareness and appreciating life, why would one sacrifice that? Edit: sorry for accidentally downvoting you :(. I agree, but such accounts can be read differently: he's just a normal person. Every normal person has potential to do something great. But you cannot sign commits in git, only tags, right? I remember going to a dual-talk in Amsterdam of Michael Hart and Richard Stallman. I went to see Stallman, I returned energized by Hart's vision. He was a convincing visionary person that dedicated is life to the good of all people. The world needs more Michael Stern Harts. Somewhat related: Chris Smith is teaching kids programming using a tiny subset of Haskell, the Gloss graphics library, and a web framework that he built around Gloss, using the SafeHaskell extension. His experiences can be followed through his blog. Previous posts: http://cdsmith.wordpress.com/2011/08/16/haskell-for-kids-wee... http://cdsmith.wordpress.com/2011/08/23/haskell-for-kids-wee... http://cdsmith.wordpress.com/2011/09/03/haskell-for-kids-wee... http://cdsmith.wordpress.com/2011/09/10/haskell-for-kids-wee... Well worth the read, and a good example of how programming can be taught to children. None of the buddhist traditions that I know of states that every (human) being is the incarnation of the same 'person'. Also, this would contradict with the scriptures, which describe many enlightened beings (who ended their cycle of rebirth). On a more abstract level, reality could be seen this manner in Buddhism. Buddhism teaches the doctrine of dependent arising, which states that all phenomena are interdependent. As such there is no distinct/independent self or other. When something is dear to you, it is also a natural thing to do. However, sometimes it is better to say 'thank you' and take the given advise to heart. Mice come in classes as well. E.g., I use a 69 Euro Apple Magic Trackpad (and disliked plain-old mice ever since). Compared to the cost of a good trackpad it is not that expensive. I personally don't need the added precision, but if I did, 20 dollars is not a lot for added productivity. From what I have seen of it, I really like Vala. It is a high-level C-like language that feels somewhat similar to C#, but compiles to plain C and uses the same ABI. Of course, some people will dislike the fact that it is tightly coupled to GObject. You could also make a C DSL in Haskell if you have time ;): http://trac.sivity.net/language_c/ Or use an existing one: http://hackage.haskell.org/package/copilot How about none of the above? Anyway, to put it bluntly: I wouldn't want to work for a company with such a sexist attitude. Diversity is good. But we are talking about tabs here. Premature optimization is the root of all evil (to throw another cliché). but removing from the beginning of any array-based growable structure rather than the beginning will turn a O(n) operation into an O(n^2) operation. I'll bite: in arrays, front deletion (like back deletion) can be done in O(1) time. Keep a pointer to the first element, and just increment it upon front deletion (and free the element if necessary). Obviously, you may want to be smart to avoid memory use getting out of hand. And you don't know what's going into those tabs. If the array stores references (pointers), which you'd expect with tabs, that is orthogonal to the discussion. Whatever is going into those tabs, a pointer is a pointer. Hmmm, lots of REPL input/output, nearly no informative descriptions. Besides that some descriptions are wrong or inaccurate, three randomly picked examples (and I am not a Scala programmer): * "compose calls the second function and then the first function." * "Maps - It can hold basic datatypes." * "foldRight Is the same as foldLeft except it runs in the opposite direction." I'd recommend friends to buy a good, well-edited book. 1. 'compose f g' doesn't call g and then f, but it constructs a new function of the form \x -> f (g x). 2. Maps store mappings between keys and values. 3. Left and right folds both process a list recursively from start to end. However, left folds apply the given function first and then recurse. Right folds recurse first and then apply. As a result, in right folds the given function is applied to the last element first. I had VPSes with Gandi, but switched to Linode. Executing operatings with the Gandi control panel had become slower and slower and the renewal proces became more painful (I had to renew server resources -> pay with PayPal -> cancel renewal because it wouldn't proceed -> renew server resources -> pay with prepaid account that was just credited via PayPal). They paid €45 million of licences in 2010 [1], Per year. and 2 million subscribers is probably close to €10 million revenue. Per month, right? And may even higher than that, because Spotify Unlimited is Euro 4.99, but a fraction of the subscribers also uses Spotify Premium at 9.99. I have seen Hancock recently, at a tribute to Miles Davis with Wayne Shorter, and Marcus Miller. And witnessed a different emotion, equally bad to innovation: people without a grain of critical thinking. In other words, they had to like the music, not because it was great, but because it was Hancock, Shorter, and Miller. Frankly, the concert sucked. There was no intimacy, it sounded cold, and the instruments were completely drained by arena-style drums. At the same festival, in tiny rooms, fantastic innovative music was made. But most people rave only about the things they can namedrop to friends. These methods often have side effects and that's their whole point. You don't need state and mutations, GUIs can also be programmed nicely using functional reactive programming (FRP). A nice description of FRP: http://stackoverflow.com/questions/1028250/what-is-functiona... Some examples of FRP in GUIs: http://www.haskell.org/haskellwiki/Reactive-banana/Examples Let this be a reminder. If you use a streaming music service, they can pull you any stupid trick. If you do not accept, well, you'd better hope there is an alternative the provides a comparable catalog. Once you own non-DRMed music, they can't take it away. This doesn't look like good UI code to me. It replaces a mutable counter (that could potentially be changed anywhere in the program) by a definition of the counter that describes all possible changes it can have during its lifetime: counter = accumD 0 $ ((+1) So, we have a counter that has an initial value of one. Over time, 1 can be added and 1 can be subtracted, namely when repsectively an eup or edown event occurs. Being able to capture all possible 'state mutations' of a value in one assignment is good. It seems to use too many advanced FP concepts that have nothing to do with the task at hand. Which is a bit ironic, since the widgets are created in the IO monad with the 'do'-notation, which simulates imperative programming in Haskell :). A user interface should be designed with a WYSIWYG interface (Glade, Qt Designer) anyway, but that's besides the point. You are still missing the point. In imperative programming there is no guarantee that the counter isn't modified in some place else or wrongly. In the end it's just an integer that allows all kinds of mutations. The possible value changes in the Haskell FRP example, on the other hand, are completely described. There is no other manner in which the value can change. There is some truth in what you say, but that line of reasoning can quickly go out of hand. I mean, you could also argue that every time they increase their system requirements, they do not act out of humanity towards others. Also, I can imagine that Canonical is looking out for more and better sources of revenue. A dead Ubuntu is of no use to anyone either. It's a trade-off. An IDE will often provide more and better integration, but is usually focused on a small subset of programming languages and is less flexible. Most editors less integration, but are far more flexible. Take Sublime or Vim, you can customize every bit of the experience with scripts without too much effort. Also, I think some languages tend to need an IDE more than others. E.g. Java's relatively small feature set increases its verbosity. An IDE is almost required to avoid too much typing and memorizing. Haskell, on the other hand, is very expressive, making it less fit for smart autocompletion. Well, nearly all settings are documented in: Packages/Default/*.sublime-settings All default keyboard shortcuts are in: Packages/Default/*.sublime-keymap So, yes, there is plenty of documentation, but not on the website ;). Haskell is beautiful, I love it, but I can easily see his points. There are a few traps one can easily fall in: - Reach a point in a complex application where it becomes hard to reason what laziness will do to performance. - End up in type-hell. E.g. some libraries extensively use existential quantification of type variables. Before you know it, you are chasing "type variable x would escape its scope"-type or error messages, in perfectly fine looking code. - Pattern matching is nice, but if you extensively use it, adding a constructor argument is a lot of work. - No-one uses the same data type for common things. For instance, for textual data, there is String, Data.Text, Data.Text.Lazy, Data.ByteSting, and Data.ByteString.Lazy. These days there is more or less consensus on when to use which type, but you are often converting things a lot. There are also types of data for which no consensus is yet reached (e.g. lenses). - Artificially pure packages. There are some packages that link to C libraries, but (forcefully) provide a pure interface. (Or in other words: purity is just convention). - For a lot of code you end up using monads plus 'do' notation, making your programs look practically imperative, but an oddball variation of it. - Using functions with worse time or space complexity, to maintain purity. - I/O looks simple, but for predictable and safe I/O you'd usually end up using a library for enumerators. Writing enumerators, enumeratees, and iteratees is unintuitive and weird, especially compared to (less powerful) iterators/generators in other languages. Learning Haskell is something I'd certainly recommend. It provides a glimpse of how beautifully mathematical programs could be in a perfect world. Unfortunately, the world is not perfect, and even Haskell needs a lot of patchwork to deal with it. You must have never done any meta-programming in C++ ;). It's pretty much a functional language. Also, STL provides some infrastructure for FP-like programming (defining functors, argument binding, and providing map/fold-like transformations). But given that C++98 didn't provide lambda functions, it was all a bit too painful. I believe you are attributing a library issue to a language. Reasoning about laziness? Polymorphism that can only be implemented using existential types plus Typable? Even purity is a double-edged sword (some algorithms are inherently mutable)[1]. Some of Haskell's problems in real-life projects can definitely be attributed to the language itself. So the practical reason for using Haskell today is to take advantage of the amazing performance, My experience with everything from simple checksum functions to parameter estimators (ML) is that Haskell is generally at least 2-10x slower than C (even when introducing strictness where necessary, unboxing constructors, etc.). So, in practice you'll often end up doing heavy lifting in C anyway (whether it is a database server or a classifier that works in the background), and in the end it doesn't matter so much whether you use Haskell or a dynamic language (performance-wise) if a significant amount of time is required processing requests. where its type system can rule out most common web development bugs Right, this is where Haskell currently has an edge, because it does not only make it easy to make DSLs (as e.g. Ruby), but typechecks everything as well. oh, and Yesod is even faster than the mentioned Snap framework which is already much faster than Node Yes, but the benchmarks you implicitly point to (the pong benchmark) is very synthetic and says fairly little about real-life use. Until we see Snap and Yesod more in production, the jury is still out. [1] Sure, you can do quicksort in the ST monad, but it will require a lot of unnecessary copying. In haskell, the syntax is so nice that is easily readable, and it doesn't get in your way. Unless you want if-then-else in the do notation (yes, I know that there is a GHC extension for this), disagree with its whitespace rules, or like record syntax (which subsequently pollutes your namespace). Also, point-free style is nice, but it is easily and often abused, leading to unreadable code. Yeah, but the syntax and the verbosity hides your aim. Many people would argue the same of Haskell. So much semantics are encoded in the particular operators, monads, functors, monad transformers, arrows being used, that they are hidden from plain sight. Yes, reasoning about laziness and difficulties using types are library issues. I disagree, if the language were strict by default, this was not an issue. It is a language problem that is forced on libraries. However, for most Ruby web applications that I have worked on I have had to spend time re-writing slow parts of the application because Ruby was truly the bottleneck, My point was that Haskell is often a lot slower than C of C++, so people will rewrite CPU-intensive code anyway. Look at many of the popular Haskell modules where heavy-lifting is done (from compression to encryption), most of them are C bindings. That code will be nearly equally fast in Haskell as in, say Python. BTW. I am not arguing that Haskell not faster than Python, Ruby, Clojure, etc. But for computationally intensive work C/C++ are still the benchmark, and that is what people will use in optimized code. Whether it is Haskell or Python. Particularly if a library is forcing you to learn about existential types. But why is it? Because the language does not support the kind of polymorphism that is commonly used, in an intuitive fashion. People need containers with mixed types that adhere to an interface in some applications. And a commonly-used method to realize this in Haskell is by using existential types. we can at least agree that async IO is a big win Yes. And likewise deployment to multi-core is no extra effort in Haskell/Erlang, whereas in Node, Ruby, or Python you will need to load balance across multiple processes that are using more RAM. Since most modern Unix implementations do COW for memory pages in the child of process of a fork, this is not so much of an issue as people make it out to be. The fact that you mention Erlang is curious, since spawn in Erlang forks a process, right? Forking is more expensive than threading, but again, in most applications negligible compared to handling of the request. Why use quicksort over arrays when you can do mergesort over lists Sure, you can do merge sort. Except that the list split step in Haskell is O(n) in time, while it is constant when using arrays. As well as merging lists, since you have to 'reattach' the second list as the tail of the first list. And quicksort for arrays in ST monad wouldn't copy anything unnecessary. You have to copy the data from whatever representation you had to something that lives in a memory block in the ST monad. Actually, I've seen many claims that some algorithms are inherently mutable. So far none stand close scrutiny. You have probably never read Okasaki... The rest of your argument proposes that slow is better because of persistence. First, persistence is often not required, second persistence can also be implemented in a mutable language. Both :). To give one specific example: I was working on a transformation-based learner for learning tree transformations. Say that a rule consists of an action and a list of condition that makes the action fire if they are true for a particular tree node. Obviously, you'll want to be able to add new conditions, so you make a type class for conditions: class Cond a l where applies :: a -> TreePos Full l -> Bool Now, say that a rule contains a list of conditions which belong to the type class Cond (Cond a l => [a]). You can see the problem coming. Say I provide a condition of the type MyCondition, then the list will be of type [MyCondition]. However, in practice it would be inflexible to restrict a list of rules to one type. You want to be able to add new conditions outside the module or package binary. So, instead I used existential typing for conditions: data Condition l = forall c . (Cond c l, Eq c, Show c, Typeable c) => Condition c Explain? What would the alternative be? Box the value that is the result of evaluation an expression that calls impure code in IO? This is what I'd expect for calling impure code in third-party libraries. Just as a FYI - we don't have any disk limits (apart from fair use). Let me ask you about a particular case then :). I am in a group that develops a natural language parser for Dutch. It's open source, but so far we have been hosting it in a private Subversion repository on our university servers. We do provide a read-only (somewhat hidden) git mirror of the tree, but we have considered publishing it as an public git repository, but were always worried that the repository is too large for hosting it externally. The git repository has existed for one and a half year, and the bare repo is currently 1098 MB in size*. Would hosting such a repository on Bitbucket be considered fair-use? Farkas, thank you for this information! I'm actually more excited about the iPod Nano as a workout device. Indeed, and that the iPod Touch also gets iMessage. Which is nice for messaging with family members that do not have an iPhone. Except for its sublime touch screen when it was introduced, the iPhone was never really about ticking off specs. Very much like the Mac has never been about specs in recent years (except battery life and weight). People choose Apple for software, reliability, support, and brand first. So, any comparison that states that a phone trumps the iPhone 4S should at the very least talk about software. No, it is completely distasteful, and representative of actions that caused me to slowly change from being an FSF associate member to believing that FSF is a threat to free software rather than an asset. Of course, RMS is not speaking for the FSF here, but there in recent years there is a history of missteps (Emacs virgins) and childish campaigns (Windows 7 sinds, Bad Vista, etc.) associated with the FSF. It seems that RMS and the FSF (through zealotry) have become disconnect to most of society. Take the Apple Genius Bar DDoSing action of the FSF a few years ago. To the FSF it will probably seem heroic, but to the general public it's just annoying. You needed some help with your iPod, and then there is a bunch of annoying geeks blocking the Genius Bar, making you wait hours rather than minutes, just when you had to pick up your child from school. The next time that person reads about 'free software' or a 'free software operating system' he/she will think back about that bad experience and probably dismiss it. Where is the humanity? Jobs also brought DRM-free internet music stores to the masses. That's very US-centric of you. The iTunes Store is available in many countries around the world. The Amazon Music store isn't. On the other hand, he counts 2.5 hours per household. Although Spotify does not allow for simultaneous plays using one account, more than one person in a household may use one account. Also, the article assumes the premium subscription rate, but probably very many users have the 'Unlimited' subscription. So, although the average is probably lower than 2.5 hours, the average subscription price is also. I think this slideshow would be better titled 'Standards Compliant C'. Not all of it. People who do not understand the rule of three or when to declare methods or deconstructors virtual can surely cause headaches. Indeed. The following video provides a nice overview of the history and the current state of biking infrastructure in The Netherlands: http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=rn2s6ax_7TM Also, besides infrastructure, making a city of country bike-friendly also requires changes in legislation. E.g. in The Netherlands a lot legislation has been introduced in the past to protect cyclists, making drivers of motorized vehicles more cautious. The effect on society is profound. Most of my colleagues go to work by bike, public transit, or both. A bike is often many times more economic than a car, reduces oil-dependence, and wide use results in cleaner air. Is OS X on VMWare supported, if you are not using a Mac has the host system with VMWare Fusion? (If so, that would be news.) So if Buddhism does not assert that it is the One True Path, what's the Fourth Noble Truth? The hand pointing to the moon is not the moon. ``Come, Salha, do not be satisfied with hearsay or with tradition or with legendary lore or with what has come down in scriptures or with conjecture or with logical inference or with weighing evidence or with a liking for a view after pondering it or with someone else's ability or with the thought 'The monk is our teacher.' When you know in yourself 'These things are unprofitable, liable to censure, condemned by the wise, being adopted and put into effect, they lead to harm and suffering,' then you should abandon them.'' AN 3.66 You can start practicing meditation using books. But joining a meditation group helps enormously. While the instructions for meditation are truly simple, taming the mind is not :). There are some pitfalls we all walk into, like attachment to serenity that meditation can bring or getting discouraged by roadblocks. Having a teacher or joining a group helps you not getting stuck. In cities, there are groups in different traditions (e.g. Vipassana, Zen, Diamond Way). These traditions have similar goals and methods, they can 'feel' very different. So, it's good to sit in with different groups once or twice to see where you feel at home. With respect to books, I really enjoyed "Zen Mind, Beginner's Mind", but it can be a bit daunting. Philip Kapleau Roshi's "Three Pillars of Zen" is said to be a good introduction. Yes, but the 'joke' doesn't say that, it suggests that women have a lesser understanding of programming concepts, which is outright discrimination. Edit: And for Haskell, achieving needed performance can be quite tricky with regard to its laziness. But Snap is driven by enumerators/iteratees (via the enumerator package), which make it much easier to do fast near-constant space IO. I have built a web application that uses Snap to query large (parse) treebanks, and it was easy to make it performant. It's not just that. Haskell has exceptionally strong typing and containment of mutable computations, making it much easier to write correct programs. When a module compiles, it's usually pretty bug-free. Indeed! Look at a novice Mac user, and you understand why Apple built the MAS. No matter how easy software installation was, the process was still difficult for most users (how to handle a bundle, package, zip file). The MAS has streamlined both installation and paying for an application. Also, it's what people who bought a Mac because of the iPhone/iPad halo effect expect. But then, the new star (clang/LLVM) is written in C++. As the article says, it's all about model differentiation. The 4S is a fine upgrade, but it would be far less interesting to current iPhone 4 owners if Siri wasn't a 4S exclusive. Apple can plaster a lot of environment-blah blah on their website, but they (but also most Android vendors) are the anti-thesis of sustainability. Encouraging people to upgrade frequently, and quickly deprecating old models. E.g. my girlfriend's 3G is in a fine state hardware-wise, will probably function well for a few more years, but there are no more security updates. (A mostly happy iPhone 4 user.) Thats the whole point, the whole Europe and its citizenry would like to live in Germany. That's nonsense. The German welfare and pension system is really bad compared to e.g. The Netherlands and Scandinavian countries (which are doing fine economically, by the way). Besides that, Germany doesn't even have a minimum wage. To us, Germany means: potentially bad income when you work (no minimum wage), bad income (Harz IV) when you are long-time unemployed, and bad income when you retire (compared to e.g. The Netherlands where you do not only get whatever private pension you build up, but also a decent state pension). Citizens of EU states are free to move to and work in other EU states. So, if your point were true, we'd see lots of immigration to Germany. Which isn't the case. Did you ever do number crunching in Haskell [1]? Experiments by the developers of the repa matrix library show that repa (which exploits data parallelism) does not even outperform a single threaded C++ implementation when 8 CPU cores are used: http://www.cse.unsw.edu.au/~benl/papers/stencil/stencil-hask... The most glaring problem is that GHC currently does not support SIMD vector instructions. A problem which is now, fortunately, being addressed: http://hackage.haskell.org/trac/ghc/wiki/SIMD But currently, Haskell is not really an option if you want to write serious ML software that rely on vector or matrix operations. [1] I did, for maximum entropy modeling. Believe me, it's not near competitive to C or C++ yet. But one day, it will probably be. "C is faster" is a tired argument. The ability of this compiler or that to produce the most efficient possible code is almost never relevant outside of a few niche cases. What niches? ML is exactly one of the niches where highly optimized code helps tremendously. We use ML, amongst other things, for parse disambiguation and fluency ranking. Making a modification in, say the grammar, often results in training and retraining various components that have a mutual influence (e.g. parse disambiguation, auxiliary distributions for subcategorization frames, the part of speech tagger). Evaluation is also performed using ten-fold cross validation. Since a modification can also result in regressions, the effect of modifications are usually checked individually. Being able to validate changes in one hour rather than one day, helps the development of such a system tremendously. We developed some software first in other languages (Java, Scala, Python), usually to make a prototype for getting grip on a problem. But reimplementing it in C or C++ paid of tremendously on each occasion. Even though there is enough CPU time available (we have a 3280 core cluster). Another thing to note is that most machine learning techniques are fairly generic. So, usually there is already a perfectly fine C/C++ implementation available. Sometimes with bindings and all. In this case, you're also guilty of putting optimization before the algorithm. How do you know? Most data is actually preprocessed using Prolog or Perl. But the actual machine software is written in C or C++. Speed is the last step, and often the only one which can be improved by throwing money at it. Again, there are niches where it is worth it. And machine learning is often that niche, because people use huge data sets, complex problems, or both. Besides which, if you want to have a pissing contest about speed, C is still going to lose to FPGAs. Yes, but FPGAs are not readily available to our users :). But we are very much interested in GPU computing. --- Apart from all of this, it's funny that you pointing to the price of implementing in ML software in C. It's not as if there are large amounts of Haskell programmers available. Writing such software in Haskell has about the same economic risk as using COBOL ;). state = [st for s in state for st in states[(s,letter)]] What's so hard about this? - states is a dict with transitions. The key is a tuple of a state and a symbol. If the value is a non-empty list, that means there is an outgoing arc from the state to another state with that symbol. - state is the list of states you are currently in (remember, this is an NFA, so you can be in more than one state). So, what this fragments declaratively says: the new list of states is obtained by following the outgoing arcs with the given symbol from the current list of states. The comprehension would be more comprehensible (no pun intended) like this: newStates = [newState for curState in curStates for newState in transitions[(curState,letter)]] # curStates = newStates Edit: line break to avoid the need to scroll. Something like this? https://gist.github.com/1388217 Crashes clang, reaches maximal template depth in g++. Seems there is no tail call optimization for templates ;). Or spread artists amongst competitive services, forcing us users to subscribe to multiple services. I'd rather take a copy of the music, and own the copy the rest of my life, thank you. From the README: "DBGo" is a light-weight relational database engine implemented in Go programming language. It is a programming exercise I gave to myself when I began to learn Go. That's one epic programming exercise ;). Did anyone try how it performs, compared to SQLite? One of the essentials is missing from this list: Bill Venner's 'Inside the Java 2 Virtual Machine'. It is well-written and detailed. I think it's this: the best programmers generally want to learn new languages and approaches. This is true, however an inherent danger to Haskell/Lisp/ML-filtering is that this group has also a relatively high percentage of people who think every problem is a nail. So filter for people who know functional languages, but also have plenty of experience with, say, C or C++ projects. My experience is exactly the opposite: in number crunching it's often easier to parallelize processing in a low-level language such as C or C++. Current C compilers make loop parallelization via OpenMP. And since data is mutable, you do not have the overhead of allocating new chunks of memory (plus garbage collection). Functional languages will eventually be able to do most parallel computations on vectors and matrices nearly as fast as C. E.g. in Haskell a new project has started for adding support for SIMD intrinsics. Packages such as repa have been shown to be much slower (see the repa papers), where a program using repa with 8 cores (without SIMD) has about the same performance as a single-threaded C program (with SIMD). With SIMD support, Haskell plus repa will probably get a lot closer to the performance of C. Where functional programming with immutable data structures does help tremendously is in concurrency. Anyone who has written a fairly complex C++ program using concurrency, such as a GUI application, has probably run into complexity issues. There is a lot of mutable state, and no clearly defined model of interaction between threads. Anyway, in my opinion the real benefit of a pure functional language is that code written in a functional language is often more succinct and easier to reason about. There is no state outside a function (either global or within an object), side-effects are controlled and typing provides neat abstractions (monads, functors, etc.). The primary source of complexity in some functional languages is laziness. If this is true, can you point me to an elegant implementation of, say, the Either monad in a non-functional language? Bonus points if you can show me how to implement algabraic data structures plus pattern matching in your favorite non-functional language. I didn't say filtering on Java was any better. Just that 'filter on Haskell or Lisp' is no golden rule. You will miss out on good candidates. There are great programmers out there who never really touched Scheme or Haskell outside a CS course. Also, I think that a fairly large subset of C++ programmers who think that C++ is an ugly and complex language. But it's often practical, e.g. because it is used in legacy software, because it's fast (and provides more abstraction than C), or because many good cross-platform UI libraries use C++. A language can't be fast; a language is a notation. Only implementations can be fast or, perhaps, generate fast code. Theoretically, maybe. But it is nearly impossible to come up with an implementation for Ruby, that is as performant as a compiled C program (and retains the characteristics of Ruby). So, it is definitely true that it easier to compile some languages to fast machine or byte code than other languages. As a consequence, people will call Ruby slow, and C fast. PyPy is getting there. ...on some be benchmarks. It's not near the stage when it beats C or C++ in general. And it's much easier to write correct Ruby than correct C. C is not very type safe, but there are languages that are and have comparable performance to C (Ada, C++, etc.). Please update the title to indicate that this was written in 2009. In the meanwhile, Haskell has gained (besides Happstack) two excellent web frameworks: Snap and Yesod. One of the points of critique has been addressed now is database access. For instance, Persistent provides type-safe database access: http://www.yesodweb.com/book/persistent The author also mentions the problem that exceptions can only be caught in the IO monad. But this has become less of a problem, since more people started using monad transformers (such as ErrorT) to add error handling to their monads. ErrorT allows you to catch exceptions within that monad. For instance, quoting from one of my own projects: readEntry :: MonadIO m => Corpus -> String -> ErrorT CorpusError m Text readEntry is a function that takes a Corpus and a String , and returns Text in a monad of the class MonadIO if the function is successful. Otherwise it reports errors in the form of a CorpusError . You could now, for instance, run this function with runErrorT , and it will return an ordinary Either value in the given monad ( Left CorpusError in the case of an error, Right Text when the call is successful). Also, many underlying components are tested using QuickCheck. QuickCheck allows you to verify that the properties of functions hold under random input. Of course, since such checking is used when the number of possible inputs is too large to check (or infinite), it is not watertight. But it helps tremendously in uncovering bugs. That does not say much, without actually specifying how much data is processed. It's great if you can spread calculations among 8 cores, but if a single-threaded C process provides better performance (let alone a parallel C implementation), what does it say? Could you provide more data points? (By the way, in C such loops can typically be parallelized by adding one OpenMP pragma.) Off-topic: I see in your screenshots that Dock icons of applications that are not started are on their side. How did you do this? Unfortunately, it does not say what license will be used, which is probably relevant if they want to create an ecosystem around the compiler. But... Why would you want this? The platform already includes a very good package manager (cabal). What I'd rather like to see is even better dependency handling (currently, version numbers are too important for what they say) and conflict handling. The latter is partly solved by cabal-dev, which installs packages that are dependencies of a development tree in a sandbox. The former problem could be solved using type-based dependencies [1]. [1] http://skilpat.tumblr.com/post/9411500320/a-modular-package-... Fortunately, there is more competition in the SSD space. And given that SSD will probably become the norm in laptops and desktops, this shouldn't be a problem for most people. Question (as someone whose deepest depression was a 'bad day' at work ;)): the article states that But also it goes with realising that a lot of human activity is really pretty pointless, and when you realise that and internalise it then you become cynical and also a bit sad - because you yourself are caught up in this machine and you have to play along if you want to get on. Teenagers are really good at spotting this kind of phony nonsense. Its also the seed of an illness; a melancholia that can deepen in later life into full blown depression. I think that purely rational reasoning will easily lead to this conclusion, but emotionally this does not feel true: we all want to avoid suffering and live in happiness. So, the eventual goal becomes making yourself and other people happy. I seems to me that such reasoning can only get to you if there already is an emotional imbalance (e.g. due to bipolar disorder or stress). So, isn't it a trigger for illness, rather than a seed? That's a nice variation of Nozick's experience machine [1] :). I wouldn't consider taking such a drug, because it leads attachment to that good mood. Attachment leads to unhappiness: that state may not be maintainable (shortage of drugs, rebirth if you believe in that, etc.) and we can always wish for more or better. I think that the highest form of happiness is non-attachment, being aware but not under control of pleasant and unpleasant experiences (akin to enlightenment in Buddhism). [1] http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Experience_machine Sure, emotions are very temporal and frequently changing. But even if I am angry, bored, or excited, I know that I also want to and am capable of being happy. Evenmore, some other emotions are often strongly related to pleasant emotions. E.g. if child gets angry because he/she has to go to bed, it's usually because the child wants to play. Blaming Lennart (not Leonard!) is a bit counterproductive. There's a general tendency in the desktop Linux community to rewrite components every few years, rather than improving what exists. I guess this is mainly caused by the failure of Linux as a commercial desktop. Except for heroic efforts by Red Hat, SUSE, and previously Sun, it's mostly a hobbyist affair. As a hobby, people prefer to do the fun work, not the tedious and boring maintenance, bugfixing, and polishing. The quality of Linux as a desktop operating system is in stark contrast with Linux as a server operating system. Thanks to the enormous amount of money invested in server-related components, Linux as a server is generally very polished and reliable. On a personal note, the effort required to maintain a stable Linux desktop made me switch to OS X in 2007, after using Linux for 13 years. I think the 'failure' of the commercial Linux desktop can mostly be attributed to economics. Most importantly, consumers do not want to pay for a desktop operating system (even if it were proprietary). Microsoft effectively shut down the alternative market by making Windows-hardware coupling mandatory for large hardware vendors. This gives the perception (through scale and coupling) that Windows is nearly free. So, why would one spend money on an alternative operating system? Then, there are social factors. A vocal minority of the Linux community is outright hostile towards proprietary software or even towards any form of capitalism. It is not a very attractive market to operate in - one misstep, and elaborate PR campaigns are set up. It was even more complicated in 1994. But, throughout high school and university I had plenty of time, and fixing things was an interesting challenge. Then real-life started (internships, thesis writing, a day job), and the few hours per day that are left, you'd rather spend with loved ones, sports, and interesting projects. And then you suddenly realize that you'd rather have "works" than "mostly works". YMMV That's nice, but it remains to be seen if this is not just cheap (no pun intended) exploitation of sentiments. Some registrars, such as Gandi have always supported various causes (such as EFF, Creative Commons, Debian, etc.). How much does Namecheap donate of regular domain registrations, etc.? What have they done in the past for digital rights? Also, as some people said before. This attack on Godaddy maybe a godsent diversion for SOPA supporters. It's exactly this thinking that can kill science and startups. That there is unemployment, does not mean there is unemployment in every branch of the industry. In branches, where there is a lack of qualified workers, you need to take in immigrants, or you will become uncompetitive. Also, remember that there are many people who just want to work in a different country temporarily because it is good for their career+. E.g. here in The Netherlands, we have a high influx of Chinese students and PhD candidates. But nearly all of them return once they have a degree (a degree from a Western university usually gives them good positions in China). + There seems to be a widely spread belief in the US that the rest of the world is envious, and would preferably want to live in the US. I have been in the US very often, but I'd never want to live in the US permanently. Social welfare, healthcare, paid leaves, pensions, etc. are so much better arranged in West Europe. Companies like Google hire hundreds (thousands?) of developers per year, hiring policies at 37Signals are bound to be different from those at Google. If you have to weed out thousands of candidates, trying brainteasers to estimate their problem-solving capabilities doesn't seem to be a bad strategy. If a candidate is not familiar with a particular problem, his/her solution may be suboptimal, but the process of getting to that (suboptimal) solution may be a good indicator of the candidate's problem solving skills. Obviously, syntax-checking a candidate's on-paper Javascript code isn't going to help anyone. Linux hardware is a pain to hook up to HDTVs I would think this is oriented at device manufacturers. You would be surprised how many of them already use Linux in DVRs and media centers (e.g. our home DVR uses Linux, although it's not visible in any way). Except that there are fine high-level matrix libraries, optimization libraries, etc. for C/C++. I needed an parameter estimator for maximum entropy models that was efficient for training rankers (e.g. for parse disambiguation, fluency ranking, etc.), that also had good support for feature selection. I just used an off-the-shelf optimizer (liblbfgs), implemented calculation of the objective and gradients, plus various feature selection methods. Within no-time, we had an extremely fast estimator, that could also help answering my research question (what are the most discriminative features in our models). Let me push this point somewhat further: C is a very simple language. It's something that someone with a certain level of intelligence can fairly quickly pick up. There is also a wealth of excellent libraries available. The problem with 'use high-level, the compiler/interpreter will take care of it' is that those languages are either a lot more complex (Haskell, OCaml) or a lot slower (Python, Perl, Ruby). In the latter case, you will end up implementing modules in C anyway. It is? Out of curiosity, did you know about all the undefined behaviors described at Yes, those are familiar and described in every decent C introduction. Of course, that doesn't mean people do not make those mistakes. Let the compiler be pedantic. did you understand how your C compiler takes advantage of them before you wrote that statement? At the very least, is fairly easy to understand how the compiler optimizes correct code. In say, Haskell (which I do like a lot), you often have to resort to reading ghc's Cmm output to see why something is not optimized. Simple in the sense that it is a small language. There are not a lot of constructs, abstractions, etc. C lets you allocate blocks of memory, and perform operations on those blocks of memory. That's mostly it. In my experience, this very much maps to the problem domain (number crunching). If you want to do performant number crunching with most other languages, you have to not only grasp the language, but also the underlying virtual machine or compiler. The more layers you pile on top, the harder it becomes to identify bottlenecks. Sure, you can use fast implementations of common algorithms in a high-level language. But they are often written in C or C++. So, if you want to modify or extend such algorithms (which is likely, or you could just use an off-the-shelf program), you will end up in C-land anyway. Your definition of unreadable must then differ from mine: http://eigen.tuxfamily.org/dox/QuickRefPage.html Well, arguably, Apple upgraded Xcode, sorry your favorite interpreter/compiler broke, is even less fun. The C99 standard specifies that the stdlib.h header should be provided with amongst other things malloc()/free(). So, C99 provides heap allocation functions. Also, some people will argue that 'asking' an array on the stack is also allocation ;). Additionally, I think that Haskell really has to offer something over most other FP languages. Many features of dynamic impure FP languages have already been ported to languages such as Ruby or Python. What Haskell provides over, say Lisp, is exceptionally strong typing and isolation of side-effects. This is a quality that cannot be ported to mainstream languages easily. So, why didn't Haskell become more popular earlier? I think that's simple: the GHC compilers has improved tremendously over the past years, Hackage has grown considerably, and there are now more books oriented at practical programming. In The Netherlands an all-inclusive package starts at 37.50 Euro per month (20MBit DSL-only subscriptions are around 20 Euro per month). Extra bandwidth is also relatively cheap, I am on a 120/10 MBit [1] cable connection (with TV and telephone) for 67 Euro per month. There is also healthy competition, most ISPs offer comparable prices, except for one ISP (XS4All) who use their reputation from their glory years to overcharge royally. [1] In practice I usually get speeds between 120 and 130 MBit downstream. That's a nice trick. During meditation retreats, I often fell asleep during the first morning sessions. My teacher said that this was ok, but gave me comparable tip if I wanted to stay awake: meditate standing, when falling asleep, your body will always wake up in moments to stay balanced. We use Airdrop a lot for sharing large files over our local network, for that it works great, and is a lot more efficient than Dropbox. But I agree that it would be more useful if it's an open protocol. With respect to iCloud - it makes little sense to make it generally available. It's an free add-on (except iTunes Match) that ties you into 'the Apple platform'. If you and your applications use iCloud for synchronization, and it's limited to iOS and OS X, there is one more hoop to jump through if you want to switch to another platform. Whether Apple succeeds on that front, we have to see, and depends on things such as adoption by third-party application developers. Isn't this the point where 'the people' should not sit on their laurels, and launch a proposal to make a law that does exactly the opposite: protecting the digital rights of citizens? I am asking because (also in the EU) we are usually happy when some draconian law does not make it, but there's rarely an attempt to push for legislation that secures the rights of internet users. That's a good question. But such things go together with a certain lifestyle. For example, when you start having children, it becomes terribly hard to have such a lifestyle. Not only do they need toys and more clothes. But you will require a bigger house, a bigger house goes together with tools for fix stuff, etc. The question is whether you should define minimalism quantitatively or qualitatively. Isn't minimalism to buy what you need to lead a reasonable life, rather than a race to have the lowers number of possessions? The minimum number depends on so many factors: family size, illnesses, hobbies (some people require only a GPS for hiking, others need a climbing gear), etc. Are the public services so great? If you are unemployed, Harz IV, provides barely enough money to live a decent life (especially compared to other Western-European countries). Healthcare often distinguishes people who have private insurance (only accessible to public officers, self-employed, and employees earning more than 50,000 Euro) or public insurance. Germany also doesn't have a minimum wage. I think that should be the flip side but aside from 2009-2010 (the bulk of the recession), inflation has remained constant over the last ten years. While this may be true, technology has definitely become cheaper and more accessible. Eg. in my country, which is a Western economy, few people could afford computers in the 80ies, except maybe for the very low end (C64, MSX). Now many families have multiple laptops, smartphones, and maybe even a tablet. Also, fixed Internet connections used to be expensive, pay per minute. Nowadays, for 20 Euros per month you get an internet connection without data limits and plenty of bandwidth. Technology did become more accessible for the average family. And the impact is real: snail mail is almost killed, records stores have mostly disappeared, and next up are book stores. The price of e-mail is near-zero, iTunes music purchases are often cheaper than new physical albums (especially if you have to pay S&H fees), and Kindle ebooks are often cheaper than paper equivalents. What's wrong with admiring one for taste, and the other for (post-Microsoft) ethics? Why should we compare people to pick the 'best human'? You have to give Jobs credit for be a successful serial entrepreneur: Apple, Pixar, NeXT (debatable, but it sold for $429 million), and again Apple. First, grep requires specify intermediate characters. For instance, to match SublimeText, you need the regular expression 'S.*B', while in Sublime you could just type 'SB'. (Neither is better, they just serve different purposes.) Second, grep is not comparable, it's a different tool. For instance, if you would want to open the openCorpus function in the file MainWindow.cpp, in Sublime you'd just type "MWcp@opC", and you are there. While typing the pane and window dynamically update, allowing you to narrow down the 'search space' quickly. Grep is for searching for text strings in files in the shell or shell scripts. Sublime's Goto Anything is for searching files and symbols in a text editor. Edit: I like and use both vim and ST2, but neither grep, ctags, nor Peepopen provide the smooth experience of 'Goto Anything'. Of course, conversely vim also has many things to like over ST2 (such as modeful editing that is definitely better than ST2's Vintage). And figuring out why that still results in such a large binary delta is over my head. On OS X these binaries are fat binaries: $ file /usr/bin/true /usr/bin/true: Mach-O universal binary with 2 architectures /usr/bin/true (for architecture x86_64): Mach-O 64-bit executable x86_64 /usr/bin/true (for architecture i386): Mach-O executable i386 It is sad, but I cannot read this blog post. The Dutch equivalent of the RIAA/MPAA, named Brein, sued two of the major Dutch ISPs for not blocking access to The Pirate Bay. Brein won the court case, and the judge required these ISPs to block The Pirate Bay starting yesterday. Now I am met with this when visiting thepiratebay.se: http://imageshack.us/photo/my-images/838/blokkade.png/ Internet censorship is now real in The Netherlands Unfortunately, they are filtering traffic to The Pirate Bay's IP adresses as well. This was part of the verdict, they have to filter the list of IP addresses (hosting TPB) that Brein provides. Edit: I, as most other people here, are perfectly capable of setting up a tunnel. Most people outside these small confines aren't. They also filter traffic to TPB IP adresses. I am aware of the methods that can be used to circumvent such censorship. In fact, I could easily do it with my VPS. But that is all besides the point, because the average citizen does not have the technical knowledge to circumvent blockades. They were shut off from a part of the web yesterday. And this is probably just the beginning. It is blocked. Xs4all provides a list of DNS and IP address blocks: http://www.xs4all.nl/geblokkeerd/ Homebrew is great, but it's quite annoying that one day Apple decides to drop straight gcc from Xcode, making many Formulae uncompilable. Yes, you can install an older Xcode first, or use a 3rd party gcc build. But in Linux distributions such as Debian, they'd just keep 'deprecated' things around for some time No, it's not included anymore, though you might still have it as a result of upgrading from an older version of Xcode. More information is in the Homebrew issue: https://github.com/mxcl/homebrew/issues/6852 You do know that MacPorts installs plain gcc as a dependency for many packages? The problem facing people who intend to work with data that does not yet exist becomes one of feature selection: what data matters and how do we use it? For NLP tasks, does stemming matter? What about part-of-speech tagging? Indeed, I worked on machine learning in NLP (fluency ranking, parse disambiguation). As a general rule, roughly 90% of the improvement of models is in clever feature engineering and exploiting the underlying system to get more interesting information that improves classification, 10% you get from using more clever machine learning techniques than, say a standard maxent learner with a gaussian prior (for linearly separable data). For instance, the last relatively large boosts of the accuracy of the parser developed by our research group came from feature engineering: http://www.let.rug.nl/vannoord/papers/iwpt2007.pdf 'noremap' has no effect on insert mode. :help noremap I use both OS X and Ubuntu. In comparison, Ubuntu is terribly slow, even on basic things such as dragging and resizing windows, let alone graphically-intense applications. This is both with ATI's proprietary drivers and the opensource radeon driver. Things are a bit better if I don't use a compositing window manager. I am not sure who is to blame, X or the drivers. But most users won't care. They'll see that GNU/Linux has a bad desktop experience, and revert to whatever they were using. Cool! I may consider trying it again. Are the gcc or LLVM compilers up to date these days? If you’re using version control for your project, this often includes metadata in the .svn, .git, or .hg directories. This is dealt with easily enough by excluding (grep -v) Actually, some version control systems allow you to grep managed files specifically. E.g. in Git using git grep , including specific commits, branches, etc. Tim Pope's Fugitive git plugin for vim also does this (:Ggrep), and puts results on the quickfix list. The guy was revolutionary on many fronts. He proposed digital music distribution via subscription services decades ago: http://www.zappa.com/whatsnew/news/FZ-Proposal/index.html As a follow-up to: http://news.ycombinator.com/item?id=3606600 True, but the linked FAQ is very informative for anyone involved in open source software development, or software development in general: http://www.debian.org/reports/patent-faq There's plenty of older music that is not available on CD anymore (or has never been), but can be purchased via iTunes. To give an example: most of Sam Rivers' albums. Or Old and New Dreams (ECM). It's actually more insightful to see the full type signature: (>>=) :: Monad m => m a -> (a -> m b) -> m b So, >>= is a function that takes: - A value a in a monadic type m - A function (a -> m b): a function that takes a value a and returns a value b wrapped in the monadic type m . And it returns: - A value b wrapped in the monadic type m . It helps to look at the definition of (>>=) for a particular monad. The article mostly discusses computations that can fail (None vs an object in Python). The corresponding Haskell monads are Maybe and Either . The signature for (>>=) in the Maybe monad is: (>>=) :: Maybe a -> (a -> Maybe b) -> Maybe b What the grandparent points out is that a monad defines a structure (how to combine expressions that result in wrapped values), but not semantics. The semantics are defined in the definition of a particular monad. E.g. the Maybe monad models failure in computation, while a monad such as MonadRandom does something different altogether (providing random numbers, while threading the state of the random number generator). Except that 'Hello, I am a sexy bear' is generally not used to indicate failure in Python, while None often is. Edit: strange downvoting here :/. The parent has a point in the sense that None is just another object in Python. However, it's a singleton with a special meaning (by convention). Consequently, the parent used a false analogy. It is not only cleaner, it is also safer. In Python you have to add checks explicitly, or your program may try to execute a method on None . When using the Maybe or Either monad in Haskell, failure is always handled. Say that you have a sequence of three functions that return a Maybe value: do b Now, suppose that in a particular case f a returns Nothing , then the whole do-expression will evaluate to Nothing and g Nothing is never evaluated. Failure monads do not only add cleanliness, but also safety. That's a fair point. On some level a try block resembles a monad that encapsulates success/failure. However, it is not general, e.g. it does not provide a solution if you want to chain computations where returning None/Nothing is valid (e.g. a Map lookup in Haskell). The nice thing about monads is that it provides an abstraction on sequences of computations, involving failure, error, state, effects, etc. Though, it can get ugly at times when you want to use multiple monads simultaneously (via monad transformers). It's true that most natural languages cannot be parsed with a CFG, but he gives the wrong example. In fact, the language of the grammar that he describes can perfectly be generated by a CFG. E.g. for a rule such as: sentence --> noun_phrase(Num), verb_phrase(Num). You could create the CFG equivalent: sentence --> noun_phrase_sg, verb_phrase_sg. sentence --> noun_phrase_pl, verb_phrase_pl. It sure is a drag, but this is how many CFG grammars/parsers work. Of course, it's generally agreed upon that DCGs generalize better even when used with grammars that can be described with a CFG. Most natural languages are not context-free, but he gives the wrong example. To provide a more convincing example - in Dutch you can construct phrases like: dat ik Marie Jan de dozen zie helpen inpakken (lit: that I Marie Jan the boxes see helping packing ) The NPs and the verbs correspond in the following manner: ik - zie, Marie - helpen, Jan - Inpakken. Or, more formally, the structure is: np_a np_b np_c np_x v_a v_b v_c. Of course, this highly resembles a COPY language, which cannot be expressed using a CFG, but (obviously!) can be expressed using a DCG: s(L) --> w(L), w(L) w([a|Rst]) --> [a], w(Rst). w([b|Rst]) --> [b], w(Rst). w([]) --> [] (This grammar parses/generates a string of zero or more a's and b's, followed by exactly the same string.) Indeed, we are a Linode customer, and this message only helps a bit. Yes, I know now that we are not affected. But little other information is given: were the user accounts compromised by a vulnerability in Linode's VM management software? If so, was this vulnerability found and fixed? Or did the attacker compromise the account of one of Linode's employees? Ok, I missed the earlier statement. Thanks for the information! That's why password managers are so useful. For every service a user can use a different strong password, but for the user there is only one password. Of course, password managers have their weaknesses (a compromised system will often give access to all accounts, rather than just a few), but it is far more secure than having people using the same trivial password for every service. I once wrote this introduction to UNIX (which is unfortunately not complete, I lost the DocBook sources), that also provides an introduction to text manipulation. http://danieldk.eu/Writings/unixsystems.pdf Go is designed for large codebases, which is a problem that the author may not have, and so he may not see the benefits. Aren't most serious languages designed for large code bases? (and compile faster than anything else), So, why not invest in incremental compilation for an existing language? E.g. the ECJ compiler for Java has done wonders in terms of immediate feedback while developing. clang aims to do the same for C code and slowly makes editors and IDEs more effective. Anyway, don't take this to mean that you're doing software wrong if you don't see the value of Go. I fully agree with the author, on the one hand Go does not provide the performance of C or C++, on the other hand it nearly no useful new abstractions to manage complexity. Languages such as Haskell, OCaml, F# or even D provide a better type system and have similar or better performance. Google is a special case Out of curiosity: how much is Go used in Google? What percentage of new projects use Go compared to e.g. Java or C++? SQL isn't, and if it's not a serious language, what is? Perl and PHP are what the web app layer was originally built on, and they seem to be designed to maximize developer efficiency for small projects. I intentionally said most , since, obviously there are serious domain-specific languages. But stating that Go is designed for large code bases, creates a false dichotomy. Go has the advantage of being designed for the kind of thing Google does - massive concurrency. So, claims the C fan since there's GCD, so claims the Erlang/Scala fan since it has actors, so claims the Haskell fan since it has green threads, STM, and purity. Also, is Google interested in massive concurrency or parallelism? It's also like C, which make it easier to find good programmers who are confortable with it. Actually, you'd be hard pressed to find good programmers who are uncomfortable with a language that's nearly C. That's a good point. But as a result it provides only a marginally better type system, at the cost of performance compared to C. Why not make it a lot better than C, with the same performance? Definitely. I am anxious to see how much C++11's extern template will improve compilation time, when it will be used by large libraries. Of course it's still a horrible kludge. But the reality is that C++ exists and is widely used ;). true , but it's only recently that there has been so much good development software available for free. I absolutely disagree. When I was 12 (in 1994) I became interested in Linux because it had so many development tools available. I thought computers and programs were magical, and Linux/bash/Perl/gcc et al. made it possible for me to learn programming. And Slackware Linux could be obtained for 10 guilders or less. My generation became hackers through GNU and Linux, just as the generation before used MSX, C64, or a ZX machine with a free BASIC interpreter. IMO, the sickening development is not so much that Mac and iOS developer accounts cost $99 per year. It's that the world (Apple and Microsoft) is slowly moving to a model where there is a gatekeeper who decides what gets in and what does not. As a bonus the gatekeeper gets 30% of every purchase. I can sympathize with the need to provide a 'trusted' source of software, but it should also be possible to install whatever the heck you like. What would the Internet be if it followed this model? I hadn't used Linux in 1994, my first experiences with it were ~1998 but I remember that getting it to install and work correctly with my hardware as well as getting X to work was no mean feat. X was no worry - our machine only had 4 MB of RAM, so I was practically forced to use pseudo-terminals. The learning curve for Linux distributions was not that steep. Slackware, especially in those days, was orders of magnitude less complex than current distributions. I picked up a cheap bargain UNIX book, which was enough to get started. Even at the point you had installed it , you would be compiling binaries with GCC that would have targetted Linux/glibc etc so you wouldn't have been able to share many of your creations Well, sharing my creations with the world wasn't very much possible anyway, since we had no internet connection. Besides that, for me the magic was in creating a program. Besides that, your comment is factually incorrect, since a DOS port of gcc was fairly quickly available (DJGPP). In fact, IIRC Id Software's Quake was later compiled with it. I'm not sure what the best compromise between having a "trusted" source of software is and being able to install what you want. Me neither. I see how it is beneficial for some family members and friends to have a controlled software ecosystem. Also, App stores improved usability a lot. On the other hand, if kids only get their hands on devices that are controlled completely by corporations, how will the next generation of hackers learn? Actually, browsing that entry paints a bleaker picture. Of the five most recent testing reports, two are gold, one silver, one bronze, one garbage. According to the bronze report: The text tool causes the entire application to freeze (even with atmlib installed). The paintbrush works only very intermittently. Moving and docking panels was buggy, and the bluish docking indicators instead rendered as black rectangles making it impossible to see. and: What was not tested: Vector manipulations, filters, adjustment layers. It's fine for playing with Photoshop on Linux a bit, but not something you'd want to rely on for your business. I guess a virtual machine with Windows is still the most viable solution. But, most FP languages have only recently started gaining real traction outside academia. There are some great tools written in e.g. Haskell: pandoc (a document converter), Hakyll (a static site generator), Darcs (version management), xmonad (an X11 window manager), git-annex, and multiple web frameworks (Yesod, Snap, Happstack). In recent years, some important foundational libraries have been developed (bytestring, text, vector, repa, conduit/enumerator, etc.). I can imagine that it's pretty much the same in OCaml and F#. http://www.trouw.nl/tr/nl/5133/Media-technologie/article/det... Google Translate should do a decent job ;). By the way, the real name of the guy is 'Floris Kaayk'. Which is not surprising, since the guy has been on an anti-Apple crusade for years now. As usual, there is not much substance to his rants. I would rather like to see a real review that takes both laptops apart, compares the quality of components, benchmarks both laptops properly, etc. Without a proper comparison this is not more newsworthy than a comment... Ehm, I have been using Terminal.app on OS X for years now, and probably use it > 50% of my time daily (yay for REPLs), and I never really encountered any problem. The last thing I remember was that in OS X 10.5 I had to change some locale option to have UTF-8 working properly. But that's it. Could you give examples where Terminal.app fails? It's an in-game CPU of Notch' (creator of Minecraft) new MMO: http://0x10c.com/doc/dcpu-16.txt http://0x10c.com/ Since the DCPU-16 spec has only been announced recently, there is currently a surge in interest. For me it's simple: my non-techie friends do not have blogs, provide RSS feeds, send a lot of e-mails, or hang out on Jabber/Google Chat. Second, you could reasonably call and meet your best friends face-to-face regularly, but doing that would be unmanageable for the wider group of friends. Or in other words, I use Facebook to keep track of / stay in touch with friends (efficiently). I dislike Facebook's policies and apps as much as the next person here, but unfortunately, Facebook is the place where the majority of people are compared to other networks. Eclipse has a built-in incremental compiler (ecj), that is used to continuously give feedback. I wouldn't really call this a "move away from C++", necessarily. The Qt developers have said that the traditional widgets have practically been put in maintenance mode, and that all development will be in Qt Quick's dynamic interfaces (QML is part of Quick). The problem, however, is that Qt has no foothold in mobile devices. That window of opportunity has closed when Nokia switched to Windows Phone 7 and ditch Maemo/Meego. And on the desktop... if I want web-ish interfaces, why wouldn't I just target the browser? There is a huge community of users that uses Qt to just write (and maintain) desktop applications. Qt Quick sucks for that. Besides that, you cannot expect huge existing applications to switch to Quick. For those users, the future of Qt seems bleak: it's not in the hands of a company that caters to that audience (Trolltech's primary source of income was Qt, Nokia's is cell phones) and development pace is glacial. Three notes: 1. The SafeInt class helps detecting integer overflows: http://safeint.codeplex.com/ Also, most SafeInt binary operators do not allow for mixing of SafeInts for different integer types. 2. Valgrind helps with detecting use of uninitialized memory. 3. A (rather ugly) solution to prevent accidental use of = rather than == when a constant expression is used, is to make the constant expression the first operand. E.g.: if (0 = x) // fail! As elegant and appealing as Haskell's purely functional foundation is, it prohibits simple, but crucial, impure tasks such as writing to files and communicating over networks. [...] but they make it neither intuitive nor easy. Actually, such tasks have become much simpler thanks to the recent surge of packages such as conduit. These make typical I/O work easy, and very much resemble a UNIX pipe. You have a pure or impure source that produces data (e.g. reading a file), conduits that manipulate data, and sinks that consume data (e.g. writing data to a file, or storing it in a list). In fact, I have started to like conduit so much, that I/O in other languages feels quite kludgy. If you wish to debug a function in Haskell you can't insert a printf to inspect its inner workings unless that function happens to be on the IO monad. Actually, you can, using Debug.Trace.trace, which takes a String and an expression. The string is first printed, then the expression is evaluated. No need to be in the IO monad: http://www.haskell.org/haskellwiki/Debugging#Printf_and_frie... After a frustrutating hour with my Haskell version I was still struggling to understand the monadic API required to work with the XML parser and I gave up. I had to parse some XML data and used hexpat-pickle. Once you get the hang of it, it is pretty simple. But I agree that there is a learning curve involved. With such tasks, it usually takes longer to come up with an initial Haskell solution. But then that solution is usually very clean and elegant. If you have to write something quickly, it is not ideal, but often the things that we wrote quickly end up being used for years anyhow ;). By the way, my experience is exactly the opposite. I wrote some code in Clojure (which I do like very much, since it manages to leverage the Java platform while staying very clean). But I noticed that my productivity dropped - lots of things that Haskell detected through static type checking I had to verify myself by hand and write tests for. FWIW, since I only really have experience with Snap: When comparing to Ruby frameworks, you could roughly say that Snap is to Yesod what Sinatra is to Rails. Snap is relatively simple and as such easy to fully understand. But since it is a relatively simple framework, you have to mix and match other packages to get the functionality that you want. Yesod on the other hand is very elaborate - it contains a lot of functionality and relies fairly heavily on the use of Template Haskell and Quasi-Quoting. As with Ruby and Sinatra, it is mostly a matter of taste. Some people prefer lightweight frameworks and add the components they need, while others like to do things within one well-integrated framework. Could you please use arguments, rather than fallacies? I already said that I primarily have experience with Snap. But I did research both Snap and Yesod before using Snap. Or from the horse's mouth: Snap: "Snap is a simple web development framework for unix systems, written in the Haskell programming language. " Source: http://snapframework.com/ The Yesod book: "The Haskell community is constantly pushing the boundaries finding the cleanest, most efficient solutions for each challenge. The downside of such a powerful ecosystem is the complexity of choice. By using Yesod, you will already have most of the tools chosen for you, and you can be guaranteed they work together." Source: http://www.yesodweb.com/ Can you show numbers? E.g. number/size of deployments, community size in terms of contributors and mailing list subscribers? How many other packages are dependent on the frameworks? (E.g. Hakyll uses Snap, gitit uses happstack). Those are objective measures , but without measurements they say nothing. This is so cool, that I think you'd get plenty of funding to further develop this via a Kickstarter project. Right. And Apple provided paying MobileMe customers with 25GB of storage for free the first year. However, with the lack of an iDisk replacement, it's pretty hard to use up that space. In other words, that what we did get, is pretty useless. If you're really worried about the safety of your Gmail account, maybe it's time to consider moving your email somewhere else. Sure, you can back your email up, but if your account is suspended you'll still lose access to your address. Or: use Google Apps for Domains, so that you can easily switch to another mail service when necessary, and have one machine make a backup with offlineimap. Indeed. From our own experience: we use pretty much off-the-shelf maximum entropy parameter estimators for parse disambiguation and fluency ranking. In the past ~10 years most of the gain has come from smart feature engineering by using linguistic insights, analyzing common classes of classification errors, etc. Beyond l1 or l2 regularization, the use of (even) more sophisticated machine learning algorithms/techniques have not yet given much, if any, improvement for these tasks in our system. What did help in understanding models is the application of newer feature selection techniques that give a ranked list of features, such as grafting. It's not only lookalikes that plague Amazon, but also counterfeit products. E.g. my girlfriend once bought a Playstation 3 controller from the Amazon marketplace. When it arrived, it looked virtually identical to the controller that came with the PS3. I did notice that the quality seemed a bit worse, but assumed that Sony opted for cheaper production. Fast forward a few months, and suddenly the controller stops working. After checking some websites, we found out that Sony disabled some series of counterfeit controllers. Luckily, Amazon refunded the money. But it is still a nuisance. The post is (too) light on information, but I don't dismiss it immediately. Perry Metzger was very much involved with NetBSD (maybe he still is) as a developer. He might know a thing or two about memory management ;). I have the same experience: my MBP with 8GB RAM and SSD is pretty fast running Lion. But my two-year old Mac Mini at work with 4GB and platter disk runs terribly slow ever since I did a clean Lion install. Doesn't the latter void warranty? I don't see why this was downvoted. There are probably still many applications in the wild that use Objective-C 2 garbage collection. The garbage collector scans the stack and global memory for references, and recursively follows strong references to find out which objects are in the reachable set. This may touch a lot of memory pages that were paged out. So, even if the garbage collection algorithm does not require application to be in physical RAM, probably many pages will faulted to physical RAM as a part of garbage collection. A slightly more recent benchmark: http://www.yesodweb.com/blog/2011/03/preliminary-warp-cross-... Also includes Yesod and Warp. The most common and impactful source of problems or bugs are ones of misconception, not TypeErrors, therefore anything that lets you iterate faster or get something out the door quicker is desirable. (I heard him say something to that effect in a talk) He must have a typechecker in his head ;). My experience with learning Clojure (knowing Haskell) is that I constantly bumped into bugs where I thought "Haskell's type checker would have caught this". Usually, when I write new functions in Haskell, I write down the type signatures first. This helps catching many errors. For instance, if your type signature is: f :: Integral n => [a] -> n You can not accidentally apply a function (in f) to f's argument that assumes a list of lists, or return something that is not an integral number. This cuts both ways: strongly encoding semantics using the type system catches many potential bugs in functions, but it also provides guarantees to the caller of a function. For instance, I know for sure that f does not return a 0/nil/None pointer, I know that the number is exact (since it is integral), etc. Except that services like Twitter are used massively in the real world and do use Scala. They are both languages in the tails, although different tails: Scala currently only has early adopters, Cobol is mostly used in systems that are in maintenance model. Scala has the potential to get a bigger slice of the pie, while Cobol's glory days are past. I did use xmonad on OS X a lot, and I liked it. Since I live mostly in terminal emulators and vim, tiling for X11 applications was plenty enough. So, I ran X11 with xmonad fixed to a specific desktop (as OS X allows you to specify that an application should always run on a particular desktop). I used the other desktops for Cocoa applications (without tiling). Unfortunately, Lion switched to Mission Control, and I didn't revive that setup yet. It should be easy to do, since Lion now provides an option to prevent Mission Control to sort desktops by usage. I'm in The Netherlands, have a 40 hour work week, more than 30 days of paid leave, plus extra days when I move/marry/etc. It's pretty common in Western Europe. And it's not as if we have less welfare, healthcare, worse education, low productivity, or an instable economy. In fact, in pretty much all rankings Western European countries are doing fine. Unfortunately, government policies that make such thinks possible are called 'socialist' on the other side of the pond. For correctness: I think you mean 'Gil Evans'? No; Bill Evans and Gil Evans are two different people I know. But the parent said: You can even say "Kind of Blue" is a Evans' LP by how much his influence on composition and arrangement is strong, And Gil Evans did the arrangements on two of Miles' influential albums that preceded Kind of Blue , namely Miles Ahead and Porgy and Bess . One would guess that this is done by Adobe to push paying customers to use the new subscription program: http://www.adobe.com/products/photoshop/buying-guide-subscri... The marketing ploy will probably be that with a subscription you will always have the latest, secure, version. Doesn't this introduce ambiguity? How do you represent list of 'tuple lists'? And if you used gzip on a file, is has some overhead (the 10-byte gzip header) and a freshly initialized deflate state. Usually, compression improves when more data is seen, since the dynamic Huffman tree improves and there are more blocks for LZ77 to backreference. In some countries (I don't know about Germany) it is not the same as 'fair use'. E.g. in The Netherlands the result of these levies is that you can legally download music and movies from Usenet for personal use, without purchasing an original copy. However, you are not allowed to upload music or movies. This was a direct translation of how the law worked before: I could not make a copy of an album for you, but you could borrow it from me, make a copy, and return the original to me. Were in they right place at the right time, or did they mold the future to such an extreme, that in hindsight it seems as if they were in the right place at the right time? Why would one need to, GHC can already compile Haskell/Core to C? But as you say, it's not a violation of Apple's terms anymore. Indeed. I did this with one program: I wrote some number crunching code in Haskell, and exposed some functions to C via the FFI. Then I wrote the user interface in Cocoa/Objective-C. The primary thing that requires some though is how to pass data between C and Haskell. You usually end up marshaling/unmarshaling some structs: http://www.haskell.org/haskellwiki/FFICookBook#Working_with_... Fortunately, GHC can build shared libraries on some platforms, which makes it fairly easy to expose Haskell functions to C: - Using the FFI one can specify foreign exports. - The runtime and garbage collector can be initialized/deinitialized by adding an object file that uses gcc's constructor/destructor attributes. - Multiple calls to hs_init (one for each library) are allowed, as long as they are balanced by hs_exits. - It's ok to have multiple root modules. Do you have a write up about this anywhere? I used the following references: http://www.haskell.org/ghc/docs/7.4.1/html/users_guide/ffi-g... http://weblog.haskell.cz/pivnik/building-a-shared-library-in... I have just put up a small-ish example using my approx-rand-test package (which implements approximate randomization tests): https://github.com/danieldk/haskell-library-example/ Is the gain rom Haskell worth the impedance mismatch of cross communication? I guess it depends on how much you love Haskell ;), and the usage scenario. I think using Haskell's FFI in this direction is especially attractive if you prefer to write most code in Haskell, but need some functionality that does not map naturally to a pure functional language (such as GUIs in Cocoa). If you want to mix a lot of imperative and functional code seamlessly, F#/C# or Scala/Java are probably better options. From what I heard, it's possible to run Android apps on Ubuntu for Android: http://www.omgubuntu.co.uk/2012/02/ubuntu-for-android-announ... The fact that they run in a special window suggests that the applications actually run in Android, but that they are composited in/on the Linux desktop. Thanks what's the size like? The last time I built a Haskell application it was quite large. 4969KB with the runtime and package dependencies linked in the dynamic library (Darwin, 64-bit). Since I do not have dynamic libraries of its dependencies installed, I cannot quickly try a completely dynamic version... interestingly Wp7 is by far the easiest mobile to get a good functional language running on. I purchased a Windows Phone last week (iOS user here) to see how it works, and I am surprised how good the integration is. Price. I bought a Nokia Lumia 710 just to try it - it was 205 Euro. For that I get a phone that feels fast and runs the now-current version of Windows Phone. In the UK you can buy a Lumia 710 with a prepaid SIM for 99 pounds . At the same price level I get a Samsung Galaxy Mini 2 with Android 2.3 (an operating system from 2010). tl;dr, Thanks to good software engineering and lower specs, you get a phone that is completely up-to-date software wise at a great price point. http://www.intomobile.com/2012/06/04/uk-nokia-lumia-710-now-... Why? I have been using a Mac since 2007. So far, I haven't seen anything spectacular in this keynote except for the retina display. But $2199 (probably 2199 Euro in Europe) is a steep price. Edit: Given the lack of real interesting updates in OS X since Leopard and recent iOS versions, I am actually quite interested in Windows 8 and Windows Phone after ~18 years of using Unix-like operating systems and ~5.5 years a Mac. I used Aperture and Keynote a lot, and I liked them. But Aperture has gone down the drain - there were lots of regressions of Raw support for various camera's (search the discussions forum for plenty of examples). Also, it has become slow, the interface regularly freezes, and feature-wise the gap with Lightroom widened (e.g. denoising in Lightroom is far and far better). Since Apple didn't seem to care, I switched to Lightroom. Keynote was and is a great presentation application. But PowerPoint 2008 surpassed it, PowerPoint 2011 even more. The only major feature missing from Powerpoint is magic move. Other than that, PowerPoint has better table and chart tools, better graphics, and at the very least adjusts font sizes automatically when necessary. Maybe, but did it need to do that since the Euro was introduced? The crazy USD-Euro price differences have persisted since the Euro was introduced. Apple is not the only offender, by the way. In Europe you are forced to give your customer 2 years of warranty on certain products. E.g. computer hardware or electronics. To be honest, one would hope that a warranty term of 2 years would force manufacturers to make their products more reliable, rather than keeping the quality constant and increasing the price. But, in an industry where it is normal to deprecate products in two years now (hi, iPad 1), I guess that's too much to ask. I am sorry for our planet.