Remember this is the SECOND time it has happened. Before it was the widespread hacking that resulted in Bitcoins being stolen. And users were never told exactly what happened and what was done about it. People have every right to expect the worse with a company with a track record as poor as Linodes. Sorry but having passwords in plaintext is not a "goofup". It is completely and utterly inexcusable. Storing passwords in clear text is definitely not normal. Also the social engineering implications could be huge. Many people use the same password across various sites so in theory there could be a lot of compromised email accounts. Which could then mean compromised internet banking sites, trading sites etc. I don't understand where you are coming from here. Why do you think companies can only do one thing at a time ? And where have you worked where software engineers are drafting press releases or conducting security audits ? And why shouldn't keeping customers (who have their own apps) informed be their top priority ? I am a former customer who was burned the last time they were hacked and were less than truthful. Now it has happened again and nothing has changed. Clearly non existent security audits (cleartext passwords ?) and still lots of unanswered questions. It should be crystal clear by now that Linode is fundamentally untrustworthy. No. Because Linode has been hacked before and exactly the same situation is playing out. Major compromise and selective release of information. I really do wonder at what point people are going to realise that they aren't dealing with a company who cares about their interests. > Google’s YouTube and Google Display Network have data on how a billion people prefer to spend their time. Have to disagree with you on that one. I doubt many people would subscribe to the notion that what they watch on YouTube is a reflection of how they like to spend their time. YouTube for many is nothing more than modern day trash TV. No I don't. You know why ? Because it never happened. This is very common place and I don't think there is anything wrong with it. What is unacceptable though is deliberately trashing your opponents. > This is coming from the perspective of a software engineer with 15 years of experience. Which makes your opinion actually LESS relevant and interesting. I would care more if this was written by a 50 year old father of two or a 14 year old girl. Those are the people you don't hear much from and whose buying decisions actually matter. Really Apple hasn't given enough support for web standards ? Because I wonder where the world would be today without WebKit. Because it is about more than the algorithm. Developers shouldn't have to spend $100K to get into the top 10 of an App Store. For whatever reason. That is money that Apple would much rather see dedicated to making better apps. There's nothing amazing about Linode's pricing and absolutely not worth the security risk and lack of transparency. Their support is terrible when you have a real problem and non existent during an incident. Go does't have 1/100000 the amount of libraries and support that Ruby or C does. Option A only seems simpler because you ignore the time/complexity in coding the task at hand. Yes. Nearly 20 years ago. But don't worry the JVM can save you. http://code.google.com/p/jgo/ Because I am being realistic. Ruby, C, Java etc have had decades to build a comprehensive set of developer libraries. Go hasn't. It's a "cute" platform that I am sure will beat Ruby in a few benchmarks. But I don't see any reason why anyone would seriously consider it for a real world app. I don't think you understand what you're even saying. Hearsay is information you've obtained from a third person i.e. not directly witnessed. The reporter directly witnessed a sudden spike in voting on the Disqus forum. He directly witnessed an articulate post being heavily downvoted. He was not complaining that there was anti-Apple sentiment on the internet. He was complaining it was happening specifically on his site. And had the appearance of being coordinated. The difference is that the reporter witnessed what appeared to be a coordinated effort to downvote the anti-Samsung posts. The hilarity of all of this is that the current product pipeline was signed off by Steve Jobs whilst he was alive. And the same people (except for Forstall) are still there plugging away. But that said Apple just needs to follow the iPod strategy for the iPhone/iPad and they will continue to pour in the cash. By that I mean products at lower price points but still maintaining the same premium aesthetic. Also I would stake my life that Apple WILL release a TV. But it will be 4K and coincide with a "H.265 across the company" strategy. Wow. I didn't realise just how incompetent Linode actually is. Not only terrible security at a coding level but completely non existent audits. I wonder what they were after if not money. What are people hosting ? You're still using Linode ? Why ? http://turtle.dereferenced.org/~nenolod/linode/linode-abridg... Based on what we've seen before I wouldn't give Linode the benefit of the doubt. The password is most likely cracked by now. Anything but Linode. People REALLY need to stop recommending them. When it comes to GAE it really doesn't seem like Google's heart is in it. Which given their history is a bad, bad sign. Why stop at currencies ? Are we now going to have evernote, dropbox, flickr etc ? Do you actually think the NFL is going to place a sharp-edged cube of perspex 1 inch from a player's eye ? Because that sounds far-fetched to say the least. Likewise I can't imagine anyone seriously using the fragile, expensive Glass instead of something a bit more rugged. How do you think Apple makes its products ? Magic ? They have to communicate and partner with lots of suppliers from small to large around the world. They also have content partnerships with Twitter, Yahoo, Facebook, Tom Tom, Yelp etc. And the there is the huge array of media partnerships in the iTunes Store. Seems like a LOT of partnerships actually. Actually maps is getting better organically. It surpasses Google Maps in a number of cities and being vector has a much better overall experience. The cloud services should be split. iTunes Music Store has been pretty rock solid since its inception. It's really iCloud Sync and the Mail features that need work. As was said on the Kickstarter page, he could. But then again he would potentially lose final cut, character choice, location choice etc. Return business class flights in Australia to Los Angeles can be at least $15K. If you are going to WWDC to just watch the lectures then you are missing the point. The point is to have Apple engineers look at your code, ask questions of the presenters, give feedback to Apple execs, network with fellow developers, attend the various BOFs etc. The most interesting part of WWDC is going to be seeing whether the SDKs for iOS and OSX unify. If developers can have one code base and deploy to all the Apple products (AppleTV, Mac, iPad, iPhone) it could be a real game changer for the whole industry i.e. the first multi-device platform war. I assume MS is thinking the same way (XBox, Windows, Windows Phone) with their recent moves as well as Ubuntu. I am guessing a bold, colourful change to the UI for both iOS/OSX. Something like this: http://cdn.cultofmac.com/wp-content/uploads/2012/10/calendar... Given that Ive is now in charge of UX as well he will want/need to differentiate himself from Forstall. And iOS/OSX are definitely due for a major overhaul. I disagree: If they did spread FUD they would be widely considered to be out of touch by the IT crowd. The same crowd they need to be incorporating the Paypal APIs into their apps. Sure. You could have a scaleable/responsive UI, separate layouts for each platform i.e. xibs or completely separate interfaces. But you would still need that common SDK. It looks that everyone is working to that goal. But no one is sure yet. But then the point could be made that those thousands of people on Kickstarter would be advocates or "net promoters" for the movie. Exactly. I was in North Korea early this year and even in the rural outskirts it isn't comparable to the poverty you see in Africa. I guess Africa just isn't interesting enough. So true. Maven is the PostgreSQL of build tools. What type of deluded nonsense is this ? Since when did adoption by the US government decide who will win the mobile platform 'war'. And I was under the impression that Apps 4 Army was built for iOS first. Does that mean iOS will now 'win' ? I've never understood this "don't obsess about performance at the start" rule. Is it really that much of a problem spending a few extra hours prototyping different solutions and factoring in performance from the start. Why wouldn't I pick Vertx over Play if it 2-3x faster with similar productivity. That's money not spend on VPSs that can be used for marketing. Likewise why wouldn't I look at a binary serialization format if it means my iPhone app starts up 5 seconds quicker. Users decide whether or not your app is worth keeping in those few seconds of starting the app. Why not spend time trying to keep them ? Or as great as PostgreSQL is for single server deployment why wouldn't I look at something easier to manage, trivial to scale and a more agile schema like a DynamoDB, MongoHQ, Cassandra. Especially if I am a single person startup. I understand about premature optimisation but it seems to make a lot more sense to properly consider your architecture from the start rather than deferring it. Or did we all forget Digg v4 ? Right. So then the mantra should be "pick the technology stack you know best" as opposed to "don't obsess about performance". They aren't the same thing. Actually an Engineer should be reserved for those who actually have an Engineering degree. It is a professional designation akin to a Doctor, Lawyer etc. Are these 'features' not available in the US ? Because they are standard here in Australia/NZ and IIRC the UK. Almost every major service center will loan you a car and provide a valet service. And the Annual Service Contract is typically thought of as a 'lock you in' scam to prevent you from getting cheaper servicing through third parties. I don't really see a lot of innovation here. I would like to see the car notify Telsa of a specific component fault then they come out to house/work and fix it on the spot. Or do servicing at night time and on weekends. I don't think it'll be too different from pulling out your phone from a politeness standpoint. This is the point a lot of Glass proponents don't seem to get. They assume that not paying attention to you whilst looking at your face is somehow more polite than looking at your phone. It's not. I suspect that over time Glass will become like Bluetooth earpieces. Perfect for use alone but a faux pas around other people. It is looking away that breaks conversations, not doing something else. You ARE looking away. And depending on how many messages you receive it could be just as irritating to the person(s) you're with as constantly checking your phone. Least of all the constant doubt about whether your conversation is being recorded or not. I am not disputing their unquestionable usefulness I just have doubts they will be acceptable in most social situations. For all we know it could be happening to lots of people. But they aren't tech journalists so we don't know about it. Are you arguing that truth doesn't have the potential ? If so. Care to upload photos of your passport, credit card and social security documentation ? Do you not have a sat nav ? I take it you didn't read past the first few paragraphs. Weird. I just downloaded the iOS app and it is useless to me. It has a Weather card which is terribly inaccurate and nothing else. So there is one area that Siri definitely beats Google Now and that is usability from day one. It is an important criteria for a mobile app. Silly guy. There is more to Scala than just the language. It is the JVM platform with its decades of features and hundreds of thousands of libraries. I personally don't understand the point of Go. If Google wasn't using it then it would have been forgotten by now. I could easily see Node persisting for years to come solely based on the "run Javascript on client or server" feature. It is pretty compelling and for new developers why wouldn't you just learn Javascript and skip the server-side languages. Of course types and structures are useful but why do I need it in my database as well as in my app ? That's one reason databases like MongoDB have become popular because you can deal exclusively with your domain model and treat the database like an object store. So you still have everything structured but not have to worry about annoying migrations. I have unit tests around my domain model so just as confident as I would be if I was using an ORM library. With the advantage of course of not having to worry about yet another library to manage especially working on mainly Java apps. And like many are doing these days I do all my joins in my app so that I have the flexibility of moving objects into more appropriate storage mediums e.g. Redis or Solr without major refactoring. I am not dismissing the benefits of having business rules in the database only that they aren't always necessary. I would guess that 95% of databases in use today aren't. I currently work at one now. But large, non-tech sector companies make up what 5% of the total number of businesses today ? And even then more and more systems are integrating via internal APIs or MQs rather than directly to the database. I don't know if you've ever travelled but very often withdrawals from an ATM will be processed without the balance of the user being known at that time. It's why your bank account can go into negative territory. Here is the question and results: http://news.sky.com/story/1084991/britons-trust-google-as-mu... As you can see any conclusions you can draw about Google are pointless since it was specifically benchmarked against politicians, banks etc which are universally disliked. It is obviously a broad based study. So here are a few of the other questions: http://www.mirror.co.uk/money/personal-finance/future-britai... After being bitten the first time with Linode I don't care what technical measures they are taking. I want to know what process and policy changes have been made. Do they still store public/private keys on the same server ? How often are they doing security audits (which clearly never happened before) ? Are they still going to be dodgy and withhold key information from their users ? Are users still going to find out hackings from IRC/Reddit rather than Linode itself ? Two factor authentication would have done NOTHING to prevent both hacking attempts. it would not be secure enough for a service storing bitcoins Linode was hacked twice (once where Bitcoins were stolen) in recent times and was shown to have the worst security practices I've ever seen. They have never been secure enough for storing Bitcoins. Make a change, restart the server, wait 5s, see if it works/check debug output. Look at JRebel, Play or Nailgun. Most of us aren't waiting 5 seconds before checking output. We just refresh the browser. Do they think their customers are stupid and will forget the incident? Yes. They have done it before and people on here still recommend them with a straight face. It honestly confuses me that people care so little about security. It sounds dreadful. I would much rather they be using a tablet so they can be 110% sure that the symptoms and diagnoses are clearly articulated. Having them rushed across a tiny screen or read out sounds like a disaster waiting to happen. Devices like Glass should only be used for small, simple problems where a wrong answer isn't going to result in someone dying. We don't yet know what the specifications of the consumer Glass will be. It could have digital/optical zoom in the camera. Also a program could be written to recognise a person's fingers and make statistical assumptions about the keys they would be most likely to press. But I think the ATM argument is moot anyway. Far easier to skim the card or simply rob them. Nobody liked the Nintendo DS when it first came out either Who is nobody ? The gaming community ? Because I would imagine the majority of the population would not know or care what Nintendo DS is. I fail to see how it is applicable to Google Glass which is designed from day one to be a mass-market device. I fail to see how. People use GoPro in generally sporting or rugged situations. Google Glass is pretty fragile and in those situations having a one inch glass/perspex cube in front of your eye is very dangerous. Can you possibly be a bit more specific when talking about 'resources' and 'much larger'. Makes it hard to evaluate if it is even an issue or not. Also can you elaborate more on the multi-DC part of CouchBase. Documentation seems to imply only supports two-DC replication and I find the "currently supports continuous replication of data" line to be odd. What are the future plans for CouchBase in this area ? Are you replying to the right person ? I don't own Bitcoins. And if I did I would never, ever host them on a Linode server. The days of Google Maps being vastly better than Apple Maps are fast disappearing. It is about 95% parity for Australia and UK at least and any differences are being eliminated rapidly. And the touted advantages of Street View aren't there since the data is at least 4 years out of date in some countries. The fact is that Maps aren't something you can dramatically keep improving. You reach the "everything is mapped" point and then it becomes a keeping everything up to date scenario. It is just me or is it a recent change ? I find Google Search to be incredibly frustrating to use because it chooses to ignore search terms even when pages exist with those terms. Google better be really careful because crippling the experience in order to sell more advertising reminds me why I switched away from Altavista. Whatever the reason. It has changed recently and is annoying. Search for "vertx play framework" and the last two search results don't have the term vertx despite pages and pages of results with the term. I don't understand how dropping search terms can make the results more relevant. Also you can't set the default search to verbatim. You can only hack the query parameters in specific browsers. If Facebook genuinely saw Path as a competitor they would simply buy it and kill it. I think it's more a case that Path's spamming tactics could have been seen to have Facebook's approval had they not intervened and put an end to it. Also add StatsMix, Librato, PirateMetrics and Startup Compass to the competitors list. I am not your target market but good luck regardless. I don't understand what you mean. America executes thousands of their "lower classes" each year as well as part of the criminal justice system. Doesn't mean that it is systemic "cleansing". You need to have better sources if you believe that is what China is doing. And the reason the entire world dislikes Israel as a country (as of the latest world popularity ranking) is due to its one-sided, selfish foreign policy and this ridiculous "anti Israel = anti Jewish" position many Israelis take. When everyone is sick of it you shouldn't be surprised if many academics are too. Do all intellectuals act as a single collective ? No ? Then do you mind not peddling such pathetic and baseless nonsense. Actions of few != Actions of all. You do know that plenty of people have given reviews on Glass ? None that I have seen predict that it will have mass-market appeal. Quite the opposite in fact. Many believe that they would wait for a 3rd generation version to truly decide on its potential. It's likely that Glass will be banned for driving based on what we saw in West Virginia. Which makes sense since your eye does have to look away from the road in order to use the device. Not to mention the drop in attention. Also have you heard of sat nav ? I was looking at the number of people on death row which is in the thousands. So willing to retract that. And this study was widely reported in the BBC and elsewhere: http://www.globescan.com/images/images/pressreleases/bbc2012... As you can see Isarel is down there with North Korea, Pakistan and Iran and with a downward trend in popularity no less. I have found lots of the smaller VPS providers (especially those that provided dedicated/colo services) to have great service. Check on http://webhostingtalk.com I fail to understand how you can think Linode has a great track record. It is an unequivocal disgrace. TWICE they have mislead their own customers over a major security incident. And there have been lots of times during outages (in particular my time at Fremont) where they were MIA. No. What went wrong with MeeGo was that it was too little, too late. I played extensively with the N9 and it just wasn't that impressive. It was pretty slow, had a cumbersome UI with next to no apps, ecosystem e.g. store/media or accessories. Nokia's hardware talent would simply have been wasted on it. Not really sure what he means. Apple isn't using smaller and smaller drives for the MacBook Air. The current release goes up to 512GB which is the max so far. And 10 years worth of high res photos and movies is always going to take up space. Why doesn't he just buy an external hard drive like a normal person or use Dropbox/S3 etc ? Google+ and your Android phone can manage 70GB of photos and ensure that they properly synced to multiple devices including a Mac ? Thumbnails get generated because most cameras are outputting multi-GB JPEG/RAW which take too long generate in real time on low end Macs whilst scrolling the thumbnail view. And Apple apps don't go to great lengths to hide photos. They are stored in your Pictures folder in a package e.g. Aperture Library. Just right click and your photos are there. Packages are great for inexperienced users since it is easier to backup and less opportunities to mess up the metadata. Dropbox WILL upload in the background for IIRC 10 mins as well as when you move around. https://www.dropbox.com/help/500/en Dropbox definitely knows about it. https://www.dropbox.com/features/photos It is up to individual cameras to support thumbnails and the resolution either way is postage stamped. The large 1024x1024 previews are for the large thumbnail view of your photos/albums (try it in iPhoto and you will see). And the metadata is stored inside the iPhoto/Aperture library package. For Aperture at least it is an open standard XML file so there is no 'lock in' what so ever. No. That's a con for the car. As the population of the world increases housing density will also increase. Hence it is important that Tesla find a way to accommodate people like condos as well as people who rent. Still waiting for an equally detailed update on what happened the last two times they were hacked. Having a secure VPS is far more important than the DC. I just don't like the "right tool for the job" argument. Then say the "right technology for the task" then. There is no ONE database that works perfectly in every situation. If a database lost data in a single server configuration, why would you trust it as a cluster? Please be serious here. EVERY database has had at one point lost data due to a bug. It doesn't mean that there is some systemic problem that means you should jump ship immediately. To this day Foursquare who are the ones referred to in the article still use MongoDB: http://engineering.foursquare.com/2012/11/27/mongodb-at-four... I am still a bit confused what the point of VP9 is. Microsoft and Apple pay for the licenses on behalf of developers and users so licensing cost only affects a very tiny minority. And with the likes of Sony (PS), Microsoft (Windows/XBox) and Apple (iOS/OSX/Final Cut) firmly in the H.265 camp why would you produce content for VP9 if no one can play it. I don't believe any of this is correct. If I use my Canon 5D/iPhone to film a movie then edit with Final Cut Pro and upload my video to YouTube at what point am I required to pay the MPEG-LA for a license ? Are you really suggesting that tens of millions of people are in breach of MPEG-LA licensing requirements ? I have a SmartTV as well. Tried the apps once and never touched it again. It really is 90's era software. I honestly can't fathom why the TV manufacturers are just sitting back, twiddling their thumbs and waiting for Apple to come in and make them look stupid. I mean really is a TV so much more complicated to build a decent UI for than a smartphone or computer ? Have you never used the Google apps on the iOS before ? They are good but not significantly better than Apple's built in ones. Apple Maps may have less quality data but has a much better UI and uses a lot less data. Google Now is pointless compared to the genuinely useful Android version. Chrome is slower in most cases than Safari and not integrated with the rest of the OS. And really all their other apps simply aren't popular. Unfortunately Apple just doesn't give third party apps any room to expand beyond its tiny little sandbox. This was in September 2011. Are you really holding a grudge for this long ? My suggestion would be to forget about this and move on. No offense to anyone but GNOME is just dreadful and there are so many other Linux/FOSS projects that desperately need people. Help them out instead. Yes. Yes. Yes. A well supported, polished multi-master implementation would definitely bring PostgreSQL into the 21st century. It's been far too long not to have this. And look to databases like Cassandra for ease of setup and maintenance. Cassandra would be the one to look at. Have strong consistency by default with the option to define eventual consistency per query/session. It's so useful with Cassandra to have that flexibility to favour performance over accuracy. Also OOTB should support EC2, ZeroConf/Bonjour and make it understand racks/data centres. Definitely deployment flexibility. Write on OSX, Test on Linux, Run on Solaris. But also performance. JVM can be faster than say C/C++ code in many cases. Java platform has already had plenty of reboots. Play, Grails and Vert.x have shaken up web development. Scala, Groovy and Clojure for languages. Who cares about startup times for a web server ? And with JRebel, Play or Grails you have no startup time anyway. You just hot swap the code in the JVM. This is a good overview of Go concurrency: http://www.slideshare.net/jgrahamc/go-oncurrency As a Java developer I personally don't find it that impressive compared to something like the LMAX Disruptor or even Vert.x but I can appreciate that it is simple and that always counts for a lot. One issue is that many of these points are design characteristics of MongoDB and should have been known before hand. I am not criticising but it's almost like you did zero research before hand. Transactions for example have never existed in MongoDB and joins doesn't really make much sense. Sorry but I don't think you know what you're talking about here. Write locking definitely leads to throughput issues but it results in better consistency not less. So the guys at Foursquare are driven by "fads" and don't have a clue about databases or scaling ? These articles are just one side of the picture which gets heavily upvoted on HN. And of course it is about elitism. Listen to yourself. "It's about making good decisions". I mean who are you to judge from the outside what technology a company should use for a specific use cases ? Standby is a pretty poor solution compared to replica set let alone what Cassandra has to offer. Sharding is trivial on MongoDB/Cassandra and it is open source. So let's be accurate here. It is a problem inherent with the SQL databases. And I think you underestimate the benefits of scaling out. If I want to ensure close to 100% uptime or have a server closer to my users than Cassandra or even MongoDB would be infinitely easier to setup and manage than Postgres. These are "very nice to haves" for even the tiniest startup. Have to agree. It is surprisingly ugly. What happened to the consistent design we have seen with Google Now, Gmail etc ? Calm down with the hyperbole. I mean have you EVER tried WebGL ? It is not ready for prime time and I shudder to think what people on older machines or laptops are going to experience. It's been years since Google actually released something useful on GAE. All while AWS has blown it away with an array of new systems e.g. SWF, EMR, Glacier, Transcoder. I always liked what Google was getting at with GAE i.e. a simpler, more cohesive AWS. But it just doesn't seem like Google has its heart in it. And we all know what happens to products like that at Google. See this is what people don't get. Apple isn't trying to complete with Google Maps. They are just trying to get a 95% default solution to prevent Google from using its leverage to make changes to the OS e.g. sending more user information to Google. And by all accounts they have achieved this. So what if there is a bias ? EVERYONE has biases. It's what makes us different. You shouldn't ever be downvoted for expressing an opposing position. How about attacking the argument instead of the person ? Trying to paint this black/white picture of someone just because they disagree with you is frankly pathetic. Do you have some proof that this person works for Microsoft ? Because if you don't then YOU are the one degrading the quality of HN with baseless allegations. > Background auto-updating should be the default on all OSes. And then the foreground app will have slower network speed and performance which given that a mobile device is a bad thing. If I need to quickly check mail I want that to be the only priority of the phone. The current behaviour is just fine. Many poeple are just waiting until the device is plugged in at home/work before updating all apps. No but your entire argument is weakened when you use loaded terms like "fascist" or "liberals". Ultimately paying taxes IS a moral issue since at least some of the money will be used to pay for human services i.e. health, education. And so when companies deliberately avoid paying taxes it does in a small way equate to a reduction in the quality of life for at least some of the population. No. Your post contains no information. The post above has a list of issues that they believe Rand Paul has questionable positions on. What are you talking about ? "Right to choose" is common parlance. There is nothing debatable about its use in this context. It means a right to choose whether to have an abortion or not. You're just being ridiculous now. it's refreshing seeing someone defend a position because he believes in it, and not because his job depends on it You might be want to be careful with that line. Rand Paul is not stupid. He knows how critical the "internet generation" was to his father's success. You only had to look at how Ron Paul's supporters cleverly involved themselves in the mechanics of the primary process to know that this was a group that punched above its weight. Given that Rand is clearly positioning himself for 2016 every decision he makes is not necessarily altruistic. You do know that 5 year olds can understand this, right ? REGULATION = GOOD REGULATION + BAD REGULATION Arguing against "regulation" means arguing against the good and the bad. Which is the height of stupidity since you're effectively arguing for companies to do whatever they want, whenever they want with zero consideration of anybody else. Any chance you can stop misrepresenting what people say ? He didn't say he was against guns. Only against the lax regulation of them. And given that the overwhelming majority of the population support him it is hardly a controversial position. Not sure why you decided to derail the point with a criticism of alcohol. You do know that ONE person does not speak for the hundreds of millions of gay people worldwide, right ? No. People across the world do genuinely care about right to choose and same sex marriage. Personally I've seen more vitriol and misplaced anger from pro-Google commenters. People keep talking about Linode's support but it is only great when everything is fine. Try getting support when their DC is down or there are networking problems. Then you won't be hear back for hours. Given the recent merging of the console and handheld divisions it wouldn't surprise me to see the next handheld become the controller for the console. Please stop peddling this rubbish. Startups have been losing data all around the world with SQL databases as well e.g. Dribbble. The implementation of ACID is just as important as the concept itself. Yammer, Github, Braintree, Kiip are a few. Braintree is interesting as they process credit cards for a LOT of startups e.g. AirBnb, 37Signals, Uber, Fab, Living Social. There is a perception amongst some guys in IT that women aren't capable enough to be great programmers. Hence they either don't strive to higher positions (and higher wages) or they are deliberately kept down. I've seen it happen on a few occasions and it's really disheartening to watch them get screwed over. Rather than address the content of what is being said you try and dismiss it as though Marie Claire could never, ever produce an objective, insightful look at the role of women in the IT industry. And then try and excuse the behaviour with a "but sales guys do it". Nice work. I spent years at university (at great cost) and countless long hours because I genuinely believe that this is a serious profession on par with a doctor or scientist. And I for one am sick of these stories coming up again and again and being dismissed by people such as yourself again and again. So you're saying that in keeping with "gender stereotypes" men should be inconsiderate, sexist assholes and women should just shut up and deal with it ? And for the record trying to equate a fashion/lifestyle magazine with the totality of the female gender is completely and utterly stupid. In contrast, Linode ... but their support is there and very responsive. People keep saying this but it simple isn't true. It is only responsive when everything is working fine and you have some OS/app level issue. But watch what happens when their Fremont DC goes down. You will submit a ticket and not hear back for hours (if at all) all whilst your site is down. You're then forced to jump on IRC and listen to gossip about what is happening. Linode's support is as good as their security. Smoke and mirrors. Question. Do you actually use Dropbox ? Because for me it is one of the most overrated services I use. They haven't actually done anything new to the product since the beginning and the CPU load when syncing is still ridiculously high. IMHO The only reason Dropbox is successful because the alternatives e.g. SkyDrive, Google Drive are so much worse. Google Drive on the Mac anyway is a buggy, intolerable mess. I've lost data. I've experienced hard crashes on startup, during syncing and on exit. You only have to look on the product forums to get an idea. Data loss is simply inexcusable. http://productforums.google.com/forum/#!categories/drive/rep... As I mentioned below Google Drive loses data and is unacceptably buggy. Just see the product forums for the countless examples of it happening. I see no reason why you wouldn't go with Dropbox. Even just for the fact that you shouldn't rely on anything from Google that doesn't have or is related to advertising. The other thing is that there is an additional type of fragmentation happening on the Android platform: users. Samsung's aggressive advertising has brought a huge class of users who are less technical but also more likely to buy apps as opposed to pirate them i.e. more valuable. Hence as a developer it would be wise to just test my apps on Samsung devices and not worry about anything else. Likewise if Samsung were to have custom APIs I would be forced to not instantly dismiss them. Surprised no one is talking about Skype. This is a killer app and a genius acquisition by Microsoft. Having so many young, tech users using Skype is going to have a massive flow on effect to other users in particular older ones. So it seems as though there is basically a Hypervisor OS and two Virtual Machines. One for TV and one for Gaming. Given that TV and Gaming have vastly different resource requirements and use cases it isn't surprising that you would optimise for each use case. Also it wouldn't surprise me if Microsoft in the future releases a cheap AppleTV competitor with just the TV VM and a cheap gaming only XBox with just the Gaming VM. Sure. But if XBox Live machines are in the same datacentre as the Azure ones then you would be crazy not to use Azure as the platform for your apps. it becomes slower than standard DBs Sorry but either you're ignorant or being deliberately disingenuous. Either way this statement is completely untrue for many use cases. Can you not imagine situations where a document database would be orders of magnitude faster than ANY SQL one ? Think about a document with hundreds of embedded documents which equate to joins in SQL. Have to agree the problem with SQLite isn't SQLite it's the generally terrible wrappers companies put around it. On both iOS and Android the default ones are terrible. And even many third party ones aren't the best. Advertising. Imagine being being able to go to an advertiser and say "we have every important metric on the behaviours and desires of young people". The plural of anecdote is not data. Just because you and your circle of friends don't like Facebook doesn't mean much. Especially given that Facebook is a worldwide service and attitudes/behaviours of people differ from country to country. The facts are that Facebook's user count is growing around 20% year on year with extremely high engagement. So people aren't moving. Sorry but NONE of what you said is true or frankly makes any sense. Chromium will likely be less standards based now that they don't have the tow of the other WebKit companies keeping them in check. Case in point: SPDY. Google is not the only company who has to defend every engineering decision. The reason it is being discussed is that it is fitting into this new narrative of Google being less interested in standards and more interested in their advertising centric walled garden. And finally Google can do multiple things at once. It isn't an either-or scenario. There are a few examples though where Google has opted not to support or develop standards. For example WebM, SPDY and XMPP and not to mention their continued support for Motorola's despicable FRAND abuses. Exactly my point. Google develops a proprietary protocol without ANY consultation. They then leverage the fact that they own the world's biggest website and popular browser to force it by stealth into popularity. And then afterwards decide to work to standardising it despite it not necessarily being the optimum choice for everyone. The core protocols of the internet are fundamental. And they should be designed deliberately with as many parties as possible involved. This is not the way standards should come into existence. No. You don't understand what proprietary means. SPDY is a trademarked technology owned by a private corporation. The only reason companies are adopting SPDY is because it is an improvement than HTTP. SPDY is far from perfect. The issue is that with core internet protocols this is not the way it should happen. Weird. I found Knockout to be very easy to be modular. It supports RequireJS and you can have as many view modals as you like. It's biggest problem is that it still feels like a bit of a hack at times as you have to constantly have to battle between what is a JS object and what is a function. I disagree that Javascript is not a real language. But I do agree that the entire way we build web apps surely can't be sustained. It's incredibly cumbersome to do the simplest things and you are right that parallelism that is intrinsic to responsiveness in desktop/mobile apps is inadequate. But the real question is what the stack of the future should/will look like. Not really. If they are dedicating resources to this instead of improving their across the board woeful security practices then it is relevant. And it does beg the question if they can't manage their own infrastructure why would anyone be silly enough to let them manage theirs ? It's not the track record that is important. It's the fact that after their first major hacking attack they learnt absolutely nothing. Still hiding the truth from the customer. Still failing to do security audits. Still sticking with their ColdFusion front end. Also their support is only good for minor incidents. When you have a data centre go down their support evaporates and you will be left with a multi-hour outage with no clue what is happening. And so why haven't we heard anything specific from Linode about what happened ? At minimum they can talk about the technology/security improvements they have made. And what about the first time this happened ? People need to stop excusing this sort of behaviour from companies. with the AI and data sets to power things like Google Now Microsoft, Amazon, IBM and Yahoo to name but a few. And I've used Google Now and I fail to see what makes it so incredibly advanced that no one else could possibly replicate it. Maybe I am missing something but it doesn't seem to hold a candle to say Watson. I would still think that Braintree would be a better bet. They abstract the bank part of the equation as well so you are just dealing with a single entity for any issues that arise. Plus their pricing is a little bit better: https://www.braintreepayments.com/pricing That said ANY competition is always nice. The real question though is how they handle chargebacks. Wow. Was not aware of that and their web site definitely seems misleading. Will definitely be giving Pin a go then. Perth is at a disadvantage though being so far from all the angels/VC in the eastern states so kudos to Pin. And being originally from Perth it is fantastic to see it show that it is so much more than just a FIFO mining town. resort to good old police-work and the judicial system to back it all up. The problem is that many countries where we have radical militants operating have (a) porous borders and (b) an inadequate police/judicial system. So unless you want another situation like in Mali where there was free reign for militants then you do need the military involved hence a war on terror. And that is the crux of the issue. When you look at weak states like Mali or Nigeria do people really want a hands off approach ? No I don't. And as a non-US citizen we are grateful that under Obama there has been a push towards multilateral engagement. And that is how you police the world: with established international treaties and institutions that have a strong moral authority. And yes stamping our radicalism in places like Mali or Nigeria absolutely makes the US safer. It is without doubt a terrible situation that should never have happened to begin with. It's a modern day POW camp. The problem that nobody seems to be able to answer is what exactly you do with them. Their home countries don't want them and the logistics of simply releasing them into the US is very complex i.e. what will they do and what if they don't want to be there. Actually the analogy is a bit off. Most people aren't buying Android phones they are buying Samsung phones. With the PC market Microsoft tightly controlled the Windows experience so it looked and worked the same regardless of the hardware. With the Android platform this isn't the case. HTC phones looks and behave quite differently from a Samsung or a stock Android. Each company is trying to differentiate the experience as much as possible. And the low-end/high-end split isn't playing out the same this time around. Samsung is very much in the high end and Apple is tipped to be releasing a low-cost iPhone shortly. And if Apple manages to gain low end traction like they did with the iPod then that could change the game a bit as well. I think the author has missed something. The first result wasn't a typical organic link. It was a Google+ enhanced link i.e. it mentions "this person in 30 Google+ circles". From my personal perspective when I see a link like that I won't click it. Because I assume that it is going to a Google+ page which like Facebook pages will have general and not context-specific content. That and the fact that showing a person's photo makes it seem like it is a "one man" operation as opposed to a successful company. All of your examples don't fall under the category of "Don't be Evil" but rather "Don't do anything Illegal". Apple equally could ship every iPhone with a keystroke logger and a C4 explosive to detonate every time someone typed Android. Or Microsoft could modify their browser to record bank logins and secretly steal 1c everyday from their customers. The point about "Don't be Evil" was to not do anything that was immoral but legal. I would consider Google's support of Motorola's behaviour in abusing FRAND patents to be an example. Or Google's deliberate ignoring of the Do Not Track advertiser setting. I think the point was that you could directly search for people who were about to cheat on their exam. It's a pretty disingenuous example since you could do exactly the same thing on Google: "cheat exam" site:twitter.com or just directly on Twitter. So Microsoft is opportunistic. Big deal. Google was equally quite happy to "brag to the Chinese authorities that they are on the Chinese government's side" as well in the past. They just maybe didn't understand the implications of what they meant. Yes. We could do much, much worse than Google. We could also do much, much better. But the fact is that every company is complying with the basic tenants of the law and that is all that anyone can expect of them really. why consumers want corporations to pay more tax as it effectively increases prices. Simple. When was the last time you bought a 787 jet, tractor, industrial window washer or ordered 1000 tonnes of concrete ? People want ALL corporations to pay more taxes and are fine if the few products that they do buy are a tiny bit more expensive. The fact is that most 'adults' understand that taxes pay for essential services such as education, infrastructure and health care. And during the tough times we live in aren't happy those services are being cut whilst corporations are making huge profits. Remember this is people's day to day lives we are talking about. I think most people would agree that where the line gets crossed is when products bought in one country e.g. UK have taxes applied in another country e.g. Ireland. I read it the same way. And it's about giving Iranians EASIER access to iPads, Android phones, MacBooks etc so they can gain more information about what is going on in the rest of the world. Given how important technology played in the Arab Spring uprisings it seems strange the US even put these sanctions in place to begin with. I never understand posts like these. Facebook is merely a reflection of your life. It is your friends, your choices about which posts to see, your choice to visit X number of times a day, your choice to try and benchmark your life against theirs. If you are unhappy about what your friends are posting and what that says about you then do something about it. Work to improve your life, get different friends, seek counselling or just continue to wish that more of your friends were miserable too. Your argument made sense in the years past where there only were technical people on the internet. But now it is less so. People are comfortable making their own choices on the internet and don't need the recommendations or advice of technical people like they did it in the past. Look at the success of Pinterest or Instagram for example. Neither grew because of technical people. Have never seen a single baby picture or cat meme or anything like it on Facebook. And several of my friends have kids. There is a temptation when people comment on Facebook to extrapolate their experience with the vast array of different societies, social norms, perspectives, ages, interests, backgrounds, maturities etc. http://www.webhostingtalk.com/forumdisplay.php?f=2 Consumers should care. Because the platform that makes developers the most money is the one they are going to spend the most time on. Hence more features, better quality experience etc. Firstly AWS sets the benchmark for security, transparency and compliance which we know you won't get from Linode for example. Secondly AWS has a damn good network. Thirdly lots of software 'understands' EC2 e.g. Cassandra, Hazelcast. AWS' popularity comes not just from the wide array of decent, well integrated and cohesive services e.g. S3, SQS, ELB, ElastiCache but also all of the third party services that are hosted within the AWS network e.g. MongoHQ, IronMQ/IronIO. AWS is very much an ecosystem. If you are building a new app from scratch there a lot of benefits to having others manage the commodity parts of your infrastructure. Not necessarily. AWS has a far superior network to almost anything else out there. Machine performance is not the only important part. Because CEOs need to act like adults not petulant little children. You obey the law. Period. And if you don't agree with it you lobby directly or encourage your users to do so. Well he did flee to Hong Kong of all places. So clearly he isn't the most learned person around. I've lived in Hong Kong for over a decade so know it's culture. It's not that dissimilar from Singapore in its western leanings. Hong Kong's history is irrelevant as they have an extradition treaty with the USA. Any normal person would not seek asylum in a country where this was the case. USA does not have an extradition with basically every country. http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/List_of_United_States_extraditi... It has been widely reported just how bizarre it was to pick a country like Hong Kong given their recent cooperation with the USA. There is a high contrast mode. And the entire web mainly uses color to differentiate between links and normal text ie. many omit the underlining. So not sure what makes iOS so different in this regard. Yes. It's almost like this is a beta version of the biggest ever change to the OS and some people will have to learn new ways of doing the same tasks. The only thing 'telling' is that somehow you're surprised by this. Which has been categorically denied by the email service providers themselves and public statements from the NSA. So clearly something is amiss here. Before Google there was plenty of ways to find links. Other search engines (e.g. Lycos, Yahoo, Excite, Altavista), link directories (e.g. Yahoo, Netscape Directory), magazines (e.g. Wired, .Net), content-driven ISPs (e.g. AOL, CompuServe, eWorld). The problem is that "great content" (aka landing pages) is merely another form of spam. There is still a ridiculous amount of enterprise web apps that are built for IE. Just saying "switch to Firefox" or "change products" is simply not an option. Wow Kevin sure does like Facebook: http://www.dailydot.com/authors/kevin-morris/ And the problem with that graph/article is that it fails to consider the size of the user bases. Facebook is so huge that its demographic breakdown mirrors that of the real world. Whilst all the other sites have a fraction of the user base so obviously their graph will skew more towards the type of site they have. Maybe there should be a graph of how many 0-20 year olds there are on Facebook versus the other sites. Why is it bizarre ? The UK government simply doesn't want a repeat of the diplomatic mess that was Julian Assange's asylum claim. Sorry but is this the kind of paranoid stupidity I should start to expect from HN now ? The "government" has been able to collect far more data via the tax and health care systems, TSA, census etc for decades. Imagine all the scary statements I could contrive from those. Or how about we amp up the crazy and talk about all the things the "government" could be doing with their drones and satellites. I'm sorry to say but a lot of countries will degrade back to authoritarianism within the next 10-20 years due to economy and political problems. Like ? Name the countries. Sorry what laws have been broken again ? I wasn't aware there were ones that applied to persons/institutions OUTSIDE the country. And Apple plans to make a lot of UI changes. Because this is after all a BETA. Can I ask how you manage to use the web ? Because Apple's use of colour to identify links is identical to 90% of the sites I visit daily. Did you even read the article you linked to ? Allegedly, the branding/marketing teams first designed the icons and the other teams coordinated their designs based on those icons. I don't know if you've actually used iOS7 but there is quite clearly a direction. It's a little unfocused in places but it's clear. No. It's because the majority of the population (62%) fully support it. They want the US to be actively preventing the next Boston Marathon bombing or 9/11. And are more than happy to give up a small amount of their own privacy in order to do so. http://www.theatlanticwire.com/politics/2013/06/nsa-spying-p... The NSA already open sourced a data storage system. It's called Accumulo and is built on Hadoop. http://accumulo.apache.org Apple and Google use simplistic presentations. Does that mean that the target audience for WWDC and Google/IO are morons ? No. So I probably would read too much into the presentation style of the slides. we'd label him a neoconservative corporatist in the same vein as Cheney Only if you are a child who is unable to appreciate that people are far more complex than simplistic labels. Why not call him a socialist fascist as well ? Or a war monger ? Or a liberal ? Or anti capitalist ? Oh wait there are some contradictions there. Well the NSA head did say that dozens of terrorist acts had been thwarted with the help of the phone records. Which could means that there are potentially hundreds/thousands of active terrorist investigations. Given that any one could be the next Boston Marathon, 9/11 or perhaps on an even bigger scale like polluting water sources or dirty bombs using material from poorly secured Pakistan/Russian nuclear sites. If you were receiving daily updates outlining the creative and more sinister ways terrorists were planning attacks perhaps you might come to the conclusion that the US is out of its depth and needs every tool at its disposal. There must be a sale on tin-foil hats or something. Why would the Whitehouse intermittently take down the petitions site ? The petitions aren't binding and are merely used to help guide their decisions and provide a forum for clear responses to issues. It's not like the response to this petition is going to be revelatory: National security is important. Leaks compromise national security. Snowden is bad. The End. The point is that most people didn't assume that the government had access to the extent it did and how much was done domestically. That's why it has been such a big story. So on the basis of this it's obvious that Snowden endangered national security. Not all terrorists are sophisticated remember e.g. Boston Marathon. But that argument then puts the whole program at a ridiculous cost to threat ratio. Sorry but this is just nonsense. Major terrorist acts e.g. 9/11 have a devastating impact on the economy. It results in a country-wide drop in consumer spending, consumer confidence, business spending, business confidence, hiring etc. As well as locally in areas like tourism. It alone accounted for a 1.1% drop in the third quarter GDP in 2011. As an example in NYC alone 430,000 jobs and 2.8 billion in wages were lost in the 3 months after 9/11. Which in turn results in a big drop in the tax collected. Then finally there is the after effects. No 9/11 and there would have been no costly invasion into Iraq/Afghanistan which has cost trillions of dollars and an obscene number of lives. Major terrorist acts always demand a response by the public. So out of all the things the government does protecting its citizens seems like something that will always be "worth the money". Are you answering the right person ? Because I was specifically talking about the costs associated with terrorist acts. And that preventing them has significant and widespread benefits to the economy. It's pretty clear that focusing just on ROI alone this program is easily worth the price. Might want to calm down with the hyperbole. Governments routinely get involved in matters such as this and by every account it makes a lot of sense. Online advertising is a critical part of many businesses and there needs to be stable, considered policies that factor in everyone's interests. And people can download music for free yet Apple sells billions of songs on iTunes. People are more than happy to pay if the price/convenience is right. I really wonder when people are actually going to wake up, understand how the system works and spend their efforts lobbying politicians instead of meaningless protests. Firstly, I don't understand what is happening with HN. It's becoming a blatantly US political site and not a particularly insightful or discerning one. Secondly, what is the point of this map ? For all I know there could be millions of legitimate raids each year in which case the tens of botched ones here would make for a statistical impressive record. Seems borderline deceitful on their part not to state how many total raids happened each year. But it will go off the top news. The US government has all the time in the world and in months/years from now when nobody remembers his name there will be an opportunity for a extradition to be done quietly. Pretty sure they understand it. They just don't like it. 2012 - 0 botched raids. 100% success rate. 2011 - 6 botched raids. 99.99% success rate. 2010 - 17 botched raids. 99.96% success rate. Call me crazy but that seems like a very impressive success rate given 40000 total. The problem is that Snowden has become the story. It's no longer about PRISM or the legitimate surveillance and privacy concerns it's about him. Sorry but either you're badly ignorant or being deliberately disingenuous. Snowden has gone far beyond simple whistleblowing about US citizen's information being collected. He has specifically detailed hacking attempts by the US against Chinese universities and cell phone companies. This is clearly a different form of leaking and it is something the majority of the public is strongly against. It's not strange if you follow the news. http://www.fmprc.gov.cn/eng/zxxx/t1049546.shtml China's new President has made it a high priority to improve relations with the US which is why many were surprised Snowden was let out of HK quite so easily. There are definitely some interesting questions here. Snowden's passport has been revoked so in theory there is no legal basis for him to leave the transit area. He can assumably claim asylum whilst there but according to Russian Federation Law he doesn't seem to meet the conditions: http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Russian_Federation_Law_on_Refug... So I would imagine that Ecuadorian diplomatic officials would have to process his asylum request in the transit area and then fly him from there ? Well only if you are incredibly ignorant or have selective amnesia. China is far, far from a good world citizen. They commit some of the worst human rights abuses, have rampant censorship and lest we forget their system of government is hardly democratic. You couldn't be more wrong here. North Korea and Iran are both coming to the table with the US/EU as a result of economic isolation and sanctions. It has been without a doubt the best approach short of military involvement (which nobody wants). And this incident isn't going to cause the US one iota of problems in the future. China is actively trying to improve relations and Russia is becoming more and more isolated as we saw at the G8. This situation is going to affect world relations the same way Wikileaks has i.e. not at all. Sure. But Amazon's raison d'etre is medium to large customers who need the flexibility and power and don't mind the complexity. If you are smaller then simply go higher up in the stack with the "built on Amazon" services e.g. Heroku, IronMQ/IronIO, MongoHQ. I would imagine it's more a case that they come from the "startup world". Most entrepreneurs like hearing and supporting success stories. Everyone considering using Graphite needs to take a look at Librato Metrics ( https://librato.com ). It's very affordable and dramatically simplifies management of your stats. I am so glad to put Graphite behind me. I remember when Google came out and vividly remember what was different. It was the UI. It was clean, sparse and without any ads. For me the search results were across the board worse than Altavista but better specifically in searching API documentation. Actually no. Most of the problems associated with running come from the unforgiving impact of your foot on the ground (often a hard surface). Devices like this and other treadmills are much better if you have joint problems. Give us all a break. It's so easy to make that choice when you and your family aren't literally starving to death. That alone says something about the longevity of the business. That and the fact that the people that are leaving are the geeks of the world. Which typically have a lower friend count, lower engagement and fewer connections to the popular 'tastemakers' in society. Facebook will start to see problems when the popular people leave and drag their social networks with them. But these people are the ones that don't care so much about privacy, security or whether Facebook deletes data now, in the future or not at all. How did you delete your account ? Because no where in Facebook does it allow you to do this. Only deactivate your account. What type of nonsense is this ? What that article fails to take into consideration is that ONE just ONE terrorist act can cause unprecedented damage to consumer and business confidence, economic outlooks, employment, tourism etc as was demonstrated during 9/11. It's like saying don't worry about keeping planes safe because the chance of one crashing is so small. And according to the NSA chief (who is unlikely to straight out lie to congress) said that more than 50 potential terrorist events have been thwarted because of these intelligence programs: http://www.politico.com/story/2013/06/nsa-leak-keith-alexand... Once everyday normal Americans realize theres nothing to be afraid of these clear violations of the 4th amendment will stop. Problem is everyday normal Americans fully support these programs. I really wish people were smarter in these situations and rallied around specific, actionable requests e.g. get rid of FISA courts and have the normal legal process with full transparency. Requests that ordinary people can think are sensible, common-sense improvements to make. But hey I guess people just want a fun day out instead of actually implementing meaningful change. Please. Snowden was never going to be a tool for Russia. He is nothing but an inconvenient annoyance to them. They have all the leverage they need simply by having veto power on the UNSC. It is more a case of Putin being in an untenable position. If he capitulates and hands him over to the US then he will be seen internally as weak. But he needs to maintain and strengthen relations with the US. So allowing him to stay but telling him to shut up is the best compromise they can come up with. It's a cute and noble idea but pretty sure that more than just the US would be against it. Because wait for it. Most countries spy. And most countries don't appreciate rogue contractors jet-setting around the world revealing secrets about the nature of the spying. He technically become one the minute he started revealing the nature of US spying activities against China et al. This is Thoughtworks we are talking about. They make money from "consulting" on agile projects. Which means every ridiculous slogan they come up with is another way for them to paint companies as being stuck in the past and in need of some Thoughtworks magic. Given Linode's abysmal security record you might consider swapping the first two. It's more than just those incidents though. It's about basic security practices. No security audits. Passwords stored in plain text. Major discrepancies in the story from what Linode says versus the hacker specifically around whether the private key was compromised and credit cards stolen. And it's just a continued pattern of incompetence and cover up. This happens to me as well. The Dropbox daemon wakes up every 10-15 seconds, uses 15% of the CPU then goes back to sleep. All this without any files changed or the index being affected. On 10.8, 10.9 with official versions and betas. Noticeable because I am on an older C2D MacBook Pro. Wondering whether it's a side effect of something else installed e.g. iStat Menus. Dropbox behaves very differently on OSX versus Linux I've found. Even for small scale stuff there are some benefits to using Nginx. There is the ability to use Lua with MySQL, PostgreSQL, MemCache, Redis, Upstream etc to perform functions of an app server e.g. authenticate users, serve JSON from a database. It's fast and keeps your app layer focused on real business logic. I know you were joking but actually in those web benchmarks that have been posted some of the JVM frameworks actually beat the Nginx based one (OpenResty). So the government is NOT trying to prevent terrorism but instead has setup these elaborate systems just to prevent activism and whistle blowing. You sure that aliens aren't involved somewhere in there ? The FACTS are this. The head of the NSA has testified in front of congress that over 50 potential terrorist acts were thwarted because of PRISM since 9/11 including bombing of the NY subways and stock exchange. And there is no evidence that the infrastructure the NSA has is available to every single cop in every town in order to fight crime. You needed proof to know the US government was spying ? It isn't some giant secret you know: http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/National_Security_Agency You mean mistakes sometimes get made ? Shock horror. Now what is this doing on HN again ? You do know that it is a FOI request i.e. freely accessible by the public ? And of course the NSA should have craploads of information. It's their job. Yes. Privacy policies are absolutely a top consideration for most voters. Definitely not jobs, minimum wage or the perilous state of the EU countries. New Zealand doesn't have an anti-US sentiment. And seriously people need to stop with this "historically X" nonsense. Diplomatic relations between countries can and do change on a dime. http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/New_Zealand–United_States_relat... He may have lost credibility with you but then again you don't speak for everyone. The majority of the public support the programs and his approval rating has dropped but not significantly: http://www.rasmussenreports.com/public_content/politics/obam... As unrealistic as it is I would love to be able to attach non-Amazon servers. It's hard to find load balancing as a service. North Korea will never use nukes against South Korea. They want a reunified Korea under Kim Jong Un. And the best way to do this without killing innocent people is to do what they've attempt countless times before. Dig a tunnel under the DMZ and send people in to capture/assassinate the key people within the government. You serious ? It should be clear that if you have information to share you should do so quietly without making yourself the target. Where would Snowden be without the legal and financial assistance of the Wikileaks team ? Likely rotting away for the rest of his life in a US jail. Furthermore since Snowden's revelations has resulted in basically zero change to the status quo (no legislation, no change in policies, no change in diplomatic relations, no mass uprising by the public) you have to imagine he's wondering what the whole point of it was. Pretty sure that Russia would also need to cooperate in order for Snowden to leave as well. Whether it's approving planes to land or witnessing his travel documents whilst boarding. And be serious. Obama is not going to scramble jets to destroy a plane to catch one low level hacker. He doesn't need to. The damage has been done and Snowden doesn't have a whole lot more he can reveal that will hurt the US. They pretty much want to just set an example for other people thinking of leaking military secrets. Give us a break. The reason why ALL the news sources (liberal and otherwise) covered this is because it is newsworthy. It's human nature to want to put a face to a scandal. And to be honest it's a great face. Snowden is young, exciting, mysterious, less than perfect. Add the fact that he is jetsetting around the world, visiting exciting countries with great visuals, upsetting foreign leaders and creating lots of mini scandals just keeps his story rolling. CNN especially is just a business. And Snowden is a money maker. No conspiracy needed to work this one out. Watergate involved criminal activity. Everything the NSA has done is completely legal and vetted. Also the majority of the public support the policies, the protests have been weak to say the least and the EU is not going to do anything to upset the EU-US FTA. So it's hard to see where the drivers of change are going to come from. I actually think the problem is the messaging. Rather than argue specific policy changes e.g. "ban monitoring of social media" or "transparent FISA courts" opponents have opted for the vague and somewhat vapid "restore the fourth". You're definitely wrong there. The process is not a hassle, it rarely takes weeks and yes every update has to go through the same approval process again (as you would expect). And yes you can download some files to your phone but they only exist within the app's sandbox. The reason iOS security is so strong is because (a) there is no side loading, (b) system updates are regular, simple and apply to almost every phone and (c) apps are heavily sandboxed. It's not magic. Apple simply chose security over openness and flexibility. Android vice versa. There are hundreds of people who have visited every country on the world. It definitely isn't an insurmountable challenge. So does everyone. But guess what cops are human too ergo they will on occasion make mistakes, lie, steal, cheat etc. Brand ads are supposed to be mission statements and the whole point of them is not to talk about product selling points. And you are out of touch in the sense that people are influenced by a brand and what it says about them. After all many items including clothing and shoes roughly cost the same to make regardless of the brand yet the prices and demand vary wildly. No doubt. But we are still talking about a handful of people at most. How many geeks have ownership of the roof of a tall building ? Do yourself a favour and take a cold shower or perhaps seek help. Because the sheer volume of crazy, conspiracy theories in your post is not normal. Apple's Designed in California is a BRAND ad. Google's Dear Sophie is a PRODUCT ad. They have different goals, different approaches and different audiences. Apple has had product ads recently as well you know, maybe compare like with like ? Pretty sure the NSA would have a few Tor exit nodes under their control. Also those people you are referring to is the majority of the public i.e. your parents, grandparents, friends etc. If your entire life isn't centred around the internet it's easy to see why online privacy isn't a huge concern. Sorry but what is factually right with your comment ? Not everyone in educated in government schools. Your implication that merely being state licensed influences the content is ridiculous (witness Fox News). The state does not have a monopoly on violence. The terms country and society have nothing to do with religion and patriotism is a concept that occurs in countries without a strong religious presence. Have you ever actually lived in the UK before ? Pretty sure most people wouldn't agree that their standard of living is so high that they wouldn't have something to lose by rioting. It's more a case that most people don't consider their online activity to be as precious as some others do. It's because developers need to read JSON/XML regularly. They validate the data the are sending to the client, they create test cases, the testers often read them as well, it is sometimes stored them in databases. It's because the format changes so frequently that reading it is important. HTTP is not comparable because it never really changes. It's a fixed format. And frankly the majority of developers never need to go down to that level anyway. Of course they would be concerned if people switched to Firefox. It's a business risk. Because what happens if Microsoft outbids Google and suddenly 1/3 of all browsers switch overnight to Bing. No. Google wants people to view and click their ads. That's how they make their money. The only reason Chrome exists is because they know that most people just search using the text field in the top right corner of the browser. Sounds like a wonderful idea. Because law enforcement (like everyone really) LOVES having their time wasted. You're not getting it. It's not what you say (which frankly everyone here seems to agree with). It's how you say it. What evidence is there of bullying though ? It sounds like you're just making this up. The publishers had the choice to go with Amazon but decided against it because they made more money with Apple. So in what way is this bullying again ? Wow you have a warped view of how business works today. These aren't cute, innocent little children. If Apple comes to them and tells them they are the saving grace of the publishing industry it isn't a scare tactic. It's just meaningless bluster. Microsoft, Google, Amazon et al would be saying exactly the same thing. It doesn't mean anyone has to listen. There was a true emergency with Linode. They've been hacked badly twice and both times withheld information from their customers. Bizarre that you would prefer this type of service than from others. Except that in what way is PRISM preventing you from being able to assemble ? There is NO evidence that the NSA et al are using this information to target anything other than the most serious of terrorists. Until we evidence of the contrary I fail to see how these lawsuits will be able to stick. You couldn't be more wrong IMHO. Instagram is actually looking to be quite a smart acquisition. Not only is it fending off Vine with its video integration but look what is happening in Kuwait. Businesses there are using to sell comics, sheep, makeup - anything which is photo dominated. Plenty of opportunities there to monetise without affecting your everyday user. And as smartphone cameras become more sophisticated like we are seeing from Nokia and Sony it is likely that Instagram will takeover from Flickr as the primary photo service of the internet as well. Of all the internet companies Dropbox looks the most precarious to me. The fact is that the core product kind of sucks. It is slow to upload, very CPU intensive and incredibly slow to receive new features. And its focus on API data syncing as a growth area seems fraught with danger given iCloud and likely similar services from Microsoft, Ubuntu, Google etc. It also has no stickiness associated to it. I could easily transition to a competitor's product with no loss of data or productivity. And if it wasn't the best of a pretty sad bunch then I would have years ago. I don't know much about Twitter internally but from the outside they seem to have a pretty impressive stack. I personally love their Scala, Storm, Bootstrap, Twmemproxy, Cascading work. http://twitter.github.io But again what evidence is there that the NSA is creating these list of groups ? They could just be simply looking at which individuals a person is speaking to. It is a subtle distinction but legally a significant one. I just seem to see a lot of conjecture but no actual evidence. Why couldn't Google just have a shared key stored on each of the user's devices ? The shared key could be backed up to Google's servers and encrypted using the user's password so in the event of a new device/flashing the shared key could be re-downloaded. Then you only ask the user once for their password. Sure. But it's also a phone that will still have lagging issues and receive maybe 1 or 2 updates before being obsolete. There is more to phones that just specs. Apple's poor performance ? You do realise that Apple siphons the majority of the profit from the market and on every metric (except market share) is doing extremely well. If you want to see examples of poor performance then take a look at the Android ecosystem. It consists of effectively one player: Samsung and a bunch of other companies whom are either exiting or perilously close to bankruptcy. No doubt it will be remembered as significant. But more in the theme of a Newton or Segway rather than an iPhone or iPad. Wearable computing is absolutely going to be huge. But there is no way to escape the fact that most people consider glasses and watches to be fashion accessories. And to make the next mass market device you will need to live and breathe fashion. Which effectively means doing what Apple is doing and bringing in experienced people like Paul Deneve from (Yves) Saint Laurent. No it doesn't. Premium products used by people you aspire to drive acceptance. Cheap knock-offs are for the mass market. DO NOT USE GLASS FOR DRIVING. It is illegal, is not safer than a car docked phone and since it moves your eyes away from the road is extremely dangerous. Stop being so selfish and stop the car. Studies have shown that when you are distracted you are more likely to crash. So innocent people's lives are at stake here. Or it could be that the shared storage that the apps are likely hosted on could have a problem. My guess it's the SAN. Many enterprise deployments I've seen will expose the same binaries across the many servers in the cluster. And it fits in well with an across the board fault. When has Apple EVER told us what the cause for an outage was ? You're just making up a conspiracy theory here. Apple's policy is completely consistent here. If you are a browser then you don't control the data that the user is accessing. But with all other apps especially Tumblr you do control the data. No I wouldn't say it's a huge problem. The tweet was bizarrely melodramatic. I mean how bad can a thermostat be exactly to be classed as a "disaster". Did it explode ? Did it cause the temperature in the room to approach 50C ? Did it cause an electrical short that resulted in the wiring needing to be replaced ? I think Nest is far beyond the beginning. They have a shipping product in use with 1000+ reviews on Amazon. Investors aren't going to care if one investor had a problem with the unit. I think it's more a perception problem with Oracle. They've actually been fantastic for the Java platform and have been so for nearly a decade now i.e. even before the Sun acquisition. It's hard to dispute that the JVM is thriving right now with plenty of innovation amongst the various languages. And most of us were really happy to have their JRockit work (especially G1GC) embedded back into the core runtime when they could have continued to charge for it. And people need to ask if things are really so bad with their OSS projects e.g. OpenOffice, MySQL, DTrace etc. Sure they have tightened control over copyrights but it's not like they have actively screwed their customers if anything the projects seem in a lot better shape. Google must just love having fanboys like this running around doing free advertising for them. Either that or he is desperate for a job at Google. It's not the first time I had heard of him: http://www.ibtimes.com/facebook-blocks-google-ad-michael-lee... The Apple Online Store is a completely separate system. Different servers, very different codebase. Marketing has financial responsibility but engineers still develop and maintain it. And there is lots of cross collaboration with iTunes Store and Apple Online Store teams. WWDR is all about evangelising the platform to a technical audience. Of course it belongs in marketing and not engineering i.e. it involves road shows, presentations, reach out activities etc. Not everyone that is technical are developers remember. I've worked on some of those systems. This isn't true. Most of their web apps are WebObjects/Java apps. Sure some of them would be classed as legacy but it is hardly different from most other enterprise companies. And their systems are completely separate from each other e.g. iTunes, Apple Online Store, ID auth, Developer Portal. I don't know if you are a developer or not. But the entire industry is moving towards the Facebook model i.e. those people would be highly desired in many places. The "theory" is that developers can't be reckless because all of the automated testing that goes on before anything is put into production. The developer portal is written in WebObjects/Java. And whilst I am sure they are using Project Wonder which wraps up a lot of the old WebObjects code there is still the fact that it is a deprecated technology. And it's never just write some code and deploy in these situations. It will involve testers signing it off, performance testing, security testing, deployment etc. So all those parts add up. Plus there's no "Steve Jobs will fire you" threat breathing down your neck. No offence but attitudes like this are the worst. If we all took your advice we would all be still using punch cards or writing everything in assembler. Sometimes you don't need a clear justification to use newer technologies. Perhaps developers just want to experience the significant developer productivity that comes with using many of the NoSQL databases. Also might be worth dropping the whole "SQL is better" insinuation. We have seen some pretty major data loss bugs in PostgreSQL and MySQL recently. This is complete and utter nonsense. I was a Linode customer during their first security incident (Bitcoins stolen). I found out about it through Reddit. It was communicated to customers weeks after through a post to their status page. At no stage were customers informed via email and nobody knows to this day what exactly happened and what exactly has been done about it. It works both ways you know. Nobody here cares that you're not impressed. The point is valid though that due to falling component prices it is expected that Linode will either increase resources or decrease price. Cupboards like that are very normal. The last three places I've worked at had similar cupboards in order to support the array of Android devices. And they were just run of the mill web companies. The problem really isn't Android but everyone's screwed up implementation of it. Apple's fees are $99/year which is hardly prohibitive. And I doubt you would see any difference between Apple's bureaucracy and Google's. Anytime you try and embarrass the company, try and take money away from them or be anti-user then of course you will have problems. AFAICT, everyone that isn't complaining about Android fragmentation has never actually worked on a project that involved supporting 90%+ of users. There are some horrific devices available today that are Android in name but definitely not in spirit. They are so underpowered that they are more akin to feature phones. Go spend any time on Reddit, Engadget, Verge etc and 99% of comments will centre around specs. It's hard not to when it is often the only thing differentiating one Android phone from another. It has been introduced in the latest iOS 7 beta 4 and asks if you want to trust each computer it is connected to. > but I feel like other browsers will add Dart support shortly after Chrome Yeh no. Both Microsoft and Apple have stated that they don't believe in the premise of Dart and the fact that Google designed it unilaterally doesn't help. Without Apple in particular (dominant mobile browser) any technology like this will never gain serious traction. > I have a nagging suspicion that many of these arguments are based around aesthetics and language chauvinism. No. People are just sick of one company unilaterally making decisions. It makes life harder for developers and consumers. More well designed, open, across the board supported standards is what we should all be aiming for. You believe that anyone critical of Dart is deliberately trying to sabotage it because they are too lazy to learn another language ? Give us a break with this ridiculous drivel. I am critical of it because I am sick of companies coming up with their own proprietary technologies and trying to force it as a defacto standard. It hurts developers. It hurts consumers. It has real economic and productivity costs. It undermines the fabric and stability of the web as a platform for humanities' information. Google, Microsoft, Mozilla and Apple have a responsibility to work together to create open, widely adopted standards. And they all deserve criticism when they deviate from this. This is just plain nonsense. Go and AngularJS are two of the most popular technologies on HN. And I can't imagine anyone not believing Google's DB work (BigTable, BigQuery, Dremel) for example is anything but impressive. So your implication is that going after child pornography is a wasted effort ? Because I would argue that sharing of child pornography encourages people to create it. In the same way every other discussion board encourages people to contribute content. I wouldn't see why not. There was widespread support from Intel, ATT, BSA, Oracle etc against import bans for FRAND patents. Had Obama not intervened it would have sent a devastating precedent that is in nobody's interest. Eric Schmidt was also at that dinner and was in favour of Samsung's import ban. There is nothing hypocritical about what Apple said. It is absolutely disgraceful for Samsung and Google (Motorola) to use FRAND patents as weapons. It undermines the entire standards process by encouraging companies not to put aside competitive agendas and work together for the benefit of all. You're being bizarrely pedantic. If the headline had read "half of all web sites compromised" I would never have it thought it was because of some underlying fault with HTTP. Sorry but did you even bother to read the links you posted ? Because the behaviour of Washington Post is completely legitimate and common sense. Of course they aren't just got to post the PRISM presentation verbatim without redaction. From reading this I can understand the antagonism towards Snowden. He deserves it. Seriously don't EVER compare Bezos and Murdoch. Murdoch is easily one of the most evil people to have ever walked on this planet. He enabled the Iraq war which has seen a mass loss of life for no real gain. He supported the widespread hacking of UK citizens. His meddling in politics and elections in the UK, US and Australia is unprecedented, brazen and has unquestionably undermined democracy. Even now he flew over an Editor from the NY Post to Australia to influence the election here who already is shocking the political scene here. This is a joke ? WebM and SPDY aren't some altruistic gifts to the world. WebM is just an pointless nuisance. The world already has a open, video standard that is widely supported, technically superior and stewarded by a wide array of competing companies. And it's only royalty free because nobody can be bothered to sue them yet. It definitely is patent encumbered (see MPEG-LA's recent 'gift' of patents to VP8). SPDY was another technology that was developed by Google unilaterally instead of working through the existing IETF process. If Google didn't own Chrome it simply would have never taken of. Are you in Australia right now ? There is a world of difference between what News Corp, Faifax, AFR etc papers have done in the past and what happened with the Daily Telegraph yesterday. http://mumbrella.com.au/stephen-conroy-an-apology-171009 I was talking about his papers actively hacking not the government. http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/News_International_phone_hackin... It is not absurd to blame Murdoch for his role in the war. He didn't take a negative or neutral position. He actively campaigned for it across three continents (UK, US and Australia). And it has been widely reported that Blair was heavily influenced by Murdoch. The NYT didn't officially take a position. It just failed in its duty to check the facts. http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Media_coverage_of_the_Iraq_War I don't understand why people keep thinking that Cassandra is only eventually consistent. It can be set to any consistency level you like for both reads and writes: http://www.datastax.com/docs/1.1/dml/data_consistency I don't know about HBase but for Cassandra it should be available in the next minor update. Single row transactions have just recently been added: http://www.datastax.com/dev/blog/lightweight-transactions-in... Can we all please just take a deep breath and stop with the hyperbole. The US government is not planning to commit genocide against gay people or whatever ridiculous premise you're insinuating. Sure they could. They could also spend billions buying every block of lego to create a Yahoo logo visible from space. Which makes about as much sense as introducing significant legal risks to their business all for a few thousand new email accounts. Sure if your time is worthless. But given that the average contract developer is charging themselves out at $100/hour investing the time to "program a thermostat" will rarely result in a ROI. Work in as many different countries as possible. IT is one of the few jobs where you can travel/work easily. So do it. And yet I know a 13 year old that does. So by our combined data set I believe we can safely extrapolate that 50% of all 13-year olds across the world use Facebook. If you are indeed 30 then you should know that Facebook isn't to blame because your country has screwed up privacy laws or because you don't know how to send posts to specific people. What are you talking about ? The OP WAS talking about privacy and posting. To which you have completely ignored and replied with your own Facebook personal story. Odd because the growth of Instagram would suggest 13 year olds also like to comment in a way that is not disposable. It's almost like 13 year olds are people too and don't operate as one homogenous block. I really think it would be better for everyone to stop pretending that they understand what EVERY 13 year old needs, wants or does. Simple. 1. Most people don't need or want complexity like what you see from the typical low cost Android devices. Remember most of these people are still upgrading from Nokia style feature phones and aren't after a computer in your pocket (just yet). 2. Android in particular is really nasty at the low end. The quality of experience you would get from a tightly optimised and simplified Firefox OS would be immeasurably better. Again. You don't need to have X, Y and Z instead just have X implemented really, really well. 3. The barrier to entry and cost for developing HTML/JS apps is far lower than Java and Objective-C. You really do need a decent PC/Mac to program for either. And we all agree that custom, locally developed apps is vital. Seriously the only people who think Android is great for low end devices are those that have never used it. I've built a number of apps that needed to support those devices and it was a nightmare. And it's not just pure specs everyone involved thinks of the people using them as cheap and therefore less deserving of a polished experience. Breaking free from all of that and getting back to simple, well executed basics is the way to go IMHO. Can you please clarify why the high speed rail is likely to be a debacle ? It seems pretty clear that California needs it and generally HSR is a pretty sensible infrastructure investment. And Facebook isn't showing unlisted numbers to the public. Why ? Seems like a great tax to me. The people who are most likely to be hoarding large sums of cash are the type of people who you want to be taxing. 1. Wealthy people hoard large sums of cash. 2. Banks stopped making most of their money from deposits a long time ago. Two smart guys writing a programming language instantly gets you 30 years of maturity. Did I just wake up in some bizarro universe or something ? And nobody cares if Go is being used for some tiny, insignificant part of the Google infrastructure. Get back to me when it is used for a stock exchange, betting site or complex web app. It's more your 'typical' Java app. Which is often the huge array of JARs and folder structure you typically need to bootstrap. I don't know where it is coming from as well. But one area where Lua is gaining traction is because it is the only high level language that is integrated with Nginx. Probably update them after iOS7 ships. It wouldn't surprise me if they are in the same position as external developers i.e. have to wait until iOS7 GM before the App Store will accept the binary. Sorry but nobody who has actually spent time with WM7 and iOS7 can possibly think they are related. The iOS7 design is about layering, transparency and minimalism. WM7 is far more about its distinctive rectangular, high contrast design. I would go easy on the BBC here. The article's title was an accurate summation of the study and they obtained a qualified, third party person to comment on the study. It's hardly going to win a press award but it is definitely newsworthy. > I'm convinced its pure cronyism and ass-covering. I'm convinced it's not. Betting on the long term at the expense of the short term is incredibly hard. Even the smartest people in the world will panic (and in some cases pivot) when doubts start to creep into their mind. I am sure all of us have been in a similar situation. It's always easy to judge from the outside but on the inside those decisions are tough, lonely, scary and rarely to do with just covering your own ass. Or another common scenario. User takes laptop home and forgets to enable the company VPN. Any basic hardware like this is quickly commoditised by the China manufacturing machine. So no. It isn't a great bet for a hardware startup. Give us all a break. 'Technical people' are just as (if not more likely) to be biased than ordinary people. Marijuana is safer than cigarettes and alcohol but it is hardly harmless and we definitely don't know enough about its effect on the brain especially amongst younger users. But of course you will often see such concerns dismissed. There is plenty of objective, non-sponsored research that shows marijuana to have at least in some cases a negative effect. But nice work blanketing all of the research you disagree with as illegitimate. Interesting. But still seems to miss all the human elements in the equation. What about if someone is seriously sick can they be evacuated in a reasonable manner ? Likewise what about the inevitable "I need to use the toilet" scenario ? Java as a platform is absolutely not dwindling in velocity. All that is happening is people are looking into alternative JVM languages like Scala, Clojure and Groovy. This trend has been happening for a while and is as much to do with Servlets/Spring as it is with Java the language. It has absolutely nothing to do with Oracle which has been a fantastic steward for the platform. I don't think you actually have much understanding of enterprise environments otherwise you would know how ridiculous the idea that Go or C# is going to take over from Java anytime soon. Fairly uncommon compared to your everyday website sure. But I can think of hundreds of companies that have ridiculous scale and brief outages would be newsworthy: Airline bookings, Stock exchanges, Betting markets, Postal services, Major websites (Facebook, Twitter, Pinterest, LinkedIn), Online Games, Video services, Payment gateways, Banks etc. For me the various engineering streams are just as different from each other as from every other non-engineering discipline. There is no way a mechanical engineer could work in the electronics, IT or biochemical engineering fields. If you are going to label the common base as "science" then you could equally say engineering is common with psychology since they both involve "words". That makes equally as much sense. Exactly. Give me enough money and I could easily build a SpaceX and Tesla. How ? By hiring people who know how to easily build a SpaceX and Tesla. Exactly. Great content is often succinct and simple to comprehend. SEO wants your content to be full of unnecessary keywords that match the search terms which conflicts with this. You can't just say that Google+ is not empty when it is so tied to your social structure. I have 3 friends on Google+ and 300 on Facebook. My Google+ is completely empty. Could well be the same for the OP. The Wikileaks party ought to be ashamed of themselves. Not only did they screw up majorly by preferencing hard-right parties ahead of the progressive Greens. But they betrayed Scott Ludlam in WA who was one of the only people to stand up for Assange. http://www.crikey.com.au/2013/08/19/wikileaks-partys-adminis... I don't believe that just because David Wirrpanda is Aboriginal and a pretty fantastic guy by all accounts means that I should ignore the fact he is running as a National Party candidate. Scala is becoming much more popular in enterprise and large scale environments. Mostly because us developers who are working there know that companies like Twitter, LinkedIn, Foursquare etc. are using it and doing so incredibly successfully. And often frameworks like Play2, Storm, Finagle etc are perfect for our requirements. Are you serious ? Because you can't possibly think that asking SourceForge to "please stop making money" in order to please a handful of users will actually work. Making a great app. Are you implying that it is impossible to do that anymore and be successful ? Exactly. And we have a tried and true way of identifying great managers. Can you deliver a great result, on time and on budget. Why MS never focused on output is beyond me. That CD you just glossed over contains backups of the company's files. If you are in that industry that could be pretty damn valuable. It really isn't that simple. How do you know which of the two apps has legal ownership of that name ? Or whether any of them do ? The funny (well not for them) is that Flipagram falls afoul of Instagram's new naming policy. So it looks like without the identification with Instagram the app/startup could well die. http://techcrunch.com/2013/08/19/instagram-cracks-down-on-co... To go up one level press Command and click on the title bar. Pretty standard metaphor across the OS. Or alternatively if you are drilling back and forth through the folder hierarchy then switch to Column View. And if you actually think that Ubuntu's woeful file manager is anyway comparable to OSX Finder then I really can't help you. It IS universal behaviour. The green button maximises the window to the optimal size as dictated by the application. For a browser this could be full screen. For a word processor this could be just enough to see the page. I am at a loss to understand what on earth you're on about. It seems like some random "oh poor Android" rant. The reason carriers need the iPhone has nothing to do with Android's market share or Apple's profits. It's about carrier's profits. And the fact that much of it comes from users who call a lot, text a lot and use a tonne of data. Which just happens to correlate with the iPhone demographics. No. You will be down voted for contributing nothing to the conversation. If you think it is over-hyped and over-priced then provide a better alternative. I would love to see some more options for laptops but the quality of some of most of the PC ones are atrocious. Sorry but your comment doesn't make much sense. I have been programming for 15+ years. It doesn't mean that I instantly know every application framework in existence. Especially the (looking back at it now) the pretty complex way the original Mac OS apps were written. Honestly it's just ignorance on your part. If you watch some of the presentations Jobs gave e.g. during his NeXt days it's pretty clear that he absolutely understands every bit of the technology as good as any engineering manager. The ability to combine technical knowledge with exceptional design, marketing and product development skills is what made him vital to Apple's success. I am honestly bewildered by your thought process here. If I am getting someone to build me an Android app and I don't know how to do it. Then I am not going to learn Java, SDK, tool chain, build process and buy a device just to show them how to do it. I am going to send them an email and tell them to change it and go back and forth until I am happy. Libertarianism really is the ultimate representation of naivety. It assumes everyone and everything operates in an altruistic, consistent way. Companies don't need regulations because they will never bend the rules or take the easy way out. Governments should be minimal because people can look after themselves. The market always self optimises to the benefit of everyone involved. And yet to me it does sound more personal. Because by adding someone on Facebook you have opened up your life to them on a semi-permanent basis. With email there is the assumption that the relationship will be more intermittent and flippant. Facebook is merely a website for messaging and sharing photos. It is because of YOUR friends that you get the experience you do. So if you are having a poor experience then find better friends. Or remove them from your feed. Or setup groups so you can filter content better. But honestly the problem quite clearly is you. The immature use of the term 'gay' to be derogatory. The fact that you dismiss the uncool people in your group because of fear of what others will think. The anger you have towards people who are merely enjoying their possibly once in a life time trip. You sound like a terrible person in spite of Facebook not because of it. I guarentee that you discouraging your kids from having Facebook accounts (or whatever their equivalent is) will only do harm. Privacy in the modern era means being selective about the disclosure of content. It doesn't mean completely pulling away from social networks which are increasingly vital to social interaction. Plus pretty sure you don't understand modern day kids otherwise you would know that private tools e.g. Snapchat are more often the real invasion of privacy. Can you show me at what point there was some actual evaluation of why he was doing the things he was ? Because sorry but I don't see anything courageous or introspective there. I just see a blind rant by somebody who clearly cares way too much about what his friends think. OSX printer support wasn't bad because of low marketshare. It was bad because it was a new operating system. And it wasn't just printers but everything. Drivers, applications, utilities. They all took years to move to OSX. And most technologically astute people (young or old) know that OSX relies extensively on UNIX software of which CUPS is just one part. Hilarious. How is that river of money working out for HTC, Sony, LG, Motorola ? What on earth are you ranting about ? It IS his own hangup if he feels uncomfortable using a laptop in a cafe. Millions of people do it every single day and see no issue. Apple never had a cross promotional marketing effort with the makers of Mighty Mouse. Civil disobedience against the "people at the bottom of the org chart" is the height of stupidity and futility. And your childish, short term approach will do absolutely nothing other than antagonise your fellow flyers (many of whom will be in a rush). And I could have implemented this on any computer going back 30 years. What exactly is your point ? And here comes the typical (and tired) one-two punch. 1. Blame something on Apple "fanboys" or commentariat. 2. When someone calls you out proclaim "but I use/like a Mac". Last time I checked WWDC slides it only does this when connected to Wi-Fi. It's very common for foreigners staying at that hotel to get drunk every night. There is no internet, no other recreations and you aren't allowed to leave the hotel. And their home brewed beer is actually pretty good. Surprised they never mentioned the bowling alley / video game parlour which is hugely popular amongst the children of the well to do. None of what you said makes sense. Firstly on iOS you can send as many IPAs as I want to friends, testers, colleagues etc provided I've gone through the 30s process of adding them to Apple's list. This isn't some giant inconvenience that warrants completely switching a platform. Secondly if your app is intended to be cross platform. Then why would you start creating OS specific functionality you know will never work on the other platform. It's completely illogical. iOS is likely to remain the primary platform for prototyping. Why ? Because it is just so much nicer. The iOS Simulator "just works" and exactly mirrors your target devices. Not the pathetic joke that comes with the Android SDK which has no relation to how your app will run on a Samsung versus HTC devices. We are talking about choosing iOS versus Android for prototyping. My point is that the iOS development experience is far superior to Android in particular because of the strength of the simulator. How you "get your code running" is the most important part of the dev life cycle. I spent many years in "agency land" developing for iOS, Android, Blackberry, Windows Phone. If you disagree that iOS is the more enjoyable platform to build for then contribute to the discussion. Otherwise you are the worthless one here. I take it you've NEVER actually developed on iOS before. The simulator in almost every situation matches the device. And I don't understand how connecting your phone to your Mac constitutes "a royal pain in the butt". Does real hardware convert x86 to ARM ? No. So remind me again what your point is ? Why is HN still tolerating this disgraceful excuse for a company ? Hacked twice. On both occasions deliberately withheld key information from their customers. Which as VPS providers is pretty much the most important thing they can do (i.e. be transparent about security issues). It's hilarious for me to watch the hyperbole about the CIA, NSA, Snowden etc and yet tolerate a more direct and clear abuse of privacy and security. I am so sick of this obsession with cost/benefit analysis. How can you possibly quantify the future benefits of the NBN ? Nobody could have predicted that when the copper lines were installed that one day it would be primarily used for the internet. And the historic changes to the world economy it has caused. So why even attempt to do it ? Or why not just say it will cost $50 billion but result in $500 trillion worth of benefits. Everyone is missing the real tragedy though. You can only pay for the fibre if you own the premises. Which basically means that anyone who rents will never have access to the NBN. Who typically rents ? Young people. Again with the competition/market will solve everything mantra. It's just rubbish. If we leave it up to the market then only the profitable sectors will get high speed internet. The rest (i.e. rural and country areas, outer city, poor neighborhoods) will be left with the decrepitated copper system. How exactly does that help anyone or the economy ? All I see here is a lot of claims with zero evidence. And some of those points e.g. a non encrypted mode seem entirely reasonable for testing purposes. And wouldn't end to end encryption be pointless if you are trying to secure a mobile connection since the NSA has hooks into the provider's core infrastructure ? Have to agree that the JVM's long startup time is pretty overblown. It is a fraction of the total startup time of a typical app and there are quite a few caching solutions e.g Drip already. And IMHO one technology is responsible for much of the hatred towards Java and that is Spring. Seriously you need to ask yourself if this paranoid borderline delusional state is really worth it. If the government wanted to "get you" then they could do quite fine with all the existing technologies. If they wanted to frame a crime scene they could put your DNA everywhere. If they wanted to steal your bank accounts they could get your internet banking details. They have already been harbouring fingerprints for decades now. Nothing Apple has announced will change that one iota. Look HN is not a US-only site. For those of us in the other 200 odd countries it really is boring as hell to have to wade through your pointless, unsubstantiated paranoia. Since when were all point and shoot cameras $70 ? Many of the Micro 4/3s and higher end P&S like Sony RX100 are relatively pricey and could find the iPhone snapping at their heels. The difference in quality could easily be acceptable given the benefits of an internet connected device e.g. Facebook, Instagram, Flickr. The 5C is not about a higher profit margin for Apple. It's about maintaining their current profit margin whilst offering carriers a bigger incentive to bundle and sell and their phones. Nokia's designer and product managers have nothing to be proud of in its history. They let companies like Apple, Samsung etc come in and dominate what was their industry to own. Apple has been planning this for years. If they wanted to make it cheaper they would have. It is a deliberate move and the key is now to understand why they did it. One of the things people always forget is Apple's brand. The best place to see this exemplified is Ginza, Tokyo where the store is right next to Louis Vuitton, Prada, Chanel etc. It sees itself as a premium, fashionable brand. Pricing it low would have the effect of short term financial gain but at the expense of commoditising the iPhone's brand. Which would make people far less willing to spend the extra money on the 5S (which has the larger margins). Why stop there ? I definitely want to know HN's opinion on knitting, kite surfing, food preparation, Game of Thrones, car maintenance as well. They are equally relevant to worldwide "hackers" as US-only politics. The general public knows as much as they want to know about the topic. And wake up and smell the coffee here. Nobody cares what you, me or the rest of the "tech scene" thinks about politics. It's the pathetic arrogance of people in the "tech scene" who walk around acting like they are the only enlightened ones and they are somehow uniquely qualified to educate people on the subject. It's not urgent to a lot of Americans just you. Will the news change depending on if it's reported today, tomorrow or next way ? No ? Then it's NOT urgent. Nothing to see here. There is an existing implementation, Apple's implementation and hence it will take at least several months to merge the two, legal sign off and then committed. I am sorry but nobody cares what a bunch of computer nerds thinks about politics. And remind me again why they should ? What because there is money in technology ? Great. Next time I am looking for help fixing my car I will ask a florist. Simple. There are some use cases for which MongoDB will be 5x faster than any other system. It is relatively unique among databases in that it is a document store as opposed to a relational system. It is also very easy to use and manage. We've seen this gameplay tried many, many times before. It NEVER works. You need to lock developers to your platform whichever way you can if you want to survive. Most developers you see around will be using OSX. It just works and many UNIX apps have nice GUI wrappers/installers. You can pickup the older 17inch MacBook Pro off eBay which are fantastic, cheap developer machines. Plus if you are doing any web development then at some point you will need Photoshop/Illustrator. As for IDE I personally use Sublime or Vim. To say that the benefits of increased vegetation outweighs the rise in sea levels and summer temperatures is breathtaking in its stupidity and cruelty. The people who are the most affected by climate change are the poorest and least able to relocate. In which way does humanity benefit if millions die in Africa and South East Asia whilst wealthy industrialists get to farm further north than previously. It's also bizarre to be thinking so short term. So we benefit if there is a 1.2 degree increase in the next 70 years. What about the 70 years after that, and after that ? No offence but people such as yourself really are the worst. It's clear that you have absolutely no scientific knowledge about the subject but yet believe you know enough to disparage experts in the field. If you don't know about the subject (and I don't) the only sensible position to take is an objective risk management one: Chance of worse case scenario (10%) x Impact of worst case scenario (Severe) = Prepare Contingency Plans. Because millions are dying today as a result of preventable malnutrition or disease. What makes you think the world is going to act to save poor people in SE Asia or Africa ? And slow changes to climate don't instantly cause millions of deaths it is gradual as well. Because nuclear power comes with plenty of short/medium term problems as we are seeing today in Fukushima. Much better to exhaust every ounce of potential out of safe, clean renewable sources first. It means more food for more people IF you are able to relocate to those areas. But since the poorest in the world are generally less able to relocate I fail to see how it will benefit them in any way. And if they are able to relocate what makes you think countries will let them. Look at the issue of "boat people" in Australia or immigration in general in Europe. This is the sort of problems that directly affect the poorest: http://www.worldbank.org/en/news/press-release/2013/06/19/wa... And it's not millions dying instantly it's over an extended period of time as well. The best Java libraries from my perspective are the ones for large scale projects. You can leverage proven techniques and technologies. e.g. http://twitter.github.io or http://netflix.github.io What do you mean what does it mean ? Leverage = take advantage of Proven = demonstrated to have worked Techniques = using one approach versus another Technologies = existing code Link to the original instead of this blog spam: https://blog.twitter.com/2013/observability-at-twitter The "three lines to represent a menu" metaphor has existed for years now. It just hasn't been as widely used until probably in the last year or so. I wouldn't use it to assume that iOS apps are being designed from Android apps or vice versa. You're just making baseless extrapolations. That's a pretty dumb comparison. Windows 8 has been polarising and comes at a time when PCs in general has seen almost no growth. You are better off looking back at the Windows 95 days. In which case Microsoft allowed OEMs to customise parts of the OS whilst still allowing updates. Google has just poorly designed Android. End of story. Only if you have never used iOS7. When you use it is distinctive and nothing at all like Android. It is exactly as has been promoted: a new OS that you still know how to use. Pretty simple really. They haven't used either. WP8 and iOS7 are about as different as you could possibly get. Well your feelings are horribly misplaced. Jonathan Ive has more authority than anyone at Apple (Tim Cook included). He didn't have to change anything. He wanted to. And when you see the iPhone 5C with iOS 7 it's pretty clear why. In what bizarre universe does the 5C reek of insecurity ? The easy road would have been to release a cheap iPhone. But instead Apple chose to price it the same as the previous iPhone 5 and expand their margins. I always find it so hilarious watching people go down this "if Steve Jobs was alive he would never do this" path. Because as was documented in his biography Apple's current strategy was at minimum signed off by Steve. And more than likely he was fully involved in crafting it. But hey I am sure you're much smarter than the same management and design teams that has been in places during the invention of the iPod, iPad and iPhone. Google's future is markedly better than Facebook's ? No way. Facebook has stickiness and the network effects to keep people on it. Google has none of that. If a better search engine appeared overnight everyone would switch to it and that would be the end of Google. If a better social network appeared very few people would switch. In fact I would postulate that if Microsoft managed to convince Mozilla and Apple to change the default search engines to Bing that it could be almost enough to send Google into a death spiral. Provide a great experience. Trying to explain to my parents how to get a music file from their browser downloads folder into iTunes would be challenging to say the least. However saying just click this button to Buy and it will be in your Recently Added playlist is much easier. Biometrics ARE a more secure replacement/alternative to passwords. Are they perfect ? No. But nothing is. It would be much sooner than 5 years. And it's not about smartphones but tablets. Firstly nobody cares what hardware you have. It doesn't make what you say any more or less accurate. Which in this case doesn't matter because you're talking complete nonsense. Apple does not send your fingerprint over the wire. And yet you felt the need to post here and bore us with this vacuous comment. People care about phones because they stopped being just phones years ago. If your app is CPU intensive then why wouldn't you look at dedicated ? Switching to Linode is always a terrible idea considering how disgraceful their security and business practices are. Looks like it is designed to compete with the likes of SAP HANA. And remember that you go with Oracle for more than just technology. Lots of reasons. It supports SQL, you can gradually move data to the in-memory stores, DBAs/Operations teams already know how to manage it and it is well supported. Plus it would destroy both DynamoDB and MongoDB in certain use cases. This is probably the dumbest post I've seen yet on iOS 7. The default wallpaper is not cyan. It changes depending on phone and user. The number of emails you see in Notification Center is controlled in your Settings and it is not supposed to be a competitor to Google Now. The photo chrome hides when you tap on the photo and finally the Messages bubbles aren't that shade of green. It's darker and just as readable as iOS 6. If you are operating your phone whilst driving then you deserve to crash. And on your points. Yes you can search in Music, pull the list down and the search bar appears. Filters are useless sure but I don't remember Apple forcing you to use them. And I have not once hit the Bluetooth button whilst swiping control centre so it might be just a personal thing. It's all pretty simple really. The number of people who want more hard disk space and aren't willing to use an external drive is small. So small in fact that it isn't worth Apple's time to design a computer specifically catered to them. You mean companies sometimes promote features that still have bugs ? My god that is incredible. I can't believe that has never happened before. Oh wait it has. On nearly every single software project in the history of software projects. As someone who bought Clear I fully disagree with the premise of this post. All they had to do was recompile the app and potentially fix a few small bugs. You can't sit there and act like it was some monumental change that warranted screwing over your existing users. If they are unhappy with how much money they are making then they simply need to raise their prices. Exactly. If you can't build something unique then don't complain if there are 100 other developers (some of whom may come from developing countries) who are happy to do for it less. There is a new era of apps being ushered in as a result of Bluetooth LE. Take advantage of it. Protection against what ? That is the desired behaviour of most people. And if it isn't then you can simple disable the behaviour. It's not like you will lose data since it is backed up to iCloud. You would think someone who claims to be an expert on databases would have a clue about his industry. MongoDB is a document database and is as different from almost every other NoSQL database as it is from every SQL database. It very much stands alone and requires your domain model to be structured in a particular way. To say that it "represents" NoSQL is ridiculous. And to act like a guide on how to scale MongoDB to store 100GB is a problem is also ridiculous. I can create domain models that almost every SQL database would struggle with that MongoDB could breeze through and vice versa. And seriously anyone claims Cassandra or Riak are misspent adventures are simply delusional. They are solving real world problems in particular around horizontal scaling today that could never be done as cheaply or easily as before. A master-master cluster that costs nothing, scales linearly and can be managed by a developer. Would love to know what product existed years ago that could do that. Likewise I take exception with the criticism of MySQL. It is an easy to use, manage and install and has the best tooling bar none. It does what it is intended to do perfectly. Some people who deal exclusively with ORM layers will never see the imperfections and just see the ease of use. Sorry but "fun" or "developer productivity" aren't allowed. You have to have a database that is expensive, obtuse or difficult to manage to be taken seriously. No SAP is an ERP company. HANA sales have been woeful from what I've heard. Likewise for Salesforce. They are still very much a one product company. MongoDB is a great database if you have a domain model that is more document driven. And who on earth uses MongoDB for caching ? I've never heard of a single company doing that. PostgreSQL has terrible sharding and clustering support. So no I would not be using it for any big data projects. MongoDB is also incredibly ease to install, use, manage and understand. But hey none of those are important to developers. We are just stupid sheep controlled by marketing. Only if you're a 5 year old. It's immature, unhelpful and generally pretty pathetic. Look clearly you have zero understanding of how enterprises work. And given you have added Hazelcast which is a distributed in-memory solution in there shows you have a poor understanding of technology as well. It is all about support. Big companies have operations teams who manage infrastructure and deployments. They aren't experts in databases and so want to be able to ring someone who can help them when the times get tough. 10gen understands this and have a great support story to talk about hence their popularity. Most OSS don't. I've worked at enterprise companies with MongoDB deployments. It is replacing Oracle databases which everybody is sick of. And given that most companies aren't clustering it is pretty much a simple drop in and replace scenario. Well here's a thought. Don't become dependant on support. EVERY company who sells to enterprises makes their revenue from support. It's been this way for decades. So if you are unhappy paying the money then invest in dedicated people. Boilerplate code isn't just a problem for the person creating it. It's for the 20 people afterward who are going to be browsing, maintaining and adding new features on top of it. It is also lines of code that serve no purpose. And even the best IDEs can't help with much of what I've seen in large Java apps. Or how about an even more intelligent approach. Let's only spend money on people who are paying taxes. Am sure the world would be better with less students, seniors, veterans etc. Hilarious considering that Medicare had far more serious problems throughout its inception and you consider the billing component to be successful. Like all website launch problems in the months and years from now people are going to forget they ever happened. And instead will find having an independent marketplace to be incredibly useful. The states that have exchanges have already seen insurance premiums drop significantly. Your ignorance of the difference between server and client side Java leads me to believe that you're probably wrong. "the bulk of which ($88 million) went to CGI Federal, the company awarded a $93.7 million contract to build Healthcare.gov and other technology portions of the FFEs" That is from the article. RTFA everyone. The website cost $93.7m. The rest of the money went to infrastructure, call centre, collection services and building out the state based exchanges. > People are slowly leaving Facebook as they seek out more privacy control. No they aren't. This is just baseless nonsense. I would be very surprised if my name, photo and review appeared in advertising. Who wouldn't ? Weird. I haven't had any issues with iOS 7 and it is hardly been a complete and utter embarrassment. The more likely explanation is that there are issues with the 64-bit transition e.g. drivers or kernel bugs. You're not making any sense. These are 5S specific bugs not general to iOS7. These bugs are specific to iPhone 5S so the 6+ years reference is irrelevant. And if you actually know how OSs work then you would know that bugs in the kernel or driver will always cause problems regardless of how mature the entire OS is. No of course I am not saying that. What I am saying is that the majority of testing would have been done with iOS7 on shipping devices which have had no issues. The issues seen are specific to 5S which clearly indicates driver or kernel problems. I am sure most agree that genetics is integral to educational success. But so what ? Is the aim then to measure IQ in kindergarden and then decide at that point whether that person should be afforded the privilege of going to university ? And what happens if the tests are flawed (like almost all are) are we then going to accept an entire generation of disadvantaged children ? And surely everyone has worked with people who aren't book smart but are brilliant in their respective fields. If recent history has taught us anything is that humans are the sum of many, many parts. And the minute you start narrowly categorising them you do them and humanity a massive disservice. > We need to accept our genetic limits and act accordingly. This statement reminds me a lot of the movie Gattaca. One should never discount the importance of ambition, work ethic and passion. Ambition, work ethic and passion for me has nothing to do with genetics. And everything to do with upbringing. If you are angry with the world there is a good chance you will work hard to change it. Makes sense to me. People who think it is funny to waste people's time, cause needless panic and generally be disruptive are nothing but selfish assholes. And worst of all it induces a boomerang effect where people rally against you and dismiss the legitimate privacy concerns. If you actually cared about what the TSA was doing you would be an adult and lobby your local representative. I collect street art as my hobby and Banksy originals are much, much higher than low 5 figures for an original. Usually it's that amount of money for a print edition run of 150/200. That said it is a supply/demand game and these aren't as intricate or interesting as his other pieces. Wouldn't the fact that Linode is a security nightmare that consistently lies to its customers a bigger reason to move? What Digital Ocean did here seems completely reasonable. Why would Digital Ocean give them access to the server ? If the server is compromised then it should be permanently shut down immediately. Interesting. I believe that PostgreSQL hasn't moved quickly enough. After all these years they still don't have a clear and coherent clustering or sharing story. It's bad because Japan has an extremely low net migration rate. For comparison Australia has 16x that of Japan. So whilst globally yes we should be aiming to reduce the total population Japan specifically has serious problems. Except that people will only evolve once the resources are completely gone. The underlying problem is that sustainable products almost always have a price premium attached to them. And because the benefits of sustainability are indirect it's hard to convince people to pay more. Sorry but you're completely wrong on this. The problem is that people in general are living longer but the retirement age is staying roughly the same. So as time goes on you have a higher percentage of the people who aren't working but yet consuming public resources. In the short term it is bad. In the long term it is devastating. Which is why every developed country is aggressively increasing the immigration rate to compensate. Well except for Japan. The worst thing is that in places like Japan especially housing availability is a real problem. Which means you will have young people being forced to live with their parents well into their 20s. And what happens when you have young people living with their parents ? Far less opportunities for sex. Configuring write-locks ? I guess you have never actually used MongoDB before which explains why absolutely none of what you said makes any sense. MongoDB is far easier to use, manage the schema with and scale than PostgreSQL. I've never understand people that worry so much about the schema. It's like they've missed the last decade of computing. Everybody these days uses ORM. Which means that (a) data migration between databases is a relatively simple task and (b) schemas often just get in your way. It wasn't a good marketing tool. It was the truth. MongoDB IS by every measure a very simple and easy to use database. Or they could just be interested in adding useful features. PostgreSQL has HSTORE which is a useful but proprietary feature. Cassandra has the ability to have Lists/Maps as data types. Again useful but proprietary. If you are that concerned about database independence then do what everyone else does. Use an ORM, minimise coupling in your domain model and do as much as possible in the application layer. I see it being useful for server utility apps. The sort of thing you might in the past have done using Bash, Python, Perl etc. The barebones nature of the language and the ability to package everything into a single executable is incredibly handy for these use cases. For everything else no. The JVM is going to continue to dominate for medium to large apps with Scala and Clojure offering something new and original whilst allowing for existing code to be reused. And for smaller apps it's hard to look past Javascript. No. In 10 years time it will sadly be forgotten like many of Google's experiments. The low-risk, conservative, sensible and boring choice exists today. It's Java. And as enterprises adopt functional programming via Scala/Clojure it will only cement those characteristics. Mac apps can't run on iOS because of the architecture difference. It's the same reason Windows apps can't run on Surface RT. Customers generally do not want to run Windows apps on their tablet. If they did then Surface Pro would be the number one seller. I have a 2010 MacBook Pro and it's about 10-20% better battery life. Mavericks IMHO is designed for the newer MacBooks which really need to get to 8+ hours battery life for it to change people's behaviour i.e. being able to realistically leave the power adapter at home. I can't see Apple wasting its time with "most Androids". The only two companies that this would apply to are Samsung and Google/Motorola. Please understand what prior art means before talking about it again. And Apple acquired these patents from Fingerworks who predated Microsoft Surface by nearly a decade. Now brace yourself because this might blow your mind. How about switching it off. Please. Google Wallet is going to disappear into the night like every other Google experiment. Of course the general public has no idea how advanced the manufacturing sector really is. I doubt anybody would know how advanced every sector is. Innovation has been increasing at a pretty dramatic pace over the last 100 years. Services are generally using HTTP/REST these days. It's more that robots can do tasks with unrivalled precision at temperature/pressure extremes that would kill a human. If your load balancer/DNS goes down then every service won't be able to find other services. With this approach everything will still work. You may have good intentions but this article was condescending, destructive and self-serving. You keep reinforcing these stereotypes about IT that (a) women aren't capable, (b) men are antagonistic towards women (c) they will never be promoted or accepted amongst their peers and (d) there is rampant sexism. These stereotypes are not pervasive, not unique to just IT and simply don't exist at many types of companies in particular many enterprises. But don't worry women despite all of this you have come to save the day with a beginner's Clojure article that will gain you the respect of your peers. Give me a break. I am surprised no one has mentioned the elephant in the room. If they deliberately went back and aimed for feature parity then what does that mean for the iOS and OSX APIs ? Is a future convergence on the horizon or perhaps a layer above that allows for common behaviour and has Apple built it already ? And what does that mean for future iOS hardware that could run OSX apps and vice versa. > Probably not going to happen though, older eyes are not the 'fashionable' eyes. Especially since Apple is pushing for developers to support the text zooming feature which should help usability for older and sight impaired users. On what basis ? Snowden committed a crime and under existing extradition treaties would be sent back to the US. Diplomatic incidents happen all the time. It doesn't affect the law. Especially not with companies like Samsung deliberately rigging benchmark tests. So why not just say we would like to do this but don't have time ? The impression I got was that they would never implement it. Honestly who cares ? Without Apple, Microsoft, Samsung and Sony on board (all are in MPEG-LA and will adopt H.265) it is dead on arrival. And adopt WebM for what business gain ? Almost nothing supports it. And with Apple dominating in web usage, editing tools and phones/tablets it is hard to see any format surviving without their support. And of course they are fully behind H.265. Google's continued abuse of the FRAND process has done nothing to hurt their image in the eyes of most. And likewise this suit won't affect Apple or Microsoft's reputation one iota. Please. Stop acting like Google is some innocent child. It's pathetic. Google has been using SEPs as weapons and undermining standards and the huge benefits they bring to humanity. Apple made significant API changes as well. https://developer.apple.com/library/ios/releasenotes/General... You likely aren't their target audience. My guess is they are catering to enterprises keen to move into the cloud and for whom TCO is more than just the price of the server. Also Linode is a security nightmare and Hetzner doesn't always have instances available.