iamleppert, are you me? I went through literally the exact same situation (same problem with the manager, same outcome, etc.), though instead of quitting I finished the pip and switched to a new team (I was already on another team by the second or third day of the pip as I was taking it to HR, which doesn't always work out - it did in this case). New team thought it was absolutely ridiculous I was on it, as did many members of the original team. I finished the pip just fine. I work at Large Transportation Company. Same shit over here. Once I was working with a manager that loved the fact I'm gay, I do great work, stress levels are down (or at least, the stress incurred is the 'fun' kind of stress), etc. I do agree the review process is ridiculous - I've never been in a company where they had them prior to this. We were told to choose 2-5 coworkers that were really involved in our day to days within the review period (6 months), and after doing so my manager went in and added the rest of the team (including coworkers I barely saw that I had one or two interactions with over the course of months), including other coworkers that had made very brash comments about my boyfriend/age or about gays in general. Manager used that shitty feedback from three out of the nine total employees that reviewed me (that otherwise gave pretty glowing reviews) to initiate the pip. There was a whole bunch of other BS with the situation - e.g. a manager and another coworker joking about satanic rituals against us in our team HipChat room - that I really don't feel like going into detail about that just added insult to injury. What's worse, there has been no investigation into the matter much past asking the offending manager to "talk about things". Oh well. When you have 11,000+ employees, it's hard to have an objective team investigate every single review. Plus, how can this objective team, with little to no context of daily interactions, assess whether or not feedback is "legitimate" or dripping in disdain? 1) You should definitely research who Fedor Indutny is. 2) If you think companies aren't already doing this, you're lying to yourself. 3) This is a harmless experiment made to spotlight how simple it is to identify someone just by their typing. This could be used in a multitude of ways. 4) Stop generalizing "people in tech", and stop assuming everyone builds stuff for no reason. This is a deliberate experiment, made on purpose, for a very good reason. I maintain quite a few high-traffic packages on npm and have done so for years. Npm is really bad about handling any sort of situation with any amount of grace. Per my anecdotal experience, they are really good at choosing the outcome that benefits them the most/harms them the least - which wouldn't upset me since most companies do this, but it's Npm's "we're here for the community" type of fake attitude that has always bothered me. This looks incredible. Will definitely be playing with this in the coming days. Happy to see something like this. I paid for Synergy a long time ago, but as others have echoed, I'm not a huge fan of the direction they took. Hi. I'm the maintainer of https://npmjs.org/package/color and https://npmjs.org/package/color-convert . Curious what your library does differently aside from API design. `color-convert` has been around for years and has supported all of these algorithms plus more - and it does a BFS search to convert between models that do not have an explicitly written conversion algorithm. I'm not one to say "don't do this", but I'm generally pretty against re-inventing the wheel if there's something to be improved upon. I wanted to incorporate MongoDB into a C++ server at one point. Their C/C++ client is literally unusable. I went to look into writing my own that actually worked and their network protocols are almost impossible to understand. BSON is a wreck and basically the whole thing discouraged me from ever trying to interact with that project again. This is a Good Thing. Remember the Boston bomber? I don't have a solution, but making all police communications public in real-time only puts innocent people at risk. > In the process I have found that even HIPAA is not a protocol, it is a largely unspecific set of guidelines for how patient data should be stored and transmitted. Former HIPAA security officer here; to be abundandly clear, there _are_ very specific guidelines for which information must be anonymized. I don't think you were saying the alternative, just sounded a little like "anything goes" which is definitely not the case. As for your point about guidelines, that's entirely true - last time I read the section about encryption, it just specified "state of the art encryption" which is... a poor way to specify that. My 2019 macbook did this, I always wondered what it as. Pretty much my thoughts too. Trying to do game development on macos doesn't make much sense anymore. My next machine will probably be windows, even though I dislike Microsoft and everything they're about. Typical case of software using seemingly high-tech jargon and buzzwords to up/oversell an otherwise uninteresting project. > For the first time, Tor Browser users on desktop will be able to opt-in for using onion sites automatically whenever the website makes them available. Good. This is, in my opinion, one of the bigger pain points of the whole Tor experience. I don't personally think the problem is with understanding how onion addresses work (I've explained them to my mother and she understands the concept pretty easily), it's just the user-experience that has always been kind of a pain - even for people that use Tor often and understand it well. I don't use the Tor browser for a number of reasons, so I can only hope other browsers follow suit. > I think that's all the validation we need for HTML/CSS/JS as the best tool for UI development nowadays. "Best" makes it sound like the entire landscape isn't an ocean of garbage. Sounds neat, first newsletter I've voluntarily subscribed to since I was a child. Looking forward to the next issue. IME, more bodies usually always equates to more bugs and slower release cycles. In isolated incidents, perhaps. As a general rule, no. Police officers are not evil and crooked as a general rule - only the paranoid or willfully ignorant believe that. > police officers organizations, as a rule, strongly defend officers involved (demonstrably so, not merely accused) in corrupt and abusive acts Got a source? I've worked with/dated/am related to quite a few LEOs in various parts of the country. This has never been true in my experiences. That's hardly a "rule". It is for me. Tor runs as a daemon, then I have my Firefox proxy settings to always hit Tor. Onion addresses work, and Firefox refuses to connect if the Tor daemon isn't running. Paired with Firefox actually honoring my requests to purge all information upon exit (instead of chrome only "kind of" doing it), it certainly works out quite well for me. The thing is, doing this is actually quite trivial. Graph databases are used in large part for this very usecase. Can someone explain? From what I understand, they don't plan to replace TCP/IP. The body of text merely states it has been a staple of internet protocols, somehow saying it's been even further proven during covid-19. No, this isn't going to change anything. Not every piece of news has to affect current events and their trajectories. I wonder how this will affect the subway station photo booths. For those that don't know, at least in Berlin (possibly other places) many U-Bahn (Subway) stations have photo booths for passport photos. They're apparently verifiable by the government, but I've never really understood how. This sounds like those booths will no longer work. Anyone have any more info? I'm an American expat in Germany. I've never had my fingerprints checked, neither in the US not at any country borders. Could be a privilege stemming from US/EU diplomacy but I've never heard of them checking anyone else's fingerprints. I disagree. Who is sorting those tickets? Are they sorted arbitrarily or were the technicals considered? Is the ticket at the top feasible given the current state of the codebase/product? In theory this would work, but it has the pre-requisite that whomever is managing tickets understands technology - which, in my 10 years in the field, has been quite rare. Agreed. Github's Stale Bot is the most infuriating, aggravating and insulting bot in widespread use. Every time I encounter it, I reevaluate whether or not I even want to contribute to the project. TTYs in general are some of the most outdated and archiac pieces of technology still used today. They need a serious overhaul, but the problem is, any major change will break pretty much all programs. Please, stop using HTTP and JSON as a transport. I can't take any project seriously that thinks this is a good combination. Everything at Uber was HTTP and JSON and all it did was slow things down and cause more bug surface area. I will never, ever install Fuchsia if I can help it. Replacing one Google Spyware OS with another doesn't solve anything. It's not about impressiveness - surely, it's impressive. However, the article is more or less critiquing the discourse surrounding the model - namely, that there is a strange misconception floating around that it's somehow a general purpose AI that can understand and think about the world similar to a human. Which, of course, it cannot. If the claims about GPT-3 were accurate, there'd be a lot less of a flare-up about it. Don't claim your software does what it can't. > Initiated a PayPal chargeback process - PayPal responded: "we’ve determined there was no unauthorized use" Yep. This is why I avoid PayPal like the plague. I've never heard good things about them. Apple takes it more seriously than the Windows teams do, sure. That's not to say Apple is perfect. Their "root"/"" login bypass zero-day was absolutely unacceptable, even compared with Microsoft's problems. Other than that, I'd trust an Apple device over a windows device any day of the week. > If I had been awarded a five-year $62,500/year grant with the sole condition of "do research", I would almost certainly have persevered in academia If that were a thing, I would have actually wanted to go to college. I was fortunate enough to have some high school teachers lay it out plainly for me given my interests and desires, and concluded much the same things as Colin has stated in the article. Not going turned into the first large risky thing I did in my life that really, _really_ paid off in later years. There was no incentive otherwise to go for the same reasons described in this article. alternate unbrided.com: First ever DaaS - divorce as a service. Only one endpoint, DELETE /v1/marriage. As a parrot owner, this is true. It's a huge scare in the community because it's one of those facts not well known by even moderately-experienced/-researched owners. It's almost a guaranteed kill to a parrot when heated. Very dangerous stuff. I pulled in the image from the article and tried it myself. A few minutes of fiddling around with the various filters, I got this result: https://imgur.com/82yHUoM I reckon that'd be enough to run through a database. This article is super annoying to read. TLDR: 25 year old made up fake accounts of being a former ISIS member and conducting executions. Police arrested him for causing public outrage and other shenanigans. TIL political neutrality in a company workplace is a controversial issue... I'm all for nuclear power but this is not at all how I want them to behave. It's not often that power companies do good by their customers and this app sounded like it was genuinely a win-win. Dispicable. Hey it's you! You wrote social cooling too, which I really enjoyed. Great site. Thank you for sharing it. The average beauty score ranges from something like -150000 to +150000. Not sure why! Oh so this is what's happening to my repos. I maintain one that gets ~60 million downloads a week, and is usually the first thing people run to for help when something unrelated goes wrong. This is nothing new, though the volume has increased a bit. Gen Y here. Agreed. I had one of those TVs. The ads show up in the menu bar. I called them and told them I paid over a thousand dollars for this TV and do not want ads. They said they'd be happy to help me disable my internet connection. I was so dumbfounded at the petty response that I simply hung up. Lost a customer for life. I will never again buy a Samsung product. This. When I was in California I tried to find a 4k TV that was "dumb". It was impossible. > but most average consumers definitely wouldn't. This is the problem. We're so used to giving up privacy now that, slowly, they're chipping away at the small amount we have remaining. And it affects everyone. They scrape all of your contacts and create ghost profiles to better track connections of even people who do not use their services. Apple does this too. Well, did - not sure if they still do. Well that just took me down a several hour rabbit hole. Thank you. It was a discussion a while back I had with someone that used to work for them. Not sure how much of it was public. Don't even start. This. Event-based systems do not satisfy the "passive" part of active/passive dist-sys design - ergo, they are not fault tolerant by themselves, and most machinery designed around making them quasi-fault-tolerant tend to be bigger headaches in the long run (see Apache Kafka). I've had to explain this to a dozen teams so far in my career and most of them go ahead with the design anyway, regretting it not even 6 months later. "Yeah but it's not like they're banking on that, nobody thinks that far ahead." If you've spent even a minute working in the marketing world, you'd know that yes, yes they do. They think exactly that far, and then about another 10 steps beyond that. Those prompts are most definitely designed to be willed away by the user without allowing them to fully grok the consequences. Unfortunately, it's not measurable, provable, or enforcably illegal. Absolutely not. URL-based imports are a security risk, availability nightmare, and fragile system built with the assumption that things are never renamed, taken down or significantly changed, or that the developer always has an internet connection. Depends cannot be resolved offline, and time becomes a factor for the correctness of code (i.e. you fetch a dependency, code against it, dependency changes public API, coworker fetches your code, fetches the dependency, build is now inexplicably broken). Not to mention DNS hijacking, BGP, caching, locality, etc. can all affect how dependencies are fetched. Further, not using a registry makes in-house mirrors a nightmare due to having to re-route DNS requests all the time. It's an all around _terrible_ feature in my opinion and I am very careful to distance myself from any project claiming otherwise. I miss this about Twitter. Everyone once in a while, Archillect will get a bit, uh... "stimulated" and post some pretty interestingly NSFW photos, usually a small batch of 5 or 6 in a row. The comments always made me chuckle. I believe you're both talking about two separate designs - I'm sure one might have influenced the other but they're certainly not the same. The analog knob you're referring to, I think, is the _very_ old design that functioned more like an egg timer. It was spring loaded and simply turned on the microwave circuit and broke it when the timer mechanically reached resting position. The new knob is digital, and you use it to navigate a digial menu and to increase/decrease the timer prior to pressing it inward to start the process. Completely novel input mechanism. Kafka persists events locally, which when mishandled can cause synchronization issues. If an event-based system has to cold-restart, it becomes difficult if not impossible to determine which events must be carried out again in order to restart processes that were in progress when the system went down. This is a characteristic with all event-based systems, but persistence-enabled event systems (such as Kafka) make it even harder because now there are events already "in flight" that have to be taken into account. Event-based systems that do not have persistence (and thus are simply message queues used as a transport mechanism) have a strong guarantee that _no_ events will be in-flight on a cold-start, and thus you have an easier time figuring out the current overall state of the system in order to make such decisions. The only other way around this is to make every possible consumer of the event-based system strongly idempotent, which (in most of the problem spaces I've worked in) is a pipe dream; a large portion certainly can be idempotent, but it's very hard to have a completely idempotent system. Keep in mind, anything with the element of time tends not to be idempotent, and since event systems inherently have the element of time made available to them (queueing), idempotency becomes even harder with event based systems. A rule of thumb when I am designing systems is that a data point should only have one point of persistence ("persistence" here means having a lifetime that extends beyond the uptime of the system itself). Perhaps you have multiple databases, but those databases should not have redundant (overlapping) points of information. This is the same spirit of "source of truth", but that term tends to imply a single source of truth, which isn't inherently necessary (though in many cases, very much desirable). Kafka, and message queues or caches like it (e.g. Redis with persistence turned on), breaks this guarantee - if the persistence isn't perfectly synchronized, then you have, essentially, two points of persistence for the same piece of information, which can (and does) cause synchronization issues, leading you into the famously treaterous territory of cache invalidation problems. As with most technologies, you can reduce your usage of them to a point that they will work for you with reasonable guarantees - at which point, however, you're probably better off using a simpler technology altogether. Some context for readers: This is Antirez, the creator of Redis. Dude's insanely smart (saying this not yet having read the article). EDIT: I see he's here in the comments. Apologies for speaking for you, Antirez. This is Buzzfeed "News". Tread carefully. Meh I don't like the absolutism in this comment, personally. I'm well versed in coroutines and "fibers" and all of the theory surrounding it but haven't come across the formalized terminology (m:n, n:1, etc.). I'll give you another example: ropes are string classes with more complex data storage, useful for optimizing mutations and cutting down copies. The concept is easy to understand, and personally I've implemented them a number of times, but didn't know about the formalized term until the last year or so. The last sentence is a bit unfair and presumptuous, I think. Buzzfeed has a very well-established reputation for bias and shoddy journalistic practices - moreso than other news outlets. Manual load would be awesome. Those bent wrists are *screaming" carpel tunnel. Apparently the truth hurts too much. My original comment was downvoted and flagged. lol. Thanks for the links, I'll keep these around next time I have to bring this up again. > Amazingly it's like music Programming is the exact same way. If ever I'm in doubt of someone's design and I have an inkling of respect for them, I'll try to design the code from scratch in my head, or sometimes even redesign a toy version myself. This usually surfaces some weird property of the problem that explains their code. You can also go through their thought processes and see exactly how they made decisions along the way. I'd argue you can even infer philosophical viewpoints in some cases, too - all without actually communicating with the author. I love that about humans. One of the things I really admire about us. > salty, and gassy Deep groundwater passes the vibe check. It doesn't contain my last name and it's not the most unique one in the world (especially in France). C != C++. Really wish people would stop lumping them together. Compilers support both, but many compilers also support D, Obj-C, Obj-C++, assembly, etc. This article focuses almost entirely on C++, but the title would have you think otherwise. No, it doesn't. See the other comment for sources as to why. I've been commenting on these issues for years now on this exact repository. People are incredibly, incredibly dense. IIRC this is already the case. This. The Node.js community is a good example of where this has happened - lots of bad practices with fancy logos making it into the top 50 most depended upon packages (e.g. left-pad). The top-level comment is just being critical. It's not inappropriate. People just don't like having their feelings hurt. Ah okay I'm looking it up and it appears that the company must demonstrate that the word has a distinct association with their brand. Man, IP law is such grey area... no wonder there are constant disputes and abuses. Pretty much share this sentiment. I read their FAQ page and it left a really bad taste in my mouth. A further question that I'd like to add - are there any _truly_ open source initiatives that can remotely compete with GPT-3? What's stopping the OSS community (specifically, not just "funding")? Is it lack of compute power? Lack of data? The full tweet mentions Dario, too. The full tweet text: > I have no control & only very limited insight into OpenAI. Confidence in Dario for safety is not high. Dario is the research director by the way. This tweet says a lot, in my opinion. I can't see how they'd be able to achieve that, unless you mean simply that the device drivers would run in userland. The io fork? That was 0.12. Not 12.0. Unfortunately those lists are mandated by law. We had an idea to pitch to the government to introduce a better system but they won't hear it after RKI's/SAP's super-magic contact tracing app they spent 15 million euro on... This is outstanding. One thing I noticed is how "modern" their hairstyles appear. One even appears to have a fade. Just a random observation. I've had this idea but with libraries instead. Neat to see some similar lines of thinking. Some questions: - Is the project open-source? - Why no github signin? - How do you search for X but only in Y language? - How are you going to deal with duplication? - Will you be doing a full 2D spread of combinations? E.g. writing to a file is pretty common - perhaps you can create a relationship between languages so that you can see how it's done in other languages from the same page. - How will you handle cases where there are multiple ways of doing things? - Is search broken? "Write to a file" is the first entry there without searching, but searching for "write to a file" shows no entries. - How will you handle cases where environment matters? E.g. writing a file in Javascript is going to be different between web browsers and Node.js, and force-inlining a function is going to be different between clang and msvc, etc. Sorry, updated my post slower than you answered :D I had a few other questions Sorry for the double post - but editing a snippet causes the snippet to disappear entirely. A bug tracker would be really helpful here :) Contrary to popular belief, not all parties are held in order to find ephemeral sexual mates. Haha that website is also annoying. They're using the history API to manage the modals. So if you click that link directly, then click the X or simply click out of it, you end up back here. EDIT: I literally can't even click on the site's logo to go to their front page without being kicked out of their site entirely. EDIT2: Oh you made that site. Don't use the history API to go backwards (: it's a UX nightmare. Didn't mean to unleash a shotgun of criticisms on multiple of your projects, my apologies :D way more effort put into these than I normal put into side projects :) I would actually like to try portabella, hence why I was trying to click the logo :D That's the problem, though - we're finding that the majority of exposures are coming from super-spreader events, not one-off, individual encounters. They haven't released statistics yet for how good it's been working, so there's no way to know if their approach was helpful. Even then, SAP is the one that developed it for 15 million. The important bits were already completely by the universities. SAP just made a UI for it - for 15 million euros. That's an insane, absurd price to pay. How come a medium.com link is redirecting me to some unaffiliated website? But I thought Medium was a self-contained site... Why is it redirecting to another site? I don't understand. > automatically add a rule to open the firewall on linux There's no way this is true. This completely defeats the purpose of a firewall. If it is happening, then it's Docker doing this - not the linux firewall that comes stock with most distribution (iptables and the like). They would never simply add rules to the chains just because something was listening on that port. Really, the best security advice for using Docker is to not use Docker. Unfortunately, there aren't very many "hold your hand" alternatives available. Aside from LXD and that family of technologies, which are criminally underused. This is how C/C++ services are done in production, too. You have a build step that does `apk add --update alpine-sdk git cmake` etc., builds the service, and then you start again fresh with a FROM (new stage) and `COPY --from` over the build artifacts. Reading this thread I'm surprised this isn't common knowledge by now given how it's so incredibly paramount to efficient production releases. > Agreed. But when copying files to docker and building the image, you will have to take care that files are not written with root ownership in any stage of the build, which would make them inaccessible to the application running as non root. That's not the case, either. And root inside the container != root outside the container. A completely new user:group namespace is created inside the container. This is, in very large part, what Linux namespaces are for. Further, you can certainly have a root-owned file accessible to non-root users, via chmod bits. There are only a handful of excuses, ever, to run a privileged container. If you're not 100% sure, then it is not one of those excuses. This is right, I remember now - docker does mangle your iptables chains. I remember fighting with this a while back. Terrible practice, in my opinion. Docker shouldn't be touching firewall stuff. > This is a declaration where the value of --foo is literally one space character. I don't know if this is technically accurate though it leads to the same result. Whitespace in such languages is generally ignored - I believe this would just result in an empty property under the hood. EDIT: also why the off-kilter background shapes for the code blocks. It made me dizzy reading the article. I don't disagree with any of your points, but they aren't relevant to anything I've said. I never said Docker is the only one doing this. It's also not a surprise Docker in particular is doing this - Docker has a long history of doing bad things. This. Also, serverless and redis don't really make sense together - these things I'm supposed to "not care" about are things that directly affect the design of the system. Redundancy, eviction strategy, etc. - things I need to plan for. Redis shouldn't grow infinitely. It should be memory bounded. Your code should expect evictions - in fact, almost every key in your redis cache should have an expiry. Redis shouldn't be used over the internet like this anyway - you want colocated (in-datacenter) instances for sub-millisecond latency, otherwise what's the point? RedisLabs IIRC also only offers encryption as an enterprise feature, which is something that has always left a bad taste in my mouth. Used to work for Uber corporate. This doesn't surprise me at all. Yep, exactly. One other point I forgot to mention - this is not an "alternative to hosted redis". It's still hosted redis, just with fancier jargon and more obscure guarantees. I can't imagine this being robust. We've come full circle. The web developers are starting to realize there's a whole operating system underneath the browser that might actually be of some use. You don't know me or my background; please do not act like you do. I write parsers and compilers for fun, often. https://www.w3.org/TR/css-syntax-3/#parse-rule Whitespace tokens are skipped, as I suspected. There is no whitespace value. As I mentioned before, the result of what the author describes is the same, but the explanation isn't entirely accurate. It's harmless errata. Perhaps it is /you/ that doesn't know what they're talking about. Kubernetes as well. We ran into instances where iptables contention was so bad during outage recovery that things just stalled. iptables-save looked like a bomb went off. I really wanted to hate this going into it, but I think this is stellar. I echo some of the wishes of others, though - being able to truly modularize the license to include your terms in a way that is legally sound and reviewed would be groundbreaking. Perhaps you should actually read the article :) By modularization, I mean being able to configure the sorts of terms you want in your license, perhaps via UI. Instead of 6 or so fully-fleshed-out licenses for 6 unique purposes, you'd instead have a selection of "terms" or whatever that each add a limitation or a grant to the license. I'd be able to check something like "limited liability", "free to use", "free to modify" but perhaps leave "used commercially" and "must re-contribute modifications" unchecked. The generated result would be a license in a similar format to what PolyForm does now (which I really like, by the way) but with the customized terms. You could then retrofit the existing v1 contracts into the new system as presets. Tabs do not appear in common literature. They're easier to justify inputs not have them in order to avoid having a quotation or escaping mess. Commas are _way_ too common. CSV is an awful format anyway. That whole ecosystem is a devexp nightmare. I try to stay away from it entirely having worked with it extensively. Docker + Kubernetes are the biggest socially-acceptable hacks in the industry at the moment. You mean taking a 7 week intensive code camp doesn't immediately grant me enlightenment? > Almost no one provides tooling and platforms that address it. As a systems engineer with a good track record and an interest in starting an endeavor, this is a very attractive statement to me. Where can I read more about how the sensor networks are configured, the use-cases, etc? I'd like to read into this a bit more. Didn't even need to read the article to know this. Radar is a joke and Apple clearly doesn't take public bug reporting seriously. Meanwhile, Microsoft has a Github repository asking every day developers "what about Windows gets in your way of development?" and all issues are responded to personally by the Microsoft team and they have addressed quite a few long-standing issues people have in the OS in the form of automatic updates. I logged a Radar with Apple about 3-4 years ago (maybe longer) about an API failure about their recycle bin. I've followed up, pinged them, etc. No response. I don't like either company overall, but Microsoft really has been trying on this front, and it seems to be paying off. Apple is decades behind (it feels like the savannah days, if savannah were completely behind closed gates). What is this? Just an ad for Google? Not going to win a lot of clout around these parts... Google acting like this is a programming error. Any programmer would know this would have to be an edge case, perfect-storm type of bug for it to just magically decide google.com and youtube.com are not included in the wipe. I call bullshit. Google is an evil company, this is nothing new. Circumventing otherwise strict security rules for their own domains is shady in its own right. In either scenario, it's equally bad. > a very large majority of the time On the other other hand, most vague and fabricated statistics about anecdotal, speculative or subjective topics tend to have very little weight when making a point... You could have linked it yourself to refute what I said, then. But you didn't. You didn't waste any time insulting someone, though. > Twitter plays a central role in how we communicate and how news is spread. The fact a government agency has said this in an official report is saddening. > In most fights between adding a user feature and protecting user privacy, if the feature cannot be added otherwise, feature wins. /Not/ protecting user privacy is always shady, regardless of who the actor is. When done knowingly, it's almost always hostile. Why is something like browser identity (which is NOT a w3 standardization) at all linked with session identity? It is indeed true. I suppose it's more the juxtaposition of Twitter, which many people (including myself) have come to despise, with the government, which should be impartial about private endeavors (arguably), in the same report about Twitter's security deficiencies related to the election. It's just a strange pairing, and to me a bit sad that Twitter of all things has become America's backbone of formal communication. It feels like it could be in Idiocracy. That's all. > The easiest way to protect user privacy is to never implement any features. I don't subscribe to this school of thought, personally. I suppose that's where our differences lay. Feel free to explain. We'd love to know. It certainly wasn't add-ons. Firefox has a long history of performance issues. EDIT: I see the firefox brigade is out in full force. I don't believe this is ever the case. What happens if you legitimately installed a new keyboard? Will Apple just... prevent you from using it? Not that Telegram is the most secure thing on the planet, but it has feature parity with Whatsapp for the most part and supports groups perfectly, in my opinion. It's a much easier sell, I think. Plus it's definitely more secure than Whatsapp. Never again with Meson. The developer is a jerk and has dogmatic views on prpoject structure that do not match reality. NOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOO. This is terrible, terrible news. Nevermind that Signal is entirely open source and has been openly audited several times. Lol. If you're at a horse race, is it easier to discern the horses are running in circles from the sidelines, or from the bleachers? How about an overhead drone? Where does Signal prevent you from using your own server? Spin up your own and use it if you'd like. https://github.com/signalapp/Signal-Server Yeah lol. A# is not the same thing as B. It's the same as Bb though. Also, how do you answer sharps or flats? It just has the natural notes as answers. You inspired me to make an actual Perfect Pitch Test. Not sure how scientific it is but I randomized some notes prior to the test note being played. https://codepen.io/junon/details/YzWNxZM WTF this isn't copyright infringement. This is breach of TOS, technically. They have no grounds to use DMCA takedowns for this. How in the world is Github allowing this? > a great candidate Not just a candidate. Torsocks + Git works perfectly. There's no mainstream free Tor Git hosting I know of, so that's a market ripe for picking. What is `rg`? I like its output better than grep's. > I hope this does not set a precedence Psst, precedent* :) Precedence is the order of importance in which something occurs (e.g. operator precedence). Precedent is a level of standard to which a secondary action is compared. --- Also that dude's a fucking legend, DMCA takedown-ing his classmate. Correct. It's the same as "antifa". I can't criticize the group without being called a nazi. These things are named this way to weaponize them. In the US*. Nonsense language. We've only had problems with it historically, both writing and deploying it. It's threading model sounds great in theory, but we've found that bounding most programs to one system thread improves performance in nearly all cases we've come across. The tooling and ecosystem are ridiculous, the dependency management is a nightmare, and the fact it's backed by an incredibly evil company doesn't help either. Further, any criticism of the language results in cult-like angry responses, as do most modern toy languages. This is a bit of a misunderstanding of the C++/C way of doing things. It makes sense in some ways but clearly there are better ways of doing it. Which is precisely why C++20 has modules support. Further, C++ does have a central package manager - whatever the system distributes. C/C++ programs constantly link against the operating system and thus have to get those system headers from somewhere. This means a universal package manager (like Conan) requires buy-in from OS vendors or at least someone who can manage those packages with conviction, else the package manager doesn't make a lot of sense to use. This is contrast to Node, Ruby and Python as they are inherently Cross-Platform in nature and are not coupled tightly to the OS. This is why C/C++, historically, have not had a strong centralized package manager. Anymore, I see less and less package management being used anyway. Most C/C++ projects I work with either vendor in dependencies or use git submodules (the latter I prefer very much). This is because, unlike e.g. the Node community, micro-dependencies are generally not worth the effort to bring in. The usual exception to this sort of structure are codebases that will be distributed via a package manager - in which case, they generally rely on the package manager supplying correct versions of the dependencies. These header-only libs work OK usually because they are able to be included with trivial linkage (something else you normally don't need to care about in scripting environments). Linkage is something you have to care about regardless of if you're writing C, C++ or machine code and since these languages give you pretty much free reign on the flexibility of all of these parameters, it's hard to generalize everything into a nice package like scripting languages can. Usually the functions inside header only libraries will be static inline, and will almost certainly increase compilation time (noticeably so if you use the header in many places). There is work being done to improve this situation, it's not like we're all just sitting here going "yes, we love the way things are and have no idea how to make things better." That's far from the case. Shit just takes time. IMO it's chance. Depends very much on the judge, which unfortunately all have a different take on the law. I know why. Same reason why we didn't say shit when Uber was burning from the inside and our CEO was on drunk rampages with seedy women in the car. The US has no labor laws protecting the employee. Saying something can easily get you fired, next day. They don't have to give a reason. A protest would require a non-trivial amount of people all coordinated in a 24 hour period or so to come forward with demands. Correct. I seriously, seriously beg to differ. God these explanations suck. Reminds me of the "two boats meet in an ocean" explanation of IRC. A CLI (command line interface) just uses the streams to show and take in data. A TUI uses escape codes or proprietary console commands (the latter on Windows, the former on most other things) to take control of the entire console window and display a user interface (hence Text User Interface or TUI). Usually mouse input is handled on modern systems too. This, 100%. I had a very long chat with the Bazel team about this in a Github issue. They do not want to budge. Meson still doesn't get submodules right. So far, CMake gets the closest. The Meson developer is a bit of a jerk about this subject, too - he has a very dogmatic view of how a project should be structured and has designed meson around that. For example, you cannot have nested subprojects with Meson. I'm in the very same boat. https://github.com/skypjack/entt Amazing codebase by an amazing developer and maintainer. Because 10k is a drop in the bucket for most startups. Expenses generally far exceed that, especially at the beginning. Further, 6% is almost 1/10th of the entire company in terms of ownership. It'd be like buying a permanent seat in someone's minivan, even if they replace the minivan for a lamborghini minivan in the future, for about $100 one time fee and a vague promise of "we'll help you set goals on how to get that lamborghini!" It's a nonsense offer. Not sure what you're on about but I wasn't complaining about my karma. The moods and necessity for sugar coating everything has only gotten worse - exponentially so, if you ask me - in the last decade. Karma is a reflection of that. I don't care about fake internet points. This non-response comment perfectly illustrates the point being made. Well done. Did you have something of substance to add? 1) Either way, for the money, no. 2) I understand how percentages work. 3) No, it's not. Not when there's living expenses and a pandemic going on. 4) Yes, exactly why your offer is nonsense. Where? Can you show me the code? I remember thinking "yeah this isn't going to be safe..." when I saw how Github actions parsed those commands. It just seemed like a huge security vulnerability waiting to happen. Glad to know my gut still sort-of works. Not sure who thought this was a good idea but I can think of a handful of other ways off the top of my head that this could have been implemented in a more secure way. Very cool. Wish it were open source though. "They're selling your data, you should be grateful!" This is a gross misunderstanding of what Seroquel is used for. It's one of those medications that several different side effects depending on the dosage. Yes, it can be used as an anti-psychotic. However, in most of the cases I've heard, it's used as a sleep aid. This was the case for me, too. I was on it for 10 years and ultimately went off because I grew out of my chronic insomnia. Aside from a muted personality and nightmares (the latter controlled by another medication), it was pretty fool proof and had very little consequence in my particular case. As always, it depends on the person, but the blanket statement you quoted doesn't seem fair. Futher, Donald Trump's wikipedia page is currently fully-locked, a rare classification for a wikipedia page. Biden is currently only under extended-confirmed protection. Of course this is necessary but one of my favorite pasttimes is to look at vandalism changes in the history, and I would have loved to see some of the stuff people came up with on either side. Please point to where I gave advice. Well said. Plus, the fact that proper query-based load balancing now has to read, parse and interpret (based on the currently deployed application) the entire HTTP request in order to make any balancing decisions, whereas header-based (see: path-based) balancing only had to read a small portion of the request before forwarding all remaining connection traffic to the destination backend service after request replaying. GraphQL has never made sense to me for anything beyond toy or small-scale projects. Sounds about right, I might have a gander just because - bound to have some gold nuggets of crazy to peruse! Not for a company, just for my own testing, but I did this several years back. It was ridiculously easy assuming you know how a java decompiler works. One JAR needed to be patched and re-compiled, which is a trivial process if you know how classpaths work. It'd be weird to have access to the command line but not to the jars themselves, I think. Creating a jar is simple if you have a zip program. You work for the company don't you? "Amazing!" "Mind-blowing!" Feels like snake oil. Worth mentioning, there are quite a few people on another thread pointing out this person is not very pleasant, having done some seriously not-ok things and has an attitude that suggests these claims are disingenuous. The Frank Sinatra piece singing "It's bap-bap time - you know what that means!" over and over had me in stitches. Former HIPAA security officer here. Yes, mostly. We had a dedicated room with a single computer hooked up only to a dial-up line to submit claims forms to a specific insurance company. std::variant or std::any don't count? Overloading doesn't count? Templates don't count? Seems like you should play with C++ a bit more. As a non-virologist, it's nearly impossible to determine who is wearing the tin foil hats. I've read five or six different but equally outlandish origin theories and convoluted Beautiful Mind / Minority Report threads about Covid in the last 30 minutes and everyone seems to be circlejerking about their own wild theories. How can I, someone entirely outside the domain, begin to filter what is credible and what is nonsense? None of those types make sense in variants. This is obvious to C++ programmers. With all due respect, if you're not qualified to make assertions about something, perhaps refrain from labeling it as "quite the limitation". Please elaborate because I strongly disagree with you. And with that, racism was defeated. Claps for everyone. - Meshroom - Reality capture - Metashape Meshroom is open source, and tends to be slower and have worse results. But it's free! Reality Capture is the opposite. Apparently (haven't tried myself) the best in the industry, but insanely expensive (subscription-based only AFAIU). Metashape Pro is my go-to. The demo is very liberal and it's quick enough and accurate enough for what I need to do. You need a LOT of ram (64 gigs is about the minimum) and the more CUDA cores the better. If you don't have a dedicated graphics card, you can forget about doing any sort of remotely complex scan within 24 hours (e.g. a macbook). This applies to any PG software. This is pretty exactly the sort of phrasing and ambiguity that was used by conspiracy theorists talking about 9/11 being an inside job. I simply do not buy it without substantial evidence. You cannot trivially compare or move an array. Note that `std::array` is still allowed in `std::variant` - just not C-style arrays. As for references, you cannot re-bind references. Rationale here: https://stackoverflow.com/a/27037871/510036 As for void, apparently the reasons I had in my head are not the reasons in real life. I thought it might be because of a destructible requirement on the type, but it turns out there really isn't a good reason why they disallowed it, and that a future standard might allow it. In any event, there are a multitude of variant implementations that allow all sorts of things depending on the behavior you want. Nothing is forcing you to use the standard library. Seriously, give metashape a try. I've never had any issues with it that couldn't be explained by poor photo inputs. As a software engineer who has worked intimately with data scientists in Big Tech companies, this comment sums it up exactly. One minor thing to add is that not only is the data science field overflowing with junior/mid candidates, but the entire computer science field as a whole. I've always thought about making a shitlist. Maybe you've just inspired me to actually do it. > we need a service for micro-consulting where I can talk to an expert for 15 minutes This is the problem. There are experts in the field with PhDs and other decorations to their name that contradict each other pretty starkly. When it comes to mass hysteria, it's imperative to seek out a known source of truth. I cannot find one, however. Good on the EFF. This is wonderful to see. I sincerely doubt a large portion of them are cut-out for the sector at all. That's the issue. > I just wonder why it is hard to make a variant-type that works with everything. Because standard C++ has to work for the general case. It's specifically designed so that more pointed or specific implementations that have other concerns (e.g. supporting C-style arrays or void) can do so, accepting the runtime penalties if desired. > reference rebinding, there can't be done much. References are syntactic sugar over pointers at worst, and a means of optimization at best. C++ is a pass-by-value language first and foremost, and goes to great lengths to keep things as optimizable as possible when it comes to standardization. Again, variant supports pointers just fine. It also supports smart-pointers just fine. There's nothing preventing you from using those. Remember that C++ has to work across all architectures, platforms, etc. Not everything handles references the exact same. Compilers are afforded many liberties when it comes to them in order to optimize for the target machine. > But not being able to put _anything_ into a variant severely limits the way it can be used for abstraction. Aside from `void`, I disagree. Like I said before, you can implement your own variant quite easily if you want those things. There are decent reasons (except for `void`) not to include them in the standard. > Especially for library authors, because they might not no what their users will pass them. I'm not so sure I understand what you mean here. Templates tell library authors /exactly/ what will be passed to them. > So when they write a generic method, that uses variants under the hood, they would have to "pass down" the restrictions to the user and tell them not to pass e.g. void. They don't have to tell the user anything. The compiler will inform them void is not allowed if a type cannot be compiled. > Or am I misunderstanding the constraints here? Yes. Most of what std::variant does in terms of type checking happens at compile time. Unless a program has been modified after compilation (which should never be the case), there's no possible way for the "wrong type" to be passed to a variant at runtime, because the assortment of possible types have been checked at compile time. --- EDIT: I just realized why `void` may not be included, though I admit it's speculation. `void` is not allowed as a function argument type; it is not equivalent to e.g. `decltype(nullptr)` and simply is the lack of type. Therefore, there is no valid specialization of `operator=(const T&)` that would accept a "void type" because there is no way to implicitly invoke `operator=(void)` (you'd have to call, literally, `some_variant_object.operator=()`, which is very un-C++). The alternative would be to have a method akin to `.set_void()`, and it could only be enabled if `void` was one of the types passed to the template parameter pack - and, if it is the only type passed to the parameter pack, all other `operator=()` overloads would have to be disabled. This is an incredibly confusing API specification that I can understand if never included in the standard. Note that, in this case, there'd be a difference between "no value" (null) and a "void value" (not-null), which is overly confusing and, again, very un-C++ (or un-C for that matter). If this is the rationale, it makes a lot of sense and I agree with it. If I need a variant that supports `void`, I'd probably write my own anyway because there's probably a domain-specific use case. Curious, for NES emulation, the most accurate emulators also simulate minor timing inaccuracies to allow for certain hacks to take place (if memory serves). How is this handled in such code-generation projects? Minor formatting gripe: the first inline citation (superscript 1) looks like an exponent given that it's right after a numeric constant in an equation. It made me re-parse the sentence a few times before realizing it. Flagged, please do not editorialize titles... This was absolutely beautiful. Thank you, Randall. While I agree the reasoning is dangerous, I disagree on the assertion that Facebook is one of the most regulated and restrictive platforms. I'd go so far to say it's one of the least, among all of the platforms that are used by the mainstream. Care to elaborate? Meh. I'm slowly moving away from GitHub myself but for none of the reasons mentioned in this article (which reads more like an ad, regardless of whether or not it is one). Really missed an opportunity to discuss the censorship of both whole countries and individual speech, the merging into a huge conglomerate (Microsoft), the fact GitHub itself open sources an ironically small amount of its own code, etc. Git is the single-most reliable tool that makes the most sense to me and gets out of my way 100% of the time. Knowing how it works is imperative to using it effectively - you wouldn't drive a car if you didn't know how to use the steering wheel or pedals, would you? What a ludicrous article. We're dumbing ourselves down to pander to the most common denominator. Keep in mind, the author of this article is affiliated with Github. This doesn't bode well for Github at all. I do like sr.ht but I find it to be a bit tricky to reason about. I'd like to see it evolve for sure. The developer is super friendly and responsive too. I've been using a private instance of Gitea though. However, it's riddled with bugs :/ Oh well. What's difficult about building it? Just curious. This is a motte/bailey bait and switch argument. Please refrain from doing so in further discourse. This was my concern as well. Millions of pieces of literature are going to be immediately obsoleted. Books, articles, whole interactive tutorials, everything. What about tools that create the `master` branch locally then try to sync it from the remote? Sure it's not a great assumption anyway but those tools originally acting in good-faith will now break and the user will be left up to figure out why. All because a few people who find offense in everything were super duper loud. Awesome precedent. Don't exaggerate. People are (rightly) concerned over the precedent this sets and the issue to tooling and other parts of the development workflow. Of course this doesn't affect everyone the same way. Don't demonize people for raising concerns. You misunderstand me. There was no need to assume anything. You used a manipulative debate tactic called motte and bailey. It invalidates your point entirely. Speak for yourself. This should be a "Show HN", then. This is somewhat common in branchless parsers. You need a few more bytes at the end of the sequence in order to allow efficient reads to take place. This isn't uncommon, and is why it's pretty important that performance-critical software also RTFM. Discord bots, on multiple occassions, have DM'd me child pornography with invite links to related servers. I have no idea how these bots have found me or why they are allowed to message me, and so far any attempt to make Discord answer me about them has failed. This earned yet another twitter DM to them telling them they fucked up. They benefit directly from the open source community so this is a huge "fuck you" to everyone involved. Slimey, shitty tactics. I was previously going to run a company through them but now I'm going to evaluate other options. > considering the fact that Discord uses Electron Typical company using open source but also giving the middle finger to open sourcers. Each time this happens, Stallman seems a little bit more sane. Yes, and it's enabled. That is the problem. Only users in shared servers are allowed. Discord took two weeks to get rid of it and still haven't answered any support requests about wtf happened or why it took so long. We need to stop treating "ex-Googler" or "Googler" as some form of elite credential. It's not, and Google is hardly any authority on good software. I'm so happy this is the top comment. I'm saving this as it's well written and highly qualified. Thanks for sharing. Realtime and low latency are two different properties. Realtime systems have timing concerns and can oftentimes be slower than non-realtime systems. This probably doesn't help much, but I've researched just about every build system in existence that some very extensive google and github searches could bring up. Naturally, xmake came up. While I've not used it, and it doesn't really compat with much, it's not the most horribly designed build system out there. CMake is still the defacto, it allows the most flexibility when needed (albeit very painfully) and provides good-enough support for hierarchical projects. xmake doesn't solve any of the deficiencies CMake still has, and isn't close to feature parity. Further, it's not improving the 80% use case much over Cmake, which is simple enough for smaller libraries and packages and covers cases like packaging building and installation out of the box without really much extra overhead. Unless a build system comes along that is 10x better at all aspects, I don't see CMake going anywhere. Now if Autotools could just die already... Don't use io_uring until at least 5.10 rc3, if not 5.11. SQPOLL is still to be properly added and fixed and there are some security concerns (e.g. CAP_SYS_ADMIN being replaced by CAP_SYS_NICE to start a kernel submission queue polling thread). io_uring has many tests in the companion user space library liburing, maintained by the same person that made the kernel patches (Jens Axboe). They test both the library as well as expected functionality in the kernel. io_uring is not going to give you speed ups if you use it in the same way as you would epoll or kqueue. Thus, simply sticking it into e.g. libuv without changing how the applications are built probably won't give you a lot of benefit (speculating). It comes down to how you work with the ring buffers and how much you take advantage of the highly out-of-order, memory-barrier-based shared memory approach as opposed to more "discrete" (maybe not the right word) syscalls. As of yet, I haven't personally come across a published example of a production framework that utilizes these features adequately. We have some internal IP that does, but probably won't be open sourced. Not with SQPOLL. You can eliminate all syscalls with SQPOLL. What a wonderfully dogmatic comment that completely misses the point of io_uring. This won't help the lack of async I/O in those languages that do not support the concept as a whole. If it can't handle epoll, it certainly won't handle io_uring. Can you elaborate? What do you mean by monitor? This. Many PRs that introduce CMake tend to be massive rats nests of configuration slurry that could be summed up in a tenth of the LOC. 1. Because it's important to make sure people claiming good-doing are actually doing good and not out for back patting. 2. Because nuclear is wildly misunderstood, has progressed dramatically in the last two decades, and has a bad stigma because of incidents in the past caused by poorly designed facilities and cut corners. The incidence rate of nuclear is ridiculously small, and most of the arguments against it have scientific and completely positive responses. It is a viable solution that parrots love to put down because "oh no chernobyl". Incredible. I remember spending hours on line rider as a young'n. The ending sequence blew my mind. Nice job. I have use all of these tools and your take isn't accurate at all. Make doesn't obfuscate anything more than Plz or CMake or whatever. Here are some real reasons why Make isn't the end-all: - Make doesn't allow platform selection in a nice way. - Make doesn't work on Windows natively (no, NMake doesn't count). - Recursive make doesn't work well at all. - Make doesn't track byproducts or deleted artifacts. - Make doesn't have auto-clean. - Make doesn't facilitate out-of-source builds. - Make itself isn't a scripting language (arguably good/bad). - Make doesn't facilitate compiler selection cross-platform, so things like MSVC are nearly impossible to integrate nicely without the use of the developer tools prompt. - Make can't (elegantly) handle a number of rule cases, such as single-input multiple-output rules (it can, but it's a hack). Not sure why you think Make is unapproachable. That's like saying shell scripting is unapproachable. No developer worth a damn is going to avoid shell scripting, and as long as they understand "this file turns into this file using this command" then Make makes sense. As with all tools, Make and Autotools and CMake and probably Plz will be misused by developers that think they're being clever. In actuality, they make things worse at best and unusable/unmaintainable at worst. As a build systems designer, I've evaluated Plz personally and found it to be neat but not suitable for most of the problems I think build systems should solve. Then why is it considered a "mini moon" if it's not a moon at all? io_uring is correct. It's nothing clever - in fact, it's quite boring. It is specifically meant for applications that must handle high volumes of asynchronous I/O. Yes, believe it or not, you can achieve correctness and speed, together, without compromise. Yes - at least, solar is. The manufacturing process is quite damaging. Big props to Growl. I remember it being all the rage in terminal emulators back in the day. Thanks for all the work that was done - it was well appreciated. Just reading the "abstract", this sounds way more complicated than anyone needs a VCS to be. I also question the "mathematically sound" bit - the "commutative changes/diff" thing sounds really far fetched. Also, the fact it is written in rust means nothing to me. The whole "but rust doesn't segfault!" thing is, and has always been, a ridiculous reason why rust is somehow inherently better suited for such projects. The article keeps leaning on that fact as though it makes the project superior somehow, but it just feels like grandstanding. The architecture section is just buzzwords. It doesn't explain the technical aspects, it doesn't allow me to understand the system, and then I'm immediately dropped into "how to use the CLI". But wait, you haven't sold me yet. This was painful to read. CMake still. I know there is something that will come out some day that is better, but until that day, CMake is still the best. Yep this is why I dropped it. I started working on an alternative that supported writing but didn't follow through since I didn't think many people were interested in Kaitai to begin with. Are you implying the CIA has unprecedented access to all analytics databases on a whim? Because that's an unfounded conspiracy. Former Uber employee. I can corroborate much of what they say (not having been on those sorts of teams). The depiction of the company culture is accurate. Aside from potential vulnerabilities (bugs), no. Font formats are declarative. The various tables that define conditionals et al have no ability to run arbitrary code, and certainly do not have any concept of scripting and the like. This makes zero sense. If the information must be conveyed classically anyway, what's the point? Not really, no. Tends to cap out at 80k here. My thoughts exactly. This sort of thing really makes me think twice about using the service. Cheetos. They're banned in Europe :( First line says "except vulnerabilities". Yes but it is a strict set of very limited codes, nothing which gains access to the machine a la syscalls. Doesn't surprise me. I've been sitting on a WSL1 root escalation script that I found by accident. I messaged one of the WSL leads and he didn't seem to care about it. It's been months. Microsoft and security don't exactly go together in my head. Yep. I've pointed this out a ton of times. I always get downvoted. Brave is a scam in this regard. It says it gets rid of ads but places them elsewhere. For example, when you close all of your tabs, an ad is the background for the dashboard view - which ironically shows you how many ads Brave has blocked. BAT never say well with me, and the maintainers of Brave have only demonstrated why it shouldn't by being hostile to (well intentioned) critics on the issue tracker. Just a sad project all around, and it's further sad to see some OSSers that I like be associated with the project... They're knockoffs or a variant of the original recipe. I moved to Germany from the US two years ago for work. I love it here. AMA. Biggest gain has been a sense of belonging. I don't personally fit into the American culture and find the directness and logical nature of Germans to be more my fit. I've also found a relationship and finally feel as though I can start a life here, whereas I felt perpetually lost anywhere I lived in the US. Biggest loss has been the distance from family, especially during the pandemic (though of course I couldn't predict that). You don't realize how far away you are from someone until you hang up the phone with them and feel the distance set in. React hooks are terribly implemented. They cause deadlock in the simplest of cases. Check out Adam Haile's S.js and Surplus if you want a better example of this approach (which came LONG before "hooks"). Surplus also tops performance charts consistently, and has done so for years. Really underrated framework that is lightweight and battle tested. Submodules are stupid easy, what issues do you have with them? Phabricator and git are almost oranges and apples. Deinit didn't work? And that's the only issue you had with them? This is false. Most code emitted by modern compilers incurs no overhead for exceptions except for when they are actually thrown. This is a historical rule that is no longer true. https://stackoverflow.com/a/13836329/510036 Did you benchmark with layout randomization? How convenient Sad to see an accurate take on GMO be so fervently downvoted on a site full of people claiming to be scientifically minded. In my experience, this dogmatic advice is often counterproductive. If this is a switch that is reasonably defended (internal API, etc.) then leaving off a default in a fixed enumeration type switch (where you want to hit _every_ switch case value possible) is ideal. Most modern processors will warn (or -Werror, as everyone should be using these days) if one of the enum constants is missing, reducing the surface area for logic bugs. If you are really paranoid about out-of-bounds values in a switch statement, then insert an assert() after the statement itself with a negated string literal, e.g. assert(!"invalid switch value"); This is a pretty reasonable approach for code that, again, is reasonably defended against faulty inputs or working with some degree of guarantee. If I'm not mistaken, often times such switch statements are even optimized to jump tables at compile time, too - namely if there are small/few/no gaps in the case values. > Dispatch tables are pretty desperate in 2020 You assume the development bandwidth exists to implement JIT runtimes for all small interpreters/VMs. Transforming VM bytecode into host machine code isn't a new concept, quite the opposite. The development cost to do so generally outweighs the benefits, especially in the beginning of development. Plus, fortunately, such a refactor is generally unobtrusive, so computed goto is by far a more attractive option than implementing a JIT runtime. Normally I don't agree with such statements, but in this case I do. Computed goto is very C-like in nature and has clear and concrete benefits. Further, it can be replicated on any architecture I'm personally aware of, and knowing how LLVM and other compiler infrastructure is designed, is a fairly trivial thing to implement. I'd be curious to hear why it was never standardized. It seems like low hanging fruit to me. I'm rarely impressed by demos like this. This is a clear exception. Not only that, but the creator seems cool and down to earth. Thanks for sharing, this is incredible work. No screenshots, no examples in the readme, builds failing. Nah. That's a sad take on programming language theory, yikes. This is the most deluded and blatantly incorrect comment I've seen on HackerNews to date. It's this new frontend craze of putting artificial loading bars as a placebo effect. Github does it, for example. The site is just really slow, and the status bars are rarely, if ever, hooked up to the actual loading metrics. If by "you" meaning the owner, than it appears not. That would be a remote vulnerability. Nobody has mentioned r/anime_titties yet. It's easily one of the best I was a part of when I was still on Reddit. Everyone had different opinions and viewpoints and things stayed very neutral. Even the mods preferred to comment on potentially shady links rather than delete them. And no, this isn't a troll; it's one of those reverse-name subreddits. > If these companies are "shutting you down" for your speech, it's the same sort of speech that would have gotten you shut down in the public square. That's some Grade A corporate apologetics there. How can you assert this? Who decides what is going to get you "shut down in the public square"? A new general purpose build system that uses a VM to cache configuration files compiled from a multitude of formats (Camera, Ninja, Makefiles, etc) with a focus on cross-compilation. Should be suitable for projects of any size if I can pull it off. Been thinking about and designing various build systems for 10 years, so this is a big project for me. I personally desperately need it; CMake and I have a love-hate relationship but I think it's finally time to figure out something better. Huh, it's almost like when people are educated they begin to make better choices. Glad to see security and privacy be taken a bit more seriously though. "Serverless" was a company name, IIRC. Their model caught on and was hijacked by the community. Now it's one of those nebulous buzzwords that means everything and nothing. This is far from the first. I complained about Google Fi support for ages, and was always ignored. I had that service for almost three years I think. Support was terrible. I called a few times letting them know there were dead spots all over SF and Berlin. In my hometown, I struggled to get coverage every once in a while, too. Nobody else, even on the cheap platforms, had any issues. I called twice. One time I was disconnect and could never reach back through again. The other time I was told that they were "sorry I was disappointed" and that they'd help me cancel my account if I wanted. I wasn't rude or anything - quite the contrary. I had never had such a weird or degrading phone call like that before. Oh and the spam calls. I had tons of them, some days I'd have five or six throughout the day. It was insane. I posted on the subreddit for support and they told me "well they use the back-door numbers (or whatever, I don't know how phone technologies work) so there's nothing Google Fi can do." It was insane. Avoid. I was writing a game in Lua using LOVE. I used to really enjoy and appreciate Lua. I've even integrated it into some applications using the C libraries in the past. It's always served me well. But during the development of the game, things got so unruly that we ended up having to abandon it. The code itself was written as good as it could possibly be given the engine and for Lua, but we had a lot of really poor-performance hacks for the 1-based indexing, for example. Further, the lack of proper operator overloading prevented us from using certain libraries to bind to it, e.g. Kiwi, for UI layouts. Not sure I'll ever use Lua as a scripting host in the future. There are a few alternatives I really think could suit the job better. When I had it, yes. There were dead spots all over Berlin. I was poking around the wsl2 vulns and searching for any known ones about wsl1 (which I still use) and saw this was just posted today. I can't repro now but I have seen similar things happen in the past with running programs and such. Surprised nobody told you to just get the SDK from Steinberg. It's C++ and super easy to integrate with (I was making a DAW a while back). You can send it midi notes in a strict, basically. SDK is free. A new general purpose build system, aimed at full/drop-in compatibility with existing popular build systems. There are indeed PoC malware in GitHub licensed as GPL. ("malware" here meaning "virus", not whatever Stallman thinks it means). Wow really? Been a minute since I've looked last. I'm surprised they did that, VST3 isn't as ubiquitous as I think they'd like it to be. But since when has that stopped Steinberg from making a poor design decision lol I'm sure you can find a copy of the vst2 sdk somewhere on GitHub if you can look hard enough for it. Man what a garbage title. TLDR spinach engineered to detect explosive compounds in e.g. landmines and emit IR light when doing so that is picked up by a camera wired to a computer that sends an email notification. Clickbait at its finest. I'm a maintainer of chalk. I'm not the first to mention this, but this article is only really parroting the information found on the Wikipedia article for escape sequences, which in turn only really covers xterm-256color terminals. To be quite honest, I feel as though terminal technology is the most antiquated thing still in wide use today. It's slow, there are so many competing standards and none of them are really that well standardized, and the libraries needed to be truly compatible (terminfo in particular, for which I've written several full parsers and boy what a mess that is) are clunky, outdated and also very slow. This is a hard problem to solve, however. There are more CSI sequences than just \x1b for example, though that is by far the most common these days. Not treating output as text streams would be an interesting start but that would require rewriting pretty much all software ever to exist. Meh. I've spent too much time working with escape sequences and thinking about this problem. I am young, but I'll probably die before TTYs do. I'm not one of those "everything should be open source and free" snobs, but my documentation tool is definitely one of them. This is a SaaS behind a paywall it seems, so it's immediately not winning any points for me. I do agree that the existing tools are horribly subpar, but at least I don't need to contact support to fix them myself. You're going to have a hard time convincing the larger C++ community to use this, I think. Companies, sure, I guess. EDIT: Also I kind of reject one of the assertions made here; the reason why I never have documentation for my libraries isn't because I don't write it. It's there, very nicely laid out, in the headers and comments and whatnot. A lot of it. Enough to fully understand it. But rendering it out to Man pages, Markdown, HTML, etc. in a manner consistent with how those formats should work is a PITA that Doxygen simply doesn't do how I'd like. I need a new service reccomendation that isn't GMusic or Spotify, neither companies of which I would like to support financially. I don't mind paying for a hosted service as I don't have the time nor the energy to manage my own multimedia service and would like to have good reliability when out and about. Any ideas? They've since deleted the issue, FWIW. Perhaps it was important enough this time ;) I found it quite clever, so your assertion is subjective. My biggest gripe with all of this is that there is no money in low-level or systems innovation. To be clear, there is some money, but it's reserved for those who are either PhD's, well known developers, or those with a long list of established OSS report (e.g. kernel hackers). I hate (see: despise, lament, loathe) doing anything web-related, but the last 7 years of my career have been dist-sys positions and backend development simply because there is an extreme shortage of companies doing desktop software in languages I find interesting. It's annoying how much Web has prevailed and it's certainly made me feel similarly to Blow in that regard. Ex-pat American living in Germany. Unless you have some slightly less common situation, you don't have to worry about taxe filing here. "An SQL", "through me off".... I just woke up and my head is already spinning. ;) I have the rather unpopular opinion that structured versions are kind of a useless feature that, while perhaps once necessary, have become needless with today's culture of version pinning and better access to documentation. Ubuntu developers supporting Google. Wow. > if you worked the same job for the entire year, got no bonuses and had no other income at all I would wager this is most people working a 9-5. That's my point. It's optional, entirely. In the US, it is not. You are forced to file, every year, by penalty of law (really nasty IRS calls/visits/audits). And in order to file, you must wade through endless forms and confusing tax law, usually missing a tax break costing you more - unless, that is, you use software. And that's the rub - those software vendors are the ones lobbying against simplifying tax processess so that citizens are forced into using their software. It's not a "maybe this is happening". This is a "definitely happening" thing for decades now. The author assumes that disregard of nano as inferior and not up to the daily task is somehow "elitist". It reads as though the author has been personally afflicted by its lack of use, which seems like a strange stance to hold. I'm not required to like, laud, or advocate for every piece of software. Conversely, I'm allowed to not like things as well. I didn't know it had these features, sure. But... so what? I don't use nano, I don't like when things default to it as an editor, and I'd rather not have it on my system because it's just extra bytes used up on my disk. If that makes me elitist, then so be it. That's a ridiculous jump to conclusion. And privacy only matters if you have something to hide, right? You missed the point. Generalizations wrapped with misconceptions. I hate ads and am a privacy advocate. However, I'm not going to stretch the facts. Yes it's technically possible to hand back the searched words to ad providers. But as of writing, you have no proof that OP did that. Using adsense doesn't mean you're plugging in that data back into Google. What reason does the app developer have to do that, unless they were paid or something to do so? "Why would a dictionary need ads" well, because someone made the app. And maintains it. And provides it for free in exchange for a tracking cookie. Since the datasets are most likely free, they not possess the ability to even sell it. Who knows, you certainly don't unless you're the author or did the research. Privacy and security are not absolute. It's a model. It's a series of tradeoffs. To parrot "but m'privacy!" is only doing harm and isn't solving privacy related problems. What makes you think I don't do this? Sure, I never argued against that. Because I don't like having cruft. It's simple. Good, Germany is way behind when it comes to this stuff. Thinking through a very complex and delicate concept, trying to come up with the best way to solve it. It's been a few weeks. This is insulting and just flat out unrealistic. If you've had this experience, great, but what you're describing is very far from the norm. I don't keep in touch with anyone I went to school with, no. I also don't keep in touch with many past colleagues beyond a yearly checkup, if at all. Sorry, but your assumption about how the world works / should work isn't applicable to everyone. Some people don't have the capacity to do so. Worth mentioning, this wasn't always the case. Github didn't really have much of a policy until recently, if memory serves. The author of the Sprout library, Bolero Murakami, passed away a while back and I took it upon myself to ask Github what they do in these circumstances. It was shortly after that IIRC that they introduced the account successor settings functionality and updated their death policy. This part of the internet's functioning has always fascinated me, even since a kid - the fact that your online presence acts as sort of a living obituary, and what happens to your data after you lose ultimate control over it. What a ludicrous comparison. Contrasting a physical disability vs. a conscious choice not to engage with colleagues from companies past is a sign of a failing argument. Your tone also comes off as incredibly patronizing, as though you know my life better than I do. Rest assured, not keeping in touch with old contacts has not caused me to miss any opportunities that I would be otherwise interested in. Your personal life experiences and subjective viewpoints about how to utilize one's own body do not trump others'. If you do not want a tattoo, that is fine, but your distaste toward them should not influence others' abilities to do the same. Disagree. Package managers cause more headache than anything. I have used submodules for almost all of my projects (aside from e.g. Node.js projects). Not once have had issues with them. I don't know why people raise such a stink about them. Most of the "complaints" here are people misusing submodules or not taking the time to learn how Git itself works. I work with submodules almost daily for dependencies in game engines, OS projects, and even network services. I never have issues. However, that's not to say they have a strange set of commands (or lack thereof). I have to touch the .git folder way too often, and that shouldn't be the case. Maybe I'll write a small cookbook of how to deal with issues, including an "everything is fucked, how do I start over?" section. There are great reasons to use them. You've never been bitten by the alternative, it seems. Another tip: you can do a deep clone of the main repo, then do `git submodule update --init --recursive --depth=1` to just pull the heads of your dependencies to cut down on times. Especially useful if you don't work within the submodules at all. No. History is the whole point of git. It would be antithetical to make this the default. I'm more on board with the recursive options, though. > Do you do things with git beside the trivial operations (add/commit/etc.)? Like rebasing/merging and such across commits that introduce or remove submodules? Yes, often (I'm a stickler for clean histories on my projects). The trick is to only work with submodule refs during any sort of complex series of commands, then update the submodules once all of the ref munging is done. If you have a ref conflict or something (rare IME, unless you're running git commands haphazardly, without understanding them), the error message tells you exactly which ref it couldn't check out and why - in which case, simply cd in and fix it manually. If you need to move submodules around, `git submodule --deinit` it first, then re-add it. If you need to remove one, deinit it then make sure it's purged from .gitmodules. > Do you never encounter friction when e.g. removing submodules? Nope, though admittedly the commands need some polish here. Worst case, remove the directory in the working tree, remove the entry from .gitmodules, delete .git/module/x/y/z/, then add -A the now-deleted worktree path and your .gitmodules. > Do you never run into the errors people complain about? Not since I sat down and read through the concepts section on the official Git docs, which outline what e.g. objects, trees, commits, tags and refs were, no. Git submodules are up there on the list of the most misunderstood (but entirely useful) features ever, in my opinion. This just described every feature that submodules gives you out of the box. I'm curious what value this adds, if any... > pretty much can't fix... or with much difficulty. I don't believe this for a second. > But this means you can't actually use the correct submodule commit during the rebase? You can update during an interactive rebase if you need to, why not? I've never personally needed this but given how rebases work then an update should be possible if you need to. > How do you admit this and yet simultaneously say "I don't know why people raise such a stink about them" Because the lack of a simple removal command does not warrant the "avoid submodules at all costs" sentiment currently the top voted comment on this thread. > You somehow know there are pain points, you know the various workarounds which can consist of N hoops to jump through, There are places to improve commands. That's it. And the only hoop I have to jump through is a removal of a stubborn submodule the need arises. > Aren't these clearly contradictory? No. The world isn't a dichotomy; both things can be true. > I'm pretty sure I know what all of those are and still find submodules painful. A submodule is just a ref, just like a tag. Init and deinit can be finicky, that's about it. If you fully understood refs, then submodules shouldn't be that difficult to reason about. What, specifically, do you find "painful"? This is what mirroring or forking is for... Neither of those things are representative of those with tattoos, and are a pretty small outlier. Reductio ad absurdum, in my opinion. That being said, I wouldn't personally care. Not my life to live and I don't have time to police the actions of others. Plus, I'm sure they'll face their own set of issues related to such imagery that go far beyond anything I could do about it. Not sure how any of that magically creates better politicians, and it's worth mentioning that some people really enjoy large cities and the idea of a megalopolis. However, I do agree that Starlink could be the answer to impoverished areas not having readily available internet. This is something I hope to see change as a result, as it would really reinforce some of the early sentiments Elon put out a long while ago. Citations, please. My understanding is that limitation is mostly technical and managerial at this point, to help manage things in the early stages. I would too imagine this being eliminated later on. From what I gather in the abstract, this seems like baldness as a result of covid, rather than contributing to the risk of contracting covid, is the focus of the study, right? I find that the smaller areas tend to have worse politicians as there are less to choose from. I can see it being both ways. Plus, not many politicians in the US at least really seem to care about the thoughts or even the well-being of their constituents. If anything, it's the access to information that would result in better education which would thus (hopefully) result in more informed voters. That would be the real win, in my opinion. Having only skimmed the article, this reads like a profound take on a simple disagreement of semantics. I don't really see much insight here - all of this is pretty much expected. If you're a "startup" within another company, you're still within another company. Of course there's a leash, what did you expect? If you're simply receiving money from the company, then they're an investor, nothing more. This is like saying "There's no such thing as a free meal" when of course the argument is more about the semantics of the word "free", not about the concept of a no-cost meal. To the person in a soup kitchen, the meal is certainly free - as in, no money is exchanged. There are associated costs, of course - but the patron need not pay those. Keep in mind when discussing 1password's UX: all of the apps seem to be different between the platforms. My MacOS experience was much different than it is now on Windows. The MacOS app is wonderful, but I find the Windows app incredibly annoying to use. You're assuming a lot about me so I don't really feel like spending time answering in depth. You seem to hold a strong opinion you're not willing to change, and while that's fine, I don't appreciate being told I'm somehow not qualified to have a differing opinion when that is very clearly not the case. > You said your "trick" is to explicitly not update the submodules until you've finished the rebase? By definition that means you're not updating the submodules during the rebase... A "trick", not a rule. If you need to check submodules during an interactive rebase, fine, do it. Nothing is stopping you, and it should work fine. > The world isn't a dichotomy, but you "admit the commands need some polish" and then propose a 4-step workaround for issues you've "not once had"? Did you not encounter issues at some point to lead you to propose workarounds and conclude commands need polishing? For 1 issue, of which I feel could definitely have a better command. You're arguing semantics at this point. I've not had issues where I'm so stuck they're impossible to use or to fix, like so many others here claim they do. > I don't think you understand how annoying it is for submodules not to add/remove/update seamlessly. I don't think you understand how submodules work, at all. > Maybe you only use submodules for your own personal projects and rarely modify them so you rarely see the effect. You assume incorrectly. > But especially in a team project . . . and . . . projects where you have to go mess with your own submodules . . . having to constantly go out of your way to make sure everything is committed and synced . . . single time you check out a new commit You're using submodules incorrectly, then. Learn what worktrees are if you don't. Learn what directory remotes are. Learn how to use multiple remotes, even. None of what you're saying is a result of bad Git design. It's a result of you not knowing how Git works, or how to use it effectively. Git gives you all of the tools to use submodules effectively (e.g. testing changes without commiting, or testing changes directly in a submodule, etc.) Do not patronize me because I RTFM. It's pretty clear at this point that HN collectively tends toward the "C hating" camp. It's a sad state of affairs. How much did Robinhood pay you for that comment? What nonsense assertions and comparisons. Just when I thought Firefox was going to emerge as the most pro-consumer browser... Why can't there be a browser that is just... a browser? I was designing something similar to Matrix at one point several years back. The different names confused even myself when I was dabbling into Matrix. Matrix is cool, there's no doubt. The packaging is terrible, IMO. They really need a product manager. I don't type "somesite.com" into the CEO's address bar. I type it into my browser's. Agreed entirely on your summation at the bottom. No good CLI hex editors exist. It's been like this for years, not sure why. dhex is indeed the "closest" to decent, but still lacks... a lot. There's some historical context for this article. 2016 was a year of RAPID growth for Uber. There was a running statistic internally that your employee ID would be at the median point just 6 months after being hired. They were trying to hire (and poach) just about anyone they could around this time. Therefore, these articles are... very shiny, compared to the actual tech applied internally (note that even though Uber is referred to in the third person here, this is on uber.com and written by an Uber employee). I worked at Uber for a year. Schemaless was... meh. Nobody really liked using it, nobody really understood it, and you weren't really allowed to host your own instance - you had to have another internal team do it for you, which didn't help the "understanding" problem. It smelled distinctly of "not invented here" syndrome. A number of things inside Uber worked that way - the culture was so competitive and brutal, performance reviews were always a massacre, so everyone was trying to outshine their peers (or outright climb on their backs, etc). This resulted in a LOT of "tech" being "invented" that 1:1 did something already prominent in open-source or was already an enterprise solution (probably cheaper than paying engineers to do it) but since actually achieving it and having your name on it meant you would look better for a promotion or a bonus or whatever over a colleague meant it was worth it to the individual to reinvent the wheel. Rinse and repeat over and over again. I'm not an enemy of reinventing the wheel, mind you. But only if the new wheel works significantly better than the old one. This was rarely the case at Uber. Postgres was still used somewhat commonly at Uber when I was there, but they were really pushing for Schemaless internally. It felt very overkill for just about everything outside the platform teams and was always, without fail, a massive pain to deal with. Don't be fooled by these Uber engineering articles. This was PR to bolster up their OSS image to outsiders to help with hiring and poaching at the time. Things internally looked very different. No idea, but I would wager so. The scale it was being used at would be hard to replace, and they'd have little reason to do so. EDIT: To be clear, there is no "the DB" at Uber. It was the main database flavor that the larger teams used, but they used everything at Uber, from MySQL to postgres, to mongo, etc. Sometimes with things on top, sometimes directly. For more analytical/financial things, they used HBase/Hadoop/Cassandra, or even older things like old IBM database tech from the 80's. Really weird mix of stuff, and it really depended on which high-profile engineers they hired in which part of the company. Nah unfortunately not. I tabled that project a long time ago. Haven't received my semi-yearly Google recruiting email this year, I was starting to get worried! I'm itching to decline for the fifth time! :) Anecdotally, a former CEO of a company I worked at was a former McKinsey employee. Out of all of the "talk is cheap" CEOs I've encountered, he was the cheapest and would spare no opportunity to tout how he used to be at McKinsey, as though it was some badge of honor. Unsurprisingly, I consider him one of the least competent bosses I've ever worked for. Amazing. FenTech has come a long way, glad to see them establishing themselves against Big Fence now. Neither have ever really made me happy as a systems designer. They both have some massive drawbacks. I've wanted something like this for ages. This is going to open doors for even better static analysis tools. Awesome. > It doesn't exist. This has been decided? By who? When? Can you prove this? I'm in the camp that would answer "yes" to your question. For me, it went like this: - The nerds did their nerd shit in the garage. Nobody saw them. - Then the nerds figured out how to revamp many business processes with computers. - Then those businesses needed more of that, so they started hiring other nerds. - Not too many nerds existed because they're nerds and who wants to be a nerd? So therefore demand was high. What happens to the nerds' salaries when demand is high? Salaries are high. - Now the nerds are making money. Tons of it. People started to notice that the nerds could sit all day and type at a computer (hey I can do that too!) but they make 100k more than I do. - Eager to cash in on that nerd money, I start to google "how to code". Codeacademy, Kahn Academy, Udemy, and a plethora of highly expensive code camps show up. I pick my poison and begin. - A Github profile is set up, my LinkedIn is updated, I have a few webapps under my belt, I'm ready for my interview. - I get a job at Big Tech company as a junior position. A few weeks go by and I'm asked if I could help interview another candidate. Of course, I'm qualified enough right? And the cycle continues. This is how I perceived the shift happen. Code Camps were really detrimental since it became very difficult to vet actual skills vs. ability to pass coding interviews. When I worked at Uber this was a huge deal - a lot of people that had just finished code camps nailed the interviews but only lasted a few months because they had no idea how to actually do anything. Of course it's all very nuanced and this isn't the only thing that happened (making programming "easier" certainly hasn't helped). But this was a large factor. Same here. Fish makes certain things easier (working with variables, for example) but sometimes I still drop a bash shell. This is explicitly allowed and by design. There's a checkbox for doing it right when you create the question, which allows you to enable an answer box to submit an answer directly with the question. No, we want to see that you're actually working on it yourself and not just asking others to do work for you. There's a huge difference. I agree entirely. I've been in the Node.js world for 10, and web dev world for almost 20, years now. There are now hundreds of build systems, most of which copy the other ones but still aren't compatible with each other. There are hundreds of frameworks spewing out security issues all over the ecosystem. React and Vue don't enforce anything and certainly aren't the most stable of the selection of frameworks that exist. At least for React, a significant amount of money was dumped into it by a large, privacy invading and unethical corporation, which ultimately made it "popular". Facebook used it so it MUST be good, right? None of it is amazing; it's quite sad. The fact that we're locked into a small set of browsers, none of which can be reproduced or hacked on in any meaningful way aside from those dedicated to them. The fact we can't create our own browsers without wading through an ocean of specs. It's ludicrous. How anyone can say "it's amazing" in a positive connotation astounds me. The last sentence is especially true. I hate writing code most days, now. There's nothing interesting about the problems most companies are trying to solve, for example. Weird title (and full disclosure, I've only read the title). 1. How can a programming language runtime have characteristics of dist-sys? 2. HA + FT = susceptible to netsplits. That's not always desirable. 3. What does "distributed" mean? MP? Or SOA-type of distribution? Titles like this always bother me with new languages because it feels like they're trying to fit in as many buzzwords as possible. Flag it, sure. But it's a comment about the title. Others also have issues with the README, too, which I read directly after commenting and also found to be... strange. Also, there are a lot of critiques about the tech itself - the fact that it's an at-most-once guarantee, the fact that the actor model doesn't work well in practice unless you model them more like traditional services, etc. But my comment was just about the title. If you think it's dumb, that's your opinion. I'm not super familiar with any of those, but looking at BEAM at the cursory level, it has very little to do with "distribed-ness". It's a VM implementation with heavy focus on concurrency , which is only a small part of distributed systems and arguably not even in the same area of research. You can make anything that is network-enabled a part of a distributed system, assuming you can express protocols within that 'thing'. If the VM supports bitwise operations, for example, you could support binary protocols to interface with anything else. The "VM" part of it, by itself, has very little impact on the entirety of the distributed system. I was commenting on the stuffed title. Not the content. That is why I specified that I had only read the title - because the comment was about the title. My point was your point - pretty much exactly. You just assumed malintent, which is a problem HN seems to have. If you want a title to be meaningful, stop stuffing it with words that don't accurately describe your tech. "Bastion - Developer-friendly actors in Rust" would be a simpler title that clearly explained exactly what the library aimed for, with the details in the readme. From that, I would be interested in exactly which guarantees the library provided. "Highly-Available" and "Fault-Tolerant" are the two most common of the three basic dist-sys principals chosen by projects (the third being netsplit tolerance, which is very rare compared to the number of other dist-sys technologies). Therefore, they tell me little. "Distributed" can mean a number of things by itself - concurrent programming, GPUs, etc. are all "distributable". Of course, though, it's a buzzword, and thus could mean just about anything here. A "runtime" when applied to a language usually means a standard or official supporting library runtime. You don't call ncurses a "runtime". To me, it meant that it took the Rust standard library and somehow made it "distributed", which made very little sense. So yes, I read only the title. And I had something to say about the title. Shoot me. A resounding "YES". Would be interested to see this applied to drums that have intra-beat tuning, such as the talking drum or the idakka. Windows definitely allows you to shoot yourself in the foot, but nowadays those settings are hidden away by non-flashy applications, which has now become synonymous with "advanced user shit I probably shouldn't be touching". Though the difference is, if something gets royally screwed up on MacOS, at least there's a sane enough way to reset it. On Windows, it often entails a reformat. And let's not get started on the Windows Updates. They too have the whole "reset settings" problem (e.g. "don't f&!king restart my computer randomly", which gets reset every somewhat major update). Because my comment was about the title. Not about the content. In theory, you're right. However there was such a bad problem of low-effort Homework questions a while back that the community decided to be a bit more strict about things. Ideally, yes you're right. Risk tells you nothing. We're trying to condense a changelog into a few small numbers. There's no sense from it. Upgrading software almost always requires checking things. I've never seen the point of versioning schemes and instead find simple linear numbering way more reasonable. There is no simple way to compare two versions of software, generically, aside from a human reading them. The same people who tout semver as being the end-all-be-all are also okay with lock files. It makes no sense to me. As a "senior" I'm still not sold. Running across bugs in the type checking that blocked us for a while (trying to avoid Broken Windows to boot) and the fact our development times skyrocketed (including on personal projects) or that the answer to poor tooling was "just use VSCode" is not something that really screams "developer friendly". Typed python takes ages to validate, and Python is much slower to run than Node.js, even with hacks like uvloop. I've barked up that tree so many times, I don't think I'll ever go back to Python for that stuff in the future. > you can't really afford to carefully vet each and every change It's not about vetting. It's about documentation. Putting a list of breaking changes on the Releases page, if any, and who each affects (e.g. "users of the .getFirstName() method will need to call .getName() now") is much more valuable than "2.4". You're trying to fit the former into the latter, which you... just can't. Information theory forbids it. I don't understand why we always jump to this dichotomy of "either you have a simple version scheme or you have to vet each and every single diff in every dependency and sub-dependency". No you don't - just read the release docs... The problem is, Javascript was never meant to be typed. It was never meant for what we use it for, even. When you start adding guard-rails to a language that already has guard-rails, what are you left with? We spent more time screwing around with our Typescript types, getting the compiler to be happy, working around bugs with type assertions, etc. than we did focusing on the app logic at some points. This kind of stuff, to compare, never really happens with C++. The type system is simple enough (compared to TS) that you can pretty confidently fix type errors quickly. I don't like Rust, but I know that the same occurs with Rust's type errors, too. Why is TS so difficult? Because Microsoft created a type system that is so complex it can represent (almost) any type in a dynamically typed language . It's impressive, but not at all practical. Do you have an answer that isn't speculation or something you concluded from a breezy stroll over to Wikipedia? Stop mocking questions. It solves nothing. This is a pretty disingenuous take on "science". I live in Berlin. What you're describing in "10 or 20 years" is already the case. That's why these actions are being taken now . I waited 6 months for an apartment here when I first moved. Pretty much everyone who doesn't want to spend insane prices on a unit has to. And even then, I'm still paying 500-600 more than I should be. It's insanity. The main problem is that there are immigrants (primarily from one country in particular, but that's less important) coming in and buying up all of the "houses" here (note that "House" in Berlin means a large apartment-complex-like house, not a single American Style, white picket fence house) and then increasing the prices slightly. I'm not anti-immigration, clearly, but there are still concrete economic effects that haven't been solved yet. I don't think anyone knows what these measures will lead to, but at least it's something. Agreed. When I didn't need to boot up BREW or whatever it was called to access google at what felt like 1Bps anymore, it was a game changer. This alone was a huge improvement - I had real access to the web all of a sudden, from anywhere. Thanks for the info, interesting. Though FWIW I was more commenting on the mocking of a legitimate question. Not everyone has the same background as everyone else. There are no stupid questions. That's not really the argument though. I would wager GP is more lamenting the writing style and "hype" surrounding certain tech, which causes widespread misinformation in the longer term, instead of reporting accurately and keeping scientific literature concise and accurate. > another one Preact [0] came before Vue [1]. [0] https://github.com/preactjs/preact/commits/master?after=605b... [1] https://github.com/vuejs/vue/commits/dev?after=5255841aaff44... Yep. We used to use this for some hacks back before AST libraries were a thing, mainly because Function.prototype.toString() preserves comments. function foo() { /* a comment! / } console.log(foo.toString()); //-> "function foo() { / a comment! */ }" Also the fact that they boast "we blocked X many ads" directly above a Brave-owned embedded avertisement directly in the browser itself. Scummy stuff. Followers of r/futurology, for one. A country isn't a race, and I omitted the specific country for the very purpose of not painting a picture based on their skin color, because it has literally nothing to do with it. It's also not a reflection of their character or their culture, either. Please don't mis-assert that it's "racism". Also, have you been to Berlin? Of course people don't own houses here. Unless you're outside the ring, there are very few houses to be bought. If you're talking about owning apartments within the large houses here, it makes sense that a lot of people don't want to own them - because not a lot of young people want to be tied down to a 40sqm unit in one part of the city for the rest of their lives, or deal with all of the hassle of subletting and the tenancy laws here unless they were serious about holding and nurturing those securities. They changed it so as to invalidate old cracks. Whether or not it was harder is up for debate. There were certainly better ways to do DRM at the time (even now) that Adobe was well within their monetary limits and interests pursuing. But of course, it was still cracked. Also, for a hundred buck fee and some TPB/Demonoid credit, it's almost always worth it to a cracker to go after a flagship product. There's also the running theory that Adobe was the one to release some of the cracks, namely because new releases of the Creative Suite back when it was new would be cracked nearly "instantly". It's speculation, but the above theory would make a lot of sense - and, in my opinion, that's exactly what ended up happening, and what made Photoshop the industry leader over a pretty decent selection of alternatives at the time (though admittedly PS had already mostly established itself at the time anyway, but it could have probably been swayed). The ultimate free(). You should always know the signature of a function you're calling. Please be reading docs. The part I agree with are the method selection semantics. A good rule of thumb (though don't rely on it) is that the "more specific" prototype generally wins. Address sanitizers have bitten me before. Valgrind has not, aside from the times it wasn't supported on new macos. Just be careful. I've thought about this very question for years. My answer has been, usually, "no" for all cases that do not allow the developer to write straight assembly. That is, until things like C++'s stackless coroutines came about, which are a construct intrinsic to the compiler and not functionality directly exposed by C. Further, any machine code language is going to allow you specific instruction access that a compiler might not otherwise utilize (rare, but it happens). In such cases you can gain 'manual' speedups over what C could allow you to do. I would hope that is the obvious exception, however. But you are asking a very good question not a lot of developers are willing to think much about. No. It's never worked anywhere I've seen or heard of. There is always resistance, missed deadlines, managers that start treating their teams like children because burndown charts aren't being adhered to, etc. You can't streamline software development. I don't know why people keep trying. Looking forward to this. Totally agree. Hi Brenden, I never opted in to ads on the homescreen of Brave. How do I opt-out of them? Ooh that's better. I would have assumed you're Joseph by the name and timing but judging by his... 'inflated' linkedin profile there's no way he'd talk ill of himself on HN. Just had a several-hour-long session with complete strangers in a turntable (classic) room and I'm happy to report the old vibe and communal feel is exactly the same as it was left. It was a real treat. I would leave a site that had a bar like that. It would piss me off way too much. Not for technical reasons, someone I knew had the last name Nieffenegger (pronounced "NEF-en-jur") and got banned from Playstation as well as a few other services quite frequently. Congratulations, this is the first actual argument I've seen that has actually made me seriously consider never using YAML again. "Cursed" comes from meme culture. It's not derogatory. What's this have to do with HN? No idea, always confused me too. Probably an Americanization of the name. Yes. Ive left SF before as well. Homelessness issue is a joke to the city. Transportation was horrible. The non-tourist parts of town were a toilet for people (way more than you'd even think, without seeing it). I am a younger white guy who doesn't necessarily look timid, and even then I've been threatened in the BART by drunk dudes on multiple occasions. It's expensive. It's politics 24/7. It's crowded (not just bustling, but more as though you took a large city and squeezed it into a small city). The local governments have failed everyone there. Nope, it has kind of an obscure meaning, such as "unusual" or "interestingly strange". Blessed is the antonym, meaning "cathartic" or "wholesome". Racism is a prejudice based solely on one's race. There's nothing "structural" about it. That's not why we do security research. I'm from Idaho. No, things aren't great. Lots of idiots there. But you're comparing a dense, large city to a state that has only a few concentrated areas of people. The rest of Idaho is barren, or the Rockies. You have Boise, Pocatello, and the CdA area up north. Besides that, there are only a few small, sparse towns. This affects the average density greatly. Be fair in your conclusions, please. Right. People need to check up on the latest Nuclear advancements. We're getting quite good at refining waste products down to safe enough levels of radioactivity, and then we can even further utilize the remaining waste in other applications. It's not like we've hit a dead end with nuclear research, people have just seen too much Chernobyl stuff and cast a large net on the whole science. Ah yes, the serious investigation surrounding which type of mushroom I am, or a list of ten reasons why Ryan Reynolds is just so darn cute. No it's not "literally" what they are. Web browsers so something similar but what this is describing is more like Unity's inspector system. FWIW I've done a fair bit of researching with io_uring. For file operations it's fast, bit over epoll the speedups are negligible. The creator is a good guy but they're having issues with the performance numbers being skewed due to various deficiencies in the benchmark code, such as skipping error checks in the past. Also, io_uring can certainly be used via polling. Once the shared rings are set up, no syscalls are necessary afterward. I appreciate this comment, I do, but I would sincerely hope GP was cracking a joke. I really hope. Yes, I should have specified - in theory io_uring is much faster and less resource intensive. With the right polish, it can certainly be the next iteration of I/O syscalls. That being said, you have to restructure a lot of your application in order to be io_uring ready in order to reap the most gains. In theory, you'll also have to be a bit pickier with CPU affinities, namely when using SQPOLL (submit queue poll), which creates a kernel thread. Too much contention means such facilities will actually slow you down. The research is changing weekly and most of the exciting stuff is still on development branches, so tl;dr (for the rest of the readers) if you're on the fence, best stick to epoll for now. You must not like awkward, magical balls of fermented milk. Growth. Anti-vaxxers. (/s) Yep. I like that you can map the text to programmatic types using the tag system, and anchors are wonderful if not a bit clumsy, but the rest of the standard leaving 10 ways to do 1 thing is just too messy for me. Replica means replicated data, usually a copy. Secondary means backup or parity module. Slave means neither of those things. A slave, in technical terms, means a "dumb" worker (meaning it doesn't make its own decisions about how it operates within the greater system) that is controlled by another module in the system (often called a "master"). And no, "worker" isn't descriptive because it doesn't specify the nature of autonomy within the system - oftentimes, a worker might autonomously pick tasks off a queue and perform work offline or something. A slave is directly, actively and imperatively given commands by another entity in the system. Further, it is also implied that a slave has a lifetime that spans within the lifetime of the master. Workers, replicas, or secondaries do not share this trait. "Slave" is the only word that accurately infers the technical operating aspects of such an actor within system's design. Stop messing with our vocabulary please. We need it to do real work. Bring on the downvotes, because I know the performative woke crowd loves to ignore these facts. Define "non-white", because two messages above were written by someone categorically "non-white". We used an early version at Uber; I was one of the few people to help set it up in the early days. It's literally just SO format, but for internal stuff. It's great for when you have siloed teams that have to communicate, especially when you've never met those people. It makes a lot of sense at these large companies, since Uber is just a bunch of small, isolated teams mashed together in large open floor plans. Nobody actually knows each other unless you've worked directly with them or they're notable management. So for that, it was great (when I was there). I can't imagine this being useful for smaller teams. Confluence is more long-form, wiki-like documentation, often written by someone with authoritative knowledge. While this isn't forbidden (quite the contrary) on SO or SO for Teams, it's not exactly what it's most useful for in my opinion. It's like a permanent widget on the side of the site, it's been there for a few years now. Just out of curiosity, did you guys move all of your internal docs stuff to SO? I'm surprised it's still being used, I was the first mod for it and it wasn't clear if people cared. There were like 4 main KB softwares in use and a few of us wanted to push to use SO primarily. How well did that plan end up? Slave is the more descriptive word. These aren't my definitions. They have been around for ages. You're the one changing descriptions for your own amusement. Because the topic is annoying rhetoric. It doesn't do anything to solve the problem of racism or prejudice or poverty or socioeconomic imbalance or guard us against a police state or whatever it is people seek to "fix" with these inane changes. I'm also very tired of being a labelled a Nazi, hence the tone. This is the first I've ever heard of this, wow. I have an nvidia card and certainly do "business-like activities" with it, not at any particular scale but for my own income and whatnot. Is this something I should be considering moving to AMD over? I wonder, too, if it's susceptible to literally _any_ dust rendering the key mostly useless. This, coupled with the failed promise of innovation via the touch bar, were huge factors in deciding to ditch macbooks and bite the bullet of development on WSL. Man I wish I knew enough KiCAD. The fact not a single person can explain it in simple terms to me is a huge red flag on its own. Not to mention the performance. Perhaps it's improved since, but just a year ago it took an upwards of 10-20 seconds to type check a trivial repository. Man it really sucks this is being down voted. Software engineering is not like reading. Reading conveys information about reality. Software code conveys solutions to problems. The latter requires understanding of computers, problem solving, domains, etc. Just like I can't pick up a book about organic chemistry and understand it, people are not going to some day care to know about how distributed systems algorithms work. It is indeed a skilled craft and this weird, cyberpunk-ian idea that everyone will just converge on technical literacy is very hand wavey and ignores simple facts like some people just not having ANY interest in computers or tech. Typical HN crowd upset that people don't agree with their technomancer future and down voting anyone who says software engineering is hard. You're right, in the same way why math literacy still isn't a thing. - Include a BRIEF (fits in one screen) visual demonstration of how it's useful. I could see myself using this but it's all bloatware unless I can actually see it in action. - Include a quick getting started (installation instructions, etc.), even if it's meant for those already familiar with the extension ecosystem. Just a few commands. I don't want to install it via docker, hardly ever. I have my own dockerfiles for that. - Bullet points in the beginning have a LOT of repetitive content (Apache AGE enables|supports|etc) that turns those really important bullet points into a wall of text. - You have three different links to docs, one of which seems to be a duplicate. Why would I need docs? For cypher? I already know cypher. For development? What about if I want to hack on the source? Where are those docs? Quick links are always appreciated since I'm almost always going to be on a time budget evaluating things like this. Just to name a few. Agreed except for the humor bit. Please don't include humor in technical writing. The rule of thumb I learned was "avoid anything that ends in -ly" (there are exceptions, but this has always been a good rule). This is also my stance. -ly words make me groan and roll my eyes because it feels like you're trying to sell me something instead of letting it sell itself. Any respectable C compiler does this. Every C compiler these days will warn about unchecked enums in switch statements. This is, effectively, what the comment was saying. Pattern matching has nothing to do with security or program safety. I didn't say don't use it. I was just saying it was a pain to use. Uh. What? Discord's client is electron. Unless you're referring to their servers. In which case, nice bait. Or that God was maybe a writing device instead of literally referring to God. Which types of bugs? Please specify when talking about code safety. This is false equivalency. So we should be shameful for basing conclusions on what non-anecdotal information we've been exposed to? I've had such encounters with someone many on HN would know. I don't hold anyone accountable for mentioning their name or talking nicely about them because how could they possibly know what happened behind closed doors? Former ZEIT (Vercel) employee. It's amazing how much Vercel is different from when I was there. It's... not great. Like what it generated was neat but it's like it completely ignored the prompt. Original prompt (generated text after the line): When I was a child, my mother grew strawberries in the garden. Every spring, we would harvest them and make a neighborhood-wide occasion out of it. That is, until they started to turn blue. ------------------------------ In addition to the fact that it takes two hours to eat an ordinary hamburger (to be fair), let's not kid ourselves that we were all kids at that age; no one gets over forty without getting a little eccentricity on their side, and here are three hundred gallons of milk spoiled by spoilery. And so our "I didn't come home pregnant" problem was just another way of saying, "the universe works exactly the way it does," like when you go swimming in the ocean, and the sky is blue, and the sun reflects off everything everywhere, but the wind is always moving toward the north, and you can see your breath. Which means the first thing you do is ask "why?" when you finally get what else life can do? A certain amount of people have a difficult time with living in the present. At some point during your life—let's call it seventy-five percent or 85 percent of it—you realize this world is a total f*ker of a place. For someone else looking around at the world, it seems great, because there's something that's great about you; it makes up for everything else. But for you know, how much better than that... The sun, especially in January, is a great source of hope. If you look at the horizon the way a toddler looks at the moon for the promise of the sunrise, and try to figure out if you've made enough luncheons in her presence, you're already beginning to get ahead of yourself. We are what we are. What we make of our situations dictates what we are. This goes hand in hand with the fact that things will get harder day by day, every day, as you don't learn more about the things that matter, the ones This requires a lot of extra work and doesn't often work like you'd expect. However, this is a shortcoming of CMake not having a good dependency model aside from the old (and IMO not far from obsolete) system dependencies model that Linux popularized. It made sense then but things have changed, and dependency injection is something CMake fails miserably at. We shouldn't have to do macro/function overrides, but I'm glad they exist in CMake. Current status quo is "it's really annoying and a huge headache to do, but at least CMake allows me to do it, unlike others". This doesn't work all the time. The problem is that there's a difference with how targets are built up vs. how find_package() specifies you should detect system deps, and they're inherently incompatible with each other. Moving submodules is indeed a PITA, but you don't have to recreate your whole repo. The "correct" (albeit still annoying) way: - git submodule deinit - rm -f - git submodule add ... new/path In an emergency situation, you can almost always recover. I've not corrupted a repo in almost 10 years and I do some unspeakable things to them :) To remove a module manually: - git reset . (from root; NOT --hard) - Remove the from working directory. - Remove entry from .gitmodules - Remove entry from .git/config - Remove (-rf) the folder .git/module/ directory (it follows the same structure as the working directory) - git add -A .gitmodules (Tab completion might not work but the command will) This can be used to forcefully remove a submodule. To remove all submodules without starting over (I've personally never needed this in the last X years): - Remove all working directory paths for each submodule - Remove .gitmodules - Remove .git/modules/ - Remove any mention of submodules in .git/config - git add -A Usually the first manual one solves whatever problem you're facing. EDIT: I have no idea how to format HN comments, sorry :| nothing I try works. Hope it's readable. Yes, exactly. It doesn't always work like you'd expect. Custom find modules can use custom variables and thus you have to define them manually in every case. This macro gets you half the way there, at least. Because you're ignoring how find_package works and how dependencies use the variables inside of them. Not every find script creates some sort of target. I maintain chalk and a slew of other TTY related things. Terminal emulators are, far and away, the most archaic computer technology we still use daily. Believe me when I say, it's a very hard problem to solve since everyone has subscribed to Unix's philosophy of "everything is text". As much as I dislike Microsoft's philosophies on software, they had the right idea with Powershell. Its execution is just abysmal. Expect this stuff to change drastically in the next 5 years. Go to the Aseprite discord server. They have a channel exactly for what you want. Agreed. To take it further, the OS APIs suck for protocol selection too. And router technologies. And basically everything. E.g. in theory your router should work with level 3 and below. This includes the firewall. However, try to implement a new Level 4 protocol and all of a sudden your packets won't route. This was the whole point of this separation - that while UDP and TCP are useful in general cases, there are much better and novel ways to frame packets for e.g. cust infrastructure with different properties and different requirements. But it simply doesn't work. This stuff has driven me nuts for decades. OSI has rarely been helpful aside from just general communication of ideas. It shouldn't be used as any authoritative reference, ESPECIALLY not in classrooms. This is hilarious. Bravo. No, I'm saying this because there exists mailing lists and chat rooms where all of the terminal emulator developers are discussing these problems to collectively solve this issue. Huh? This is a good thing . This is how security teams should be operating... This was also my takeaway. Aside from extra hardware, routers generally have a firewall built-in and can perform NAT translations and otherwise act as a gateway. They do DHCP in most cases, too. Of course when you start to look at enterprise setups things get a little more complicated. Since routers act as gateways, they have their own IP address too. Switches are not gateways. They join two physical segments and mask them as a single logical segment. They do routing only in the most basic of senses - moving packets between the physical lines. > Our evaluation of other solutions found poor client-side serialization performance, large run-time overhead, poor browser support, and different trade-offs that drove us to create Bebop. Soo... cap'n proto? Err, sorry. No. Maintainers with copyright holdings and history and otherwise agreed-upon governance do not deserve a "coup", regardless of how [in]active the project is. There are lots of dead projects in the OSS sphere. Fork it if you have a problem with one of them. Don't plagiarize and rewrite history on the main repositories/projects, though. That's just poor form. The bar is the last place I'd want to bring up politics in the US. Then again, I come from a red state and certainly do not match the general consensus there. This applies to people in every case I've personally ever heard of. There's never been a bar against naming groups of hacktivists or malicious groups. 24k rep on HN, you should know that's not how we converse here, regardless of whether or not you agree with GP. Then there's no reason for her to be disparaging and erasing the other maintainers. Also, I question what "fork" really means here. > for whatever reason Because we've given every single person a voice and the promise that their opinion is just as important as everyone else's, despite their understanding or their qualifications, and it has made people collectively entitled and vitriolic. Couple this with absolutely batshit insane current events for the last ~5 years and you have massive divide. Then multiply that by the expansion of technology into every day lives, where everyone is connected and has an up-to-date, moment-by-moment window into literally thousands of other lives, and people get extremely detached from their own selves and their own beliefs. They stop thinking for themselves, almost entirely. Not to mention things like Twitter, with quirks like "you have to fit very heavy conversations into cute little limited messages" so as to even further increase the pressure on public discourse. All of this friction creates heat, so to speak, and people start realizing that outside their circles are people who are so foreign and different that they MUST be idiot enemies, and thus everyone begins to despise each other, categorizing people and using assumptions about their character against them, all formed from a few blurbs of random information either from context or a few textboxes on a social media profile. It's just like when one is unable to effectively communicate, they often resort to violence. I firmly believe this is the same thing happening online - it's just a huge, crowded shouting match and since nothing ever happens despite how loud you're screaming, you have to resort to other means to get a rise out of someone else. I'm not a particularly happy person and I really, _really_ dislike interacting with other people, so I can certainly understand why some of this happens. Life sucks for a lot of people, and being able to express that whilst having the buffer of a computer screen and ethernet cable between you and the other person is certainly a "great power, great responsibility" type of situation. Or someone watched over their shoulder. 1Password makes it all too easy to accidentally reveal your password within the app. Someone with a video camera just needs one clear frame - 1/60th of a second - with a good enough view. I've seen quite a bit of both. GP isn't wrong. > cmake and meson should really have a way to output a configure script and Makefile `cmake .. -GMakefile` not enough for you? Wait until you hear what the Darwin, Linux and Windows kernels are written in... Germans hate "trust us" mentalities anyway. That's why Google Street View is exceedingly rare here. Kudos to the team working on this, it's not often we get definitive findings and an update about something that was "futurology hype" like this. Not a failure. It's just science. Cool stuff either way. None of the safe languages I know of that are capable of writing an OS in are "safe" in the verification sense. They require extra, external processes for doing such. See the SEL4 kernel. Oh this guy again. This guy created Meson and has a pattern of being 1) Quite toxic and 2) Entirely dogmatic when it comes to software design. He shows no interest in discussing design problems with Meson and asserts his viewpoints as truth and fact, resorting to snide comebacks instead of having thoughtful conversation. Doesn't surprise me he wrote an article like this. Completely misguided and isn't rooted in reality. 100% this. The developer behind Prometheus was a huge dick to people about env vars a while back, in similar fashion. Just the other day, they held another closed-doors vote after a year or so and finally decided they were OK. Doesn't surprise me the creator of Meson of all people made the same dogmatic assertion. What a circus this industry has become. Working with verification with Clang/LLVM as we speak. The state of verification is... bleak at the moment. The math and algorithms are working, and some very smart (and very pleasant, I might add) people are working around the clock, including from e.g. the French Commission for Nuclear Energy. However, the learning curve is too high and the developer-experience is very poor at the moment. This is a classic case of gaps between research material and usability. Fortunately, I see this as where software is headed, especially languages people love to tout as being "unsafe", such as C. The article is exactly right - tests only test the programmer, not the program. Formal verification is The Way, in my opinion. Yep. This was the original discussion that spanned quite a long time. https://github.com/prometheus/prometheus/issues/2357 Check out Frama-C/Alt-Ergo/Why3 projects. They address this directly. I think I'm oversimplifying it, but as I understand they write the entire prover as a proof theorum itself, then use an alternative prover to prove the original theorum, then they write the program and use the proofs to proof itself. Lots of good academia surrounding that portion of it. Further, assuming I'm reading your implication correctly, languages like Go, Rust or Zig do NOT have formal verification properties to them. They definitely have some neat anti-footgun tools, but they are very far away from formally specified code. I would imagine it's something like this: 1. You create an AdWords account or something where you can be paid to put ads on your site. 2. You have tons of employees with different devices, probably on a range of VPNs or tor circuits. 3. They click ads on your site over and over and over again. Just a hunch. I know this sort of thing is strictly forbidden in Google's terms and can certainly be considered fraudulent depending on who's asking. Sorry to be a downer here. Contrary to what the text on the site says, do NOT blindly copy and paste code from StackOverflow without understanding the license under which its content is released. You can get yourself into hot water. Secondly, if you actually want one of these, you can find a three-key QMK-compatible keyboard PCB and do it yourself. Lots of schematics and variants exist, and they're not incredibly expensive. There's a whole scene for that type of deal. Cute joke either way, though. :) Here's the thing. People who respect science will understand its imperfections and iterative processes, how evidence really works and how "truth" is hard to come by. The people that want these sorts of apologies are the ones that are looking for reasons to deny science. Those sorts of people simply never change, and will always look for reasons to disregard it. So no. This wouldn't solve anything. It'd just make things worse. Instantly new favorite website. Wow. This is a real jump to conclusions and a bad take on the original argument. Deliveroo made the mistake of pulling out of a bunch of countries right before the pandemic hit. They left Germany leaving only Lieferando here, which is massively terrible at its job. Deliveroo was a pleasurable experience to use and their support was quite decent. The app was probably the best I've ever used, and I lived in San Francisco for quite a while using such apps. This just seems like a bunch of poor business decisions with an otherwise decent group of employees, from my point of view. Quite typical. The security section at the bottom is important. This screams malware vector. At what point does this sort of thing become legally questionable? How absolutely touched do you have to be to think this is a good prank for a company whose business model is processing orders for people who are tight on cash in the middle of a pandemic? Good christ. Their support is non-existent. There's no recourse for restaurants giving you the runaround, which is often the case when you're ordering late at night. Hey HN. I wanted to find a good youtube + soundcloud music library system (app, server, whatever) but found that there weren't many that worked, let alone were nice to use. So I thought of the quickest way to emanage a bunch of URLs, and how I might be able to play them back. Google Sheets seemed like a good choice, albeit unconventional. It seems to work quite well for what I wanted, so I figured why not share it. Copy the sheet and then hover over cell A1 to see the instructional note. EDIT: Oh and this was a day project so the code is a nightmare, sorry about that. I remember when I saw my first blue LED. It immediately felt like I was in the future, and I remember how bright it was lighting up the entire room in the dark. When I worked at ZEIT (Vercel) this was a huge issue we'd face. There was one person on GitHub that was shamelessly encouraging others to set up a docker image that ran crypto mining processes. This is inevitable, and I'm sure every CI system has faced this issue. Not much at all. I don't know why they bother. Because this isn't reddit and the sites rules pretty specifically ask that this sort of humor remains on other platforms. Nobody wants another reddit. We read this in a class when I was young and I am pretty certain it affected my way of thinking to this day. Definitely recommend. It's cute, if for nothing else. Yes. But that doesn't stop people. I would wager that the data is imperfect and the points are tweened to discrete samples rather than having a high detail point-to-point path. You'll probably see traveling over land more like cutting a corner. Just a hunch. Glad to see CCC in the news. They deserve every bit of support they can get. I don't hear any different whatsoever. I fired up cubase and all of the tones of the keyboard matched exactly to what I was hearing from Serum. Am I missing something? Do I need to get a spectrum analyzer to see the difference? Consult with a tradmark/IP lawyer. They will be more equipped to look at your specific case and give you legally valid and actionable advice - way more than HN can. Gitea is riddled with bugs and the maintainers seem to disagree they exist, which is a shame. We too just switched to bare repos and haven't really missed much from the SCM frontends. They aren't saying "we can't fix this right now". They're saying, straight up, "this isn't a problem". I'm sure there's a term for this but it's a common marketing strategy to create a new buzzword to cause inquisitive minds to wonder and then make your website the only place where information is found. I believe this is one of those cases, and I wouldn't be surprised if it were deliberate. NOP on x86 is one byte. Patching out an instruction with a NOP is always possible. Further, not all jumps are equal; while you can certainly patch the assembly and let the assembler manage the variant selection and relocations etc., doing bytecode patching is a different story. You might have to change the jump instruction altogether depending on how "far" away the pointer is. Also, jumps hold conditions in most cases (the exception being an unconditional jump, JMP) which means that you have to adhere to whatever state is expected at that point in time. The NOP approach is usually the soundest and safest. I disagree. These are things everyone can apply to their jobs. Being a programmer involves understanding how computers work, what makes them interop, how networks work, perhaps some basic understanding of electronic engineering concepts, the ability to keep mental maps of insanely complex callgraphs in their head, etc. This is not something "everyone" can just pick up and do. To reduce programming to a set of soft-skills is what got us into this mess in the first place. That's less of a problem with building to spec (security is not a "spec") but instead with employees who are not familiar with keeping data safe, companies that give too much access to regular developers (e.g. Uber, I can attest), or engineers who are underqualified but charming or otherwise smooth talkers that worm their way into security-related positions when they have little to no experience or knowledge in that area. > I think a good argument against RMS can be made, but the authors of the letter instead chose to incite as much outrage as possible at the cost of honesty and nuance. My thoughts exactly. I'm not defending RMS but the original letter was very clearly written in the key of "outrage". I think both comments above have taken the argument to the extremes on both ends. OHO, I think RMS is making a point about the excuses governments and LEOs make in favor of censorship/anti-encryption - a good one, at that. OTOH, he does a pretty piss-poor job describing it in that blurb. I'm not convinced this is an argument in favor of child pornography. I'm simply choosing to believe it's poor wording on RMS's part trying to make a point about encryption and he's not actually in favor of child pornography. I disagree. Knowing how memory works, how a CPU works, what Multi-Processing is, etc. are all pretty vital in being a decent programmer - yes, even for the web: if you don't know that Javascript contexts run single threaded (in the UI thread) then you run the risk of writing hugely unperformant code. Disagree, entirely. Knowing how a computer works is important when programming a computer. Just because you're not writing assembly when making a website doesn't mean you're not employing knowledge about a computer. Hi. You all but shut down my criticism of the mirroring system and the fact that it fails outright if Gitea dies in the interim - sometimes even due to Gitea deadlocking itself - and insisted this was SQLite's problem and not Gitea's. That's the one example I'm referring to. Since then, we faced a number of UI bugs that we just didn't bother to report since most other attempts at reaching out were rejected as "not our problem". Lol, "ignored". Why are you so angry? I don't check HN every waking minute of every day. In fact, I have noprocrast enabled, so I can't. Please stop assuming malice in others. You'll be a happier person. I've responded to the dev, FWIW. Your list makes a good student. Being a good student doesn't make you a good programmer in and of itself. Wuffs sounds really cool, surprised I haven't heard about it. It claims memory safety but I'd be interested in how it has proven this - is it verified? Sad that it's a Google project, but I can look past every now and again. Because pronouns are ingrained into our language centers; we automatically and subconsciously classify people based on physical appearance and derive pronouns from that. For better or worse, it's part of our programming. Names, however, are not. We've learned names are not connected to any physical trait, and thus we process and store them differently. Expecting the entirety of humanity to simply "unlearn" language is a huge stretch - especially for those with gendered languages (English is not a gendered language). Further, the fact that pronouns "hurt" trans people is largely subjective - there is a very large portion of the trans community that would disagree with that assertion. Words are words. Perhaps we should stop placing as much weight in them, fullstop. I don't think the originally linked blurb is implying everything you claim it does - unless you are trying to read between lines, something which I adamently do not do if I do not know the subject personally. Do you have sources for the "well documented" views that pedophilia is not harmful and that children can give consent and should be allowed to engage in sexual intercourse? Because the blurb above certainly does not say any of that. Being a baker is not a physical trait. And yet we're left with this incredibly outrage-inducing headline that only a small fraction of readers will look further into. And go... where? This is strange to me. Did Github do client-based sharding because they were trying to get around the upfront key enumeration limitation in Lua scripts? Why didn't they use the cluster's ability to proxy requests to the appropriate sharded worker? As-is, they could have just passed `rate_limit_key+':exp'` as a second KEYS entry and it would have ensured the key existed for operation. They were deriving keys off of apriori information, so they could have just as easily foregone the client-side complexity and just put the redis cluster in a sharded configuration. I wonder what sorts of performance impact this had (the page doesn't mention it). Client-side sharding almost certainly increased the codebase complexity and it doesn't seem like they measured any real impact from doing it this way (or maybe they just chose not to report it). Absolutely. Of course I plan for what happens if Redis were to fail, but I don't remember a single time it ever did. It really, truly is a tank. Antirez, if you're reading this (I know you'll eventually find your way here), thanks for making my job a little easier over the years It's not super well tested and so far only gives reliable speedups for Filesystem operations. There's a lot more work to be done on it before anyone should be using it in production, IMO. I moved to Berlin. Quality of life improved from not being in the US in and of itself. Can confirm. Grass definitely is greener. Has this problem been filed as an issue with Jens Axboe? I would like to hear his response to it. https://github.com/axboe/liburing I believe. > There's also alot of security implications To be clear, this is liburing, NOT the io_uring syscalls that I would assume Tokio would opt for. > io_uring is basically just a threaded work dispatcher Only under SQPOLL mode. This isn't an inherent property of io_uring. > All these process semantics are totally hidden and non-obvious Again, only if you use liburing. The syscalls make this abundantly clear, as there's no other way to program for them. > These known and unknown future pitfalls The problem isn't with io_uring here, the problem is with the over-saturation of the development world with people who do not care about doing things correctly or safely but instead quickly and cost-effectively. This is not unique to io_uring, however. Let's not throw the baby out with the bathwater. > And all the fanciest programming language type safety in the world won't save you. I agree whole-heartedly. > Expect several years of easy remote exploits down the road... I would rather be interested to see which sidechannels were attacked in order to take advantage of io_uring. Those vulns are going to lay with the framework implementors and the users of frameworks, less with io_uring. But I understand the concern. > By generating the key name in a Lua script it forces the two related keys to be on the same machine. Perhaps I'm misunderstanding what you're saying, but this isn't true. You have to supply ALL keys that you wish to read from in the KEYS array prior to running scripts in a sharded setup, otherwise Redis will fail as it can't lock the map long enough to perform potentially-failing I/O operations to fetch them. I suppose it could , but it wouldn't make any sense to and would violate a bunch of otherwise strong and useful guarantees. > Surely the Lua script deserves a warning about the key name being generated within the script. My point is they're able to guarantee the key is present simply because they're using client-side sharding with Redis in replica/sentinel (or even standalone) modes, thus you are free to construct keys within scripts without issue. Since they're owning the `:exp` key within the script, then the `:exp` keys are guaranteed to be within the same instance. > I think the ideal script would use two keys, the first being like `foo-{1234}`, and the second `foo-{1234}:exp`, with both key names being provided via KEYS. Then the native Redis clustering should work. This isn't ideal if the `:exp` key causes high colocation misses, causing extra I/O ops for each script execution (since they would have to be fetched prior to the script execution). Also keep in mind that Redis has multiple clustering modes, so you should specify which you mean. Lastly, I've never seen `{}` in keys, only `:`, just a nitpick. I don't think there's any benefit there except for extra bytes over the wire, as most people aren't putting un-sanitized user input in Redis keys (I'd hope not). I don't think this is the right conclusion to jump to. Browsers have a mountain of issues in their own right. Quick nit - "for may years" -> "for many years". Had to stop reading, basically unreadable.