I use Gandi, too, for the same purpose. A bonus is that the corporate proxy at work (which blocks DynDNS domains for reasons that are beyond me) does not mind me accessing my personal server. GitHub has a script for DynDNS using the Gandi API: https://github.com/jasontbradshaw/gandi-dyndns It's actually older. I remember using this in 2007 to write lecture notes in LaTeX in collaboration with a friend (our notebooks being connected by Ethernet since the university did not have WiFi back in the days). > allocating the memory for variables Allocation of N variables on the stack is O(1) since it just moves the stack pointer by the total size of all variables. That's called "Design By Contract". You formally specify pre/post-conditions of functions and invariants of classes (such as "cap >= len" in this case), and have the compiler enforce that automatically, e.g. by inserting runtime checks. > This article is deeply flawed... change in wages != change in standard of living. Measuring "standard of living" is a very hard problem. At least they're being clear about their definition, so I can judge the correlations they find for myself. Not necessarily. If the app changes seldomly, you could reuse a CSS file across multiple sessions, whereas the HTML (i.e. "GET /") is probably always served up fresh. That does not apply, of course, if your initial HTML page is a static asset, too. That always depends on the market. While Chrome leads the US market like IE used to, Firefox is for example the most-used browser in Germany. Maybe it would have been a valuable approach for Mozilla to work with a specific market when introducing Persona, e.g. the big German webmail providers. This fits in well with the "code as craft" argument presented in the comments here. Most craftsmen need to make a living by producing rather boring, functional pieces in a large volume, while occasionally taking the time to manufacture an intricate masterpiece. In this sense, your run-of-the-mill Rails app is the IKEA table of coding. Designing an ergonomic phone interface can be grouped under communication design, thus art. Constructing a quantum computer using optics clearly falls into the physics department, at least until physics spins off an engineering department for quantum stuff, like it spun off mechanics and electronics in earlier centuries. I consider the term "computer science" historically motivated and anachronistic. Similar to how old people would stereotypically describe their child's job as "something with computers", we muddled subtopics of various sciences together just because they're doing "something with computers". With computing technology and methodology now permeating nearly all areas of science, art, and engineering, maybe it's time to tear down the computer science departments and reintegrate their pieces back into the appropriate departments. Or maybe we shouldn't, for we would lose the extremely diverse curriculum that a CS degree includes. I've heard mathematics classified as a "structural science", as opposed to the "natural sciences". Theoretical CS fits into that "structural science" umbrella term very well. Ack uses the same git/hg/svn-ignore heuristic. Hue? There is one on mine. Maybe mine's different because I upgraded from 10.9 to 10.10 to 10.11 whereas you might have started with a later version (or an earlier one)? s/EPIPE/SIGPIPE/, but otherwise, I agree. :) The article hypothesizes that analytics services will probably move their tracking code from client-side JavaScript to the server-side, so that the publisher's server will forward the analytics data to the analytics server. There is an interesting irony in this: By using client-side blocking more widely, we (the users) force evolution of analytics towards methods that are less introspectable and less blockable from our side. There's a business opportunity for ridiculously long extension cords right there. The problem I see with this kind of carsharing is that it does not scale particularly well to rush hours. I must note though that I'm living in Germany where Uber is not really a thing yet (mostly because of regulatory problems), so if anyone can share insight on how Uber scales to the rush hour, that'd be great. Regarding the "Annoyance" bullet point, you might have a better time if you put an Apache or nginx in the front (on ports 80/443), have it serve the acme-challenges statically and proxy_pass everything else to Node running on a high port. TLS handling would then happen in the frontend server only. Regarding the "please use sudo" issue, it's very much possible to run the letsencrypt client as a non-root user if you set your filesystem permissions carefully. Here's the letsencrypt configuration for a private webserver of mine: https://github.com/majewsky/system-configuration/blob/master... Fascinating. And fun fact: I'm 26 and I don't have a driver's license. So do many of my peers. I totally rely on public transit (save for the few occasions where I need to move furniture etc.). Public transit service is exceptionally good and reliable in most of Germany's big towns. The only case that I know of when manual memory management is slower is short-running programs which exit before the first GC run, therefore removing the need to do any deallocation at all. In principle, yes, but a) access via MOC is certainly slower than compiling a direct function call into a single `call` opcode, and b) MOC only covers signals, slots, and Q_INVOKABLE methods. For QObjects, that means that the remaining methods are not accessible. And methods for non-QObject-derived classes are also inaccessible. I would argue it's a bad idea for images already. Images give away a lot about the type of content that you're viewing, which is possibly sensitive information. Consider, for example, a Chinese computer connecting to Wikipedia over HTTPS, which then downloads an image over HTTP without S that is clearly related to the Tiananmen massacre. > I would honestly take a 50% pay cut if I was able to just deal with the code working at home, I am a fairly frugal person and wish there was something like basic income so I could just spend my days programming on projects that interest me. You're not the only one. :) This touches on the classic question of "is coding engineering or art"? If it were engineering, it would become quantifiable once we have enough empirical data from previous projects to base our theories on. If it were art, that would be impossible since every project is as individual as the last one. It's probably inbetween. The point is that it depends on your definition of "expected". I'd rather have my library act in a well-defined way that can be stated as succinctly as possible. Not all processes that involve GitHub are development processes. I've seen automated deployments fail inside a corporate network when the resident HTTP proxy had a bad day and could not connect to github.com. > Rent is, essentially, theft from society itself, it leaves everyone poorer when most people rent. Not necessarily. It depends on whom you're giving the money to. If it's a profit-oriented company or investor or the like, then I'd tend to agree with you. On the other hand, I'm renting my apartment from a housing cooperative that I'm also a member of. The cooperative releases a yearly financial report detailing that rents are for the most part used for maintaining the buildings owned by the cooperative, and to buy new land and construct new buildings. I consider that model very sensible; it allows me to delegate all tasks relating to the maintenance of my apartment to people who are more competent in this area, and who can negotiate better rates with craftspeople. It also gives me much of the social security that people usually associate with self-owned apartments or buildings since my lease contract literally states that the cooperative is not allowed to throw me out of the apartment (given that I obey the rules of the house, of course). But at the same time, I have the flexibility to easily move to a different apartment somewhere else in the city (or somewhere else entirely) without having to deal with selling the apartment and buying a new one. In version 28 or so they removed the ability to configure Firefox Sync against a custom Sync server. You could continue to use an existing setup but there is no UI for setting up a new one. (all AFAIK) Interesting. Over here (Germany) the prices in housing cooperatives are actually ridiculously low, compared to the rest of the apartment market. As a student, I lived in a single-room apartment with separate kitchen and bath, 26 square meters total, for less than 200 euros (including utilities). It does not necessarily help. I accidentally bought a Smart TV about one year ago, an LG model with WebOS. I never dared connect it to the internet, but it was horrible nonetheless because the software was so abysmally slow. For example, to change a channel: 1. Grab the remote, press "5", press "OK". 2. Put down the remote. 3. Wait five seconds. 4. Overlay with "5" appears. 5. Wait five seconds. 6. Channel switches. I sold this shit a few months ago, and am now using my five-year-old dumb TV again. The same link is somewhere in this guide, too. This guide has a broader scope, though. You could just as well argue that his ideas are democratic, giving power to larger groups of people than before. Teaching the people to run their own services sounds pretty similar to what happened during the enlightenment, when people were taught to read at a large scale for the first time. "You can simply add WIRED.com to your ad blocker’s whitelist, so you view ads." That's cute. I just rolled out network-level adblocking at home to improve the security of legacy clients (e.g. old un-updateable Android phones). There is no concept of a whitelist in this approach. Personally, I do not block first-party ads (i.e. ad images served from the same domain as the original content). For me, the point of using an adblocker is to reduce attack surface and tracking opportunities. I see, of course, that I'm likely not representing the majority of adblock users. Depends on whether it's the site itself that gets hacked, or the ad network. (The latter is going to be a much more valuable target in practice since it allows malware to spread via multiple sites, not just one.) I'm not sure about that. I'm right there with you, but I'm skeptical whether it's a majority opinion. Does anybody have numbers on that? Seconded. I regularly prune the list of accounts I follow, so that I don't spend too much time with Twitter but still get to read everything from those people that I find interesting. I hate "While you were away" with a passion, especially the part where (on mobile) after dismissing it, it asks you "Did you like this?", yet it can't take a hint after the 20th "No". Automating processes involving people from outside your project is just a very hard problem. The trade-off here is investing a possibly small amount of time into recruiting a PM vs. investing a possibly ridiculous amount of time into building a magical issue triaging AI. The "onslaught" is very relative to how many time you can afford to spend on the project at all. If you can afford to spend one hour per week, then triaging 25 issues per week might eat all of that. If you can afford to spend one hour per day, then issue triaging will only be a small part of your daily routine. > They will ship small, non-delicate items in huge cardboard boxes, with inflatable padding thrown in for even more waste. At least we have social networks to rage about it: https://twitter.com/stefanmajewsky/status/642356938324475904 :) Wow. Your city's policies suck. My town (in Germany) has several disposal facilities where citizens can drop up to 2 m³ per year of bulk garbage, toxic and electronic waste free of charge. There's legislation happening to avoid that, for example http://time.com/4146012/france-food-waste-law/ > Officials in the French Parliament voted unanimously to put an end to food waste by forcing large grocery stores to donate unsold food. Where I live, glass is collected in three bins, labeled "white glass", "green glass", and "brown glass". The classic question is "What about blue glass?" As it turns out, all oddly-colored glass should go into the white glass bin since the recycling processes for green and brown glass are tuned for the specific dyes used. Business idea: A weekly newspaper or website that just republishes decade-long articles that were prophetic at the time and are still valid today. I don't think it's zeitgeist only. Or at least, not on such a short scale. The pre-internet equivalent of that is interviewing random people on the street about current events, to fill the 2:30 of your news report with something vaguely related to the subject. Like in Charlie Brooker's "How to report the news": https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=aHun58mz3vI A better analogy might be those smaller cola brands with higher caffeine levels. I don't know if you have these in the US; in Germany, there are a lot of them (e.g. Fritz Kola, Afri Cola, Club Mate Cola). On the outside, it looks similar to Coke/Pepsi (still cola), but it has a vastly different and smaller audience (people who need caffeine, but despise the sugariness of energy drinks). But they stay in their niche, because any attempt to replicate Coke/Pepsi would get them crushed between those two. Personal experience: While I have DuckDuckGo as the default search engine on my notebook, I end up taking multiple-word queries to Google most of the time because the results are much better there. In fact, DuckDuckGo is only better for one-word queries for me because of its promoted results (e.g. when I'm searching for the name of an OSS project and it highlights the official website at the top of the results page). I reject the metaphor. Just because a tool does not gain new followers (heh) anymore, doesn't mean it should be killed. It would be interesting to know if Twitter would be profitable if it is just put into maintenance mode. My point is, Twitter has value for me the way it is. I don't personally see any reason for changing it. Of course, that's not a reasoning that Wall Street would agree with. > a bit like how organizations could previously run their own email [...] infrastructure "Previously"? Seconded. All that mentality does is create "bullshit jobs" (not my wording) designed to employ people without actually giving meaning to their lives. http://strikemag.org/bullshit-jobs/ A pronouncing dictionary does not help you when people invent new words or import new words from a different language, in which case readers familiar with the subject at hand might identify the pronounciation from their familiarity with the source language or subject. Unless, of course, you have an AI attached to your TTS that can understand the context in a similar way. looks up "mould" in dictionary Do you mean the fungi that spread on wet walls? Because I would consider just painting over these a very bad idea. At least he's being clear about it, unlike big shops that silently display higher prices to users on iDevices compared to desktop/Android users. I once saw a report about two persons having the same name, same birthday, and same birthplace. It really fucks up a lot of administrative databases. Unhashed passwords don't get you pwned. They only become a problem after you've been pwned. "Shoulder surfing" refers to people extracting personal information, such as credentials, from your computer by just looking over your shoulder while you're typing them in or displaying them. Precisely the reason why password input fields usually display replacement characters instead of actual characters (or nothing at all if you're on a Unix terminal). While scrolling down past this page, I was wondering when they would finally show the final font. Until the end, I thought that these were all design sketches. The curious design aside, the bigger problem is legibility. For example, in the last example image (reading "a light one with dots and without") the horizontal lines of the H's are practically invisible, making it unnecessarily hard to even make out the word boundaries. The latter is a nice lesson in how the brain reads text (starting with word recognition, then moving on to deciphering single words and word groups), but the fact that viewing this font makes me realize this process just shows how badly designed the font is. And I'm not referring to "bad design" as in "I don't like the style", I mean it's bad because it does not satisfactorily perform the function that it is designed for (which for text always is to communicate meaning). > I still think Windows is the hardest and longest OS to install. But they have gotten way better, too. The last Windows that I regularly used was XP, and I remember it being a pain in the ass to set up (on the scale of "I'll dedicate the whole weekend to getting the OS and drivers installed"). Just recently, though, I set up a dual-boot on my desktop PC, with Arch Linux as default, and Windows 10 for the few games in my Steam library that are not Linux-compatible. I explicitly chose Windows 10 for enabling my DirectX-12-compatible card. The setup process was surprisingly straightforward and despite the very new hardware, it found all drivers out of the box and everything went smoothly. The only annoyance is the gazillion spying features that you have to disable, and the other gazillion spying features that you cannot disable. But since I'm only playing games on that OS, and the other OS with all personal data is on an encrypted disk, I don't care anyway. There are scripts for building each package individually, and these scripts list other packages that are required for the build process. There is nothing to enforce the requirement that the build requirements are a subset of the packages built, or even correlated to them. Source-based distributions are not the only solution. >> https://wiki.debian.org/ReproducibleBuilds I remember seeing a report about this on German TV where they had a big shop's product page loaded on both an iPad and an Android tablet, showing clearly different prices. I don't exactly remember which shop it was. Might've been Amazon, but I honestly don't remember. The whole comments thread here sums it up perfectly. You have a bunch of people praising Twitter for its utility to discover interesting content (which includes me), and a bunch of people condemning it for bad signal-to-noise ratio and abusive subcommunities. And frankly, if I had control over Twitter, I'd just be okay with that. The only change I'd make is identify more clearly which usecases create actual value for users, and advertise these more clearly. The biggest problem I'm reading from the article is that people misunderstand what Twitter is good for. Case in point: "How do I get followers?" Uhm, how about posting interesting things? This is not Facebook. People don't follow you just because you're a distant relative or happened to go to the same school once. People follow you because they find your tweets funny, insightful, or in another way a valuable target of their attention. > as search deteriorates Can you expand on why search is deteriorating? Honest question. I certainly don't see the relevance of search sinking, nor can I see any competitor in the market that could even come close to threatening Google's monopoly on search. > The courts have interpreted "protected computer" as any computer connected to the internet. The mismatch between the world views of jurisprudence and engineers is a neverending source of joy. (If working in tech has made you cynical like me, that is.) The German Criminal Code has §202c StGB [1], commonly known as the "hacker section" (or "Hackerparagraph" in German). While §202a and §202b punish unauthorized access to or interception of data, §202c extends this threat to obtaining passwords or creating tools in preparation of such an act. Note that this section has only existed for a few years. I am not aware if white-hat hackers have actually been prosecuted for creating hacker tools. [1] http://www.gesetze-im-internet.de/stgb/__202c.html > is primarily designed or produced for the purpose of circumventing a technological measure that effectively controls access to a work protected under this title The wording reminds me of a similar section in the German Copyright Law which outlaws the circumvention of "effective" copy-protection schemes. How an access control scheme can be effective and circumventable at the same time is completely beyond me. :) > Nobody is printing 40 year old news - people are still watching 40 year old movies. Because news operate at a different scale than movies. People are still reading 40-year-old books. A 40-year-old news article is not relevant anymore because it only fits within the momentary context in which it was created, whereas a non-fiction book or even an essay can span a broader context and thus stay as informative for future readers. Good luck trying to argue to a judge that the law is forbidden from being idiotic. ;) Or they might just be hitting different obstacles now. History is not always a linear interpolation of the past (though more often than most people are ready to admit). > In China where people worry about many things including clean water and corruption, having to have to worry about a large portion of the population being swindled by a bad acting foreign media propaganda is a real concern. And how are they gonna act against poisonous water and corruption if they cannot form a movement through some sort of free media? > In an undeveloped country this could potentially result in a nazi takeover. See impoverished Germany after World War I as an example. Do you really consider 1930s Germany undeveloped? Even a developed country is not impenetrable to propaganda. Just look at all the radical nationalists across all of Europe. Wow, awesome response. Will need to let that sink in. > So, as someone who is not an information architect or data scientist, it seems like we have an ecosystem where a scaled down version of google can be built and trained on the per user basis and completely private. I'm skeptical. Search is a huge problem just because of the bizarre amount of resources you need to throw at it. I can't afford to build my own datacenter(s) to host my custom search system. There might be huge advances ahead in terms of storage capacity on commodity systems, I don't know, but in any case, I'm only one person crawling webpages versus millions of people (and bots!) creating them. You implicitly address that a bit later by talking about "silo crawling", but again, I'm skeptical. The only silo structure that I can easily see is large sites with useful content like Wikipedia or StackOverflow/StackExchange, but I'm likely to come across these anyway in any given domain, and I can easily filter for these on Google today, e.g. "site:en.wikipedia.org". The more interesting and hard part is the long tail of small, sparsely interconnected websites which might contain unusual insights but are unlikely to come across with a silo crawler (or with Google's current UI, for that matter). > Search experience is getting worse in terms of control I guess that's the classical problem of scaling a product to a large audience of mostly technically illiterate users. Maybe Google is learning from Apple, whose UIs have for a long time favored ease of use over giving control to the user. The variable in this equation is the definition of "our enemy". This is an absurd waste of energy. Okay, but then, since you're already animating individual elements, what's the benefit over jQuery's $.fn.css? When I saw the title, I think it was going to be about how they deal with security. Actually, Opera was the one to invent tabs. Does someone remember why Firefox took off while Opera never managed to come out of its niches? Not at all. If I want to impersonate someone, I just have to act like them. The only protection is 2FA. > Stop being obsessed with [...] depression. So you're one of the persons who would suggest to clinically depressed people to "just smile again" as if that would magically solve all their problems and mental disorders? The point is that even if such people are a minority, we should treat them with the appropriate discretion and be sensitive to their psychological needs. Same here. Pretty disappointing. It does work with `mpv --ytdl`, though. Indeed. Instead of `cat`, OP could've used `sha256sum` on the config.php to prove the authenticity of your report without exposing the site to even more attacks. The last point sounds interesting. Gonna try that next time I do home office (which I only do when really necessary, e.g. because of craftsmen appointments at my home). A friend of mine recently got a German "Personenbeförderungsschein" (person transport permit) to work part-time at a chauffeur service (which, from what he told, is mostly identical to a taxi service). There was no First Aid training involved as far as he told me, only a knowledge test of about 100 Points of Interest around the city, including routes to there and in some cases opening hours. Depends on the application. I'm using uMatrix and always allow all content (including JS) that's served from the same domain. The problem for me really is tracking and visual clutter, and I assume that a first-party ad will not track me across domains and likely integrate well within the page layout. I'm fully aware though that I'm not the mean audience for adblocking. Source? ;) Well, even if it technically isn't an adblocker, it's a darn good one in practice. And it sets up domain blocking by default, probably using the same lists as uBlock Origin. > whereas after ~3 years you had completed the whole french language I'm also German and had French in upper school for five years, and that was certainly not true for me. In fact, I've yet to encounter a language that you can "complete" within three years of a normal school curriculum. (I'm not talking about living abroad or specialized language learning curriculums, where you can get proficient in well less than three years.) I've noticed that after I switched to watching most English movies with the original audio track, rather than the German dub. To the point where my usually-German internal monologue would sometimes flip to English because some idioms are only available in English, and I wouldn't notice until several sentences later. One thing that helped me avoid a German accent while speaking English, was to imitate a heavy German accent and observe what was really the essence of it, then just avoiding these "mistakes". For example, here are the things that make up most of the German accent of English: - pronouncing "th" as "s" (Germans apparently don't know how to put one's tongue tip on the upper teeth) - pronouncing "w" as "v" (like the German "w") instead of as "u" - sharper pronounciation of initial vowels (i.e. when a word starts with a vowel) and "h" > but that's 2 bits of data As if brains store bits. > "backyard-filled-with-children" (kindergarten) A kindergarten is most definitely a backyard filled with children. You would call that a "playground", most likely. Or just a backyard filled with children. A kindergarten is a daycare center for children aged 2-6. Here is my configuration: https://github.com/majewsky/system-configuration/blob/master... Domains with this configuration get A+ on ssllabs and securityheaders.io (test with "repo.holocm.org" if you like). It includes an autorenewal script wrapped in a systemd timer unit. There is one bug, though: The autorenewal script fails because letsencrypt crashes when stdin is not a TTY. ( https://github.com/letsencrypt/letsencrypt/issues/2523 ) What were you compiling? The official client is written in Python. That was something that I complained about even before letsencrypt. It's insanely difficult for anyone except crypto experts to figure out a sane selection of cipher suite, so why can't they not just include one or two sane presets with the application, that get updated along with it when algorithms are broken and new ones emerge? I'm running Arch Linux in production for my private systems, and am currently extending it to a system previously on Debian oldstable in order to harmonize my processes. It works very well for me (I didn't have any update-induced downtimes yet, except for the usual reboots to apply kernel upgrades), but I can easily see how people could struggle with the no-partial-upgrade problem when they employ complex, fast-moving software stacks. My solution is to package that software myself in a private repo, so that I get to decide when to upgrade. In Arch, probably more than with any other binary distribution, it helps very much to have a good grip on the packaging process. Once you already have your private repo and signing key set up and rolled out everywhere, the barrier to rolling the next custom package is much slower. I wouldn't say "once a day". When I'm sick, I might not touch my PCs for a week, and that has always been fine. The only situation where things were fucked up badly was when the system upgrade failed on a friend's notebook that was not updated for 6 months. I had to uninstall KDE in order to untangle the missing dependencies, then do the upgrade, then reinstall KDE. What you call "redneck" version is actually how I manage my system configuration. :) The metapackage is the only one that's explicitly installed, ever. (Except for workstations where I might install applications to test them.) Part of system maintenance is to clean out orphaned packages every once in a while, usually as part of the system update. A fruitful interpretation could be that there is no one language for all jobs. Just as programming languages are chosen for the specific task at hand, you can also choose a natural language by its effectiveness for the current task. Shamir's 3rd Law of Computer Security: "Cryptography is typically bypassed, not penetrated." > If I want some object, I will buy that object myself. I can so relate. "What can I get you for birthday?" - "Nothing, mum. I got all I need." - "How about we go buy some new shoes for you?" - " sigh I already have a pair of shoes." :) I've recently started building an actual database of my physical inventory, and have already found multiple items which I needlessly own twice because when I bought the second one, I didn't realize I had one already. It's much easier than that. Just a text file that I keep in a git repo (so I can sync it between systems). First, I assign string IDs to storage locations following a simple hierarchical pattern. For example, `H` might be the hallway. `Hc` might be the cupboard on the hallway. `Hc3` might be the third drawer in that cupboard, and so on. Now if I put my old external harddrive into that drawer, I write into the inventory text file: "Hc3 external harddrive". It's the storage location, followed by the asset name. If the thing might have many names, I just chain all of them together. Now all the queries come down to simple grepping, for example: - "grep '^H' inventory" gives me all the items I have stored in the hallway. - "grep Windows inventory" shows me where I put that old Windows 7 DVD. My system also includes optional "intents" to be appended to the storage location. There's "#s" (sale), "#o" (offer = give away for free), "#g" (garbage), and "#e" (evict = move to a less accessible storage location if space is needed). So I can just show the output of "grep '#o' inventory" to my friends, and they can see at a glance what stuff I have to give away. In a way, that's even worse. You're more likely to forget a complicated passphrase when you only have to type it in very seldomly. > Thankfully this nonsense is on its way out Do you mean Shockwave, or ads? ;) I'm skeptical of any form of filtering or censorship. How can you know which rules the algorithm abides by? If it's some deep-learning-based AI, how would even Twitter know exactly which rules the AI abides by? A more transparent solution could be a prominent warning mark on tweets from people who have more people blocking them than following them. And be the first person in history to actually catch a computer virus? ;) I guess the argument is orthogonality. It is a desirable property in programming languages to not have overlapping features, because people will always be confused about when to use which (the classic example being pointers vs. references in C++). The closest to this astronaut food that we actually have (albeit not at large scale yet) is probably Soylent. How long until the McDécor? :) At my old team, when we did the migration from SVN to Git, I set up the deployment workflow with mandatory pull requests for everything. And I included a small deployment tool in the QA system where every developer could just click a checkbox next to their branch, and that branch would be added to the QA system (which has a copy of the production data for extended testing). Behind the scenes, it just does an octopus merge of all selected branches into master. Since the codebase was reasonably large, we almost never encountered problems with merge conflicts. sed -i s/float/double/ *.go If I read the snippet correctly, that's a stack, not a queue. > "descartes reset" I love that word. Especially because studying Descartes in high school has also shaped my world view very strongly. I use red sunglasses for that (sometimes advertised as "UV protection"). The advantage is that it works on all devices, even analog ones. :) Random plug: Another invaluable tool for API analysis is http://mitmproxy.org . How is RPM a more reliable format than dpkg? I've worked with both systems as part of writing a program that generates pacman/dpkg/RPM packages, and I've found dpkg to be the most sane and well-designed of the three, while the RPM format is a horrible and under-documented atrocity. Well duh. How is it supposed to make any statement about the situation at your place when it does not know your location? The only alternative is: return (rand() > RAND_MAX/2) ? "Yes" : "No"; > Nobody disputes the usefulness of some ad(vert)s. I do. Some years ago, I've read an essay where the author, among other things, considered banning paid advertisements, i.e. getting paid to promote someone else's work. I sadly didn't save a link at the time, and I can't find it on Google. The author argued that today's social networks are effective ways for word-of-mouth advertising, which is why classical advertising is not strictly required for a new product to take off (esp. when combined with crowdfunding). Furthermore, advertisements regularly create requirements that are irrational and even harmful to the people involved (e.g. sodas and sweets) or the society or its natural resources. I can see how banning paid advertisement could help in transitioning to a zero-growth economy, which I consider one of the most remarkable challenges of our generation. I would love to see these ideas explored with scientific scrutiny, because, as always with economic policies on this scale, it's near impossible to estimate their effect in advance. The site is aimed at people who want AdBlock but don't know yet that a) it exists or b) how to get it. True, but hacking an ad network to distribute malware has a much better Return On Investment since it will distribute your malware from potentially thousands of websites, instead of just one. The same reason why exploits for Windows and Windows software are more common than for other desktop operating systems. My two layers of blocking are also not detected. Layer 1: Similar to what @accommodavid has, my router uses several lists of ad-server domains to block requests to them. The list URLs are at https://github.com/pi-hole/pi-hole/blob/963eacfe0537a7abddf3... Layer 2: My browser has uMatrix. It is set up to only allow a) first-party requests of any kind, and b) third-party requests for images and CSS. (So on your site, the JS from ajax.googleapis.com is blocked.) Good thing I'm not in the US. :) What uBlock displays is merely a lower bound. Many ad scripts, when loaded, will make further requests. But with uBlock, they're never loaded, so uBlock can't count the requests that were never tried. Here's a problem with audition projects: I would never be able to take part in one, since my current job contract has a clause forbidding me from simultaneously working for any competitor in the same field. (This is a German job contract; I don't know if such clauses are common in the US or elsewhere, too.) So in order to work on an audition project, I'd have to be unemployed already. This is odd. I had FDE enabled for quite some time on my old Nexus 4 (and now on a OnePlus One) and I've not experienced any performance degradation after I turned it on. Maybe I was lucky and both phones support hardware acceleration for the relevant crypto primitives. It's a German company, and my previous employer (a German SME) had a similar clause, so it's likely not just them. Of course this is implemented in a paper voting system, if done right. When there are elections over here (in Germany), I can sit in the room all day and observe that the ballot box is empty at the beginning, every voter only votes once, and that votes are counted correctly at the end. When I did that last year, I also wrote down the totals and compared these to the published results for my electoral district. That's why we need mandatory pre-registration and publication for trials: You have to announce in advance when you're doing a trial, and you have to publish the results afterwards, so that you can't cherry-pick the ones you like. If you're looking for a simple/minimalistic configuration management, I'll shamelessly plug my own: http://holocm.org Yeah, so? People using Google most likely "had no problems at all" either. When something is paid for directly (and consequentially cannot be afforded by some), it will be biased towards the opinions of its backers, and thus, the wealthy. "Studierende" is actually a counterexample, because it means "people who are studying right now". So if you hear of "Studierendenproteste" rather than "Studentenproteste" (student protests), you can picture them reading books during their protest. :) That's an interesting point. However, this will only work when you're only ever reading your own source code. In Ruby code, I've seen a lot of very long expressions formatted without any spaces at all, like: (artifical example) @posts = Post.where(author:params[:author_id].to_i).map{|p|p.comment_count}.select{|c|c>5&&c I often found myself properly formatting the code before I could even read it. Re 2) set wildmode=list:longest EDIT: Re 3), there's something weird going on. I just tried the benchmark from the article that you linked ("1000000aaeou "), and it really did not complete in a useful timeframe. However, when I insert the text once, yank it, then paste it with repeat ("iaeou ^y4l1000000p"), the operation completes instantly, and I can still browse the file without any slowdown. Undo/redo across this operation seems to take some seconds, though. Plus taxes. Reminds me of the famous Blaise Pascal quote: "I would have written a shorter letter, but I did not have the time." (also attributed to Mark Twain, T.S. Eliot and others) > Now that I have some years of experience in the industry, I realize that 80% of the "puzzles" I face at work are bullshit. Amen, brother. Just four years of work experience here, but I can totally confirm that. The actual product is built in a week, then it's multiple months of "this department over there needs a special case implemented pronto". 100 € might be a bit too low. Mine is 800 € a week IIRC, but it also counts for payments via EC (Electronic Cash, i.e. paying with the normal bank account card). I once ran into it on a Sunday after just having paid for a week-long hotel stay. Luckily I had just enough money left to pay the train ticket back home. Having said that, I also like the relatively low limit to contain the damage in case of skimming or card theft. The dominant explanation among leftist economists in Europe is that banks wants to set negative interest rates on consumer bank accounts. But that only works when cash is eliminated. Otherwise, negative interest would cause a bank run because keeping the money at home in cash is literally more profitable than leaving it in the bank account. Also, cash has its builtin handling costs. It needs to be handled and counted by cashiers, which usually takes more time than an electronic payment transaction (iff the electronic transactions go smoothly). I don't have any insight on how much costs this is actually causing BTW. But I recall handling costs for businesses being an argument in the debate to abolish pennies (in the US) or 1ct/2ct coints (in Europe). It depends. Pseudo-anonymity can give a (possibly false) sense of security. With bank accounts tied to your name, at least you definitely know that "they" can trace it back to you at every time, whereas with pseudo-anonymity you might never know if you're fully anonymous. > So yeah, if they are focused on GHE, these features don't suggest that. Then have a look at the GHE release notes. 2.5 introduces clustering to improve scaling of large instances, which is really nice for large orgs like my day job in SAP Cloud Infrastructure. Totally. Just click "rails generate" twice. ;) It is very useful in work cultures where people don't do PRs all the time (particularly out of laziness or to do hotfixes), but you still want to comment on the change. +1 - I was so confused about this yesterday. For not just a moment, I thought they had eliminated global search entirely. You can do ANYTHING at zombo.com! That's for properties and keywords, not for class names. Have a look at the official documentation: https://doc.qt.io/ I've used it in early Qt 4 times to learn Qt myself, but since it's been a while, I can't attest if the documentation is still as good as it was back then, but a quick gloss over it suggests that it is still as extensive. They seem to be focusing the tutorials on their IDE (Qt Creator), but you can also use it with other build systems (preferably CMake) if you prefer the CLI. Seconded. Also, the KDE Free Qt Foundation [1] has slowly extended the reach of their Agreement to include all versions of Qt across all platforms, including most additional modules maintained by Qt Company. [1] The KDE Free Qt Foundation maintains a legal contract between KDE e.V. and the owners of Qt that mandates that, should Qt not see a new release for longer than 12 months, the last version of Qt be re-licensed under a permissive BSD-style license. Well then it's odd that the article doesn't mention OSM anywhere. I had a similar thing just recently. I was sitting in a hackerspace trying to book a hotel. It wasn't possible there because they wanted a credit card (just as safety if I don't show up, I was going to pay in the hotel anyway). Since I don't have a credit card, I IM'd a friend if I could use his credit card for the booking. I went over to his place, and when I did the booking process at his home, suddenly I could book without a credit card. My hypothesis is that the hotel website didn't trust me in the hackerspace since I was connecting to them over a VPN. Hasn't it always been like that? Just replace "some algorithm" with "social norms". I don't see a qualitative difference. Wait, actually, one difference. The algorithm adjusts much quicker than social norms, which is why it seems to affect you more. Changing of social norms is usually only observed by people who are older than the average HN reader. Depends. The POTUS is not likely to use the nuclear arsenal against you. Your personal data, though, is much more actionable from his POV. Depends on the law. Most or all of these examples are not public record in Germany. I use uMatrix, mostly to block malicious or intrusive JavaScript. It's not primarily intended as an adblocker, but effectively works like one since most ads are served by untrusted third parties. But since more and more malware is now spreading through ad networks, I've taken it one step further and rolled out domain-level adblocking on my router (on the DNS level), mainly as a way of securing non-updateable devices like Android phones of guests. Note that this means that I cannot whitelist ads for a specific domain, but since adblocking was never my primary concern to begin with, I consider that acceptable. I will always see ads if they are served from the same domain (or from any other domain that is not a known ad server), so there's a clear and easy way for publishers to get ads in front of my eyes, should they decide to give a shit. In these cases, I usually use while(true) with break, like while (true) { const bool flag = do_something(); if (!flag) break; } I've seen 2TB already. Another thing: Look at the geographical distribution for "api" and observe a huge peak for Indonesia, stomping everything else into the ground. I'd guess that "api" is some sort of very common word in the Indonesian language. It also depends on the region. In Germany, Facebook's market penetration is much lower than in the US. In my circle of acquaintances, only about half of them have a Facebook account, and even less admit using it regularly. And to give some evidence beyond my obviously skewed social context, most restaurants have a simple static website with a menu and map, instead of a Facebook page (or in some cases, in addition to a Facebook page). Exactly. More than once I've written a small shell script to do things that other people do in multiple KLOC of Go or NodeJS. > With just a couple of lines of CSS the readability would increase tenfolds. That's what Firebug is for. :) So what is it then that makes this kind of fraud common in Southern Europe but practically nonexistent in Germany? (judging from my experience) Yes, it's most certainly that. See also http://knowyourmeme.com/memes/events/gak I guess that's a feature. Underlines on the web usually denominate a link, so offering underlines for non-links would just confuse readers needlessly. (inb4 "But my use-case is different." Yes it is, but I'm talking about the web in general.) I would rather say that (La)TeX is a turing-complete programming language that includes an extensive typesetting library. :) > It's not as bad as it used to be but reinstalling the OS and cleaning the fans can often substantially improve an old PC. And if you're reinstalling the OS anyway, add an SSD (at least for the system files). This gives a substantial performance boost on most old PCs for under 100 $/€. I'd like an Android phone with the update availablity of iOS. Nexus is the closest contender, but they still stop supporting devices after about 1,5 - 2 years. I bought a 4K monitor last year, and since it was about as expensive as all the good 24"-28" models, I went with a 40" model (the Philips BDM4065UC, to be exact). And it's amazing. 4K is awesome when you have the screen area to actually fit more content on the screen without having to Alt-Tab all the time (e.g. code + API documentation + test results). It's basically four 1080p monitors in one. @TickleSteve below me: "without this, removal is only performed within the compilation-unit" Not quite. When you link to a static library ( .a) with lots of .o object files in it, only those object files will be linked that are actually used by your program. I first learned about this when I looked at the source of dietlibc, and wondered about every function being in a separate file. That enables the aforementioned trivial optimization, even without -flto. This will give startsWithCapitalLetter("!") == true which is not what you want. I loved these. Then my employer replaced my Thinkpad with a Macbook. And Outlook for Mac does not have the Tasks pane. > you might risk losing some people forever as their skills become so obsolete This is likely why I'll likely never be able convince myself to take a break from programming until retirement. Unless, of course, today's chatbots evolve to write code better than we do. Or at least cheaper. I would much rather have another airport built than another prison. > If you get rid of advertising, you slow down the economy. I still don't understand why a slower economy is a bad thing. Poverty and starvation is definitely a bad thing, climate change is definitely a bad thing, but a slow economy? There may be no upper bound on the absolute amount of available resources, but there is still a limit on how fast you can expand. Consider the following maximal example: If all of Earth's resources are exhausted (whatever that means, I don't rely on any exact definition), we need to head outwards into space. Because our expansion is limited by the speed of light, we can at most cover a distance r(t) = c * t and thus a volume of space V(t) = (c * t)^3 where t is the time spent travelling through space. The amount of available resources (assuming an even distribution of resources on the scale of the universe) is proportional to V, and thus to t^3. Cubic growth is much much much much less than exponential growth. In fact, the exponential function can be shown to grow faster than any power function. "High Output Management" was released in 1983. The article referenced here is from 2010. Maybe he has just changed his opinion. What is this shit? I'm only seeing an empty website, even after accepting all the third-party JSs (except for Google/Twitter/Facebook). > with custom hardware for which the drivers are rarely all available for linux Over the last 10 years, I have never encountered a notebook that didn't work at all in Linux. Sure, you'd have the occasional brightness switch or WiFi toggle not working perfectly, but it would always be usable. And that experience includes an Asus Zenbook which, at the time of installation, had been released only three days ago, so it was definitely not all old hardware. Might have been my luck, though. > you end up having to type command lines almost immediatly, to install a software or change a configuration The world is not just Gentoo. Have you actually used a mainstream distribution in the last few years? > Has he built a huge multi-billion dollar business? He's built other people's multi-billion dollar businesses. :) > There's a difference between "Standards Compliant" and "Does not work for me". Many of the standards compliant cables might work just fine for a majority of users. I'd assume that a USB-Type C recepticle embedded in a costly device, such as a smartphone or notebook, is more likely to be manufactured by someone who adheres to the specs, or at least strives to. Hetzner is really awesome. They even offer a painless Arch Linux installation which works great. That site appears quite outdated. According to my package manager, this is the current upstream URL: http://kde.org/applications/graphics/kolourpaint/ If it's ksycoca4-related, try kbuildsycoca4 --no-incremental && sudo kbuildsycoca4 --global --no-incremental Ugly, but it gets the job done. I don't seem to have needed that with KDE 5 applications, so maybe they fixed that, and Krita just needs to update (which AFAIK they're already working on). > how does Win 10 do on eliminating cruft, like old update files I cannot answer this, just speculating: Windows does not create multiple partitions by default, so as long as C:/ has free space left, it can pile on without a care in the world. And by the time that it actually fills up, the average consumer would go buy a new PC anyway (or pay someone to cleanup the mess). Fun fact: I recently used units(1) to convert a power of two of something, when it threw a syntax error on me because the power operator (like "2^6") was not known. It turned out that I was accidentally not using the units(1) from my Linux VM, but the one on my Mac's native terminal, which according to the manpage dates back to 1991. Apple has literally not gotten around to updating their units for 25 years. I see the educational value in building a compiler to C if you want to introduce people to parsing, AST transformations, visitor pattern etc. But a lot of interesting parts about a compiler are lost when you compile to a high-level language instead of machine code: code selection (to a large extent), register allocation, operation scheduling. Doing a compiler backend right is much more challenging than doing a compiler frontend right, which is why tutorials usually skip it, and also why people are so grateful for LLVM, which gives a common compiler backend for about every platform imaginable. If you want a binary executable, yes. But that's sort of a tautology: If a program produces some output (like C source code or a binary), you usually run it because you intend to do something with its output later (like compile it or interpret it, or execute it on the machine if it's a binary). So next week, I'd like to see a "Super Tiny Operating System" on the frontpage. No, I didn't notice the movement you describe. But the color wheel's content appears to grow and shrink the slightest bit when I move my head towards it and away from it, respectively. Probably a halo effect. The problem is that mathematical notations can vary from topic to topic, from university to university, even from office to office inside a university department, even within the same lecture of a single professor. (Been there: "Notation will be different in this chapter since I've copied it from another author's paper.") > I have friends who are in the IT industry, making good money, and who are genuinely ashamed of how much money they make. Not just them. I feel the same when I hear that I earn more on my 28-hour-a-week job than my brothers working full-time as civil engineers (including night shifts and lots of overtime). > The US Federal Budget is $3.8 trillion. There is no way tax not being paid in Panama is coming even close to the $3.6 tn they mention. 1. The 3.6tn figure is for the whole world. The US will only be a chunk of that, although probably a large chunk. 2. Why do you not consider these numbers plausible? On what factual basis can you dispute that the US is not in fact missing out on, say, 20-40% of their possible tax income because of tax evasion? A world where crime is not possible might be psychologically devastating for a large amount of people. Assuming a somewhat symmetrical distribution of competence, about 50% of people will be less competent than average. Many of these people will need someone to blame for their failure, and usually it's "these guys over there don't play fair!!!". Imagine a world where these people are faced with conclusive proof that they just suck at what they're doing. > This is the theorized win-win with LVT: there is encouragement to develop otherwise-idle land. That's only a win-win if you don't value nature very highly. LVT sounds like it would force even faster destruction of invaluable biospheres like rainforests. Here's the same video on the CCC's site, where they won't track you: https://media.ccc.de/v/cccamp11-4591-financing_the_revolutio... > Why would, say, a farming robot care whether someone is "freeloading" off its labor? The obvious rebuttal is that someone has to build and maintain the farming robot, so this is the guy whom you would be freeloading of. On a more general note: The concept of property only ever arises because of scarcity. For example, you wouldn't describe yourself as owning the air in your apartment, since there is ample air. A diver, on the other hand, would definitely declare ownership in the air in your air bottle. So how can we implement a post-scarcity society? My best guess would be to work on affordable technology that makes basic things like water, food, clothes or internet access not scarce anymore. > The fee for not paying a fine on time can be a weekend stint in jail, whereby you will get charged for room and board. looks at this in complete puzzlement I'm constantly amazed at just how broken the US system is in almost every possible way. And just for the record, there is no such thing as payday loans in Europe. At the very least not in Germany. The first time I heard of these was when John Oliver did a segment on them. Seconded. I live in a housing cooperative in Germany (the biggest one in the state actually), and as far as I'm informed, the main reason for their low rents is that they fully own their buildings, whereas most private property owners need to pay off their property credits, and corporate property owners additionally need to generate profit for their shareholders. This is not to say that the housing cooperative does not generate a modest profit, which is then used to build new affordable housing, or to modernize existing properties for modern energy efficiency laws. > So this is a first challenge to AR being something we carry all the day like a mobile. The fact that it looks cool to a few techies doesn't warrant wide adoption. This fits with the article hinting at smartphone capabilities being integrated in AR/VR headsets. I would like a device that looks like normal glasses but can display images on the inside of the glasses to create an AR or VR experience when the user wishes to do so. Like Google Glass, but not as obnoxious. If that thing can replace my smartphone, sign me up. (The most important feature would be an easily triggered silent mode where it does not pop notifications into my eyesight while I'm socializing or focussing.) Firefox 45.0.1 on Arch Linux running KDE Plasma 5.6 on X here. The font renders fine for me. Intuitiveness depends on satisfying the user's implicit expectations. My expectation is that within a text editor, I'm able to use Vim keybindings (and my assorted plugins) to edit text. So your assumption hinges on the expectation of a user which is not at all similar to me or most other Vim powerusers. A good measure for plugins IMO is to look for ones that are very focused on a specific featureset. For example, Syntastic is plain awesome because it solves the problem of syntax/semantics checking once and for all, and does not attempt to do anything else. Other than that, my plugin selection mostly includes plugins that add specific motions (EasyMotion), commands (vim-surround), or behavior (detectindent.vim). On the other hand, I absolutely despise plugins that claim to turn Vim into an IDE for $language. These tend to be bloated as fuck. Especially Syntastic. It's always a pain when every ":w" of a Ruby file hangs for 5 seconds during syntax checking because Ruby is so abysmally slow. Neovim also has the terminal buffers, which Vim has explicitly stated to never add. (Source: Somewhere in :help, but unfortunately I can't find it right now.) > supports="headings" * Does it allow further markup inside the headings? If so, which tags? strong? emph? span? a? * Which attributes are allowed on the etc. tags? class? style? name? id? lang? dir? id? You see where this is going. > spans="blinky" Hell no. People have already given a lot of answers, but there's one thing that annoys me specifically about Visual Studio and Xcode. Every so often, I come across a cool open-source project that I would like to build and tinker with, only to find that it can only be compiled if the Visual Studio solution file or XCode project file from the repo is used. Or let's say, it could be compiled probably, but replicating all the logic hidden inside the solution/project is ridiculous. That's not to say that you can't have the best of both worlds. For example, CMake can generate both Makefiles and VS solutions. Let's say these are five perceived seconds. The number might or might not be skewed by my passionate hatred of Ruby. Last time I used MS-DOS productively was in 2008, for a lab course while studying physics. The specialized equipment they used came with a software that ran under MS-DOS, and from that point, they "never changed a running system". I've been told that this particular PC has still been in operation at least one year ago. I also remember that we had a problem with transferring the resulting data for analysis, because the physics department had just been equipped with new PCs that did not have floppy drives anymore. Pathogen: Most likely. Vundle: Probably not. The problem with evaluating editor efficiency is that you are more likely to measure the user's proficiency. The vim editing style is only as efficient as the number of motions that you know. (I use about half of them actively, but I have a lot of vim users sitting around me that barely know "w".) So to really compare efficiency of, say, Emacs vs. vim, you will first need to find two users. One who is as proficient in Emacs as the other is in vim. Good luck with that. :) :help :map Re 1. I think he's referring to "FreeBSD jails". Exactly. I've heard a similar quote: "The only way to make a program run faster is to make it do less." I guess they refer to jurisdictions changing their time zones or DST rules every so often. Note how they're only talking about the future, because that's where policy changes typically apply. Maybe the application only allowed to configure GMT offsets, rather than timezones? I saw an internal application at work that did exactly this, and there was a predictable mess twice a year when DST started or ended. "I can't ask that many people to change, it would take too long." Made my day. There is this famous conversation-starter: "If you could enact one law, what would be it?" I always say that I would force the US to ditch imperial units, the Fahrenheit scale, and whatever other wonky specialties they've come up with that just confuse programmers everywhere. Also, let's get rid of DST entirely. Here in Germany (which once consisted of 100-or-so small states), the introduction of a unified timezone only happened when railroad systems were built, because people noticed for the first time that their clocks were off by a slight amount. Until the unified timezone happened, timetables would be printed with multiple timezone information. So maybe your train would depart in Dresden at exactly 14:00 Saxonian time, take exactly three hours to drive to Berlin, and arrive there at 17:06 Prussian time. > Way to call your kid an asshole on LinkedIn for no good reason, guy. There is a difference between "My child is an asshole" and "$thing turns my child into an asshole". > is a block level element This just happens to be the default style. At its core, is an unordered list. Whether you happen to arrange the items horizontally, vertically, or any other way, is just presentation. Which is precisely why CSS is separate from HTML. Been there. In Konqueror (oh the olden days), the default colors came from the system color scheme. When I was using an inverted color scheme (White on Black), some websites were unreadable because they set the text color to something dark, but left the background color at the default (which was implied to be something light, but was actually dark blue for me). Yes, and people are notoriously bad at grasping hidden costs of a good or service. Agreed. Though I'm from Germany, a country that is historically anxious about national pride. And that includes myself. I get why people want to feel proud of their country, but I don't need this. I view a state as a provider of infrastructure, social security, and societal stability. Therefore I'm not particularly attached to the concrete state I'm living in, as long as it provides these amenities to me. > I still get a new phone every 1-2 years because the upgrades are worth it Really? About the only reason why I'm getting a new phone every so often is when the old one stops being updated. (My Nexus 4 lasted 3 years, and it would have done another year.) Planned obsolescence, if you want. > The endgame is that we're all government employees in a Dilbertesque hell. I once heard about the British Colonial Office. The time when it had the most employees was precisely the time when it was dissolved because Britain did not have colonies anymore. They were all just shuffling papers around all day. I sadly don't have a source for that. Does anyone have a link, by any chance? 2D maps can be rendered by a GPU just fine. However, when you're doing the upgrade from CPU rendering to GPU rendering anyway, you likely want to have some returns, so they probably just went to 3D in the same step with few extra development cost. Here's my favorite git oneliner: git push origin --delete $(git branch --merged origin/master -r | grep -v master | grep origin | cut -d/ -f2-) It deletes all remote branches that are merged into the remote master. Because people always forget to click the "Delete branch" button after merging their pull requests. EDIT: And another thing. Turn all your Git aliases into shell aliases (e.g. "git status" is aliased to "git st" is aliased to just "st" on my system) with this one weird trick! https://github.com/majewsky/devenv/blob/2c4252d37597617a493f... reflog is one of these things where you think "that would have been awesome to have" in hindsight. In 2009 or so, I was using git-svn on the KDE SVN. I was preparing a major refactoring of Kolf in a local branch (about 60 commits with 10000 lines changed), and pushed it to the SVN once I was satisfied with it. Unfortunately, the 20th-or-so commit failed because a SVN pre-commit hook rejected it (there were some DOS line-endings in a source file that I imported). At that time, git-svn was (AFAIR) already prepared to handle a failing SVN pre-commit hook on the first commit (e.g. when authorization is missing or stuff like that), but not somewhere in the middle. The end result was that my working copy, my index, and my master branch was completely trashed. And I didn't have a backup... Luckily, the tip commit of my feature branch had not yet been packed, so a clever grep on .git/objects found it, and I could recover my pre-push state. Since then, reflog has always been enabled on my systems. Luckily, I haven't needed it since. A hundred times this. When some library upgrade happened to break stuff on my system, I could roll it back selectively, while still getting the updates for everything else (as long as it does not strictly depend on this new library version). That's gone now. Good thing I abandoned Ubuntu a long time ago. If you don't feel a particular urge to upgrade right now, it's probably not a bad idea to wait for the first service pack (16.04.1), which usually comes a few months later. Most kinks should be ironed out by then. I used Amarok 2 for a while, but I was outraged by its ridiculously high memory usage (nearly 100 MiB for a library of ~3000 songs at the time). I moved to MPD shortly after. I'm on Arch, which has none of that bullshit. Exactly. These are only client-side interfaces. The server-side is usually much larger. > whether that's achieved by reducing the number of things you do, or by doing them more efficiently Is there any way to do stuff more efficiently instead of doing less things (i.e. doing it in less steps)? Optimizing is always about trimming out the fat. It's also free on WSJ when you come in with a Google referer. Google search for "wall street journal snowden assurance" worked for me. Numbers 1 and 9 through 11 are not really relevant for this discussion. Or is there evidence that he is restricted to his apartment (either by his own choice or by force)? > The idea is that procrastinators calculate the fluctuating utility of certain activities: pleasurable ones have more value early on, and tough tasks become more important as a deadline approaches. This sounds like a definition (sort of) for rational judgment. When you have a hard task, most of the time it's a good idea to procrastinate it for a while because a) requirements may change, so that work spent early on could be useless (or even the whole task could turn out to be unnecessary), or b) you might acquire more knowledge in the meantime which enables you to solve the task more effectively or more efficiently. The distinction between a procrastinator and a rationalist would then be that the procrastinator also procrastinates tasks for which the outlook of these two things happening is bleak. The second one sounds like big fun when you LD_PRELOAD a different memcpy (say, for debugging purposes) and spend hours and hours trying to figure out why it is not being called. Rubyistas sure have a bizarre definition of "best codebases". > This elegant trick of having a class inherit from Module allows us to use a class in a kind-of module context and to use a module in a kind-of class context. This summarizes exactly why I hate Ruby: bizarre syntax tricks all over the place, and (not only junior) developers desperately trying to figure out how that instance variable over there teleported over here, because some gem developer wanted to be clever. > Procto turns your ruby object into a method object. The code example from the README speaks for itself so I’ll just paste it here: No it doesn't. What is even going on in there?!? > This whole chunk of code looks a little more complex than it actually is: Another thing that I often encounter in Ruby code, particularly in gems. See also the definition of "hacker" in the Jargon File: http://www.catb.org/jargon/html/H/hacker.html Also, the benefit is more immediate. "I will enjoy this food within the next 30 minutes" is closer temporally than "I will enjoy this app over the course of the next few months or maybe even years". > And it all started with them giving me portal (one) for free. Heh, same for me. I was quite surprised when my library recently hit the 100 games mark. Heh. The only game that I currently play in Steam is not even a Steam game, but PCSX2 (a PS2 emulator); I only need Steam for the Steam Controller. Once you have provably correct software, the much harder problem is provably correct hardware. :) I think it's entirely fair if there is no proper feedback method indicated on the erroneous page. How else am I going to do anything about it? See also the "dear-github" letter. I saw something similar when I used a German government agency's website last week to fill out some forms. Their password policy was: - minimum 8 chars - contains at least 3 of 4 of the following types of chars: - small letters - capital letters - numbers - symbols I usually use random-generated passwords that are dumped as hex, i.e. [0-9a-f]{64}, so I just added "A+" at the end. Turns out that didn't work. What did work was to prepend "A+" instead of appending it. So apparently they silently truncate long passwords somewhere before the 64th character. > Desktop is reasonably stable Have you ever written desktop GUI programs? ;) Particularly on Linux, but I remember that when I was still writing .NET programs on Windows, it was a running gag that every major .NET release brought a completely new UI framework. Did you test the --std change in isolation, without your new headers? Some libraries' headers are ridiculously expensive when they make heavy use of templates. My favorite in that regard is Boost::Qi. Ah, thanks for the link. I was wondering because Arch Linux is still on GCC 5.3, yet the release mail says that "the last release" (which I considered to be 6.0) to be about a year old. Not necessarily a future trend. When I took a class in compiler construction last semester, the professor considered it industry standard to use multiple (AFAIR he said "up to five") IRs in the same compiler/linker toolchain. Classic joke: "Wow, that's a huge building. How many people work here?" - "Maybe half of them." One can easily observe this "server is the actual game" property in Minecraft when running on an underpowered server. At home, Minecraft runs on my home server (with a small Athlon CPU) and it fails to keep up with the required speed of the game, so the server log will show messages like "server clock running behind, skipping 58 ticks" every so often. An observable effect of this is that you have to hold the right mouse button just a little bit longer than the actual animation when eating stuff. And when you look at the sun, you will see it moving forward continuously (as calculated by the client), but skipping back a tiny bit every few seconds (when the client adjusts for the server's time drift). That type of story grows old after the 100th time you hear it. > apart from few very specialized areas, you can do harm with bug but not harm/kill anybody I'd still say that more bugs can kill people than you would expect. Many seemingly harmless bugs can be used (maybe chained together) to extract personal information out of systems, which is then used to prosecute people, or to justify putting them on a death list. > and we all do bugs, don't we Yes, sadly. Well yeah, to the Chan Zuckerberg Initiative. Putting your money into your own foundation is a well-known tax evasion scheme. Or you can just enter "31.184.194.81 sci-hub.io" into your /etc/hosts, so the certificate will match up with the domain name. Do any universities offer something like "passive studentship"? i.e. you pay only a small fraction of the tuition, it does not include any courses, but you may attend the facilities and specifically the library and get access to the university network. If that existed, hobby researchers and the like could get access to all these journals for a probably smaller amount of money. > If we were more trusted to do the right thing Is that trust justified? Not on the scale of you, but on the scale of everyone working the helpdesk in your company. While I will concede that many management tasks could be optimized away, or just plainly removed without replacement without impacting performance negatively, these tasks do exist for a reason. Then the new kings will be the people who build these farming robots. (Unless we get easily reproducible open-source designs for these.) The chart shows productivity increase . Productivity itself is never shrinking. Exactly. Just yesterday, I used it to get an accurate reading of the driving distance between two cities. Try to tap-and-hold on the street. It'll put a pin in there and tell you the address, which contains the road's name. For a visual comparison, you can look at http://sautter.com/map/ > I'm not even talking about supporting reproducibility by outsiders -- they can't even achieve reproducibility within their own labs, because they don't follow practices that are baseline in industry (version control, configuration management, standardized environments, etc). True that. Four years ago, when I was writing my thesis in computational physics, I attended a research group meetup. One session gathered all the students and had them showcase their research. When there was still some time left at the end, I asked the audience who was using version control systems for the programs they write, and only 5% or so raised their hands. I then immediately ran them through a Git tutorial, and people were amazed by what is possible. He's talking about the ordering, not the content. Even a carefully curated list of followers will be resulted in a timeline that's destroyed by Twitter's bizarre attempts to drive your attention towards the paid content that's forced on you. It's always amazing how much shit people will put up with as part of their daily routine. That's sort of the usual explanation: Shareholders see that Facebook is more popular and profitable than Twitter, hence they put pressure on Twitter to be more like Facebook. The problem being of course that no one needs a second Facebook. Eeyup. A 2009 version is archived at https://erdgeist.org/cvsweb/Fefe/blog/blog.c The best part is that where stores his posts. SQL? Nope. NoSQL? Nope. Plain text files? Nope. Fucking LDAP. [1] [1] Source: http://blog.fefe.de/?ts=a8d61c27 I'm okay with "i" (like others said, it's a well-known shorthand for "iterator" or "index") but I often use "idx" because it can easily be combined with other words in nested loops (e.g. "rowIdx" and "columnIdx"). You can always reverse a password hash. It just takes fucking forever. ;) The point of this kind of law is not to make encryption disappear, it is meant to always have some reason to prosecute you if you disobey. IANAL either, but as far as I know a clean-room reverse engineering (like the Samba guys did) should be pretty safe. Of course, other reverse engineering techniques (e.g. disassembling or decompiling) are pretty illegal. Also, the ToS for Skype may forbid the use of inofficial clients, and users using these might be locked out of the service if Skype finds out and cares. Most serious statically-typed languages have some sort of "anything" type where you can check the actual value type at runtime using some sort of reflection. For example, the direct Golang equivalent of a Javascript object is a map[string]interface{}. That's the same in some parts of Germany, but there's a huge difference between a different dialect or accent and literally speaking a completely different language. Please accept that definitions change over time, and it doesn't help if you're complaining about your definition being stuck in the past. The global narrative moves on regardless. I've started to use a stateless password management scheme for that purpose: https://github.com/majewsky/pwget And I'm sitting here in Germany with my €30/mo bill. :) Depends on the scope. If you can reduce obesity and obesity-induced diseases, that could affect the average budget of a low-income family very positively. Of course, I don't have numbers on how the two effects weigh against each other. > Everyone should be able to stay warm and dry, safe and clean, with a soft bed and a healthy diet. Anything beyond that is luxury. The definition of "luxury" changes over time. Today, you should include internet access in the list of basic needs since it is needed for many forms of social interaction. It isn't? At least in Germany, commerical mass mail is always sent out in envelopes. I guess that, in this particular case, the reason for the envelopes is to conceal the ads inside them until the recipient has taken the time to open the envelope. Also check out the other subcommands. For example, to find out why a certain service is taking long to start up, "systemd-analyze critical-chain $service" The "-t" switch in "cp" exists to support the use with xargs, e.g. find /some/directory/ -name *.txt | xargs cp -t all-the-textfiles/ The systemctl interface has the same useful property: systemctl --failed | awk '/.service/{print$1}' | xargs systemctl restart As can be checked easily with `systemctl cat`: $ systemctl cat systemd-random-seed # /usr/lib/systemd/system/systemd-random-seed.service [...] ExecStart=/usr/lib/systemd/systemd-random-seed load ExecStop=/usr/lib/systemd/systemd-random-seed save [...] Note how the executable is not even installed to /usr/bin, because it's explicitly not supposed to be called by a user. > there is no fundamental morality in the universe How about this: Morality may not be a fundamental property of the universe, but since we, created by the universe, shape and experience morality, it can be argued that morality is an emergent property of the universe. And in my opinion, some of the most beautiful things in this plane of existence are emergent properties of simple systems. > I sense that with your what you're trying to find a why. There is no why. A textbook case of the Münchhausen Trilemma. Yes, but if we go by number of followers on social media, then Germany is already ruled by nazis. (The far-right AfD has more fans on Facebook than all the other parties combined.) I have one like these, and it's amazing. They should have stopped designing new shit after these. :) mtab is not a problem anymore. On Arch, /etc/mtab is just a symlink to /proc/self/mounts. As for the recovery partition, you don't need the split for that, either. Just have a live system on the recovery partition that mounts the normal root FS. Then you can chroot into there for recovery tasks. > Yet some distributions, like for instance Debian or Ubuntu, do not even include them, precluding commercial software vendors from ever delivering software for those operating systems What? Why should it be impossible for a third-party package to just create /opt? They will probably need to extend the PATH and LD_LIBRARY_PATH, but /etc/profile.d is very much standardized AFAIK. > Not being able to mount a separate /usr would negate that option. You can mount the root to e.g. /mnt and symlink (or bind-mount) /mnt/usr to /usr, if that's what you need. > I think POSIX is overdue for an update. POSIX is being updated constantly. It is just not as noticeable because POSIX is, as you say, > an attempt to codify existing practice amongst Unix vendors, picking the best of the most widely supported features, as opposed to actually trying to come up with a good standard. > If you want proof, just look at the systemd fiasco. Red Hat's way or the highway. What kind of proof is this? systemd is the new standard across all major distros (except for stuff like Gentoo or Slackware, which is irrelevant in the targeted enterprise market anyway). And in the process, systemd steam-rolled over lots and lots of bizarre inconsistencies between distros. If that's Red Hat's version of EEE, I'm very happy with it. > So you teach grep to take an IDL file, invoke an IDL compiler and dynamically load the parser for the protocol in question. Also, if the broker were a standardized, perhaps in-kernel component (dbus, kdbus), you could attach "idlgrep" to any process to trace its calls. So you introduce a huge load of accidental complexity because the text interface has some perceived inefficiency? I'll choose simplicity and accessibility over this mess anytime. Exactly. This is one of the main reasons why I encourage admins and developers to try Vi(m): There will always be a vi or vim installed wherever you SSH to, and you will be able to work comfortably on the terminal. Yes, systemd is complex. But much of its complexity is justified. I rail against unnecessary complexity. It's probably a case of adding insult to injury. Looking at AirBnB specifically, their most vocal opponents seem to be cities who already have too few apartments left to rent. When a sizable portion of the remaining few apartments is then put on AirBnB rather then rented, rent prices go even higher than they already were. At least, this is what happened in Berlin (and AFAIR also some other large German cities), which is why Berlin is looking into banning AirBnB (by requiring special permits for vacation homes). Source e.g. http://www.spiegel.de/reise/aktuell/bussgelder-ab-mai-berlin... So, it may not be AirBnB's fault primarily. They're just making bad situations even worse. Allowing people to ignore laws that they perceive as bad does not work on the scale of a society. What if, tomorrow, I decide that the Penal Code is a "bad law" and start to kill people because I disregard this law? We live in a free society and therefore we have the freedom to disregard any law that we consider "bad". But we must also face the consequences of our actions. Not really. That should be put in ~/.gitignore, e.g. I ignore Vim swap files there so I don't have to do it in every single repo. I'm always amused by how people find the "quibble about GB vs. GiB". The difference between a GB and a GiB is 7.3%, and it gets worse for the ever more common larger prefixes (12.6% already for a pebibyte). Might be my background in physics, though. I question the method. They mostly measure search results, job offerings and tweets about the DB. And that could just as well mean a "MySQL is shit" tweet, an opening for a DBA that can migrate away from MySQL, and so on. I would love this editor with a heatmap instead of a hard cutoff at 1,000 words. So common words are green, less common ones turn yellow, and rare ones are orange to red. That would be really nice in highlighting parts of a text that are unnecessarily more complicated than the rest. Couldn't you just use the same account for all of them, with a shared password? I don't use CodeCommit, but I doubt that an average developer would be hitting the 2000-request boundary (that's 100 requests per day assuming a 5-day work week). Technical users like a CI might be more problematic. Of course they're coming from within the oligarchy. How is an "outsider" going to succeed, when you need massive campaign funding to even make an impression in the primaries? We might see a more diverse background in revolution leaders if people take it one step further and ignore the democratic process. Browser vendors will be hesitant to remove any special variant that might break existing websites. I had to turn it on: FF 45.x-esr on OS X (cannot specify ".x" because apparently the "About Firefox" dialog is broken). I saw a study some years ago that compared the interests of copyright holders of that of consumers, and concluded that 14 years after initial publication (non-renewable of course) is the optimal duration for copyright. That's the large problem here. If you wanted to get the content out, it would be more effective to obtain a HDCP master key, since that one is embedded in a lot of deployed physical devices and thus cannot be easily changed (AFAIK). A CDM in a webbrowser can be updated today and content distributors could stop using the old key tomorrow already. Actually they're rewriting the better part, see Servo. Honest question: How relevant is DRM in preventing piracy in non-interactive media? Consider a theoretical world in which DRM would reliably prevent unauthorized copying or decryption of DRM-secured content 100% of the time. The obvious attack vector for pirates would be to play the video and audio and just capture it with a camera directly in front of the monitor, and a microphone attached to every speaker. Are pirates doing this today, or is it just not worth it because DRM schemes are easily circumvented? I'm quite confident that copying of the physical signals should produce good results. There are consumer cameras capturing 4K video, and a video that's distorted by a non-orthogonal view on the screen can trivially be fixed in software. (It loses some fidelity, but you should still be able to get near-full-HD output out.) That wasn't my point. I'm not saying that all oligarchs are in line with current policy. In fact, quite the opposite: Trump is clearly an oligarch, and Sanders is at least upper class. The letsencryptclient does not need to run as root. I run it below its own user and group, and add that group to the http user to allow it to read the certificates and keys. Configuration at https://github.com/majewsky/system-configuration/blob/master... and https://github.com/majewsky/system-configuration/blob/master... Permissions are more granular on your setup, though, as far as I can see. Wow, that's really cool. I remember digging through the documentation for days to get everything set up on my systems (nginx on Arch Linux). Now this thing gives me the same information in just two clicks, which is a massive improvement. Another relevant difference is that precision is not nearly as critical in games as in most numerical applications. Errors of a few percent will likely go unnoticed. Graphics implementations therefore usually only use single precision. > The way this graph [of surviving population size over age] has been constructed, a straight line going diagonally downward is neutral, or no aging at all. Um, no. They introduced age as probability of dying within that context. Therefore a constant age would produce a population size that shrinks exponentially, but never reaches the zero line, just like with radioactive isotopes' constant decay rate. If it is, then the text does not mention it. And I'd doubt it, given that various lines flat out at the same height which therefore looks like zero. Hue? I'm in Germany, and SEPA transfers usually show up in the recipient's account on the next business day. Isn't it just "ffmpeg -o output.mp4 input.whatever" (AFAIR)? > no manipulation Because the ad is definitely a neutral source of information. Eventually we will have a bunch of bots commending each other on their autogenerated graduation photos, and we can go outside and have actual human interactions again. I think Germany has some legislation (or a court decision) that requires that customers be able to void their contracts over the same communication channel where the contract was initially created. Exactly. I have wondered for a while why I find predictive AI services frightening and even disgusting. I realized that it is through apparent unpredictability of my actions that I perceive my own free will (or at least the illusion of it, depending on one's philosophy). If a computer can acurately predict my actions, it feels like my free will is taken away from me. And free will is one of the few things that truly sets us apart from mere automatons. (At least IMHO.) For many kinds of services it can work in parallel. For example, there are ad-supported mail providers like Google, while I consciously chose a subscription-based mail provider (posteo.de) whom I trust to act in my best interest. The only thing where this would not work so well is social networks, due to the network effect. There are a lot of people out there protecting digital rights and privacy right now. "Protecting" something is an entirely different thing as it being "protected" already. Are cellphone signal jammers available for purchase by common people? > Today I manage a 400,000-line system in C++. On your own? If yes, then that's pretty impressive. My previous team maintained 350,000-line Perl application with at least 5-6 programmers. If you're handling that C++ system alone, I'd assume it's pretty self-contained, since the complexity in large systems regularly comes from all the other systems that you interface with (at least for the aforementioned Perl app). No. When you get passed a "Foo", you know for a fact that it's non-null. When you get passed a "Maybe Foo", you know for a fact that there are intentional cases where this thing will be null. In Java, you just have one type for both purposes, so you end up checking non-nullness every time (or just blindly rely on non-nullness having been checked elsewhere before). A thousand times this. When I was assigned to an existing Ruby on Rails project of about 30 kLOC, I needed around a month to get productive because it was nearly impossible to follow calls around the system because of auto-generated, not properly typed methods all over the place. Cheap shirts can be had for under 5 € in Germany, with minimum wage at 8.50 €. (The fine print: These cheap shirts likely contain more chemicals than cotton.) Even if we cannot automate everything, we are going to be in big trouble (on a social level) if the work left to humans only occupies anything less than about 50% of adult people. The relevant thing will be the ratio of decay rate of jobs that are automated away vs. creation rate of new jobs, but that's hard to estimate because technological advances are hard to estimate. You should try Qt. It's always fun to write some open-source software, and find that someone ported it to Windows or Mac in a few minutes. You could easily build a unit test that compares the set of exposed properties of your model class with the columns of the table in your test DB. My experience is that programmers migrating to Rails are thoroughly confused by these conventions like "UserProfile -> user_profiles". Although it's only the second-biggest source of confusion after ActiveSupport, e.g. "10.hours.ago" even though the integer class does not have an hours method according to the Ruby documentation. I don't mean the fabric. I mean all the chemicals applied to it. I have a Vietnamese-owned minimart down the street and whenever I walk past it during opening hours, it smells like a chemicals factory. Unfollow wasn't an option? How do you deal with updates? Do you just sell them a newer version, like with MS Office major upgrades in the past? Can you elaborate? (Dev here with not very much ops experience.) remembers the times when computers were supposed to make things easier for us Looks like I should have put "/s" after that initial hyperbolic statement. Yes, it is. One of the fundamental principles of practical RDBMS is durability (the D in https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/ACID ), meaning that when the DB acknowledges a commit to the client, it must be guaranteed that the transaction has been reflected in permanent storage (i.e., on disk). The fine print: Due to the architecture of file system access in contemporary kernels (esp. file system caches), it's next to impossible for a user-space application to actually guarantee that writes are durable (i.e. synced to disk at a defined point in time), but most RDBMS manage well enough in practice. I'd vote for realistic. My password manager has nearly 100 accounts already, and I'm not even the kind of person who signs up for every random webshop or raffle. What is the remaining 25%? 125 mail accounts? :) For me, too. I'm on Firefox for Mac in Germany, and it gives me openstreetmap.de and openstreetmap.org as the first two results, then the OSM wiki. Plus the more obnoxious ads get, the more people [1] will go to adblockers. [1] Or businesses, e.g. Opera has an integrated adblocker now, and Firefox blocks tracking while in privacy mode (and they plan to expand this to the normal mode, IIRC). At least at home, I do DNS-level adblocking, which should be good enough for all devices that use the DNS resolver advertised by DHCP. (Source code is at https://github.com/majewsky/system-configuration/blob/master... if you want to copy this.) > Apps like MailTime even promise to save us from our emails by turning them into chats. I've been wondering why this wasn't done sooner. > I just don't believe you can force a language on people. Forcing English on large parts of the world seems to have worked very well. ;) > Some people should learn to drive a commercial truck. Many current jobs may be subject to being automated away. I would certainly not recommend any future worker to set themselves up for a career in truck driving, because this job is likely gone in, let's say, 20 years. The "everyone should learn to code" crowd maybe recognizes that programming is one of the skills that is very hard to automate, so every new coder of today might still get through a whole career of coding. I use music in order to support my development task: The playlist sets the mood like a good movie score, so the choice of music can depend on how focused and fast-paced my task is. In functional programming languages, the type of "two" would indicate whether it has side effects. If not, then "two() == 2" is conclusive proof. Of course it's a compiler. A compiler verifies that its input conforms to the syntax and semantics of its own language, and generates machine code (or some other language) equivalent to the input. The only difference is that Rust's semantics is waaayyy more strict than C's. Why do you assume that modules in a statically-typed language are necessarily more complex? (Except for the type annotations, of course.) Not every statically-typed language is Java. ;) Assertions are usually only run in development or test mode. So if you run an integration test, the unit tests happen inline through the assertions. To the down-voters: Can you suggest a good one? (Honest question, I would really appreciate a nice STT solution for voice control and transcribing.) Not every CRUD app uses a local database. For example, I'm working on a web frontend for a collection of microservices right now. The web app is just CRUD for the largest part, but the model is a custom implementation that translates .find_by, .save etc. into REST calls. Took us quite some effort to make this look like ActiveRecord enough to play nice with the rest of Rails. > However, the results were unsuccessful, and the implementations did not scale well. Can you define "unsuccessful" and "did not scale well"? From what you've said, I cannot see any relation to the "humans-are-fundamentally-different side of the argument". You just make it sound like a failed experiment, without saying why it failed. Apparently I'm in a good position with a double major in physics and CS. The most well-known rebuttal is that Einstein's mother created someone more intelligent than her. There was no intelligence when the universe began (at least as far as we know), then intelligence was created as an emergent property of biological systems. I'd guess the same. The new company is a GmbH (German version of a "Ltd." AFAIK), not a stock corporation. See also https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Gesellschaft_mit_beschränkter_... > the other things you might end up automating because you don't have time (dinner delivery, laundry drop off, house cleaning). That's not automating, that's outsourcing. I guess we Germans take pride in our engineering. I don't know about the code, but I could very easily imagine it being stricter than in th U.S. For example, anecdotally, a major reason for Germans to oppose TTIP is that we're concerned about our standards in consumer and health protection and build quality. U.S. standards are perceived to be much lower (although the reality is of course not always like that). When I was an undergraduate TA in Computational Physics, we had a deadline of Monday 8am, which arised from a technicality: At Monday 8am, a cron job would download the submissions from the designated mailbox, and print them, so that we could pick them up for grading when we came into the office that morning. You're absolutely right though. It would be more sensible to have the cronjob run at Sunday 8pm instead, given that nobody is in the office until Monday morning anyway. By the same logic, you should regret the time spent eating, but the food ingestion provides you with the fuel to actually get these brain cells to work. Sleep is similarly important: During sleep, mandatory maintenance is performed on the brain cells (both on the biochemical and on the informational level), as far as science knows (or conjectures). Fun fact: Germany is very reliant on cash, because Germans have been traumatized by hyperinflation and depression etc., and their cash money is a symbol of stability. I'm German and I don't even have a credit card, which is only occasionally a problem when 1. trying to book a hotel or 2. when buying stuff in US online shops. Number 2 is solved by Paypal, however. > It's all the same. Facebook, Twitter, Instagram, Snapchat. People want a free way to broadcast to their friends. That's only one use-case. I don't use Twitter at all to broadcast to my friends. I broadcast political opinion and tech humor to whomever it may concern, and receive condensed insights from public figures whom I find relevant for me. In Germany, especially since Snowden, there is a healthy niche for paid mail providers, such as posteo.de or mailbox.org. I pay 1€ per month for my mailbox because it allows me to be certain that I'm the customer, not the product. Exactly. The "Fear Of Missing Something Important" explained in https://medium.com/swlh/how-technology-hijacks-peoples-minds... Because the camera limits you to visual content. You cannot do https://twitter.com/MicroSFF or https://twitter.com/sadserver with images. XMPP died? There must be a bug in my Pidgin then, it claims to still be connected to my XMPP server. /s Let's not golang there. > Nothing slower than having to wait for something to be faulted in. There is something slower. When your executables are so large that you have to hit the swap drive on process swaps. No, it makes a trade-off. Especially on the stable channel of Debian/RHEL/SLES, an update will most of the time fix more bugs than it introduces. > benchmarks or code are nowhere to be seen > The author [...] links to code that other people have written Re battery eject: How can you be sure that the removable battery is the only one? On a related stance, Rob Gonggrijp and Frank Rieger of the Chaos Computer Club suggested a certification for "Guaranteed Cloud-less Objects", given the recent surge of IoT devices that spy on you, or lock you out unexpectedly because of server maintenance. Source: Video at https://media.ccc.de/v/32c3-7501-ten_years_after_we_lost_the... Didn't they add this to Marshmallow? So that if the app wants to access the camera roll, but you don't allow it, it just gets an empty list of images. (I might confuse this with iOS, though. Does someone have a source?) > "If you are from the EU and thinking to move" http://jlcollinsnh.com/2012/02/23/rent-v-owning-your-home-op... There might be a bias in that metric: Mozilla employees are probably more likely to afford the trip to FOSDEM. In Germany, new employees typically have a trial period where they can be fired on short notice. Usually 3-6 months, depending on the wording of the contract. Dismissal protection only kicks in after the trial period. But it's still easily derivable. If someone buys the LinkedIn dataset and finds that your password is "123456linkedin", the next thing he will try is "123456facebook", "123456googlemail" and "123456bankofamerica". It might help against highly automated attacks that don't look at the actual password string, but anything involving a human hacker will be as bad as the same password reused. It's not about being competent enough to implement it properly. Microsoft's BitLocker is surely implemented just as competently. But because of their ubiquity, these are the most likely to have government-mandated backdoors in them that Apple/Microsoft employees are not allowed to tell you about because of gag orders. This is actually being discussed by some politicians, and some are past the discussing step AFAIR. The left opposition in Germany has actually recently run a bill in Parliament to establish a "Willy Brandt peace corps" next to our army. The line of thinking is that the army is well-regarded because of their development aid during foreign missions, and especially because of their help during domestic natural desasters. If that reputation went towards a peace corps instead, we would have an easier time arguing for less military spending. They say that they want to move to multiple content processes, so I guess that their end goal is still one content process per tab. Also, another reason for e10s is to decouple the rendering engine from the UI parts, in order to a) get rid of XUL and b) offer a path for replacing Gecko with Servo once Servo's ready for primetime. Still only available in the US. I'm eagerly waiting to get my hands on some Soylent over here in Germany. When I read the title, I was imagining something more theoretical, e.g. a URL encoding of lambda calculus terms. I've only done a bit of Haskell, but when I build a Haskell program, I usually debug a function with GHC's builtin REPL (ghci), by checking expressions inside the function until I find the place where their evaluation does not match my expectation. It's similar to printf debugging, but less tedious and more informative because e.g. you can get type information about subexpressions immediately. I can't say anything on debugging large-ish programs, though. Regarding profiling, GHC's runtime system includes a profiler that looks fairly competent from what I've seen. (For example, you can mark expressions that you want profiled, or you can just go with profiling per function.) I disagree. With practice, you can write very clean Perl code that's easy to follow along because all the modules play along nicely. Ruby OTOH has a culture of gems doing all kinds of mysterious black magic that make it difficult for a maintainer to figure out the data flow. Source: Maintained a 300 kLOC Perl application for 3 years, now working with legacy and new Rails applications. By the way, hashing IDs would be a perfect example of security by obscurity if the hash was not salted. You just have to notice that you were given sha256("1234") instead of "1234". It also depends on the semantic value of A, B1, B2 and C. If you cannot express them as senseful steps of your overall algorithm, then you are bound to end up with very confusing method names like calculateFooAndCreateBarAndAlsoInitializeBaz, or (even worse) prepareForFoo. EDIT: By the way, an anecdote. Years ago, I was working with an offshore developer who was producing huge scripts without any modularization whatsoever. In particular, we told him that a certain 2000-line script needed to be modularized, so he should break out steps into functions etc. He produced a new version containing two functions of 1000 lines each. The first function would prepare everything, then tail-call the second function with 27 arguments, most of them large intermediate data structures. True functional-style pattern matching is only slowly coming into imperative languages right now, most prominently in Rust. Did you try http://hn.algolia.com ? @letsplaysnake ... They missed the opportunity to call it "Twit Plays Snake". To add insult to injury, these men were already selected as suspicious by the immigration officers. The psychological effect is quite easily imagined, regardless of the usefulness of their definition of "suspicious". Exactly. There is no cleanliness requirement, but if someone gets injured because of snow and ice on your part of the way, you are liable. I guess that he's talking about a particular type of Sanders follower who suffers from cognitive dissonance because many people choose Hillary over Bernie, and thusly reverts into misogyny. For me, the DB Navigator. The app of the German railway that has timetables and connections for all sorts of public transit in the country. Also the music player. PCFGs are about the first thing that I learned about in my Stastical Machine Translation course. It's like a regular context-free grammar (see Wikipedia if you're not familiar with these), but each production is assigned a probability, such that all productions from the same non-terminal sum up to probability 1. Then you can assign a probability to a parse tree by multiplying the probabilities of all productions that were used (the model assumes that all productions are mutually statistically independent). After a proper training run, you have your ambiguous grammar which, given an input sentence, will produce a set of parse trees, and assign a probability to each of them. You will typically choose the most probable one. The Wikipedia article on PCFG is surprisingly biased on RNA/protein analysis and does not go into much detail on how to train these PCFGs. But it's basically just an EM algorithm using inside-outside weights. See for example https://link.springer.com/chapter/10.1007/978-3-540-78291-9_... They "may be"? As far as I heard, Google is pretty clear about using spoken language input for their voice recognition API for precisely this purpose. Technical practicality is probably less of a concern. If you build your business on the availability of cheap (or free) APIs, and then these APIs cease to exist and you are left with very expensive alternatives (or worse, no alternatives at all), your business plan may break down pretty quickly. That's why I added the last half-sentence. And where I live (Germany), ISPs are monopolized enough that they are literally selling 4G plans with 3 GB per month at €40 per month. I'm on 1 GB (3G speed) for €10, about the cheapest plan that I could find. EDIT: And to add insult to injury, German Telekom is still connecting new buildings with 6 megabit connections or less in some places. (And I mean downtown. Some rural regions can be lucky to get 1 megabit.) I got a Macbook Pro as work machine in late 2014, having used a Thinkpad before. 1. Mac OS is just too unfamiliar. It starts with the keyboard layout, which I reverted to Windows-style after I went crazy trying to find the square brackets. (Which, probably for aesthetics, they didn't bother to print ont he keyboard.) 2. Mac OS's poor multi-monitor support regularly drives me crazy. To their credit, they have ironed out a lot of the bugs in Mavericks, but there is still plenty of stupid behavior (e.g. screen 1 sliding back to the desktop from a fullscreen app when a new window opens on screen 2, or a messagebox from an app on screen 3 opening on screen 1, completely out of my sight). Windows is somehow much better in this regard (at least, I was not annoyed by it that often), and even Linux has very solid multi-monitor support these days (at least for me, YMMV). 3. The userland is UNIX, but does not match my expectations well enough. It's basically in the creepy valley. For example, I was using units(1) one day and wondering why it gave a syntax error when I tried to use a power operator (like "2^64"). Then I noticed that I was in the Mac terminal, not in my Linux VM (where I usually work), and upon inspecting the manpage, I found that they hadn't updated their units(1) since 1991 (wtf). 4. The company where I work is mostly a Windows shop, so corporate IT is based on Microsoft products (AD, Exchange, Lync aka Skype for Business) all the way through. While there are Office for Mac, Outlook for Mac, and Lync for Mac, these are still no match to their Windows counterparts in terms of polish and OS-level integration. All in all, I'm already set on going back to a Windows notebook when it is time to get a new machine. (It's not like my Linux VM cares which host OS it runs on, anyway.) I can feel you. (Even though I am already on Linux.) It's always weird to be sitting there at 26, wondering about how "kids these days" use the internet. KDE Connect is one of the most noteworthy developments in FOSS in the last few years, precisely because it's simple and elegant and "just works", like an Apple product, while at the same time carrying all the core values of FOSS. But an updated cp(1) that has all the same options as the GNU one has a much lower return-on-investment as 3x emojis (which I chose for this example since it could be around the same amount of work). /boot on FAT32 is mostly an artifact of UEFI these days. When I set up BIOS-based systems, I usually had /boot on ext2. No it doesn't. How would it work on Linux if it did? Why would you need encryption for the Secure Boot chain? Would you not rather sign the base system image for that purpose? It depends on the country. In Germany Firefox is actually the most popular browser according to usage statistics (even ahead of Chrome). Source: http://de.statista.com/statistik/daten/studie/13007/umfrage/... (German statistics office. Paywalled sadly, but you can see the first paragraph that describes Firefox market share at 52%.) As if these were orthogonal. My employer encourages me to contribute to open-source precisely because the open-source tools are the best for the job and thus allow us to make more money. It's heavily related to culture and your influences growing up. For example: I'm from East Germany. I grew up in a free country (after the reunion). I have a well-paying job and never had trouble getting access to all the household items etc. that I need. So over time, I have emphasized the role of property as a liability (although I'm not as radical in downsizing my inventory just yet). When I can always buy stuff that I need (or borrow it from someone), why own it now? My parents were socialized in the GDR, where every single item in your household inventory was acquired through hard work, saving, and good connections to the people who can acquire certain luxury items live TV sets or silverware for them. It's very plausible that they take pride in an extensive inventory. My grandmother grew up during World War II. Having had to flee from the destroyed remains of Berlin, and having lived in a time of cruel scarcity, it's no wonder that she, too, attaches a higher value to ownership than I do, and always keeps a fridge full of deep-frozen food whereas I always buy Just In Time. This may be true, but average people often struggle to understand the "more value" that a certain job creates, especially in science and IT. The definition of "more value" is also contested. For example, I would argue that most bureaucracy is creating negative value, even though the people working in these bureaucracies may be very respectable individually. Americans are more and more averse to going to war, which is why the USA is sending drones instead of people now. The situation is similar in Europe. Not so much in the other parts of the world, though. A reasonable explanation could be proximity: When the war takes place in their own country, people are more likely to pick up guns instead of waiting for drones to be sent. > maintenance This is the most interesting part. > security Not an expert, but it would be interesting to see if theft is a bigger problem with autonomous cars, or if it's hacker attacks. > interaction on site of the customer There you can still cut down the workforce, and have one person handle a whole fleet of incoming trucks. And in some cases, you just can't properly save. If I'm living off UBI in order to do volunteer work in my local community, how am I going to save enough to cover a sudden 100,000 $ cancer treatment bill? I always say that we're lucky as developers since our job is likely one of the last to be automated away. > selling each other more and more convoluted insurance policies and financial instruments Exactly. When left with no other option, a plausible response of the system would be an unprecedented explosion in bureaucracy. > You then have one leader truck driven by a human, with a line of self-driving trucks follower trucks. We have had these for over a century. They're called trains. :) > Part of me wonders about what their accuracy rate was with that kind of system. We bought all our groceries at Aldi Nord in Germany when I was young, and I never recount a cashier typing a wrong code, despite the ridiculous speed. Germany never had baggers. In fact, to me as a German, the job of a bagger appears about as nonsensical as that of a telephone sanitizer. I've seen these at Lidl in Germany, too. It's really great; when a new checkout opens, I see the green light coming up and can immediately take first place in that queue. One trick that I find helpful: When in the queue, leave some space to the person before you, to make the queue appear longer and thus incentivize the cashier to open the next checkout. > Anyway in Germany there is not much of a choice whether to enter Lidl or Aldi as they are everywhere and there seems to be little else. There is a lot else. Germany's supermarket market (heh) is divided between five corporations for the largest part: Aldi, Schwarz (Lidl/Kaufland), Edeka (Netto/Edeka/Marktkauf/Tengelmann), Metro (Real), Rewe (Penny/Rewe/Nahkauf). I would like to have more competition on the market, but it's far from just Aldi and Lidl. Most corporations have at least one discounter brand (Aldi, Lidl, Netto, Penny) and one regular supermarket brand (Kaufland, Edeka, Real, Rewe etc.). > the whole shop stinks of stale beer from the bottle return Which is probably why Lidl moved the bottle return to a separate entry which is not connected to the aisles. Yes, it stinks of stale beer in there sometimes, but you only have to be in there for a few seconds to return your bottles. Did they? I remember shopping at Walmart around 2000, but I don't recall seeing baggers there. Iff the insurance is affordable on UBI. I'm just learning Haskell through a university course. It's quite traditional in the author's nomenclature, with extensive discussion of laziness, currying and point-free notation. But it introduces monads very similarly to how he did it: starting with Arrays, drawing parallels to Maybes, then introducing Control.Monad.State through an assignment before moving on to IO. This has helped me a lot in grasping the concept behind monads. There, I undid your downvote with my upvote. I notice the same with a maximized Firefox on 4K, but it became much snappier after I deactivated smooth scrolling in about:config. For fullscreen videos in Firefox, it helps to suspend compositing (Alt+Shift+F12 in KWin). I saw an article a year back or so about an administrative office in Germany that was dismantled. But because they couldn't fire the officers, they put them in a building with nothing to do until everyone quit voluntarily. The toughest made it about over a year. (Can't find the original article, sadly.) Yes, it's like that in Germany. The probation period is typically 3-6 months (although you can be hired without one). After that, the company may only fire you because of financial problems (and that is basically prohibited in larger companies by the worker's council), or if you misbehave (show up late for work repeatedly, steal intellectual property, etc.). 1. Because they are open about them. 2. Because people care about having a job and earning money. 3. Because they literally make up about a third of the article. Does Valgrind work with Rust binaries? If yes, then this would make everything much easier. You just compile in debug mode and say `valgrind --leak-check=full`, and it will give you stacktraces to the allocations that were not freed. On Firefox, Flashblock does the same IIRC. > But do we really believe 1/38th of a person is judiciously considering how to overrule upstream's decisions, attentively investigating user bug reports, and so on? It looks much worse than it is, because most packages are really boring from a maintainer perspective. For example, KDE releases a hundred or so applications. Some of them are probably very interesting to package, but for most packages, `cmake && make && make install` is just fine (maybe plus a certain KDE integration macro that your packaging tool already carries). A regular desktop user does not want bleeding-edge software; he will do just fine with last year's VLC. (A notable exception being the web browser.) The priority for a regular desktop user is a nicely integrated system, and that is something that ISVs cannot deliver because they don't know what to integrate with. Then at least 'gpg --encrypt ~/password.txt'. Favorite quotes: > I pray daily that more of my fellow-programmers may find the means of freeing themselves from the curse of compatibility. > Society is getting dissatisfied with the performance of programmers and of their products. > [Program] testing can be a very effective way to show the presence of bugs, but is hopelessly inadequate for showing their absence. > The purpose of abstracting is not to be vague, but to create a new semantic level in which one can be absolutely precise. > The competent programmer is fully aware of the strictly limited size of his own skull; therefore he approaches the programming task in full humility, and among other things he avoids clever tricks like the plague. It's fascinating to see what he expected to be the biggest problems in programming. His discussion of more efficient programming techniques focuses on theorem provers, automated checking of loop invariants and the like, whereas today, the biggest problems typically occur during integration of software components with each other. But maybe he actually did foresee that: > I now suggest that we confine ourselves to the design and implementation of intellectually manageable programs. Regarding provably correct programs: I'm torn here. On the one hand, if we required all programs to carry proofs of their correctness, that would exclude a huge number of current programmers who lack the formal education etc. to carry out these proofs. On the other hand, if all programs that we need would have proofs of their correctness (and thus carry a bunch of helpful invariants and formal specifications), it might be easier to combine all these programs, hence obliterating the need for most programming tasks that are just concerned with integrating multiple programs with each other. I'll close with the most insightful paragraph from this whole piece: > There may also be political impediments. Even if we know how to educate tomorrow’s professional programmer, it is not certain that the society we are living in will allow us to do so. The first effect of teaching a methodology —rather than disseminating knowledge— is that of enhancing the capacities of the already capable, thus magnifying the difference in intelligence. In a society in which the educational system is used as an instrument for the establishment of a homogenized culture, in which the cream is prevented from rising to the top, the education of competent programmers could be politically impalatable. This is fascinating because right now, a lot of people lament that our students are only being stuffed with facts, but not equipped with the methodological knowledge required for their professions. There are scenarios in which there is a difference: If some emergency happened and the hall were evacuated, everyone would be away from their phones, and they might be destroyed by whatever happens to the hall (flood, fire, etc.). Also, a locker system introduces the possibility of disorganization: I would imagine that there will be an error where somebody else gets handed my phone instead of me. Or a malicious worker at the locker could steal it. The same reasons why I would never leave my phone in the pocket when I hand my jacket in at the cloakroom. That same thought came to me when I read the article, but from a different angle: I have a work phone and a private phone, so I could just give up the work phone and see if that's enough for them. "Put your cybernetic implants in this pouch. Resistance is futile." Its lock. Wait... on-call time is not paid in the US? > I still frequently take off for the weekend without my phone, just because. Same here, but this has a different quality. When you go offline for a weekend, it's your own choice. Putting your phone into a Yondr pouch is someone else's choice. Within the "smartphone is part of my body" metaphor, it's similar to voluntarily going on a diet vs. being forced into one by someone else. Not really. If people were rich enough, it wouldn't be a problem for that. The problem is with people who have some liquidity, but spend it on the Diderot effect and thus become poor. Congratulations on being so rational. Most people aren't (myself not excluded, although I'm working on it). > dependencies on coreutils Or just install that Ubuntu on Windows thingy and be done with it. Supplying even a trivial Makefile is advantageous if your target audience knows it. They'll see a Makefile and just do `make && make check && make install` without needing to browse your README. For example, Debian's packaging process is heavily optimized towards Makefiles that supply the standard targets, and you can reduce a lot of friction for packagers if you supply a wellbehaving Makefile with your program. (Even if developers would usually `go build` or whatever instead of `make`.) > Tracking intra-file dependencies for proper recompilation is really difficult to for Scala code without reimplementing a huge chunk of a Scala compiler. tup ( http://gittup.org/tup ) has a really nice way of handling interdependencies. They set up some filesystem magic to figure out which files were read while compiling a certain target, and record these files as dependencies for the target. Another instance of a hard problem ("reimplementing [...] a Scala compiler") that turns into a very easy problem once you look at it from the right angle. The only practical problem with tup is that it's not make, which creates friction for packagers. And since I'm doing some packaging work myself, I'm heavily optimizing for packager happiness. So SteamVR = PC and Oculus = Console? If so, I need to go and join the glorious SteamVR master race. ;) > The human brain is amazing at coping with vision defects. Indeed. I am a bit short-sighted (literally, not metaphorically), but I usually spend the day without my glasses. Only in lectures, I will put them on, and immediately wonder how I could cope with the blurry mess that I saw before. But it just doesn't matter when you're focusing on different things. This looks very similar to how I test my configuration management tool Holo: I just run the compiled binary in a chroot and compare its output and the resulting filesystem tree to the recorded expectation. [1] So no unit tests at all. I think that unit tests work very well for pure functions, but their utility decreases the more side effects your code has. Also, unit tests usually just add confusion when the unit tested is really an internal implementation detail, rather than refering to some object in the application's or library's external domain model. [1] https://github.com/holocm/holo/tree/master/test for the core parts My domain model deliberately does not have a graph. It depends on the quality of your grid. For example, here in Germany, the grid quality is higher than the average US grid. I don't recall any power outage that lasted more than a few minutes. > criticisms that are actually valid Such as? I have developed Qt applications for many years and never noticed downsides of the moc approach. Don't worry, TTIP will bring all of that to us in Europe, too. Yes, but there are many reasons to be vegetarian. I can easily imagine a lot of people that would like to skip meat for ethical reasons (including me, to a certain extent), but do not want to give up the flavor palette that meat offers. Yes, but AFAIK being able to afford meat products (or whole animals for food) is more prestigious esp. in China than in the Western world. This is really important, although only to a very small set of users. I know someone who has to work with a braille display, and he's stuck on Windows XP since that's the only platform which has a screen reader that fulfils all of his requirements. > The dollar amounts are too low to hire a full-time dev. It depends. In Germany, I could easily live off a net salary of 800 € or something (where 1 € = 1 $ approximately), so the gross salary would be below 1500 €. Therefore a 20000 € award could keep me covered for at least a year. Other countries are cheaper, still. Executive summary: Don't spend the money on Bay Area devs. ;) > This would have been an incredibly glaring oversight, like forgetting to put doors on an elevator You mean a paternoster? :) There is always a new biggest integration opponent. I don't know who it would be right now, but I could easily imagine France if Marine Le Pen becomes their next president. > Accepting lots of troublesome unskilled illegal immigrants hurt the German economy It's the other way around: https://www.theguardian.com/business/2016/may/09/germany-imf... Have a look at ConfigMaps and Secrets in Kubernetes. We use these to run the same container images in staging and production, without additional config mgmt. Yes, this was what I'm getting at. I was thinking: "How much would I need if I wanted to work on my own projects?" > Lots of the illegals cannot even read and write. Except they can. Many Syrian refugees are proficient in English, and many even speak German. There was strong collaboration between German and Syrian universities historically. (I'm not saying that everyone can read and write, but then again, Western societies have a surprising number of total and functional analphabets.) And re the automation argument: Automation only takes away medium-skilled jobs. Jobs are for unskilled people because they don't require training, and that's also why they are a poor fit for robots. (Robots don't like irregular situations and need programming for new tasks, whereas you can easily explain a new task to a human worker in a few sentences.) I always laugh at how people equate more people in a country with growing unemployment rates. If this really worried you, you would move to outlaw procreation, since procreation produces new workers to compete with you about 18 years from now. > their feature of "write out the config files out of whatever I already have in that AWS account" Whenever I tell people about my own config mgmt solution ( http://holocm.org ), this is the immediately most-requested feature. They say "I would like to start using configuration management for my system, but I don't want to reinstall my system." So there needs to be some way to serialize all the changes one has made to the system since its installation. All arithmetic with +/- ∞ is shaky. But even then, your solution is wrong because it's defined on negative numbers. Exactly. Same here in Germany. The xenophobic Pegida movement is strongest in Saxony, Saxony-Anhalt and Thuringia, which incidentally are also the counties with the lowest fractions of immigrants among the population. Source: https://www.destatis.de/DE/ZahlenFakten/GesellschaftStaat/Be... Explain. I can see an easy causality chain from single motherhood to low income to less education to poverty, but not in the opposite direction. In Germany, asparagus season is just over, lasting from April to June. Interestingly, asparagus is one of the few vegetables which Germans fully accept as being available only seasonally. And conversely, they go totally crazy during asparagus season for no apparent reason. About the only other seasonal vegetable is kale, which Northern Germans will once a year cook to death and serve with disgustingly fat sausages whose name derives from an old word for "penis". You can't make this up. :) In fact, a couple of bacteria are usually good for you. It keeps your immune system occupied. Over-cleanliness fuels development of allergies, as I can attest for myself, having to cope with all sorts of food, pollen, dust and animal allergies. > I don't use SO as a source of learning anymore other than when API documentation isn't available or sufficient. The latter point is really important. I use API documentation whenever it is actually reasonably complete and up-to-date. But with many abysmal documentations ( cough Rails cough ) I just go straight for SO because the thing I'm looking for is probably not even documented. Or if not, I won't find it in there because search is only by class/method name, not by task. Any social engineers reading this? :) > If this by it self is a reason not to use a service, very few sites can be used. Exactly. Re grammatical correctness, I think the "-s" on "useds" needs to be dropped. Compare to "the deceased" (rather than "the deceaseds"). > Cell phones didn't introduce a whole new human activity. Text messaging. > it's the browsers (and their users) that should benefit from a default stylesheet that looks better than the current not-so-nice defaults. I'm sure browser vendors agree, but it would break too many sites. It's the old backwards-compatibility game. http://meta.stackoverflow.com/questions/303865/warlords-of-d... Ah, you're right. I forgot about fruits. I disagree. Outdated and thus soon malware-ridden systems are a threat to all systems connected directly or indirectly to them, so users are obliged either to keep their systems clean and up-to-date. Either themselves or through experts, or through automated servicing. Much like how cars must be serviced in regular intervals if they are to be operated on shared infrastructure (roads). Unless you're writing LaTeX frequently. :) I really like the advice from "Perl Best Practices" to code in paragraphs. Sometimes, a large function cannot be broken up usefully, because a lot of state needs to be shared between the different parts, or because the parts don't have a meaning outside of the very specific algorithm. In that case, code in paragraphs: Split the function body into multiple steps, put a blank line between these and, most importantly, add a comment at the start of the paragraph that summarizes its purpose. Now when someone else finds your function, they can just gloss over the paragraph headings to get an idea of the function's overall structure, then drill down into the parts that are relevant for them. https://xkcd.com/927/ On Linux, I do the following: while inotifywait *.tex; do sleep 0.2 && pdflatex main.tex && killall -HUP mupdf; done This will, when a .tex file is written, wait a moment until all disk IO is done, then run pdflatex and trigger a reload in my PDF viewer (some also do that automatically when the .pdf file is changed). The only annoyance is that big .tex files (esp. Beamer presentations) may take long to compile, which interrupts the flow. But in that case, it helps to distribute the sources into multiple files and to comment out the source files that are not needed at the moment. For hexdump, I could never remember which switch gives me the format that I want to see. I'm now using xxd, which comes with vim and has nice defaults. Then you're using the wrong plugins. I have about 12 here and can't recall any stability problems. Shouldn't be too hard to translate that syntax into SQL. I actually did something similar in my last team, a simple query language to expose to admins etc. as an API. For example: VirtualMachines.with(os == "linux" and alerts > 0) Also /bin/false. Its manpage describes too many of my weekends: false - do nothing, unsuccessfully I'm going to agree, but sometimes it's a tough question what action is more environmentally conscious. While you could cache some value on a server to reduce the energy consumption of compute, requests to the server for the cached data will drive up the energy consumption of the network. This looks similar to mpd, which I like more since it exposes a network API. With the right app, I can control music playback from my phone if my PC is off (with mpd running on the homeserver). How's this different from OS X's built-in screenshot tool (Cmd-Shift-3/4)? > if I lean in closer to a space will it get closer Anything else would be stupid. Interesting proposition. If the image quality is good enough, then even a good VR headset might actually be less expensive than an array of physical screens. Obvious disadvantages: having to wear a VR headset all day, and you cannot collaborate with others over your screen contents anymore (unless they strap on and plug in a second headset maybe). Another thing: This would be really cool for desktop sharing. > Situations like this are exactly where nested functions can be helpful. Indeed. When I'm writing Haskell, I'm using a lot of nested functions in `where` blocks, sometimes cascaded down. I also use naked scope blocks sometimes. To me, their main purpose is to make temporary variables go out of scope, to clarify which variables are still intentionally live beyond the block. Yes, but these 400 kB won't contain any personal data. > just answering the same questions over, and over, and over. Have you considered creating an FAQ? > Something like 70% of every issue/email I've ever received could easily be auto replied with "please provide version, platform, code to reproduce, etc.." Github has issue templates now. This could fix at least some of these incomplete submissions.