You're not dealing with big corporates or government. If you are, you're not doing so in a way that the budget weenies notice you. Big orgs are consolidating, and part of that consolidation is cutting off the ability of "rogue" business units to contract with any vendor who isn't on a select list. (And the vendors on the select list are under orders to rat out rogue initiatives to corporate HQ) Survival for small business folks stuck in this world is becoming a "partner" for IBM, Cisco/EMC/VMWare, Microsoft, HP, Deloitte, etc. A healthy skepticism of placing recording microphones on street corners all over a community is a natural reaction to an egregious abuse of civil liberties. It probably doesn't mean much to you, because you're probably white, and probably live in a "good" neighborhood. So this won't affect you. The slippery slope is already iced -- the systems are already being used to record conversations. But I guess that's ok, since it's just affecting those people on the wrong side of the tracks. One of the primary business activities of street gangs are selling drugs smuggled in from Latin America. Do you really think that it's a stretch for them to import illegal gun accessories? US Attorneys (Federal prosecutors) are appointed by the President for 4 year terms. Local State's Attorneys or District Attorneys are usually elected. If a case is primarily being handled by the FBI, it's generally a Federal case being handled by a US Attorney. Am I missing something here? This sounds alot like IMS. Hierarchical databases have been around for a long, long time. The concepts look similar to some ancient legacy system that I worked on a decade ago. Doesn't sound incredibly novel. It's amazing to me that anyone is actually arguing that RAID negates the need for backup. That is just dumb. If I ever heard an SA working for me advocate that position, I would probably get them off of my team ASAP. I think these sorts of phenomena are a direct result of the merger & consolidations that seem to be inevitable as technology moves on. If you think about it, there is a shockingly small number of people who know how to do things critical to society. How do you make a car axle? Sew complex stitching on an industrial scale? Build a CPU? In my city, you can correlate street trees with bad or declining neighborhoods. Absentee landlords see trees as a nuisance -- you need to rake leaves in the fall, and they generally believe that the roots will block up sewers, etc. I doubt the talent behind meebo is worth $200M. I'd say that it's more a bailout of the investors. This sort of thing (certificate compromise) has happened with open source projects as well. The downside of trusting certificates is that you're abstracting trust to a point that you (where you == the IT industry) stops questioning who can do what. You trust something absolutely, but that trust is based on lots of people whom you don't know doing the right thing without making mistakes. People find their place in the world. I cannot imagine being dyslexic or unable to empathize with people. It's inspiring that people can turn those "handicaps" into competitive advantages. While the comment wasn't very sensitive, it also happens to be true. Our society tries to build a support structure around folks to enable them to reach their potential. Sometimes we're successful, other times we're not successful. In the past, unless your family was able to help you find a place, folks with mental problems were basically discarded by society. AirBNB isn't illegal -- it's analogous to the "personal services" sections in newspapers that are almost certainly including advertisements for prostitution. The problem is, the people renting out their rooms on AirBNB are in many cases violating local law, lease terms or insurance contracts. They're also in moral hazard -- they are paying for homeowners/renters insurance while running a roominghouse. AirBNB's legal position has to be "buyer (ie. landlord) beware". But their marketing position is that it's easy to cover your expenses by renting out your apartment. That paradox is a variation of Napster's old "people are just sharing music like they always have" line. The issue isn't that an unconventional pattern is illegal. The issue is that the risk models of residential mortgages, many apartment leases and insurance are designed for people living in a home. That distinction is important, because people generally treat their home with more care. And insurance/mortgages are priced accordingly. An apartment tenant generally doesn't leave the door open or unlocked -- they don't want their stuff to be stolen or destroyed. But a hotel guest or AirBNB renter has no skin in the game. Have you ever worked at a hotel? People routinely leave patio doors open or prop entry doors when they leave the room. NYC is a very tenant-friendly environment. It's critical to the landlord to have it on the record that he was running a pseudo-roominghouse out of his apartment in order to evict him later. Otherwise, you get held up in housing court. It's a complicated issue. Since the government started de-regulating many agricultural practices and allowing for the patenting of organisms, argribusiness intensely lobbies Congress to the point that they control agricultural policy. http://www.cbsnews.com/2100-18563_162-4048288.html Basically, the genetics of modified crops are patented. So if the wind carries corn pollen from your neighbor's farm to your organic cornfield, your crop will pick up some patented genetic characteristics. Then Monsanto's people come and sue you for using their intellectual property. Monsanto also acts to squelch competition. They purchased companies that make specialized equipment designed to clean and prepare non-hybrid seeds for storage, and shut down manufacturing. They also send people out to buy up old equipment used for seed cleaning, and if you are found have infringed on Monsanto's intellectual property, they'll have the court seize your seed-cleaning equipment. Nobody is killing themselves because you're being subsidized by the American taxpayer to grow lots of corn. Monsanto is a nasty corporation, but their nastiness is fueled by government policy that allows them to leverage patents and practices to make a commodity product like corn as profitable to them as pharmaceuticals are to Genentech or AstraZenica. It's great for you now, and results in cheap food prices for the consumer. But there are dangerous long-term social (ie. lots of obese people fattened up by artificially cheap and ubiquitous corn-derived sugar), biological and economic consequences I don't know that HFCS is "bad" vs. cane sugar. My only dig here is that generally speaking, eating alot of calories makes you gain weight. The US government decided at one time that lowering the cost of food proportionally would increase overall prosperity by giving consumers more buying power. The unintended side effect of that policy is that heavily sweetened prepared foods are now cheap and ingrained into culture. "Liking" a nation does not preclude other nations from spying on them. I'm sure the US and Israel spy on each other. It's not too bad, as long as you own appropriate suits. If you wear a heavy wool suit in August in NYC, you'll be a sweaty mes. If you wear an appropriate summer weight suit, you'll be ok. Men don't appreciate the uniformity of male bodies. (basically: skinny, average, athletic (bigger chest), portly (bigger gut) ) For women, there are many more variables, and each vendor cuts clothing differently. A guy with Timoni's tastes following this strategy would just buy a hoodie, shirts and pants from the Gap. Done. For a girl, having had a kid might mean that Gap skirt doesn't fit anymore. Or the shirt is meant for a bigger/smaller bust, etc. Usually people distinguish a cult from a mainstream religion based on the level of control that the movement exerts over its members. It's absolutely a grey line. Keep in mind that branches of mainstream religions sometimes go off in cultish directions -- often focusing on a charismatic figure. The problem with the Euro is the moral hazard that it creates. People in the "PIGS" countries were able to borrow and spend based on the credit of more robust economies such as Germany. So now, the people in these countries will be suffering for years under devaluation or austerity, but the rich who were the biggest beneficiaries of the bubble are completely safe, with their fortunes migrated to strong German banks with the click of a mouse. The Germans and northern Europeans are culpable in this -- they essentially co-signed billions of loans to countries like Greece that lack the governance ability to function with a German credit line. There obviously is a better way, because competitors in this segment do a better job. TripAdvisor immediately comes to mind for restaurants. It's pretty well known that Yelp is a joke -- wasn't the #1 restaurant in San Francisco some hole in the wall taco place a few months back? That practice sounds like a great way to get sued. You're being fed the government story re: leaks. They are leaking because the administration wants to be able to technically deny that it happened and avoid deeper questioning in public. At the same time, they get to control the timing, tempo and content of reporting in the mainstream press. From the Sanger story: "...according to participants in the program." "...based on interviews over the past 18 months with current and former American, European and Israeli officials involved in the program, as well as a range of outside experts. None would allow their names to be used because the effort remains highly classified, and parts of it continue to this day." "...according to participants in the many Situation Room meetings on Olympic Games" "Mr. Obama, according to officials in the room, asked a series of questions, fearful that the code could do damage outside the plant." "...the focus of attention, as one administration official put it, "has been overwhelmingly on one country."" Each one of these quotes indicates that an official senior enough in the US administration to be attending meetings on the topic with the President was willing to commit a serious crime by leaking this information to the press. Do you seriously think that a person crazy enough to leak secrets that would land him in prison would also take great pains to describe the President's deliberations on the topic as generously as this account does? We live in a free society, and Stallman is free to have an opinion, and to interpret things strictly or loosely. He is a fanatic or an extremist? Absolutely. But he continues to attract interest, and his contributions to society are real and significant. Society needs fanatics. We need someone to question that moral righteousness of things like copyright, or to set a boundary for the meaning of "open source". If he's personally difficult for Mr. Raymond to deal with, so what? How would the world improve if everyone sat around getting along with each other? Raymond's post is self-serving, and more about reminding us about how important he is while criticizing someone else. Santorum is a true believer. There's a difference between a leader who drinks the kool-aid, and a leader who mixes the kool-aid. Kool-aid drinkers by definition cannot set the agenda. It's satire. The government has the power of eminent domain, so they can just appropriate the property for it's market value. ($0) Car companies were late to the internet game the first time, and probably don't want to be left out again. Some car companies paid through the nose to domain squatters, others were unsuccessful (ie. nissan.com) You're not an idiot, you just like Apple and have enough money not to care about getting ripped off. This design decision has nothing to do with reducing "volume, weight and cost". It has everything to do with hosing the customer on memory, as that has been a very lucrative business on the iPad. iCal shipped in 2002. They made it ugly in 2011. I didn't level a slur at you, and as I said, I don't think that you're an idiot. Just wealthy. Before, you had the ability to go to the Apple store or website and have them "take care of" your memory woes at point of purchase. They charge like $500 for an $100 memory stick. Most people call paying 5x more for a commodity product "a ripoff". .com addresses would be owned by "the Shack", and you would have to enter your zipcode before visiting a .com site. HP would have announced the retirement of .net after the Compaq merger, and then change their minds. EMC would raise the price of .org domains to $10,000/year, but you wouldn't be able to actually assign IP addresses until the next release. Keep in mind that Perl4 was the first "big" version of Perl, available in 1991 with the publication of the camel book. When this was written companies were advertising "Cut and Paste" as a big feature for word processors. I think that statement only makes sense if people who live longer also have higher fertility rates. No, they are targeting consumers who call their "bank". The service life of modern computers is more than 3 years. So instead of buying a 16GB memory upgrade for $29 in 2015 to rejuvenate your laptop, you're looking at buying another $2,000 device. (Assuming that Apple doesn't decide that you only need an iPad 8) Average refresh cycle has historically been around 3 years. Today, most businesses are pushing to 4 for laptops, 6 for desktops. Normal people tend to upgrade when the batteries become untenable to deal with. An 18 month lifecycle for Apple kit is indicative that you spend between 3-6x than the average. I guess it depends on the story. If HN is supposed to be about startup culture and technology, the anecdote is essential to being vibrant. What is a startup if not a story whose premise is unproven? Now if you're telling me that your sister stuck a magnet in her ear and cured her cancer, I'm not going to give that credence without some real data. Most things on HN are not that, and a good story often compels us to think. So FWIW, I'm not downvoting contrarians, and I'm not downvoting anecdotes for being anecdotes. Not an EE, but I've observed a few things about electrical infrastructure: - The work is usually done by outside contractors, working off of specifications that may or may not make sense. - Some aspects of testing have the potential to be dangerous to the people doing them. (ie. if network switch fails in testings, no big deal. If some types of electrical switch break during testing, the tester is dead.) High voltage electricity is not a toy. - IT and facilities staff usually don't talk much, and often don't understand each other when they do. - There's no instrumentation. I get an alert when IT systems aren't configured right. Nothing from the other stuff. - There is a wide variance in quality of electrical infrastructure that isn't obvious to someone who isn't skilled in that area. IT folks don't need to deal with computers built in 1970. Electricians deal with ancient stuff that may be completely borked all of the time. Absolutely. Apple's vision for tablet-computer integration is to dumb down the computer. Microsoft can't afford to do that. I like StackOverflow, and contribute heavily to one of the "other" Stack Exchange sites that is busy, but not enough to get out of perpetual beta. The problem that they have is that SO grew very quickly and developed a Usenet-style culture. That's good in that there is alot of good information out there, but bad in the sense that you get all of the assholish behavior that came with Usenet. The other problem that they have is the network of other sites, some of which are very good. The problem there is that they're scaling a model meant for 1,000,000 SO users down to 5,000 users, and it just isn't the same. On a smaller SE site, you cannot wrangle the 5 votes to close some nonsense question written in pidgin english. On SO, a question will be closed in seconds by the vigilantes who roam the site. What Apple did was remove all of the barriers that got in the way of a good tablet experience for individual consumers. In essence, they made the iPad an application platform instead of a general purpose computer. They combined that with their amazing manufacturing and engineering prowess and created a real winner. From my perspective, the iPad is a dumbed down device. I only have access to the underlying operating system via API, don't have an ability to directly access shared corporate resources that are interesting to me, and cannot run arbitrary software without alot of hassle. Dumbed-down devices are fine -- i own and love my iPad. But they're fine until you need to do something that the vendor doesn't want you to do, and Apple is a vendor who likes to define a single "one true path" to do many things. Sure, if you're in a transaction-oriented business where it's simple enough to keep the business in your head, you don't need employees. As things grow, the problem with contractors is that their stake is limited to their contract. Good employees have the best interest of the company in mind. The difference is that tens of thousands of business users used System 9. The Microsoft platform probably had hundreds of millions. There's almost no comparison. Open Directory is basically a ldap with MIT kerberos that can sort of integrate with AD. Most folks setup a hybrid (referred to as the "magic triangle") where you use AD for user auth and OD for computer policy stuff. It's not very robust, and Apple isn't exactly committed to the notion of server operating systems, so it doesn't get much love. You really need to buy a client app like ADmit Mac, or a server-side solution like Centrify to really work with Active Directory. AD itself is a really brilliant collection of software. Think of it as a fully integrated, smoothly operation bundle of LDAP, Kerberos and DNS -- it "just works". Coming from a Unix background, AD was amazing to me as there isn't any Unix equivalent at all, except maybe for the ancient NIS and NFS integrations. You get single sign on. Robust Access Controls. The ability to trust the identities of external organizations. A policy engine to do all sorts of management activities at various levels. Oh, and it allows you to easily build fault-tolerant deployments without much forethought. If you have a product that fits on a Gartner "magic quadrant", figure out what analyst writes it and get real friendly with that person. Otherwise, you need a way to sell to the Executive level folks (ie. sell like IBM and Oracle). If you operate in or have access to the social stratum of corporate bigwigs, use that. Otherwise, you can hire $$$ salesfolk who have that access, or target mid-level managers and play the procurement game. If you are interested in government... Find a lobbyist with a clue. I sold $350k-$1.2M / month when I worked at CompUSA in college (late 90s). I averaged $10/hr jan-september, about $18 november/december. I was usually ranked 3 out of 100 salespeople. The rest made $6.60/hr. I wasn't being exploited, and neither are the folks at the Apple store. In the US, you have protections if you have a union contract. Otherwise, you pretty much need to be considered a protected class (varies by state), and your sacking was related to your class status. Here's a few ideas. Buy the ASHRAE books on Datacenter/Datacom HVAC design, implementation and operations. Most IT equipment runs optimally with air entering the front face up to around 78 degrees F -- and can run with some decreased reliability up to 85. I've been in datacenters where I need to grab a hoodie to work for any length of time -- that's a waste. Once you read and understand these books and do some data gathering, you should be able to either turn up the thermostat in your datacenter to 75-80 degrees F. (it's probably too cold) Also, If humans are comfortable working in hot aisles, it's way too cold -- the airflow is screwed up and you're cooling down air that doesn't need to be cold. For a modest expenditure, you may be able to install blank panels in your racks, ducting or other equipment to make your cooling more effective. You said that you have 10,000 servers. Time to get aggressive about virtualization. Did your company skip a refresh cycle or two because of the poor economy? If "yes", congratulations, you have some Intel Pentium 4 space heaters churning away in your datacenter. Good news is that you should be replace them on a 5:1 basis (very conservative) with virtual host servers, and show a net savings. Install motion-activated LED lighting. Talk to your power utility or government agency charged with energy efficiency and see if grants are available. Lighting accounts for much more power consumption in datacenters than you may think! > In my admittedly anecdotal experience, I have found that ORMs are the most useful for the most trivial queries. For anything complicated, I find it easier to drop into SQL and write the query directly As a recovering DBA, I want to jump out of my seat and say "Yes, exactly!" In many situations, "simple" queries can easily cover 90% of what you actually need, and simple queries are often an order of magnitude less expensive than even modestly complicated ones. If your devs are in the habit of writing lots of SQL, they'll often decide to do things like write one complex query to avoid the need for a few trivial queries. From a developer point of view, that makes sense, but the result is that you end up chewing lots of database resources. Databases tend to become scarce resources quickly, and it's usually very expensive to scale up. In my previous experience, the ORM helped reduce needlessly complex queries, and freed up resources on the DBA side of the house to help optimize the complex stuff that needed to be there. Granted, I was a DBA a long time ago, and resources were far less plentiful back in the good old days. But I think this is still relevant whenever you get into "big" databases. People don't like being ripped off. Price discrimination is revenue optimization for the vendor, it's not eliminating some efficiency -- it's steering me to part with more of my economic resources. I expect the kind of behavior from a salesperson with whom I am negotiating -- that's a customary way to do business in that model. In the United States, we learn about fixed-cost in the grocery store -- an apple cost $1 whether I have $0.50 or $5,000 in my wallet. When I'm buying a product or service on what appears to be a fixed-cost basis, I perceive your "pricing discrimination" as taking advantage of me. I agree with you too, which may sound strange, but I think the difference is in the teams. I think in your case (and many others), my position doesn't make sense. Why? Because you're competent and grok programming and databases, which is an amazingly rare. Also, you're working on a really small team. In a bigger or more distributed team, you need to have strong standards and governance when many people are sharing one resource. Otherwise, you run into a "tragedy of the commons" scenario where the whole business suffers. The web browser. I loved my BB, but ditched it when it became clear to me that they didn't take browsing seriously. I was a senior manager in an organization where one of my peers essentially inserted a similar blame regime into our incident management process. It is a poisonous practice, but I actually loved my job and wanted to improve the place. So my team fought back. The way that you defeat a system like this is to use it. Be humble, honest and calm, and go out of your way take the hits. But refuse to be blamed for things that aren't your responsibility. Force the problem people to do the same. That undermines the system, as your putting the problem person in the uncomfortable position of taking responsibility for his actions. The whole point of "blame assignment" is to deflect blame from the golden children. In my case, the blame regime lasted a few months. It collapses when the person pushing the regime is on the defensive too often. I think that they're right on this one. Since Windows 7, I may have traversed the start menu a couple of times a month. I use pinned apps on the taskbar or Start menu front page for frequently accessed stuff, or use search. Keep in mind that for most users, they are not running many applications anymore. I suppose that Cisco's experience collaborating with the secret police of various nations has seeped into it's corporate culture. I'm sure it started as the latter. Since Apple's success with the App Store, every vendor wants to turn their platform into a walled garden where they control everything. Cisco tried it previously with their attempt to marry a VoIP phone with an Android tablet. From an MBA point of view, Linksys is a problem -- it's a commodity product with low margins that was only acquired to protect Cisco's high-profit small router/switch business. Focusing on improving the user experience makes your $80 router a $150 router (ie. Apple's strategy in this segment), which doesn't help the bottom line -- the world doesn't need another AirPort Extreme. Instead, you can turn your router into a "monetization" machine and extract recurring cash flows without changing the product price-point in a competitive market. You're missing the point -- those people aren't your friends anyway. The fact that you can "like" a picture of someone's kid or say happy birthday on their Wall doesn't change that fact. Facebook can be a great tool for sharing photos and other things with your friends. But most of what is actually happening on Facebook is voyeurism -- you get to stalk people whom you sort of know. My experience is that Apple isn't that bad. I have filed several bugs with Apple over the years, and IMO their response is pretty good compared to other vendors, particularly given that I have no paid support relationship with them. The bugs ranged from AD integration issues to PDF rendering problems, to an ActiveSync issue specific to our unusual configuration. I do have an expensive support relationship with Microsoft, and I've gotten similar results for the same types of problems. We log bug reports, and the serious ones with business impact get fixed. UI glitches or corner-case Outlook problems get fixed more slowly, or only via custom hotfix. Serious bugs get fixed more quickly, and typically get rolled into a future patch. In the past, I've had similar or even worse results from other large companies like IBM, Oracle, Informix and Sun. Software has bugs, and low-priority bugs persist for a long time, for reasons that may be good or bad. In any case, posting expletive-laden rants railing against a vendor is unprofessional and unlikely to garner a positive reaction. You made his point again. In the golden Microsoft years, Exchange, SQL, SMS, etc all sucked. Really sucked. But you needed to take your medicine (aka buy the Windows platform), because the oxygen was snuffed out from the alternatives. Today, the tools are keeping folks on the platform. That's dangerous to Microsoft's well being. Obviously the author of this article is a socialist... The financial industry is driving innovation by applying the principles of capitalism. The only reason the bankers are lying is that government meddling is making their capitalistic process illegal. Of you want bankers to be 100% truthful, don't tie their hands behind their backs with quaint concepts like usury, proper underwriting of loans, etc. You also have a camp of people who wish to practice their craft, period. If your goal is to move up the organization, being a remote worker is similar to working in the Iowa field office -- you're not making the personal connections with the bigshots that you need to make to get the promotions. Being in the right place at the right time and luck are big success factors, imo. Think of culture as cooking. You can use the finest meats, freshest vegetables and highest quality herbs, and still produce an awful meal by assembling them wrong. But on the flip side, you CAN make a very good meal from mediocre ingredients by preparing them properly. Two examples form my career: Workplace A: full of smart, motivated problem solvers and "A players" who failed in key ways because a toxic culture just poisoned anything. People were nasty and busy protecting fiefs. The individual work efforts were great, but they couldn't come together. Workplace B: A place where there was a fairly broad range of people from marginally skilled folks to the super-smart where the teams just got along and had leadership that promoted cross-training and cooperation. People were friendly & professional. As a leader, doing the care & feeding to maintain good culture (aka making work a place where you want to work) is hard. I think that after you reach a certain size, 100% remote workers make it harder, at least for a core team. Also, your business requirements around security and other factors may force you to do things that will damage that remote culture. I'd ask you the inverse question. What monster keeps inflation so low as to make it impossible for regular people to earn anything on modest savings, yet provides a powerful incentive for wealthy individuals and corporations to hoard capital. Right now, people and small businesses are being starved of capital, because the folks with capital have no incentive to spend it. Question: Do you think that Microsoft would make a business decision to park nearly $60,000,000,000 in cash if there were a 6% inflation rate? Higher inflation would lead the central banks (who want lower levels of inflation) to raise interest rates in order to control inflation. We've been living with nearly 5 years of historically low rates of interest and inflation due to fiscal stimulus measures. The nasty side effect of that is that it is nearly risk-free for people with surplus capital to hold onto that capital. Generally speaking, high inflation is bad for savers. But virtually no inflation is also bad for savers, as you get no return investment without incurring significant risk. Absolutely. The notion that Amazon "subscribe and save" reference disrupted toilet paper in particular caught my attention. Subscribe and save is interesting, but paying 40% more for toilet paper doesn't sound very disruptive to me. It's cool for offices and people with more money than time, but not disruptive. When I worked at a fast food joint in a mall, our boss had us move the safe after the mall closed to bring it to a new location. Picture two 19 year olds rolling a safe on a handtruck to a rental van parked in front of a the mall entrance at 11PM. The mall rent a cop came up to us and yells "What the hell do you think you are doing?" My coworker snaps "WTF do you think? We've moving the safe -- get that door for us!". He did, and we rolled the safe into the van, then headed for our cars. The same toilet paper was $15 at ShopRite and my wife had a 3 dollar coupon. Sales matter! This is why when you hear politicians bleating about de-regulation, you need to read between the lines to figure out what they are actually saying. Conduct of markets so critical to our society need to be done in the open, in an publicly accessible exchange. Banks will not fix themselves, they need to be compelled to do so by strong regulation. For all of the hand-wringing over high-frequency trading of equities, at least you can ultimately figure out what is doing on. Bankers used to be boring people whose primary job qualifications were looking distinguished and having the ability to follow instructions precisely. We need a regulatory environment that brings that kind of banker back to the mainstream. A stable, regulated banking regime was in place in the United States until the 1980's and 1990's. The 80's saw the results of "innovation" in the financial sector through the implosion of thousands of savings & loan institutions. We didn't adopt our current laissez faire regime of "bankers gone wild" until the late 90's. My memory may be foggy, but I don't recall the period of 1945-1999 as some sort of socialist nightmare for the United States. Most people think of this era as a golden age. Regulation doesn't mean nationalization. It means that you put rules in place to do things like eliminate practices the fundamentally place the bank at odds with their customers. Things like using the customer deposits to make multi-billion dollar gambles (JP Morgan Chase, MF Global). Or subject the firm to tend of billions of dollars worth of liability that the firm is unable to make good on (AIG). Or commit outright fraud (Countrywide, Washington Mutual, Barclays, etc). I don't work in the financial industry, so the normal laws of business apply. If I systematically broke internal controls and rigged KPIs to achieve the maximum bonus compensation possible for me, I'd be investigated, terminated and likely prosecuted. Why shouldn't the guy managing my money have the same accountability? Using Joel's definition of inventory and then reading "The Goal" would be a useful thing to do. IT and software shops often have no clue about what is actually stopping them from shipping product. My question is: Why are people using craigslist? Fortunately for me, I purchased a home before all apartment ads migrated to CL. For the life of me, I don't get why it's so popular. The site is awful in at least a half dozen different ways. I am a member of a group that makes PC standards selections for an organization that buys 30,000-40,000 computers per year. We take stewardship of our IT asset lifecycle seriously -- over 60,000 devices were properly recycled last year. (Includes non-computer equipment and counts monitors separately) Apple was a small growing category for us since 2009. EPEAT is about more than recycling -- it's about reducing the total environmental impact of the PC. Everything from avoiding hazardous materials to energy efficiency to packaging options to end-of-life. It gives folks who give a hoot the ability to quickly do an "apples to apples" comparison of the environmental impact of various products. It also externalizes decisions. Should we not buy that amazing device that everyone lusts over because the bezel contains brominated materials? It's just a bezel! EPEAT makes that decision easier -- it's certified, or not. This is just one more example of the level of contempt that Apple routinely displays for anyone whose needs go beyond buying their products for MSRP at retail, I'm done with them. I'm not sacrificing our standards so that Apple can glue components to their computers. Thanks for regurgitating the Apple PR spin. Permanently affixing readily recyclable components like memory and batteries to system boards are not "superior" practices by any meaningful measure. They are practices that enhance the marketing segmentation of their products and make Apple more money -- while making recovery of valuable assets (memory, battery materials) impossible at the end of the device's lifecycle. Offering recycling of products is meaningless -- relatively few devices get recycled by the manufacturers programs (particularly at institutional customers like schools or enterprises). Why should I change my business process to make Apple more money? I'm not hauling thousands of devices to Apple -- particularly if I can save money by using any of a half dozen competitors. I have contracts with a half dozen recycling vendors who take my junk and dispose of them in a manner deemed acceptable by us. Some of them even pay us to take certain products. A "shiny EPEAT certification" means that I can call any of the thousands of recycling vendors in the United States and get my gear hauled off and disposed of in a sustainable and ethical manner, and at a reasonable price. No African children are smelting wires from equipment originating from my company. Memory from my Dell devices is recovered and resold. Batteries from my Thinkpads are dissembled and recycled. That webpage is part-information, part-marketing. It conveys the message that the company wants to tell. EPEAT's criteria come from published IEEE standards, last updated in 2009. Other vendors with similar form-factors seem to be able to meet the EPEAT criteria. The new "Ultrabooks", which are similar form-factor wise to Apple products, seem to be capable of meeting EPEAT Silver criteria. What is Apple's commitment? Right now they may meet EPEAT Gold standards. Will they next month? I suppose that I could hire people to figure this out, but why should I? There are plenty of competitors with quality products. Why couldn't Apple have proposed updates to EPEAT, if it's so hopelessly out of date? A: They hold the institutional/corporate customer in contempt. Early in the CDMA days, there was talk of mounting small cellular antennas on utility poles to speed up rollouts, especially in suburban areas. The problem is, managing tons of little leases is a nightmare, and the people who own telephone poles and streetlights (allowing you to have a few big leases) want an obscene amount of money to hang stuff on their pole. I worked for a successful Fortune 50 company whose products you use every day. I worked out of an office in NYC, and flew to the west coast every two weeks to attend a staff meeting that lasted about 2.5 hours. I literally earned enough frequent travel points that I didnt pay for a vacation from 2003-2009. If you work for a company like Microsoft or IBM or Bank of America, you work in a bureaucracy at least as dysfunctional and Byzantine as an average US state. The Federal government is a whole other beast unto itself, but there are probably companies as screwy as they are too. The fact that the private entity purges some folks doesn't make them better. That's a good point, but Microsoft is slowly working on that. The Exchange guys whom I work with live in PowerShell -- they barely touch the GUI to make changes to things. As the Microsoft Apps get powershell-ized, I think you'll see it become a bigger part of the environment. I don't know about that, the biased stuff is pretty obvious. For example, they ran a cover article a few months back about the poor helpless souls in the City of London and how the big bad bankers from other places were challenging them. I found myself laughing at one point. They are the best source of international news. My biggest issue with it is that reading it is time-consuming, and the weekly cadence is relentless. I'd argue that government is more pervasively corrupt today because it pretends to be clean. We aggressively try to stamp out "transactional" corruption, but pretend that systemic corruption doesn't exist. In 1960, a salesman would give a government buyer a bottle of whisky for Christmas. That's a serious crime these days. But today, we eliminated to a large extent the "upfront" influence and instead launder it through "lobbying" firms. A $30 bottle is a crime, $30,000,000 of advertising through a PAC is ok. Sounds like free advertising for Samsung. If the products are good enough that Apple is playing dirty tricks to remove them to the market, maybe I need to reconsider buying a new iPhone when my contract runs out this fall. I think they made the right call on this example -- the whole point of SO is to get specific answers to specific questions. This question is vague and without the context that a reasonable person would need to give a specific answer. There are plenty of examples of good questions being closed because they are perceived as generating too much discussion (esp. on the "programmers" se site). IMO, you've given us an example of SO moderation working. That's like asking "What is the best way to drink milk"? In the case of milk, circumstances matter. Is the person drinking the milk an infant? Lactose intolerant? Travelling? Going on a 1-week camping expedition? On a diet? Diebetic? The details are key to the question. If you answered the question "In a glass with chocolate chip cookies on the side", the parent of an infant following that advice would have a baby vomiting everywhere because they cannot digest milk protein. The database question is similar. Are you storing favicons or 10MB RAW files? Is the database an archive with low traffic or the next Flickr? What database platform are you using? What resources are available to the questioner? If you really care enough about this to understand the background, check out the old Stackoverflow podcasts: https://stackoverflow.fogbugz.com/?W4 (They have decent transcripts there) Jeff & Joel talk about the concept of what makes a good question a few times -- the way they got to there is interesting and worth listening too. Actually, the whole series of podcasts is an interesting view into the thoughts of founders starting a company. The other thing that I would be concerned about is her PR appeal. I have no idea who Google employee 19 or 21 is, and I have no idea what she actually did at Google, except that it sounded important. Yet I've heard of her, would probably recognize her in a news picture, and remember her name. I've had the opportunity to work with people who were very good at personal public relations, and based on that experience, I'm skeptical. Constantly selling your public image means that you can't be wrong, which always results in revisionist history and oddball situations. Hopefully I'm wrong -- Yahoo needs help, and she does have a good story. This is like a hotel manager kicking you out because you and your partner are having sex. Why? Because prostitutes have sex too, and we don't want our hotel associated with that. There are other, more troubling things here too. Materials related to the sale of firearms and ammunition are prohibited. Firearms in various forms are completely legal to own and trade to various degrees in the United States, why are documents relating to that trade of firearms banned? I also see that anything that incites, advocates or expresses profanity is prohibited. I would advocate that all SkyDrive users place a copy of the terms of service in their account. This should incite most people to express their opinion of Microsoft's actions by saying "Fuck you, Microsoft", and thus violating the terms of service. I guess I fumbled the satirical point that I was trying to make. Most folks don't read terms of service documents. But, putting this particular terms of service document on your SkyDrive and reading it would incite many people to express their opinion of the document using profanity. (It certainly had that effect on me ;) ) The key consideration there is how many consulting hours will you need to figure out how to build up and tear down whatever Oracle/SAP/etc software that you need to do your financial calculations on the EC2 VM. You may find that Fusion-IO is cheaper than $50 + 3 months of consulting time. I think the root of what this guy is ranting about is that many web people seem to confuse rapid release iteration with rapid engineering iteration. The folks who do this don't understand that the frameworks that they are using are taking care of their lack of forethought -- but will only do so for a limited time. Design, implementation and testing are different disciplines that are essential to reliable systems. You may not need to formally embrace all of them at a given point in time (or product cycle), but claiming that "testing" is a fraud or that "roll back" is mythical is just a demonstration that the speaker doesn't have a mature engineering background. I had a back injury that required surgery. Total cost: $150k. My wife recently had a child. Minor complications ensued at delivery. Total cost: $40k. My cost for insurance? $3,120 a year, plus about $400/year in copays. The gamble has worked out for me. Yeah, it's insane here. Note that my employer pay 75% of my insurance premium as well. I don't think the insurance industry per se is the cause. There are many issues that books have been written on. Fundamentally though, because we lack any basic "safety net", yet require hospitals to provide emergency care without regard to payment hospitals are forced to recover massive losses by raising rates for everyone. That's why a cesarean childbirth can cost $40k -- if a woman in labor who didn't get prenatal care shows up, they need to care for her and don't get paid. So we end up in this false debate where opponents to "socializing" insurance/medicine don't understand what is wrong, because they have middle-class jobs with paid insurance as a benefit. It doesn't compute for some reason that they are already paying for it! I think that self-affirmation makes sense as a counter to whatever is being pushed upon you. It's easy to get caught up in the minutae of daily BS at your job, and end up in a rut, thinking that something is wrong with you. I worked at a place where organizationally, we just failing. It's depressing working for a sinking ship, and as a crewman on the ship, you can feel like your bear some responsibility. I'd argue that prosecutors pandering for votes are worse than the cops in terms of information leakage. And while laws limiting access to firearms may be part of a longer term solution, we should be exploring limiting the celebration of sadism that modern Hollywood has become. ...but TW does. So they don't really give a rat's ass. At least we know that nothing will make Youtube comments worse than they are right now. I think you're missing the point. The problem is that when you go to hire someone, you get swamped by thousands of applications from candidates who may or may not have any qualification. So what happens is you apply filters to screen out people. One method is to filter out colleges, GPA, lack of work experience, underqualification, overqualification, or anything that isn't legally protected to get to a workable candidate pool. Another method is to only hire people you know, or people you know people you know. Still another is to build barriers (Civil Service exams, grammar tests, math test). The problem is that if you are an unfortunate soul who doesn't get through the filter (ie. 2.9 GPA, state school, etc), doesn't operate in you social circle, or doesn't know about or cannot get through the barriers, you're screwed. Really? Sounds like a great opportunity to blackmail the CIA to me. One of the disadvantages of committing illegal and morally questionable acts is that you become vulnerable to the consequences of the disclosure of those acts. Consider the other event that was contributing to that 20% increase in defense spending. (ie. the Afghanistan war) Afghanistan was part of the Russian sphere of influence since the days of the imperial "Great Game" era. The Russians didn't invade Afghanistan because they got a kick out of tribal politics -- their sphere of influence was being threatened. Don't give up. For a variety of reasons, I ended up getting out with a 2.6. I was able to parlay one of my college jobs into a "real" job, and was able to go from there. Now I've "made it" from some people's POV. Some of the companies who wouldn't give me the time of day a decade ago would hire me in a minute now. A few things to consider: - The government has the power of eminent domain, and the military has a history of "seizing" intellectual property to use for military endeavors. - The restrictions of the GPL are mostly associated with distribution. As the US Government is a single, sovereign entity, someone with a deep understanding of the law would need to determine whether modifying GPLd source code and putting it on a sovereign-owned drone was "distributing" the code. The legal concept in called usury, and it varies by state. New York prohibits interest in excess of 30%. States where credit cards are issued from have no usury -- Delaware, South Dakota, Utah, etc. States where you see retail payday lenders, "title loans", etc generally have high usury rates. You need to be careful, because application of the law varies by state. For example, if someone is able to sue you under New York law, a judge can void the entire debt . Also, serving members of the military can have their interest obligation limited to 6% in many circumstances. Generally speaking, a late fee should be an incentive for prompt payment, not a punitive measure. I would refuse to sign off on any contract with a vendor that such a capricious and draconian late payment policy. If minor delays in payment are a huge problem, deal with the issue up front and collect an upfront payment before commencing work. Sneaking in some excessive (and legally dubious) penalty is not good business. Would you trust someone who put a time-bomb in your business system? That stuff is immature and unnecessary. You handle non-payment issue through the courts, not with vigilante justice. Have a lawyer draw up your contracts, and don't transfer ownership of the intellectual property until payment is made. If they don't pay, sue them for using your property. Sounds like it's time to party like it's 1992 with Lotus Notes. Your thought process is precisely how vendors like Apple are arriving at this conclusion. The problem with it is that you are assuming that your users are blithering idiots without any actual work to do. The oh-so-quaint folder metaphor directly correlates to how humans do things in the physical world. I put my winter coat in a closet. My winter scarf, boots, hat and gloves are also in the closet, but in a box on a shelf. My system may not be the same as yours, but it works for me. Dumping my winter stuff with all of my clothing on a pile, and affixing a blue tag on it to represent "winter stuff" isn't improving things. Installing a database-backed clothing management system like you would find at a dry cleaner in my house solves my organizational problem, but introduces alot of complexity and overhead. Let's be real here. The reason that Apple is doing this is that have had success in delivering a dumbed-down API that makes their life much easier on phones, and prevents pesky third party software developers from doing dangerous things like allowing applications to talk to each other. They've decided to bring this innovation to the general purpose computer. Your two examples are both forms of media that require content management to be manageable at scale. In many ways, for photos, audio and video, rich metadata is more important than the actual data. People use iTunes, iPhoto, Picasa, etc. Enterprises use SharePoint and Filenet. My guess is that at least 80% of that kind of media is managed via applications using specialized apps using metadata. The "other stuff" that you speak of isn't equipped with rich and consistent metadata. Think of it this way. Your iTunes folders are exactly the same as mine, there is just a variance in the music that you have. Your photo application is very similar to mine -- the variance will be the degree to which you organize events and add metadata. Other stuff is different. Look at a folder that you use for a specific project. The chances are, you have documents in there created by multiple people. You probably have scanned documents with no metadata. Maybe even spreadsheets with financial data or some code examples. Whatever you have, there is a high chance that it looks completely different from my directory in key ways. Even the metadata may be inconsistent -- I tag some files for searching and add spotlight comments on the Mac. Most of my colleagues do not. The ones that do don't use the same conventions as I do. In the real world, I need to look through the documents about Project X, which was implemented in 2009 to plan for a refresh of the project. The people who were here then are mostly gone. If I'm relying on metadata, how in the hell am I going to find Project X documents? How do I find things when I don't know what I'm looking for. In the physical world, we have drawers, boxes and folders. In the digital world, we have filesystems. That isn't going anywhere, even if Apple decides to drag many people backwards. Shoes aren't simple for everyone. My wife's friend has a pretty robust system for managing dozens of pairs of shoes. The point is, unlike iTunes where you have a consistent and generally understood metadata system, people have their own systems to deal with arbitrary needs, whether that be shoes or code. Being prescriptive and pushing a single "one true path" for everyone isn't solving problems. And computers are supposed to be here to solve problems. Could you point to a study or something that describes this phenomenon? I only ask because I work with a huge (50k+) population of people who, based on the evidence I have from systems we manage, do seem to "get it" to varying degrees. There's definitely a spectrum, from people who are digital slobs to neatniks who have more folders than files. The problem with complexity is that it ends up being rigid. What happens when you get boots that the robot can't pick up? I scan alot of stuff at home and tag it with PDF tags. It's totally awesome, because Spotlight can index them, and the metadata is associated with the file vs. the file system. So I can use it in Linux or Windows as well. The problem? I can't do that for all filetypes. My TaxCut files for my personal and business taxes have no meaningful metadata that Spotlight can use. I could use Spotlight Comments, but that metadata isn't portable. The portable facility for this sort of file that I have is directory structure. On iOS, I'm just fucked. Unless the file in question is a picture, I'm stuck emailing things around, storing them within apps and whatever nonsensical filing system they have, or storing them in iCloud and only using Apple apps. Apple wants my Mac experience to be like my iOS experience. Which is why I need a portable way to organize my junk. I think "issues" gain weasel points when combined with "may". It comes across as distancing yourself from whatever is going on. The statement "Users may be having issues accessing Twitter" says to me that there may not be an issue, and if there is, it may be someone else's fault. Speaking factually is the better course, IMO. "Some users are reporting problems accessing Twitter. Our engineering team is investigating the issue." No implications there. People are used to hearing nonsense and discount everything you say once you start using it. I worked in a building where the building management tried to dress up a small fire as a drill by repeatedly declaring that all was well, even as a half dozen ladder trucks pulled up. Now a smoldering cigarette in a stairwell triggers building evacuations. Huh? I'm watching swimming on wnyt in Albany, NY right now OTA. You might want to verify that your provider doesn't have multiple login schemes. My Time Warner franchise has one account for payment and account services "pay express" and another for service access "my services". The Olympics requires the services credential. The problem with doing this is that many/most enterprise IT shops use security devices to proxy SSL traffic, altering the cert that the client sees. So unless you really understand you app's deployment scenario well, you should proceed with caution. Also note that 2% of enterprise IT people understand SSL at all, (and the devices that do the MITM part are usually controlled by the security dept) so troubleshooting will be close to impossible. Hushmail was always a strange operation to me anyway. If you need data at rest encrypted, why trust a third party with the keys? If you need anonymity, why would you want a key identifying your unique persona? I think a call for restrictions on gun ownership is a natural reaction to the fact that any lunatic can (and does) load up with military-style weaponry and can go on a killing spree. It doesn't happen everyday, but there are without a doubt lots of people who are stocking up on guns. Many of them are at least a little wacky, and long-guns are nearly unregulated in most US jurisdictions. You can call these events statistical noise, but the general public put you in the category where folks who claim that nuclear reactor meltdowns are no big deal are. The whole point of Hushmail is that you can use PGP/GPG style mail encryption via a webmail interface. You could also do this anonymously. They claimed that it was secure because the PGP stuff was done via a Java applet. It turns out that If you have a use case for using content signing and encryption, using a closed-source Java or other web applet is a pretty weird way to address it. Not really. Hybrid devices always suck. The departure of key execs who aren't the beneficiaries of a big windfall is seen as a bearish indicator for the future of the stock price. That doesn't necessarily mean anything with respect to the long term prospects for the company. Also, are these folks key execs? No idea. Also worth noting that this phenomenon exists everywhere. For example, the standards for Nielsen ratings used for (much more expensive) TV advertising are pretty lame. If you're in the same room as a powered-on television, you're considered a member of the audience. My other question would be... does it matter? Wouldn't the ability to target burlesque folks (who are real people, just not real names in this example) with laser-like precision be more valuable than trolling for real burlesque aficionados amongst the general population? They need to accept that there is some ambiguity. I subscribe to the local newspaper in my hometown, which is 500 miles away. Should the guy buying ads selling cords of firewood be pissed off because my subscription is not the norm? (a local resident in this case) If you have an expectation that there will be little or no variance in a population of 1,000,000 people your expectations are not realistic. If you bought a billboard, would you get angry if a car drove past with a sleeping passenger? Ambiguity is a given -- is Facebook defrauding you if I say I live in Manhattan, but for 3 months I'm at my summer home in Lake George, NY, 200 miles away? You probably wouldn't be happy if you were a summer venue in Manhattan paying to reach people like me. That isn't fraud. As an advertiser, you need to do your own homework and adjust the relative effectiveness of Facebook vs. other mediums. Simple: We will not reveal any details regarding your identity unless we are compelled to do so by law. Once you decide to be the arbiter of what constitutes abuse or foul language, you're embarking on a trip down the rabbit hole. Capitalism doesn't require corporations. Corporations insulate capital from liability. In the early 1800's in the US, you needed a act of the state legislature to form a corporation. This was difficult and came with other baggage (putting politicians on payroll, etc) so many more businesses were partnerships. Being a partner means that as you invest, you gain more equity AND more liability. It also means that governance becomes difficult as the partnership grows. As the industrial revolution brought about massive, more capital intensive businesses (railroads, steel, etc), the corporation become necessary to function. If Hacker News was around in 1880, we'd be talking about corporate bureaucracy as a great innovation. It made sense. I think what you're really seeing with Valve is a sort of modern partnership. I've seen similar sounding small businesses (farms, mostly) where running of the business is more consensus-driven or there is a "spontaneous" hierarchy that develops over time. Why? Marx is one of the more influential figures in modern history. In this case, the reference to Marx was basically saying that corporations pay you a fixed rate for your time, but must extract a larger value than what they pay you. Reading this won't make you start hymning the Soviet national anthem. You can have whatever you really set your mind to have. Male or female, when your time comes, none of these debates matter, and you'll figure out what you need to do. When my son was born a few months ago, my wife felt a unexpectedly (even to her) strong desire to be home with him as much as possible. She was able to cut her schedule by about 60% -- if that wasn't possible, she would have quit. Fortunately, we have the means to make that decision and not necessity. Is that sexist? Outdated thinking? Dumb? I don't really care -- we did what was right for us. People in NYC have warped perceptions of distance. I grew up in Queens. My grandmother would pack us a lunch when my dad I visited my cousins in "Upstate" in Westchester county (probably a 30 minute drive on the weekend in those days). The Albany/Troy area to a New Yorker is somewhere between Mongolia and Boston. The ironic thing is that millions of people in the NY metro area spend 1-2 hours commuting less than 20 miles every day! Welcome to the new era of client computing. In this computing epoch, we are 100% devoted to making life easier for a hypothetical 105 year old illiterate caveman who just emerged from his cave for the first time to buy a computer. It may appear that UI designers are just working in ivory towers, pushing arbitrary and capricious changes down upon you. When you find yourself thinking that way, just think of the poor caveman. So I guess the premise is that you have two extremes: minimal instruction set (RISC) and complex (a CPU designed to run Python, for example). IMO, as is often the case, the answer lies in the middle. Look at the tremendous impact that adding AES acceleration features to x86 processors has on applications that require encryption. In the United States, a US Attorney with the political will and backing could convict virtually any citizen. One broad statute is honest services fraud. Basically, if you have a fiduciary duty to someone and commit an act that could reasonably be expected cause economic harm, you've committed a felony. There are many other laws that could be used to lock up many bankers, assuming the will existed to do so. Maybe your state is different, but every gas station, Wal-Mart and grocery in my region sells prepaid phones! They missed a key point -- marketing. Prepaid phones are marketed to low-end consumers... Kids, cheapstakes, poor folk, undocumented workers, people eith bad credit, etc. People with money aren't going to buy a cellphone from a Family Dollar or Exxon. I use Blackblaze for Desktop backup and Rsync.net for important data. I have reasonable confidence in these two services, as my data is encrypted at rest, and I have at least some control over the keys. I'm not very comfortable with other cloud services. Should Microsoft not act in it's self-interest? If you are critiquing Microsoft for doing that, you should be critical of Google for tracking you -- after all, couldn't they just charge for services? At the end of the day, consumers will know that "Do Not Track" is on, and that big advertising networks are igorning it. They won't know or care about the T's and C's of some agreement. They'll also know (because Microsoft will tell them) that Bing, Outlook.com, etc will respect DNT. It's a tough thing to do -- particularly with Excel -- many spreadsheets include VBA code and other stuff that has dependencies on other parts of the Microsoft stack. OOXML is a beastly specification, because it's not just a description of how to create a document or spreadsheet -- it includes artifacts to maintain compatibility with MS Office software from the early 90's. There are a few reasons -- upstate portions of the aqueducts are larger and built in trenches. As you approach the metropolitan area or mountainous area, the trench method becomes impractical, so the drill narrower tunnels with a steeper slope to force the water to flow more quickly. Do some Googling. My grandparents were all born in Ireland from 1905-1920. My father's father was one of 6 children, my mother's mother 1 of 13. All families lost at least two children each that I'm aware of -- stillbirths were often kept secret. The point is, when you have incredibly poor country, excessive influence of religion, poor health and a high child mortality rate, you have more children, both planned and unplanned. He was also drafted into the Wehrmacht to fight on the Eastern front, was wounded in the Battle of Moscow, and was the only member of his platoon to survive Stalingrad. The world isn't some Hollywood movie where the good guys and bad guys are clearly delineated. IBM licensed it so they could optimize Java for Z, i-Series (aka AS/400), p-Series (AIX) and WebSphere. A decade ago, it performed much better than Sun Java in many respects. There used to be licensing restrictions as well -- I think on x86 it was theoretically only free to run on IBM hardware or with other IBM software (ie. WebSphere, DB2, Tivoli, etc). People are motivated by different things, and that is neither good or bad. It is. The upside of people wanting to give their labors away in exchange for recognition or a university paycheck is that it has pushed the rest of us up the value chain. Big companies want to be like IBM in 1970 -- owners of the marketplace, who stick you with whatever makes sense to them. That's why greybeard mainframe types call everything that isn't a mainframe "open systems". IBM, Control Data, etc were (and in some cases are) so restrictive that you literally had to provide their on-site engineers with a private office suite in your facility that your employees were not allowed to enter. (Where the manuals, etc were kept.) All of this "giving away" of stuff has stopped our society from reinventing the wheel. I can provide motivated people with marginal education and they can produce useful things without a deep understanding of how computers and compiler work. That's powerful stuff. True believers always come with associated baggage. Whether they want your money, your soul, or something in between, there's always ups and downs. The data is their real product. Bible printing isn't just driven by intrinsic demand -- various groups push lots and lots of bibles out into the world to evangelize their religion. I think one group claims to have sent 250,000 bibles to American servicemen. I've found Safari to be unusable for a year or two now on my 09 iMac. Lots of random freezing and overall poor performance. Chrome is just too much better to even bother with Safari. The piece isn't Pulitzer material, but I think the headline is reasonable. The fundamental thing that makes a bazaar successful is the network effect -- it's a commons. Teenagers hang out at the mall because that's where their friends are. When you start capriciously kicking various people out of your bazaar, it's reasonable to ask why you are destroying yourself. I don't have any insight into Google, but is is a smart thing to do. My wife and I recently had our first child, who thankfully has no serious health issues and is a great sleeper. My wife's employer provides 3 months leave at half pay, but only after she uses her PTO accruals. So that left us in a position where we would have to find quality, expensive infant care, while simultaneously dealing with taking FMLA time without pay for baby doctor's appointments or when daycare sends the child home due to illness or other issues. (My job unfortunately requires travel, so much of that burden falls on my wife.) End result is that we ran the numbers and talked about what we really wanted, and it made sense for my wife to stop working. Sure, I didn't think of that! PTO is your vacation/sick accruals. In most US companies, having a baby means that a mother will use all of her accrued sick and vacation time for maternity leave. The problem with that is that you come back to work with no time... But you need to take days or afternoons off to care for your infant. (pediatrician visits, kid is sick from daycare, etc) FMLA is a federal law that requires most employers to allow you to take time off to deal with medical problems that you or your immediate family have. If you use all of the time, it is almost certainly unpaid. Mac forum comments often approach YouTube comments in terms of awfulness. Its a really strange phenomenon. Consider what your goals are with respect to encryption -- allowing the deltas generated by modifying your TrueCrypt volume will almost certainly make it easier for an adversary to break into your encrypted volume. Canada is a developed market, with ready access to US internet resources. Russia a decade or so did not have a market that was appealing from a tactical point of view to Western companies (ie. lack of access, lack of customer $, lack of legal framework, etc). Now Russia is a more relevant market, but the home-grown competitors are already embedded. Canadians may be miffed at Google.ca's lack of caring about Canada, but they still use Google.ca, and will use voice when Google lights the service up. (I use Russia and Google here as illustrative examples) That's absurd -- many politicians are attorneys, and are ethically obligated to protect the identities of their clients. I have worked for a government entity in a policy making role, and one of my obligations was to annually file a detail of my investments, business dealings and other things in a manner that balances the public's need to be assured of my integrity with my need for privacy in my affairs. Disclosure of medical data is an even more egregious ethical and privacy violation. Why should I as a political figure need to publicly disclose my use of narcotics to manage pain from a chronic medical condition? Why should I need disclose the use of drugs that imply a potentially embarrassing medical condition? Medical diagnoses affect people's view of people. I don't want otherwise good people excluded from public service because they are HIV positive. >Their hardware is of higher quality, but I think their uptime has more to do with the hermetic seal of human process that exists around the installations. You can't get anything changed in production, ever. And thats fine, because banks have been doing the same thing for the last 30 years. You hit it. Things break when you change things. The high priesthood that surrounds all mainframes prevents that from happening. Nowadays, if you have to change stuff, IBM sells you AIX boxes that cost nearly as much as mainframes which sort of integrate with them to support those changes. I had something like this happen to me, except it was a bait and switch -- they lured you in with some interesting job, but it turned out they were interviewing 75 people for 8 jobs. At the end, they offered everyone (as in "ok, everyone, you're all a good fit for position EY535353-1") for some horrific job debugging JCL or something to everyone for like $18/hr (this was in 1999), and didn't hire anyone for the good gigs. By that time, the whole crowd was getting unruly, and we basically stormed out. Note that GPG is not FIPS 140 compliant, so if you encrypting for compliance purposes, GPG may not be considered encryption by your governing policy. These sorts of stories are always fascinating to me. If you look back at human history, one of the big differentiators between human cultures is how we handle our dead. Was the origin of that behavior a sort of opportunity for groups of humans to learn from the death of their friends? Or are our emotions a sort of outgrowth of the behaviors these birds display? I agree that GPG is awesome. When the VA had a laptop theft that resulted in a large identity breach, many government entities freaked and implemented policies that they didn't understand. Think schools, local government, etc. In these situations, you may find yourself in trouble when auditors catch a security issue violating your own policy, because dog licensure data isn't properly encrypted. Non profits are businesses, they just don't generate profit as an organization. For example, Many human services non-profits are structured like fast food joints -- the Executive Director makes $150k, and the people delivering services make $35k or volunteer. That issue is solved here using GPG. Presuming you know how GPG works, your golden. Groking GPG is an issue, however -- it's an app that is not exactly user friendly. For me, I love this, because I can secure passwords using my private key, stored on a GPG card. Of course, there are probably less than 250 people on earth doing that. :) I agree -- its even stranger when you consider that the commercial success that Linux has had on the server side doesn't really impact Microsoft. Linux killed commercial UNIX. Glacier is simply meant to solve a different problem than S3. I will be using Glacier for storage of litigation hold data -- potentially many terabytes of stuff that is being held because a plaintiff asked to hold "everything" and a judge agreed. So I'll pay to store this stuff for a few years, and in the off-chance that I need to retrieve it, the other party will pay at least half. (A powerful incentive for them to not ask for the data to be retrieved in the first place!) Basically, you want the data that your sending there to be contiguous -- no fancy de-duping or incrementalism. If you are going to use it for backup, just tar up everything and send it up in blocks that make sense from a recovery cost POV. I'm not seeing this as a subsidy issue. Some of the quotes in the article sounded like PR from cable or some other companies. The biggest thing from a cost POV is the access to city building and utility pole rights of way. In most places, utility poles are owned by a combination telephone, power and cable utilities (or third parties), and these parties make it very difficult to run "last mile" cable by refusing lease space to third parties, or making it extremely expensive to do so. Many municipal broadband initiatives have died as a result of this. So Kansas City allowed Google to use it's rights of way, buildings, or leased pole space to run cabling. And it allowed a few employees to use excess city office space, and provide some marketing support. Big whoop. Kansas City made some modest concessions available to make a important service available to its citizens. The usual subsidy story is different. My city, like many others, indirectly subsidizes the cable company by giving them a monopoly on wired television service. In exchange for a goofy public access cable studio in our high school and free cable internet for a few public organizations, all ratepayers get to pay more money for lousy service. Why would expose themselves to such obvious fraud? The personal guarantees go away once your business is a going concern. You can anonymously acquire a Nevada shelf corporation in a week or two. If you were able to just setup a merchant account without a personal guarantee, you could then trivially rack up a significant volume of fraudulent charges without any recourse. (The bank would literally not know who you are) If you are a real business, you will almost certainly change credit card processors anyway to get better payment terms as your volume increases. The last startup I worked for changed at least three times as our volume grew. Not really -- pigs are really useful for cultivating land. You pen them in an area and they turn over the soil when they go "rooting" (foraging for roots and bugs). Historically, pigs are a recycling engine as well. You set them loose on garbage pile and they eat all sorts of stuff, producing rich fertilizer in return. This stuff all originates from the ancient Egyptian practices, and the reasoning for the taboos aren't precisely known. I always thought they had more to do with the people who kept the pigs -- who were (and still are today in Egypt) non-Muslim/Jews who are associated with garbage. Caves? I bet $15 is more valuable than the ads for most users. I wouldn't characterize this as Amazon "caving" in! A local policeman is different than a Federal agent. Basically, in most situations, an officer needs your consent or a warrant to enter your trunk. (there are exceptions) Evidence gets thrown out of court all of the time when the cops overstep. The difference with the Feds is that lying to an FBI or other agent is a serious crime in itself, and Federal officials get broader latitude to bend the ruled if they are acting in "good faith". So if you tell the agent that you don't have contraband in the trunk, and you do, you had better hope that you have some valuable information, becuase otherwise you're getting convicted of a serious felony. Moral: Don't have any association with drugs (or bank robbers) or people associated with drugs, and don't talk to cops. In the US, that happened. Low quality beef is cheap right now -- my supermarket is selling Select grade tenderloin for US $5.99/lb, becuase ranchers are dumping livestock on the market. In a few months, that same cut of beef will be 250-400% higher. This happened to me with my older MacBook Pro. On that model, the magnet next to the latch would loosen, causing the laptop to power up in my bag on the train or bus. I wouldn't notice this until I picked up the bag and noticed that it was very hot. People in the United States, especially younger people, are amazingly obtuse about this stuff. When you peruse the mailing lists or other discussion forums re: GPG or PGP, you'll start to notice that you are interacting with, or at least reading stuff from more Germans than you had previously. Think about why Germans seem to be more interested in privacy and personal email security. Many Germans were or know victims of the pervasive police state, or know folks who participated in that apparatus. I suspect that people here won't smarten up until some massive and egregious privacy violation emerges. When you think about it, a supermarket authenticates your identity to a higher standard when you purchase beer more than many of the companies that you do non-trivial business with. Kind of pathetic. For a random hacker to compromise your personal security, they need to find the last four digits of a credit card number that is relatively easy to derive. That's scary. Much scarier is that a not-so-random hacker with even a casual personal acquaintance can utterly destroy you. I disagree -- I think that NFC just adds another step that makes the technology less approachable and doesn't provide a big benefit. The problem solved here is that I don't need to carry a half dozen cards or slips of paper to do stuff. In my wallet right now I have a BJ's Card, two supermarket cards, CVS card, a Hilton Honors card, a Westin card, library card, health insurance ID card, dental ID card and a couple of other store cards. If I don't carry the cards, I need to giv my phone number to a clerk to look up my account, which is a pain. So I'm carrying around all of these cards. Passbook gets rid of all of them -- that's compelling. NFC is another layer of geekery that's cool, but I'm not going to use it, just like how I never use my RFID credit card. Why? Wireless point of sale readers cost a fortune, and they aren't available at 95% of retail outlets, and when they are, they only work for credit cards. (Honestly, in my area, I only see them at drug stores and Exxon/Mobil stations) You are correct for laptops (for now, anyway). For tablet form-factor devices, UEFI will prevent other OSs from being installed. There are all sorts of outlets for reasonably priced, what you see is what you get mattresses: Sam's Club. Costco. Ikea. You can get a decent name brand mainstream mattress for ~$500. The problem with mattresses is that it's a product where you need a salesman. There's a bunch of different products that look similar, but have significant differences. You want to match the customer with what they want (or tell them what they want) so that they don't return the thing. Plus, there are some inherent logistical differences between a pair of eyeglasses that can be dropped in an envelope and shipped to anywhere in a day or two. Distribution and warehousing is expensive, the product needs to be delivered quickly (and picked up if the customer is displeased). There is a market for discount mattress sales outlets on the internet -- but just as online furniture and appliance outlets haven't "disrupted" the market, mattresses online are unlikely to either. The market says that's a reasonable price, and Tempurpedic is serving the premium market segment. Why does a half gallon of milk with a generic store logo cost 10% less than the name-brand milk from the same exact dairy? Anything less is either refurbished (ick) or one of the foam ones from Amazon/Overstock. The online foam mattresses are as low as $350, because they can compress the foam and make it light enough for UPS Ground. Personally, I don't like foam mattresses. If i didn't know that, dropped $350 on a mattress from Amazon, I'm stuck with some bizarro return process, since it's no longer compressed foam that can be readily shipped! The characterization was unfair, but essentially true from an outsiders perspective. Government procurement policies create a cozy aristocracy of vendors who are equipped to work with the government. Add to that the fact State laws are often rigged in various ways to give preference to union shops, and all of the sudden someone is low-bidding a $10,000 toilet seat. The Techcrunch article is just outright racism and elitism, dressed up in business-speak. If written in 1930, it would probably lament on the "white mans burden" and how our averages are dragged down by those wretches in society who just cannot move forward. There was a time when the children of european peasants could get a great education in an urban school, go to well-regarded public colleges for little or no money, and do great things. That's why NYC is a great city today. You stand up to get folks out of their typical environment (cube, conference room) and to get their ears open. The point isn't to stand in an upright position, it's to communicate. At a company I worked for a few years ago, we did "stand up" type meetings in a park across the street, or on a balcony. We were mostly sitting down. Ask yourself a couple of questions. Where are the 23% of high school students who aren't graduating? Where are the children getting great early childhood education in the US? Where did the top 5% of college students go to high school? Note that it wasn't always an unintended consequence. When Robert Moses built the expressway and parkway systems in NYC, he expressly targeted black and puerto rican neighborhoods to bear the brunt of the impact. On Long Island, his bulldozers sliced small farms in two, but avoided the great estates of the mega rich -- at huge expense to both taxpayers and generations of commuters. Products are low-margin. Solutions are high margin. There isn't much money in selling commodity tablets. But there is a huge amount of money out there in solutions built around tablets. I used to get a ton of positive feedback from material that I shared on LinkedIn via Twitter. Guess what I do now? Skip the Twitter middleman. That extreme is frustrating. Working with a bunch of characters who all want to be in charge and change the world is irritating as well. Twitter seems to just have a leadership team with a complete lack of vision. Tweetie actually did a great job of delivering relevant ads in a way that wasn't very obnoxious at all. Then Twitter bought the client, stripped out the ads, and started delivering really lame and irrelevant "promoted tweets" The amount of cognitive dissonance is amazing. They need to ban 3rd party clients to protect monetization, yet they don't monetize their clients in a meaningful way. They want to be a platform, yet they do everything possible to make that effort fail and piss off potential partners. All I see from them are expensive campaigns linking traditional media to whatever the twitter platform is supposed to be. I can't see how a business model that boils down to giving teenagers a way to communicate with Justin Bieber's assistant creates any value. Most transit companies don't have a real time feed. The key piece of information is how often the bus runs anyway! So if someone kicks me in the nuts, it didn't actually happen because I am "one data point"? The Twitter CEO's statements are reminiscent of the BlackBerry co-CEOs laughing at the iPhone's lack of tactile keyboard. Fourth option: Silicon Valley companies are more likely to do thing that have a broad impact. I've worked with genius level people in environments varying from Welfare departments to IBM to industrial companies. Their genius is a big deal to steel production or food stamp printing, which are important things, but not sexy & important. Guy Kawasaki is basically a PR guy and promoter who also does some VC stuff. So a new client gave him their product, and he's pitching the product. Big whoop. The good news here is that the polish on Android phones is getting good enough that selling phones is a PR/marketing exercise. That and the re-entry of Microsoft should mean that all the players will need to keep the innovation process going. ...And then you have kids, and all of the sudden the wacked out drunken homeless guy peeing on your steps isn't edgy anymore. I take it that you don't live in a place that has winter (speed bumps == ice humps) or have back pain. You're really off base in that assessment. The original case for Medicare was driven by the realities of life in the 50's and early sixties when medicine started advancing. Middle class people found themselves in situations where they were forced to make choices that were either morally questionable or difficult to bear. What do you do when your parents lose their faculties and require care? Before Medicare and Medicaid, you had three basic choices: pay for nursing care at great expense and impact you ability to provide for your kids, care for them yourself to the degree that you can (ie, cramming the kids into one bedroom and doing what you can, probably destroying your marriage in the process), or essentially discard them and allow them to die, which is morally reprehensible and hard in the soul. Forget about the bunkum of modern politics. Do you think it is ethically or morally sound to cut off access to healthcare to the elderly? Should my father die of congestive heart failure because my family doesn't have $30k for a cardiac stent? In my opinion, the answer is no. Society as a whole should provide some rational level of quality health care to all. Cities can do that, but states need to do three things as well: compulsory registration, licensing, and insurance for bicycles. Why? Nobody knows how many bikes are really out there, and noboby does any enforcement of traffic laws wrt them. As I walk to work, I observe all manner of braindead behavior on the parts of cyclists. Also, cyclists don't behave consistently unless they are real enthusiasts -- many of them don't know the rules of the road. (becuase they don't know them!) Registration or licensing would at least establish a minimum standard of training. Insurance would enforce compliance -- cyclists with bad records would become uninsurable. Insurance would also bring a powerful lobbying force to the state legislatures to improve road conditions for bikes. Not really -- a helmet protects you from head injury. Is a car seatbelt useless because it doesn't do much for a side collision? I don't ride much, but one time I was out is the rain and had to swerve on a intersection that happened to be made of cobblestone, and ended up going down hard on the slick stone. Had I not been wearing a helmet, I would have had a severe head trauma. That type of accident is pretty common, and wearing the helmet avoids lots of needless suffering. There is a huge market for data that needs to be retained indefinitely, or for some long period of time. Oftentimes this is related to compliance. The frequency that the data is accessed is incredibly small -- or even zero. For example, in several states, all records relating to a minor in state custody, an adoption, or receiving certain nbenefits must be kept for 26 years after the minor turns 18. Today, states are either storing this data on tape, or paying some government contractor to do it for them -- at an expense several times that of Glacier. Another example is litigation holds. One former employer was forced to hold around a petabyte of data 7 years for a complex civil suit, because... A judge said so. In that case, the high cost of retrieval may be a benefit , because the plaintiff would be footing the bill. How many developers are doing precisely the same thing? How much revenue is Amazon making because I can read Kindle books on my iPad vs buying a kindle? How many skinner-box game developers are hocking virtual sheep with a free to sart game? The bad manager cannot tell the difference, and usually ends up looking like an idiot to his director. The problem with management types vs. individual contributors is that managers have more time in the org and usually have friends who can bail them out. So a bad worker will get fired, but a bad manager will get reassigned or even promoted. As a German scientist, you had a choice: try to disappear and abandon your work, go work with the Americans in Alabama or wherever, or go work with the Soviets. My guess is that threats weren't necessary in most cases, Media companies suck. CBS now delays start times by 2 minutes to break DVRs. And certain shows (ie person of interest) don't exist legally on the Internet. What do they expect people to do? You've swallowed the big lie of globalization -- that only by exporting labor to 3rd world serfs can we enjoy the standards of living that we enjoy. The government is an enabler of bad economic activity, but the capitalists are always the catalysts. Government regulations did not force Countrywide Loans to give $1M mortgages to people who lacked the resources to repay. Government regulation did not force brokerages in 1929 to offer 50:1 margin loans. Read some real history, not some cherry-picked analysis by economists. Travel to historical sites in places like Pennsylvania. Study the origins of the labor movement. Robber barons were/are very real. Because using some bespoke OS costs a fortune and accomplishes nothing. Windows is more than capable of providing a secure environment for this sort of thing. Wat you're looking at is some shoddy work that was probably done by some contractor years ago. All of the arguments in this thread are true. In areas where specialized knowledge is required, H-1B visas give you access to the global labor pool. You need that access because there may be only a few hundred of these specialists globally. IMO, the big abuse of foreign workers takes place in big enterprise environments. So bank X or government agency Y hires IGS or some other contractor to do something to some ancient COBOL application or monstrous J2EE thing. They go out and recruit from a body shop, or from IGS India if you pay extra. They justify using guest workers by submitting one of those classified ad style "compliance advertisements" in InformationWeek magazine. I've worked at places that required disclosure of employee compensation -- the body shops that specialize in filling those drone titles bill $35-45/hr, and pay the workers 40-60% less, depending on the number of subcontractor layers. A US FTE is paid $40-55/hr inclusive of benefits, and a contractor anywhere from 40-60% more. Typically the tax density per square foot is higher for middle class homes than for rentals. 100 $200k homes yield more property valuation (and thus tax) than a 100 unit trailer park that is worth $60k/ unit. That's why outside of the largest cities, there isn't much high density housing for middle class folks -- it's not price competitive. I think the issue is that large plastic objects aren't sortable or compatible with the process used in the recycling centers. Keep in mind that people do all sorts of crazy/stupid things with garbage. Things like hiding hazardous materials in the recycling. Hazardous includes biohazards (needles, medical supplies, toxic materials (mercury, reactive chemicals) and outright dangerous materials (explosives, old bullets, propane tanks). Because of this, they need to design the system to accomodate the intended waste flow -- the safety measures intended to contain the explosion of a half-empty camp stove canister is very different that what is needed to contain a 20 lb propane tank. I laughed when I read: "To me, the most serious count against Advanced Placement courses is that the AP curriculum leads to rigid stultification -- a kind of mindless genuflection to a prescribed plan of study that squelches creativity and free inquiry." I went to a big public university in the 90's. 75% of intro classes in topics covered by AP were large lectures where the professor only showed up for the first class, and attendance is graded and taken by swipe card. My high school didn't offer AP CS, so I got to sit through Computer Science 201. The class had 650 people in it, and was designed to weed out the folks who cannot grok linked lists. (CSI 301 had 150) I took AP US History, got a 5 on the exam and received 6 credits covering History 101 and 102 -- had I not done that, I would have either spent two semesters listening to some grad student powerpoint about chapters in "The American Pageant" or skipped all of the interesting upper class History classes that I was interested in. So if sitting in a lecture hall with 600 people encourages "creativity and free inquiry", I'm all for it. My experience suggests the opposite. There's nothing inherently difficult with carrying a ball over a painted line, or walking up a hill in the snow. That doesn't trivialize the difficulty of being a professional athlete or climbing Mt. Everest. The devil is always in the details. While much of the pioneering work in rocketry has been done, it isn't an irrelevant pursuit. A group of high school students can take prefabricated parts and build a pretty cool model rocket. That same team of students are not going to be capable of building an air-to-air missile. I find it amazing that the audience on HN would be trivializing a "hard" science and engineering discipline. I hate to say it, but hospitals need medical project managers. My wife had some minor complications after a C-Section. We must have recited our name, address, insurance provider, drug allergies, first pet's name, etc about 250 times during the 8 day stay. The older nurses rocked. The attending physician was someone we know well and rocked. Everyone else, from resident down to tech were not to be trusted. An incompetent tech burned my wife's arm by putting a blood pressure cuff wet with bleach. A resident waited until I went to grab breakfast to try to pressure her into a procedure that she didn't want. Physicians are always at arm's length. Nurses rule the roost in the hospital -- within each unit, there is a senior RN who is really the person managing your care. The problem is, nowadays you often move from unit to unit -- the MRI machine or w/e is an enterprise resource. So when you move from Labor & Delivery to Post-Partum, or from the ER to Imaging, etc, there needs to be some sort of liason/hand-off process between two qualified individuals. Right now that's done via clipboard and a $9/hr orderly. iSupply data estimated the low-end retina iPad margin at 37%, which is consistent with a $129 profit. Apple is of course a master at extracting more profit by market segmentation. Apple is basically the BMW of technology. The difference between a run of the mill 3-series BMW and a Honda to the average commuter is image + $10,000. The iPad yields a premium because its an iPad. I'm sure the Wall St types see a great opportunity here. Thanks to horrific governance, you have water-rich places (like the Northeast of the US) with local governments that operate on the brink of bankruptcy. At the same time, you have fifty years of massive government-subsidized buildout of suburban sprawl and industry in the South and in the desert. So instead of treating water resources as a public commons, we'll let some financiers borrow cheap money (courtesy of the Feds suppressing the interest rate market), buy up munipical water companies and rape the public for all time. Creating a system where a complex, active system is required to deliver something as essential for life as water is by its nature a problem. Also, China is the 60's was more than a failure of central planning economics, it was Maoist political stuff as well. Access to milk is a great thing, because you get the calories and many nutrients needed to sustain life, and all you need is a cow, goat or sheep (which is mobile) and pasture. Compare that to cereal crops like wheat or maize or vegetable crops, which require long uninterrupted growing seasons and irrigation. Why is this important? When a troop of rampaging soldiers cuts through your village and pillages everything in sight, you grab your cows and family and boogey out of there. Essentially, you have a mobile food supply. In the event of a drought, you have options as well. With wheat or vegetables, no rain == no food. With a dairy animal, you go kill the guy who controls the next pasture and let Old Bessie the cow feast on the grass. (The other key development was the introduction of potatoes, which remain buried under the ground safe from the rampaging army above -- my Irish ancestors subsisted on potatoes hidden from the English taxman and a cow that lived in the house.) In Europe and the Near East, these things were really important, because there was always pillaging armies marching across the continent. Today, it's unlikely that some Mongol horde is going to loot my supermarket, so I drink milk and eat cheese because they are really tasty. Natural gas and steam are pervasive in NYC. I think they are used less often because you cannot control delivery and running big gas pipes in a retrofitted building is expensive. Keep in mind that Manhattan has NEVER flooded before. The world isn't divided into "poor" and "rich". A chair for a programmer, particularly an independent one, is one of the tools that you need to work effectively. A friend of mine is an independent auto mechanic who has been in the business since he was 15 (about 20 years). He now owns a small shop, and probably nets a good "salary" similar to many IT professionals ($90-150k). Not rich, not poor. Guess what? He doesn't use a Craftsman mechanics toolkit from Sears. He has an long-term investment in high quality tools from vendors like Snap-On to the tune of $50-60k. Cheap tools would cost 1/3-1/2 that, but guess what -- a broken wrench means that he isn't working, and his time is worth $90/hour, and the high-end vendor comes to him, so he doesn't waste time in stores. As a programmer or IT type person, your brain is your primary tool, but it depends upon the working order of all of the supporting tools in your body to perform optimally. When your job involves sitting on your ass for most of the day, a proper chair is just like a $75 high quality wrench for a mechanic -- a good investment. There's an even simpler rule: The more convenient currency conversion is, the more you are getting ripped off. Because that doesn't shape consumer behavior. It also makes people focus on the "Should I get the cheap one or the better one?" question instead of the "Do I really need this thing question. Binary questions are yes/no decisions -- the purpose of marketing is to make it difficult to say no. Offering a good/better/best pricing model leads: - People with more money than sense to buy the "best" one. (I'm richie rich, I only buy the best.) - The mainstream joe consumer to buy the middle one. (Hmm, what do I really need?) - The aspiring consumer with more desire than money to pick the cheap one. (Man, if I get the 32GB I can't pay my rent, but I need this thing, and the 16GB is $100 less, plus I can finance it over 6 months for less than $100/mo!) The "enterprise" space is like this today. Enterprisey folks chase pennies. Most HN folks are living in a different universe. If you're ever in upstate NY, check out the Empire State Plaza in Albany ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Empire_State_Plaza ), which is a massive complex of government buildings designed with similar principles to the government core of Brasilia. They basically gutted the core of the city and built a million square feet of office space, connected by massive underground concourses, mazes of tunnels, and an outdoor concourse that resembles a Roman forum scaled for giant robots. I think that one of the design principles was that senior bureaucrats would never need to be exposed to outdoor air or the city they work in the middle of. Hit the garage door opener, roll into your underground parking garage, and stroll through the corridors to your office. It's literally a fifteen minute walk to get to a coffee shop on the street outside of the complex. The use-case that Glacier is intended for is long-term archival preservation. When archivists say "long-term", they are thinking decades at a minimum. When you're thinking like that, you need to ask yourself what 1TB actually means. Your USB disk the the equivalent of a VHS tape in 1980... it holds a few hours of video, but to keep the quality of the original, you need to maintain it. Will a USB drive in a safe deposit box work in 20 years? Will you have a USB3 interface handy in 20 years? Digital media is really tough to archive over long periods of time vs. paper. I worked with a US State archivist on a project, and they stuggle with the issue. They have a good handle on the papers of the colonial government from the 1600's, but have a difficult time accessing the early digital records from the 1980's. So putting stuff in glacier, and letting Amazon handle storage migration, break/fix, replication, etc for $120 per TB/year sounds like a value to me. That is a problem, but it's a problem that you have with "roll your own infrastructure" as well. Digital data isn't like paper -- archiving doesn't mean keeping tapes in a vault. You need to periodically refresh and check the integrity of the media. Amazon's service gives you an expectation that 99.999999999% of your data will survive intact on average every year. So while you need to maintain your data logically, you can set clear expectations with respect to the integrity of that data. The fact that Amazon's infrastructure may not be around in 20 years isn't especially relevant either -- neither will any maintained infrastructure. Tapes need to be refreshed, archival storage infrastructure usually ages out in a 8-12 years, and you need to do a TCO analysis each time to refresh. The other thing is that you get physical isolation. Flooding hasn't been a problem in lower Manhattan or Staten Island in recent memory. How many safe deposit boxes do you think were destroyed in those two places recently? I guess that works for this guy, but as someone in a big enterprise, I'd be really annoyed with a vendor that is venue shopping. An an outsider, you have no idea what the internal politics of the organization are. Getting blindsided because some salesman took my colleague to lunch is a great way to get a project derailed. (The conversation can shift to "how do we implement product x" instead of "how do we solve problem y") The sales teams that I've worked with for years (as opposed to the sales teams that aren't around anymore) have something in common -- they focus on building a relationship, figuring out wtf is going on, and bringing solutions to the table. Other anti-patterns: - Hyper-aggressive (ie Oracle): Their mission is to be a pain in the ass and sell your CEO a bill of goods. Your relationship is by definition adversarial. - Mistargeted (ie Dropbox): Friendly people call every now and again. They never answer my question ("Is Dropbox on a state procurement contract?"), and don't understand why the answer they don't know is important to me. - Wheeler-dealers: I ask for a product demo, we get it, followed by a cold quote for $3M for an off the shelf product. I don't respond, and get an unsolicited quote that is now $2M. I usually reply with an email that says "Not gonna happen." Remember, we're supposedly entering the "post-PC" world. How do you intend to open a WordStar document or Quattro in 2040, after 30 years of app stores and sandboxed apps? The presentation of documents are critical as well. Will complex documents created in Word 95 render properly on the iPad XXXVI in 2040? Archival file formats like PDF/A, open specification formats like OOXML and open source formats like ODF will help with this issue, but I'm sure there will be many audio and video files that will be unintelligible in 30 years. It's a little much to claim that this guy called it. The minor detail of actually conducting the polling was done by others. Ok then, mea culpa. I guess I take it for granted that anyone actually pays attention to talking heads. IMO, they have been completely useless since the OJ trial. Secrecy around compensation became widespread when anti-discrimination laws came about because it's easy fodder for complaints and lawsuits. It's pretty trivial to figure out what household income is within 10% if you know a person at all. Your privacy isn't something that employers give a hoot about. So you were miffed a few years ago, and exacted some petty revenge by rigging a multi-million dollar procurement? Sounds like you're on the wrong side of the ethical line. From a legal framework point of view, the US is there already. It probably isn't as blatantly abused. Make no mistake, if you attract the ire of an aggressive prosecutor, you can and will be charged with some sort of serious crime. http://www.amazon.com/Three-Felonies-Day-Target-Innocent/dp/... Another angle in the US is are situations where you cannot be charged with a crime, but your property can. For example, if you are travelling on an airplane with a "large" quantity of cash, the authorities can (and have) essentially "arrest" your cash via asset forfeiture. You have rights, but your property does not. Well, I suppose that after a decade or more of turning civil aviation into a awful career this was bound to happen. Airlines have successfully stripped pensions and frozen pilot wages for years. At this point, a regional jet pilot is making less than a Starbucks barista or Apple Store salesman. ( http://blogs.wsj.com/middleseat/2009/06/16/pilot-pay-want-to... ) It's the Wall Street Journal, so of course they would say that regulations are the root cause. To put it in WSJ-speak: The present situation is evidence that we have exhausted the marketplace of people willing to fly airplanes for poor pay, eroding benefits and lousy job security. Yup. Lots more blue-collar jobs with pensions. '96 was 'pre-China' for more sophisticated manufacturing. I think the answer really is that the steadily increasing cost of raw materials for soda (which remained stable in real terms for most of those 70 years) was countered by other efficiencies. For example, in 1886, 1,000 cases of coke were delivered by a bunch of coachman with a horse-driven wagon serving customers in a limited area. In 1936, 1,000 cases of coke were delivered by a much smaller number of truck drivers serving more customers in a wider area. 8 oz bottles of coke were also re-used. So the machinery used to wash those bottled became more efficient throughout those 70 years. Another key factor is alternate delivery mechanisms. At some point, soda fountains became a common and higher margin channel for selling Coke. The margins on bottles were tighter, but the bottles probably helped drive sales at the fountain. Remember that Coke the trademark owner is distinct from Coke the bottler/distributor. The Coke bottler owned the relationships with stores and restaurants, and probably had the ability to sell complimentary products (pretzels, etc) when they were dropping off the Coke order. Support the troops is hawk politician speak for... "Continue to vote for war funding, so we don't leave our soldiers in the desert." Bonds are never obsolete. My dad knew a guy whose family owned some sort of bond with a 150 year maturity. It was used to build a long-defunct racetrack in the Bronx, and is now a NYC obligation. Is cutting out coupons a little silly? Sure. But the money is quite real! People who want to avoid taxation love coupons. Have you ever worked for government? It would probably take 3 weeks for an SEC guy to have his laptop reimaged. A request for another laptop to attend the 2012 conference would probably be fulfilled in time for the 2015 conference. The IRA weren't religious radicals, they were nationalists. My grand-uncle was an IRA man starting in the 1920's, and probably supported them in some way into the 1980's. It is difficult to convey the depth of feeling that folks like my uncle felt. His father was imprisoned for writing things unfavorable to the British. His uncle was deported for sedition. His entire community was impoverished by onerous taxation and discrimination. The Taliban want to embrace a fundamentalist vision of Islamic law and institute a theocratic government. Removing foreign influences is a rallying cry, but not the core objective -- they dominated the country well after the Soviet withdrawal, and were themselves a product of foreign intervention. (Ie. Pakistan) Powerful lobbies are against a working passenger rail system. The auto industry employs something like 1/12 of the US population directly and indirectly. The airline industry is dear to the hearts of congressmen, who fly back to their districts on the taxpayer dime, and subsidize the industry in all sorts of unique ways. The US Postal Service, for example, is compelled to subsidize air service in Alaska -- random towns of 250 people get 3 flights a day in many cases. The rail business was put out of business by bitter labor disputes, subsidized highways and air travel in the 1960's. The direct Federal takeover of the industry (ie Amtrak) makes it difficult to function in a rational way, as it is subject to the whims of Congress. Amtrak is compelled, for example, to serve food on trains -- a service that loses millions of dollars annually. Certain types of requests by law only require an "administrative subpoena" -- Federal agencies basically are given the discretion by Congress to determine when they are necessary. Typically, they are used to establish facts needed to support a search warrant. For example, the police may subpoena a utility to obtain electricity usage when investigating a marijuana grower. Using that information, they can obtain phone data and eventually get a search warrant to search the physical location. There's a difference between a regulatory framework and central planning of the means of production. I think that if a bunch of smart people went into a room, they could come out with a set of core principles that are in the best interests of users of cloud IT systems, but not necessarily in the interest of the service providers. Example: Phone number portability. Before 1997, your phone number was immutably associated with your telephone company. That meant that you were stuck with cellular provider X unless you changed your number -- which is a big deal for many people. FCC regulations forced the carriers to allow portability... an act that cost them alot of money, but benefited the public good. So while government regulation can lead to extreme scenarios like a Maoist-style police state similar to what is described in the comic that you linked to, that isn't a likely scenario. Government regulation applies to the government too. The absence of principles enshrined in law and regulation regarding police access to your data has resulted in police and prosecutors obtaining broad powers to access or mine your data through the judiciary. A real issue, but lame scope. 50 is really a wall... you run into all sorts of 50-somethings who are basically wandering souls doing random consulting things after they get RIF'ed from some big corporation. It's not a phenomenon specific to Silicon Valley. But insular culture of SV is more well known, but exists anywhere there is a cluster of particular types of business. I think to the lay public, it feels like an excruciating process to announce that there is life on Mars. The way NASA communicates to the public makes it tough. If a troupe of green martians wearing tophats and kilts started doing the "Lord of the Dance" routine in front of the rover, NASA would announce "We are still awaiting test results, but we believe that the Curiosity rover may have discovered organic materials that resemble felt that resembles something that could potentially be a hat." MBA's are different than people with degrees in Sociology. They tend to hire other MBA's, and stuff organizations with fellow MBA buddies. They damage things. IMO, the problem is that these degrees give you the technical tools needed to function as a manager, but fall short in developing leadership skills -- which is bad news when companies automatically place McKinsey alums with top X MBA's in influential positions. Historically, big issues with computers are related to the supply chain... poor vendor management for power supplies, defective batches of hard disks, etc. Apple has a great supply chain, so they get dibs on the highest quality parts, etc. But, they are pushing the state of the art for manufacturing much more than they have in the past. End result: they are building difficult to repair computers. The $700 replacement of a previous gen MBP is now handing out a new, $2,500 computer from inventory at an Apple Store. Warranty replacements reduce overall store margin, which is a key KPI for retail managers. So you're creating a situation where the local store management has an incentive to provide you with poor service. When people become victims of arbitrary and capricious behavior by a company they trust, they get angry. The difference now is that consumers aren't driving PC sales -- Enterprises are. Consumers are buying tablets. That's a variant of one of the oldest scams in the book on EBay. Removing seller feedback actually fixed the issue, at least for buyers. Back in the day, the formula for an EBay sell-side scammer was to: 1 - Setup a phony account, or network of accounts. 2 - start selling small value things to each other. (Postcards, keychains, digital pictures, etc) Leave positive feedback, including nonsensical feedback (ie. My laptop works great, A++++ for a $0.99 recipie). 3 - Wait a few months for the active links to the auctions to be de-activated by EBay 4 - Start selling a dozen high-value items like laptops. Ship nothing or empty boxes. 5 - Withdraw funds asap. Now the same scheme works, but only in reverse for high-value items that have immediate cash value. Solution: Never use EBay for anything. The RIM situation was even worse than you describe. It was actually very similar to Nextel's earlier fast rise and collapse. They saw erosion in their enterprise sales, but missed the fact that the superior web browsing experience and eventually applications on the iPhone was driving folks away. They honestly thought that their keyboard was still a key differentiator that folks cared about. So they stuffed the channel in the low end of the market, and pushed the cheap text messaging of BBM as the core offering. Suddenly sketchy cell phone kiosks are pushing BlackBerries, and they became the new T-Mobile Sidekick. Just like with Nextel, that low end push tainted the brand, as thugs and drug dealers learned quickly that BBM (like DirectConnect) was initially not interceptable. The US is and will remain a manufacturing giant. What you're seeing here is a weakening dollar and need for faster iteration. You need the watch the Akira Kurosawa movie "the hidden fortress". Basically, the parts of the first Star Wars that weren't borrowed from WW2 movies were lifted from this movie. Many story elements, C3-PO/R2 and parts of the musical score are very similar. Up until 1998 or so, PCs regularly yielded 20%+ margins. I basically paid for college hocking PCs at retail 20 hours a week. Corporate sales guys made very nice livings selling PCs. If real estate development was a free market, and a true commodity, then I would agree with you. The problem is, it isn't either thing. The tax rules associated with large construction projects, plus that fact that large-scale commercial real estate is a cartel in most US markets means that the actual impact in terms of units doesn't equate to the number of units built. That's one reason why you see economic behavior that doesn't make sense on the surface -- prime urban residental property left vacant or rented out as tenament housing and big commercial properties left vacant for years. Generally speaking, today, new residential construction in urban areas is pushing affordability out to the periphery of the city, or the aging out ring of suburb outside of the city. Another issue is that location matters, and we tend to stick to desirable places in a limited area. Few people want to uproot their kids from school every few years or move away from their families and social networks. So the fact that a 3 bedroom ranch in Minneapolis costs 60% less than a 1 bedroom apartment in Queens doesn't really matter. I'd suggest you read the sections in Robert Caro's "The Power Broker" see how these kinds of shifts impacted millions of people in NYC during the 50s and 60s. > Which leads me to a more specific question: What kind of event would cause a major "correction" that would drive the gold price down (either over time, but a significant downward trend, or suddenly, like a bubble popping)? I can't really think of one. Can you? Hmm... Let's think: Strengthening of the global economy. Political crisis in China that prompted players with lots of money to flee. Government action in the US, India or China banning or restricting gold ownership or import. Accounting scandal affecting a major gold ETF. Discovery of a new, large deposit of ore. Changes in tax treatment. Changes in margin requirements for investors. There are people who are investing in gold today because the US debt situation is horrific and the economy is in a bad place -- they are rational investors. There are other people who have been predicting the fall of the monetary system since 1980, and are recommending that you orient your life toward the stockpiling of gold, and cash out your 401k for a 100% "gold IRA". Those folks are gold bugs. It has sat unmolested because you wrote a good bio about a computer security professional. It's difficult for a random Wikipedia denzien to quickly reach the conclusion that Ms. Davidson isn't notable enough. She's works for a powerful, well-known company, and is notable enough that she was asked to testify before Congress on a topic. Wikipedia gets fuzzy when you step outside the basics. Is comprehensive list of "Two and a Half Men" episodes from 2003 notable? Are the results and player profiles of the 1959 NBA draft worthy? A stub article about a village in rural Poland? In those cases, the answer is "yes", because there is a constituency for NBA fans and TV fans. When you step outside these types of topics, you are stepping off of a cliff, and wikipedians will capriciously and relentlessly enforce whatever rules they deem important. Apple engineered a process that tarnished a major iOS release, broke a key function on the iPhone as smartphone competition started heating up, prompted the departure of key leaders and basically ceded control of mapping. In exchange, they got Google to release their own maps app, which included features that Google refused to license to Apple previously, and gave Google a platform to sell ads and make money. So users get good maps + transit + turn by turn navigation at no cost. Yup, sound likes an Apple win. Personally, where I have control, I treat goals as objectives or things to strive for vs. tasks or some sort of SLA. Why? If you make goals checkboxes, you end up doing whatever is necessary to meet the minimum criteria for "done". The article used a football quarterback being given a financially backed goal of "Don't throw interceptions; if you do, you will be penalized $X". The lesson to be learned there isn't "Goals are bad". The lesson is "Don't establish dumb goals". I worked in a sales organization when I was in college that determined that selling a specific high margin add-on product was critical to the organizations success. They gave sales management the ability to cut margin on the base product to increase sales of the add-on product. My incentive was based on selling the add-on, and my boss's bonus was tied to the ratio of base-product/high-margin product. His boss was paid based on ranking of total add-on product sales vs. his peers. Guess what happened? We sold the base product at a loss, hit our KPIs, and made a bunch of money. The company did not. I think that everyone who has ambition hits this at some point. There comes a point in time where your domain knowledge lets you speak or act authoritatively with little or no preparation for most things. The natural tendency at this point is to think "Yup, I'm a just a smart mofo" and pat yourself on the back. The key to moving up the chain of expertise/etc is to transcend that tendency. Humility is a skill, because you need to be willing to leave your comfort zone and listen to people. Gun control is the easy answer. I want to know how we as a society can figure out why people get frustrated, depressed, or angry to the point that shooting up a kindergarten enters into the picture. We don't know the backstory here, but usually these events are all about someone whose life is spinning out of control for any of a dozen reasons, and either nobody has a clue that anything was wrong or everyone thought that the guy was a timebomb and did nothing. From a legal POV, that's true in many places. Getting legal access to high-performance rifles similar to military weapons is pretty trivial. Easily concealable weapons like pistols usually are more difficult to get a hold of legally. The legal environment doesn't always translate into reality. I live in a small upstate NY city where we unfortunately have lots of shootings, mostly between poor high school kids. The local drug gangs make "community guns" available in public places like parks. I would never want to own one, but for someone like me to own a handgun for target practice, there's an onerous process. I'd be required to get training, get background checked and go through a permit application process. After that's done, it's up to a county court judge's discretion, and in this county, the answer is usually "No." The key difference is that the author is a CEO. His job is setting direction and talking to people. In any organization that I've worked in the CEO/Managing Director/Commissioner is a person who spends 6-10 hours a day in meetings. Talking to customers, internal stakeholders, random external people, the board, etc. I couldn't imagine doing that work over email. I think we're coming from the same place here. Modern society seems to be good at creating situations where people feel powerless or like lashing out. The offender obviously makes an awful choice, but maybe we should think about how to make things so that society isn't so brutal? I say that gun control is the "easy" answer because it is a response to a specific event. That doesn't mean that I think that gun control is "bad". I'm just saying that the underlying issue that leads people to do awful things has other negative (but not as horrific) effects too. As an unrelated illustration, the 14 year old inner city kid walking around with a gun or knife feels miserable and powerless. The weapon makes him feel empowered, but in a negative way -- if he grows up that way, that's going to leave him vulnerable to substance abuse and that mindset will be passed on to his kids and his social circle too. I have a bunch of family/friends who are from NYC. My family left when I was about 10 years old. New York City is a great place to live... until it isn't. I define living in NYC as actually living in NYC. What tends to happen is that you get married and have kids. At that point, the random things that happen when you live in a city shift from "quirky" to scary. Maybe its your car getting broken into. Or the incessant noise of "Mr Softie" in the summer or fire trucks year round. Or your kid's bike getting stolen. Or paying $7 to go over a bridge. Or being packed in a tight subway car. Or your kid walking to school. Or when your kid gets older, taking the bus and subway to school. While you're going through that, half of your friends have moved to the suburbs. Your kid's cousins in Long Island go to schools with olympic pools that hand out iPads. They have a big backyard and idyllic quiet. So eventually, most people relent and find themselves with a 90 minute commute to a cul de sac somewhere. Parents freak when their 14 year old runs into some pervert on the train. As for mr softie: http://m.youtube.com/#/watch?v=bDXL90KXPHQ&desktop_uri=%... Ars Technica had a few good articles a couple of years back discussing how the wired telco/cable networks developed. Cable companies all started as co-op type entities that eventually gobbled up the smaller players. IMO, ISPs and Telcos are natural monopolies that need to either be periodically broken up by the government, or be fully regulated like a public utility. The cost of monopoly should be external control of pricing and operating parameters. You made the point yourself -- they smart small and grow with revenues over time. Eventually the market runs out of growth, so you see consolidation. US cable companies started out as small cooperatives that served individual neighborhoods without good over the air signal and grew into behemoths. The old US Bell telephone system was formed after waves of consolidation of small telephone companies serving a city or town. The current US cellular market is the same story -- lots of little companies getting eaten up by bigger companies. Post-Soviet Russia has only been around for a couple of decades. I'm sure that you will see consolidation as time goes on -- there are absolutely economies of scale to be had when operating networks. The Amazon pricing is similar to chargeback models in large enterprises. Actually it's cheaper, because big enterprises typically require the you use SAN at $5-15 per GB/mo. The article is specifically talking about small, mom and pop places -- in these cases, calling the hotel is almost always the best thing to do. For your average Marriott, Hilton, etc, I agree with you, calling the hotel directly isn't going to do much for you unless there is some special circumstance. The email thing is a great idea IMO, first.last is great until you grow and the second and third John Smith start working for your company. Then you run into the "Who is John.Smith3@example.com"? issue. Your email system has a directory, use it and let the employees determine their address. The "just take vacation whenever" thing works great until it doesn't. What do you do when: - You have burnt out people who won't take vacation. - Employee X has a husband with a terrible medical condition who is taking off excessive amounts of time. When do you stop paying her for this time? - Employee Y crosses the invisible line and becomes a "slacker" because he takes too much time. - Supervisor Z makes it difficult for employees to take anything more than a long weekend. - Employee ZZ takes on reconciling the credit cards that everyone has access to, and uses this position to embezzle from the company. He's always busy, so doesn't take time off, and nobody else looks at the statements. IMO, the issue to the company is that you don't want to accrue lots of liability for paying out accrued time. So figure out another way to do that. Want to make people happy? Give them 6 weeks of PTO, minimize accruals, and do a year-end shutdown that forces them to burn a week. Start with some sort of written policy -- people need to understand what they can and cannot do. Tax data is protected by Federal law and regulation. It's pretty secure. DMV data, on the other hand, is for sale in most states, and is exchanged with other states and in some cases Canadian provincial entities as well. Telemarketers, marketing firms, etc all buy your personal information and registration data from the DMV, often getting it in near real time. The issue with posting the maps is that it can put people at risk. If you're a bad guy, you can use this sort of information to find victims. Get a list of people with guns and cross-reference it with professions where the cash-based nature of the business makes it likely that folks have unreported money that can't be deposited in the bank. People who own laundries, tradesmen, jewelers, etc. This sort of thing happened in my town in the 80's. Someone broke into a locksmith shop and took records of safe installations and re-keying. There were a number of subsequent burglaries of home safes owned by people with jewelry industry ties that went unreported until someone was assaulted when they interrupted a robbery. This is especially an issue in a NYC or other places where handgun registration is a really onerous process. If you made a FOIL request and also asked for the type of handgun permit (target, carry, concealed carry, etc), it would be an even bigger personal safety risk. Given the fact that most of these things are done in near-total secrecy, how can you be sure that the "systemic overcollection" concern is what you say it is? And what is a "purely domestic" communication in this context? Is this message board a domestic communication? A telephone call? A telephone call to a foreign national living in the US? I have no idea. How would I prove that it is or isn't? I'm not some sort of paranoid that thinks that the government is out to get me. I do know that for routine criminal matters, the Federal government has incredibly broad and effective police powers, even with court oversight. Pre-9/11, the government was already able to gather lots of actionable information about the threat our nation was about to face (and fumbled the ball). So I'm not convinced that all of this secrecy and lack of accountability is buying me anything as a citizen. Frankly, I'm concerned that by mindlessly gathering vast swaths of data, it will become exponentially more difficult to extract signal from the noise. The article is spot on re: poor placement resulting in worthless clicks. I've clicked on several useless advertisements, particularly on newspaper sites due to floating banners, banners stuck next to the site navigation, etc. The irrelevance of newspaper-site ads is always striking -- particularly when Ghostery shows something like 18 tracking cookies on my local paper's site. My son (11 mos) racks up some significant clicks on a few apps that we play with (a virtual bongo drum, etc) because he lacks the motor skills, and the ad is placed adjacent to the playing surface. Everyone these days seems to forget the core value proposition of AdWords back in the day -- they offered relevant, unobtrusive text based ads in the heyday of flash-based "punch the money" and pop-under "x10 camera" ad campaigns. Google always gave a hoot about the desktop user experience early on. In my experience, this usually happens with high-demand cars that are hard for the dealer to get or brands with a limited area presence. VW has 2 dealers in my region. Want a TDI Jetta with a manual transmission? Let the games begin -- they get 3 a month and the sales manager won't let it out the door for a good price. Toyota used to have supply constraints for certain Camry models (some trims were made in Japan exclusively a few years ago). Want one of those? Good luck -- my dad had the guy demand a deposit to be on a waiting list, or take a lousy deal on one of the other trims. Another thing that happens is that dealers need to trade with other dealers for specific cars. Sometimes these deals fall through, and the dealer who promised you a car is actually being honest -- he doesn't have it for reasons out of his control. They are similar. My trepidation with LXC would be from a documentation POV... Jails are very much known quantities, while LXC is newer, not known for great docs, and thus is probably easier to screw up. See this HN thread for more discussion: http://news.ycombinator.com/item?id=4015172 House bills that propose dumb or futile things and subsequently go nowhere are really common -- that two year term means that you need to show voters and donors that you mean business. Tilting at some windmill that matters to the folks at home is like a public affirmation that declares a Congressman worthy of endorsement. (ie. police unions probably care about FBI endorsed bills) Sure. People find symmetric faces to be more attractive. A person's physical appearance goes beyond the face. Body shape, fitness levels, etc are all factors in attractiveness, and those preferences have changed over the years, and vary significantly by population. The 19th century Victorian ideal didn't do much for a farm wife of the era. White collars crime carrys many stigma and long term consequences. In many states, you lose your voting rights. You lose your right to own a firearm, hold elected office, and serve in a jury, sometimes permanently. You may lose your ability to practice certain professions. In some states, the state has the ability to restore your civil rights after a Federal felony conviction via pardon or other procedure. Other states will only recognize a Federal pardon issued by the president. Still others will not restore certain rights in ANY circumstance; New York for example profits a pardoned convicted felon from ever owning a firearm. It's complicated because that complexity serves the interests of the ridiculous factions in congress and state legislatures and the interests of the sprawling "justice" system. Google "Joe Bruno prosecution". Mr. Bruno is a former NY Senate leader who probably acted in a manner most people would describe as corrupt. But after a 6 year, multi-million dollar investigation, the Federal prosecutors didn't charge him with accepting bribes (although they leaked to the press that he did that), they charged him with something like 15 charges of failing to provide "honest services". He was convicted of one count, which was subsequently thrown out of the US Supreme Court. Now, a few years later, they are charging him again for some other related charge, a charge that may be thrown out on appeal on double jeopardy grounds if he loses. The objective is basically to bankrupt the man, who is in his mid-80s. Most all white collar crime can be summed up with a few high even charges: fraud, theft, embezzlement, submitting a false instrument. We should be getting rid of dumb laws that rig the process for the prosecution (ie. lying to a federal official as a felony act ala Martha Stewart) and judges should be sanctioning (ie. fining) prosecutors who do things like dump 300,000 pages of shit on the defense team. No. This lifestyle is basically a scheme to trick yourself into believing that you're still living the youthful college dream. Do you want your kids to grow up in hotels and short-term rentals, never having been in one place for too long? If the answer is "sure", talk to people who grew up in military families who were shipped all over the world -- it's not fun. If the idea is that you're going to travel, and the family stays put, understand that the cost is that you won't have a family at some point. Road-warrior consultants generally aren't the happiest people. I like it with Outlook 2013 -- there's a built-in plugin that basically looks up people that you communicate with on Linkedin. I find it handy as I meet with alot of people, and I get a picture and brief bio, and I get you see who they've "linked to" recently. Before that, I found it to be completely useless -- sort of like a grown-up version of baseball cards... you collect people for unknown reasons. The ones who liked their fingers found the army improvised munitions handbook. Doing that is probably fine for 80% of applications. Even internally, we have a few crusty applications that have been running in virtual environments since sometime around 2006 without any modifications other than security patching and VM migration as the underlying hardware is refreshed. That said, if you have a real business requirement for a system that's expected to sit and spin for a decade without care and feeding, that's different. You probably want to use physical hardware that is going to be static OR use a PaaS where the provider in obliged to support your app in it's as-is state for the time that it needs to exist. In the olden days, companies that provided things like accounting and billing solutions to SMBs and vertical markets (doctors, auto dealers, etc) would put it on an AS/400 or HP 9000 that was reliable and would phone home to call a tech in to replace failed components. Dude, its nursery school. You need to understand that US Attorney is a stepping-stone job, especially if she is very vocal in her role. Ego-maniacs like Rudy Giuliani use it to bypass the normal political machinery to get a mayorship, congressional post or cabinet/justice appointment. Others use it as a path to the ultimate job -- lifetime prestige and employment as a Federal judge. "Naming and shaming" gives her name recognition and boosts her credentials as "tough". Any publicity is good publicity for a politician. Instead, you and your friends should be asking the Senators and Governor of Massachusetts (aka the gatekeepers to this person's career path) why someone who demonstrates such contempt for the concept of justice is representing the United States government. You should ask President Obama and the Attorney General why their administration tolerates that contempt. If you want the law changed, you need to attack those who are perpetrating injustice. The problem with Dell is that they were a great manufacturing company that decided to stop making stuff and turn into a mini IBM. In reality, Apple in the computer space is just like Dell circa 1998. They have a small number of models, tiny supply chain and combination of BTO and well thought out base models. Apple has its own challenges... They need to preserve margin while the price of mobile devices collapses to near zero -- a circumstance that is great for cloud services companies like Google, but not so much for folks selling hardware. Procurement people in enterprises don't care about build quality... They want to shave as many pennies as possible. Where I work, the people in the field are refusing new laptops because they get some awful 1366x900 screen that makes it hard to work. They would rather have an ipad with VDI. I agree that Dell can make good stuff. The problem is, Apple has 21 computer SKUs. Their entire education/government price list is only 14 pages long, and that includes iOS devices and accessories. http://images.apple.com/education/pricelists/pdfs/20121023_e... Dell has easily 200 computer SKUs, and a 150+ page pricelist. It matters because Apple, even though they have relatively small market share, has incredible economies of scale. Dell needs a bigger supply chain, more inventory, more people and other overheads to build, market and service all of these different devices. Profitability and quality suffer. Also, because Apple buys in such quantities, they get to beat up suppliers and get more commitments from them. So while Dell's outsourcing partner needs to figure out how to substitute Motherboard Y for Motherboard X when vendor X can't meet delivery deadlines, Apple's partners just keep stamping out more. I tend to agree with you, as most folks would. But perhaps this approach is being driven by the "Chrome as Operating System" approach and the Chromebook. Google is a big enough company that the thought process is being driven the by internal needs and wants, not necessarily by what the rest of the universe is doing. Wow. I'm surprised that Rep. Israel beat Sen. Schumer... Usually he wins the race for getting this type of vapid thing out on a weekly basis. NYC is different because you can live an urban lifestyle without living in Manhattan at significantly lower cost. You can do this by living in Brookyln or Queens or even Jersey. When the urban thing gets old, there are plenty of detached single family neighborhoods in the city, early 20th century inner suburbs, or you can flee to the suburbs. I've only been to California a couple of times to visit, but it seemed to me that everything is "newer" than your typical east coast city, and there's an immediate transition from urban environment to 1960+ suburbia. You don't blow your money on expensive vacations and new cars. Don't pay retail. My wife and I are in our mid 30's, put away about 15% of our income and have defined benefit pensions that we contribute 7% into. It's totally doable. Last year we spent two weeks in Hilton Head and paid about $80/night, we drove from New York to save about 80% vs. flights/car rental. We live in the city we work in and I commute via bus. It's also totally worth it. We're living we'll now, and will be able to retire in our late 50's with a paid off house. I will not be the guy in his mid 60s trying to hang on to his job. NY is a funny animal when it comes to roads. Upstate, the thruway, state highways, and interstates are pretty good. The State and Feds fund this. County roads often suck because the counties are broke for a variety of reasons. City streets are awful because the state doesn't provide any aid -- although "towns" (some of which are bigger than cities) do. The other thing is related to NY being ahead of the curve on highway construction. Many of the "expressways" and "parkways" in the NYC metro area are ineligible for federal highway funds because they connect toll bridges, but don't receive any toll money. Massachusetts has a road system designed by masochists who didn't drive. No amount of money could fix it. With asset forfeiture, in effect your property is arrested, and property does not have civil rights. One well known case in the early 90's was an old black gentlemen who owned a plant nursery, and was detained at an airport for the crime of being black and in possession of $30,000. I think the story was featured on 60 Minutes and the NY Times. The guy was the son of a sharecropper, was illiterate, did not use checks or credit cards. He had flown from his home to Texas every year with a bag of money to buy plants to ship north to sell after becoming too old to drive. He wasn't committing a crime, so he wasn't arrested -- but his money was kept as it was considered suspicious by the Federal authorities. It was a catch-22 situation, as litigating against the Feds will cost alot more than $30k. The conduct of the war in Vietnam makes it easy to laugh at the notion of "containment", but it made a lot of sense to a generation who had just witnessed the slaughter of WW2. The Soviets had no warm water ports on the Pacific, and Vietnam was smack the the middle of key US allies and strategic trade routes for rubber and oil. It was a strategic place. That said. This isn't an excuse for the insanity of US policy in Vietnam from 1945 onwards. The Constitution specifically gives congress the power to regulate copyright. It makes sense for it be that way, as allowing States to meddle with copyright would create chaos and barriers to commerce. Kidnapping is a Federal offense when there is a reasonable expectation that the criminal will cross state lines. Bank robbery is a Federal matter because the robber is defrauding the FDIC, who insures the deposits. The law was originally written with printed material in mind. In those days, it's obvious that someone going to the trouble of setting up a printing press to duplicate a book or pamphlet was infringing copyright on a "commercial scale" -- which is where you cross the line from civil to criminal liability. Digital media has been a grey area. RIAA/MPAA sits on one extreme, and the "information wants to be free" crowd is on the other. Today, I think that there is a consensus that a private citizen downloading a copy of a copyrighted work isn't a crime in most cases. The grey area is around distribution. Is somebody seeding a torrent committing a crime? Most people would think no, if they think yes, not to the extent that it is worth prosecuting. Is someone sourcing and distributing unlicensed material at a reasonably high scale, branding it with a distintive mark (IMAGINE) committing a crime? The Feds think so. I gave those examples as polar extremes. RIAA's initial, extreme, position in 1997 was that you will pay $25 for a CD or $5 for a single (with selection limited by the publisher), period. Time passed, and now you have a broader array of choices (iTunes pay for a perpetual license, the Spotify-style subscription model, etc). It depends on your point of view. If I paid a sports league millions of dollars for the right to broadcast a game, and you decided that you would take my broadcast and re-broadcast it for free, you are damaging me to the tune of millions of dollars -- dollars that you cannot possibly repay. Technology is key here, because it lowered the barriers to reproducing content. Printing a pamphlet in 1850 was a big deal -- you needed a printing press and specialized workers. Today, you need 5 minutes and a $50 printer. Same story with vinyl records, or projector film. At the end of the day, the answer lies somewhere in the middle. If I were King, I'd say that copyright holders are entitled to fair compensation, but in return for that compensation, society is entitled to have things enter the public domain in a reasonable period of time as well. The funny thing about Kunstler is that he lived in a fairly livable small city/bedroom community with good public spaces (Saratoga Springs, NY) and moved to a gentleman's farm out in the countryside. Many people reach a point in life where they want to live somewhere with a slower pace of life and less disturbance than the city. That's why suburbs exist. It depends on your lifestyle IMO. Where I grew up, in the country, about 50% of the people had something to do with the community that they lived in. The other half were people living in the ex-urbs, commuting to the state capital an hour away or some other place. A 5 acre lot ex-urb is the same as a half-acre suburb, just a bigger lot and bigger lawn mower. The "city", even low-density parts of a city with say 50x100 lots and detached housing is different. You interact with your neighbors (for better or for worse), share public utilities and your kids walk to a bus stop or walk to school vs. get picked up at the door. Most people are exposed to Java via enterprise monstrosities. It depends on your POV. I've had to deal with an enterprise Java crapware app that was essentially a terminal emulator for an old mainframe... except that it required more than 4GB of memory on the desktop to work appropriately. The mainframe itself has 2GB of RAM. Sounds like you work at a horrible place and are a little naive. No group of 100 people is going to naturally just take care of themselves. A hierarchy will develop, and folks will take on management roles on an adhoc basis. Managers should be working at a level of abstraction up from the folks doing the work. Usually in a big project, folks end up specializing on a specific area and have a hard time grasping the "big picture" in their heads. As one of those useless manager people, I'd say that my job is about understanding what's going on, course-correcting when what's happening isn't consistent with what we need to do, and figuring out how to get more productivity out of folks. As a "technical" manager, I stay close enough to understand what is happening, but don't do alot of hands on anymore. When things are good, 80% of my job is keeping BS away from the folks I'm responsible for. When things are not so good, it's all about triage and finding solutions to whatever is wrong. "Direct Access Storage Device"... The fancy mainframe term for a hard disk. Datamation was an ancient industry rag the went online in the 90's. There isn't a consensus definition of "assault rifle". Some laws or proposed laws say a pistol grip and box magazine == "assault rifle". Most gun people would call a rifle that looks like an M-16, AK-47 or FN an assault rifle. No private citizen can buy a machine gun today. The dirty secret of the whole gun control thing is that most of the issues associated with people stockpiling weapons and smuggling pistols were dealt with in 1934 via an excise tax. Basically, any short rifle and some pistols were subject to a $200 tax ($3400 today). Instead of blanket bans, the law defined classes of weapons and taxed them out of the market. Think about Palm vs. Apple. People running companies turn to empathy when they are at a disadvantage. Is it illegal to unlock your phone in France? Bell Systems phones ("telephonic instruments") were owned by the Bell System, not by you. You were prohibited from modifying it in any way. That included moving the phone from room to room or attaching any kind of accessory to the phone. That's a great point -- in reality, alot of the systematic injustices baked into the system are measures taken to deal with the sea of drug cases that clog the courts. IMO, survey results like that are often indicative of a bad survey question, or a survey question hunting for a desired outcome. Often you'll see a question like: "Are you better, worse, or about average at doing multiple tasks at the same time?" Writing the question that way is letting the person answering the question set the scope. Average of what? The general population? Quantum physicists? Secretaries? Nursing home residents? Peers? It's not a postal thing, I believe it's common law. If someone ships you something unsolicited, you are under no obligation to return the item or make payment. There's a difference between "blue collar" and a crappy service sector job. The blue collar person in many settings makes a decent wage and has alot of autonomy. A substantial number of NCOs in the Army have Masters degrees. HVAC guys often have BAs with substantial industry certifications. The person with a $250k MFA folding sweaters at the Gap for $8.50 an hour or the person with a law degree working as a bank teller are basically a rung up from casual labor with no career path. > Both stop and frisk as well as the bag searches on the subway do not pass even a cursory constitutionality examination, but that doesn't seem to bother anyone. Correction: "s/anyone./white people, and we don't pay much attention to whining from those other people./" The point of this was that the cops were supposed to stop and talk to people (685,724 in 2011) and frisk those if the officer is reasonably suspicious that the person has a weapon that could harm the officer (381,948 in 2011). Of those, 7,257 have a weapon. Have you ever been interrogated by a policeman? Should you be put in that position every day? See: http://www.nyclu.org/news/new-nyclu-report-finds-nypd-stop-a... Revolt == old people leave. Generally speaking, you don't want creative processes for the construction of overpasses, highways, and building construction. You want something that is structurally sound, safe for the application in question, and of a design suitable to being bid on by multiple contractors. A smart move would be waiting for the NTSB report instead if assuming that you can divine what is happening with a minimal set of facts. I've had my share of "experts" opine on their imagine root causes of problems based on whatever bullshit they made up while the incident response folks were figuring it out using real data. The problem is, the folks figuring this out aren't talking, because they aren't done. So now a bunch of people will remember what Elon Musk said, and the whole process is tainted. IMO, good PR is talking about how your company implemented battery technology in a safe way. Not this. You should let prosecutors know this. Evil use of iPhones is probably a felony. It really depends. Many people, especially poor folks, don't do obituaries, because they can be expensive. Original death certificates are always in high demand, and people tend to not realize that they need dozens of them -- proving to a teacher that grandma died is low priority. There are other cultural factors as well. Some religions call for immediate burial, so publication of the obituary will likely lag the student's absence. Another factor to consider is that fall exam times line up with the holiday season, which also happens to be a time of the year when death rates spike. Given all of the other accommodations that colleges give students, I don't see the big deal here. When I was in school, I was able to get incompletes to finish coursework or take exams late for various reasons. I had friends who got ADD diagnoses from doc-in-the-box places because they found taking exams in lecture centers with tiny desks impossible to deal with. If a C student gets an extra 3 days to study, the outcome is likely the same as it would have been. In your office, SkyDrive is SharePoint. Becoming an ISP is pretty trivial, even in a regulatory nightmare place like NY. What is impossible is stringing your fiber on the utility rights of way. In most places in the US the telephone poles and utility conduits are generally owned by the telephone or electric company. You need to lease pole space from them, and those leases aren't cheap. There have been several municipal WiFi initiatives that got alot of press, but later died because they couldn't afford to rent the pole access. In higher-density areas, there are alternatives. For example, in Albany, NY a small telco provider worked with the city to provide municipal wifi and public safety networking using traffic lights, city buildings, and streetlights (which are owned by the city). The problem with that model is that you get good coverage in central business districts and avenues, but nothing on residential blocks. You have duopolies because the Bell System was the one and only phone company, and the Feds have basically allowed SBC/AT&T and Verizon to bring that back. Phone companies didn't "get" IP networks in the 90's and early 2000's, and decided to just milk the aging out POTS network as long as possible and ask for government handouts later. Cable companies evolved differently from community co-ops (Ars Technica has a few good stories about this) and tend to operate in a model where they get a franchise agreement that gives them a monopoly in a city or town. So now you have highly regulated, dumb telcos and lesser regulated cable companies who negotiate sweetheart deals with dumb municipal governments. The only disruption that I see in Enterprise sales is that consolidation of functions and growth in the big enterprise software suites is wiping out whole categories of product. Microsoft is ahead of the curve on this. How can you justify buying Altiris when you own SCCM via the Core CAL? Ditto for AV, although the MS solution is not that great. How do you justify some enterprise monitoring suite for some wacky prcice when you license system center for $2k per VM host? People who think they are disrupting spending in the enterprise on on crack. You're in an era of belt-tightening, and the belt gets tighter every time there's a "fiscal cliff" or some other looming nightmare. My director circa 2003 could drop $500k with a few days notice. Now, the procurement people watch any purchase like a hawk -- some places want ROI calculations on toner! Salesforce is a another great example. I met them last week, they very much looked and sounded like enterprise sales folk. The only thing "radical" about them is that they are competing against other software vendors AND your incumbent hardware and data center / network providers. If you buy Siebel, you need to deal with Oracle's bullshit for the software and the services to make it work, AND you need to land infrastructure to run it at full capacity on day 1. These changes are radical in that they make procuring and getting value easier, and lower the probability of seven figure shelf ware. But they don't change the sales process... You still have a salesperson and supporting team. The blog post is worse than useless. The images give you as a user a sense of situational awareness -- I know based on the picture which of a half dozen accounts I have (personal, Ira, business, etc) I'm logging into. They also make it more difficult to misdirect people to a lookalike site via phishing. Even old people recognize that their login picture, normally prominently displayed, is missing. Is even worse in NY -- quotas are illegal, yet they exist. But there is no record of what quotas are assigned to a given detail of officers. If you are getting voicemail on an iPhone, you're using data. The arguments here don't make sense -- you can buy a prepaid AT&T phone for $30 or less at any drugstore, target or wal-mart. It is complex, but it's easy to game the costs to make Microsoft look more expensive than it actually is. If you look at list pricing or in the US (I imagine Germany has something similar) government pricing, you can spec everything with the highest cost "Select" pricing, (which is fixed cost) or other schemes which will be higher. If you compute the cost over 5 years and want Microsoft to look bad, you spec things with non-transferrable OEM pricing for servers and other products. You buy Windows server in the "Standard" edition and use VMware. If you want Microsoft to look "good", you spec the pricing based on 3 year enterprise agreements with platform discounts. (Platform discounts are incentives to license Windows, Core CAL and Office together). With an enterprise agreement, you amortize the license cost over 3 years, and pay only maintenance year 4 and 5 (typically 20-25% of the initial annual cost), so you can make the Microsoft TCO much better. On the server side, you buy Windows Datacenter and System Center, and use Hyper-V. Both approaches are truthful, but will yield vastly different results and will be accurate if you follow through. The tough part about Linux/OSS vs Microsoft, especially for user-facing stuff, is that many of the costs are people costs, and can be harder to predict. The other difference is that North Korea is a Chinese buffer state and is explicitly enabled by the Chinese for their own purposes. The danger is that nobody really understands the power structure within the DPRK, if Kim or some crazy military faction decides that they can act unilaterally, anything can happen. The Iranians at the end of the day are playing the 21st century version "the great game". They have strategic goals, and they aren't a 1984-style totalitarian state. I think this guy is right. Although a bigger problem is that PGP is available in two flavors: free and very expensive. The problem with GnuPG IMO is that real obvious use cases (healthcare) are out of bounds because it isn't FIPS certified and isn't usable by mortals. Having an implementation similar to OpenSSL with an API, and use case that attracted organization willing to sponsor FIPS validation would be a big step forward. Your doctor could securely send you test results. Your credit card company could send your bill directly. Consider: The #1 solution for email encryption in hospitals/healthcare is Zix. This is sad -- their solution amounts to attempting to transmit an email via SSL, and falling back to sending you a link to a webpage. Cheesy. Unfortunately, that's not the way things are, and usage of PGP are generally limited to security professionals, paranoids, and crypto geeks. There's a difference. Microsoft is doing malware scanning, which does mean they access message content, but not in a way that is meaningful to privacy. Google is scanning and indexing your material. They are using that index to build a dossier on you, and they are measuring the accuracy of that dossier by evaluating your responses to ads and content fed to you. I use applications every day that leverage OpenSSL libraries, and would have no idea unless I felt obliged to find out. That's the whole point. GPG is an in your face security product. I've used GPG for years and love it. But even I have to jump through hoops that are not trivial to deal with -- I use GPG smartcards for a few applications, and while its great when it works, it often doesn't. I can't use it on OSX 10.8 right now, for example. They do, but large companies are no longer investing in the Wintel PC + Windows. Windows 8 trepedation will put the nail in the coffin, as Enterprise IT is afraid of Windows 8, and the key new PC form factors (Ultrabook, Tablet) are going to require it. So companies are looking at landing Windows 7 in Citrix and VMWare VDI environments. This is scary for Microsoft, as both companies are looking at breaking up the Windows platform into layers, and injecting their own platform tools. Microsoft needs a landing place for Office that isn't completely controlled by VMWare/Citrix, which is the true cash cow now that the OS is becoming commoditized. So they are finally investing in VDI with Server 2012, and supporting Office via HTTP and alternate platforms. If you think about 1983 vs. 2013, VDI is the green screen, and tablets are the PCs. That's the printing/minting cost of conventional currency. To have "inherent" or "intrinsic" value means that the actual material has marketable value. For a US dollar coin, if you melted it down, the copper, maganese, nickel and zinc is worth about $0.06. The value of the paper of a US dollar is a fraction of a penny for recycling purposes. A bitcoin is more like paper currency -- it has no intrinsic value. But because of the predetermined control of new coin production, it will display characteristics similar to silver or gold coinage. Those characteristics include something that nobody talks about -- the "discovery" of new coins. There are likely large dark pools of bitcoin that the initial adopters generated very cheaply. Dumping those pools on the market will have similar effects that gold rushes had. Excessive use of X-rays and CT exposure have been linked to increased cancers, especially in occupational contexts. That's why there are safety protocols when you get an x-ray. I'm sure the safety standards at a shoe store were less than robust. How enlightened of you. Why don't you go ask skilled textile workers or industrial workers like machinists or welders what they think about the issue? You can find them at McDonalds. I understand your point of view, but I'm not sure why I should share it. The circumstances of my birth meant that my parents, my children and I live a wonderful, comfortable life. Why shouldn't I want to protect that? I want my son's children to have better opportunity than I have. And, why should I want to enable some corporation to make a fortune by chipping my neighbor's prosperity away? At the end of the day, the savings associated with labor arbitrage mostly beef up the party line. Shoes cost just as much as they did before production was shipped off to China. So does software. Call me a decadent, unethical and plain awful person, but I align myself with my family's best interests. Simple. I go to the GP and complain about my chronic backaches. Physical therapy doesn't work, so I need to talk to a neurosurgeon, whose time is worth about $500/hr. After getting an MRI for $1,000 and paying a radiologist $1,250 to interpret it, it turns out that one of my disks are ruptured, and I am going to require a spinal fusion. That's a 6-hour surgery that costs about $100k. I make $50k per year. Now what? Do I bankrupt my family, or persevere until I'm rendered paralyzed and on the dole, or buy insurance to cover this sort of event? The slumlord business model works because he's raking in guaranteed payments from the government (60-75% of those apartments are directly subsidized), and he doesn't give a shit about the buildings. So his liability is basically limited to shoring the place up enough so that the Social Services/Public Housing people will continue writing checks, and covering the costs of emergency demolition when the house burns or falls in. Supply and demand doesn't work out too well when the consumer has no bargaining power. If I'm buying a car, I can walk away if I don't agree with the terms. How does the guy with the broken back do that? If I am an unconscious or legally incompetent person in the ICU make a rational economic decision about their course of treatment? The rest of New York took that approach. It sucks. I live upstate, and pay about 2.5% of my home's value in taxes. Every time they give the cops another 5% raise, it has an immediate, measurable impact on my homes value. For older people, it makes it very difficult for them to live without assistance. Income tax is a far more just system. Poor and elderly people pay almost nothing, and everyone else contributes regardless of whether they own property. If you live in the Northeast, its a big deal. Give me a Prius or Volt any day. 5) The Chinese don't have a reason to allow North Korea to flatten Seoul. Huh? Have you ever heard of the Soviet Union? The US had a brigade of soldiers stationed in West Berlin whose survival time was ~72 hours in the event of hostilities with the Soviets. We almost went to war multiple times over things like geese flying over radars. Both the US and Soviets played little games like parking ballistic missiles in Turkey and Cuba to measure the reaction. Iran has the ability to control the Straight of Hormuz. Iraq had the ability to harass shipping traffic in the Gulf. That waterway is far more important to the US (and Japan, and to a lesser extent, China) than Paris, London and Berlin. Another point that I forgot to mention is that states like New York are rapacious about the collection of income tax. Setting foot within the boundaries of New York State or New York City is a taxable event for the average absentee billionaires. Example: http://www.akerman.com/documents/res.asp?id=1089 I would be more worried about things like personnel complaints, or matters that I ignorant of, but was "informed" via email. Although explicitly making everything public is a novel way to keep bad behavior at bay. What is the replacement for Excel on iOS? Applying the "death of the PC" mantra to all things gets old. Things like multi-tasking, having access to a filesystem, embedding different types of documents is a "feature" that is really useful to people doing actual work. One of my duties a couple of years ago was doing budgeting and rate-setting for a $50M IT business. A rich spreadsheet like Excel was an essential part of the that process, and there is no replacement platform out there that is going to replace that category of app. (You may be able substitute LibreOffice or something.) That is not spreadsheet risk, it's business process risk. You address risk by applying controls. My old boss was a former labor statistician. His job 40 years ago was basically producing reports by having sets of data tabulated (aka "sending a job to a pool of people with big mechanical calculators") analyzing the data, and sending it somewhere else to be compiled into some report that was shipped to various places. They had people randomly sampling calculations for key or other errors. Other people were sampling the quality of his analysis and yet others were proofreading and double-checking the material prepared for print for typographical errors. The problem there was that building that process required thousands of people and a very rigid procedural setup to ensure consistency. Computers changed all of that, and ultimately, all of that checking and re-checking was replaced by Excel. But that doesn't mean that you don't but a process around financial activities. You still need checks and balances. All of these banks made decisions that speed to market for trading was worth the "risk" -- in this case that incompetent or malevolent traders can potentially put the bank out of business. The management accepts this risk because they don't bear ANY downside risk, as the bank is ineffectively regulated corporation. In the days when investment houses were partnerships, there were much tighter controls, as failure of the firm would bankrupt the partners. Blaming Excel for this is absurd. People trust authority. IIRC, the WTC building occupants were told to stay put initially. Many folks listened to that. For better or for worse, I assume that incident management folks are full of shit when they say things like that, so I boogey asap. I've been in office buildings where the fire alarms didn't sound properly and announcements came over the PA saying something like: "The roof is on fire, do not be alarmed and do not evacuate at this time." Microsoft existed in the PDA space to keep Palm from growing. Lets face it, the secret sauce to smartphones from a technology POV is the web and web services. Microsoft had disbanded its IE team after the release of IE6, and thought that they had put the Internet problem to bed. Keep in mind that it's an answer to the question "Why don't we program in assembly?" Computer Science majors should be familiar with how compilers work and the theory behind them. But the answer to the question is that for 99% of cases, using a higher-level language and leaving the optimization to a compiler written by subject matter experts makes sense. (ie. Don't re-invent the wheel.) Electrical generation and distribution is a tough business. Places where you have generation capacity aren't necessarily accessible via the transmission network. So if NYC isn't using power, you can't just send it to Cleveland. Sometimes, you have a certain amount of "fixed" generation capacity that you must use, or must commit to taking offline for days before restarting. 80% of your power may come from a few big, centralized, cheap power plants (nukes, big hydro, coal) and a bunch of geographically dispersed, small, more expensive plants that you spin up to meet peak demands. (natural gas, small hydro) Utilities sign contracts with big industrial users who have steady-state energy demands to ensure that they have a place to send lots of power to. They also have contracts that when peak demand is reached, the industrial customers shut down lines in exchange for discounts. (I worked at a place that financed a DR datacenter largely by committing to failing over 50% of our energy workload to another region during a peak demand emergency.) I'm not doing the topic justice, but there's alot of behind the scenes stuff there -- I'm sure it wasn't just a contract dispute. You need to embrace that while you frequently feel like you have no idea what you are doing, most folks feel the same way. It takes time to become aware of what you know, and to know what you don't know. That's why true craftsmen take thousands of hours to master their craft. It's also why we build procedures and process -- it allows people with limited mastery to keep things going. My first day as a professional full time IT person was a DBA role about 3 days after my college graduation. The guy who hired me had left for another job, one person was on vacation, and the other was out sick due to a car accident. I got my HR paperwork done, found my cube, and someone dropped by to say "Oh, you're the new DBA, good. The system is down." Did I know what I was doing? Hell no. But we got an SA from another office on the phone and some helpdesk techs together, stepped through it, got things working and got things resolved in a few hours. The next time it happened, we restored service in about 15 minutes and found the root cause. The point is, you eventually know what you are doing. But you have to do stuff first. That's also a symptom. One root cause is that the Federal government (ie. Medicare) must get the best deal. If you give anyone else a better deal than Medicare, you are committing an act of fraud, and DoJ will go after you. This is known as a price floor. Layer upon this the web of contractual arrangements surrounding different insurance providers, and you get to a place where you need to mark up the MSRP of a procedure to safely operate as a business. The issue with poor areas having bankrupt hospitals is obviously complex. Hospitals are good for emergencies, really sick people and procedures. Not so good or profitable for primary care -- they are a lowest common denominator. You cannot afford to scale up quality outpatient medical practices if you are reliant on Medicaid to pay everything, and you can't operate small medical practices effectively and deal with all of the compliance activity that medicaid comes with. It varies by region. Your state health department probably publishes the data. Remember that emergency rooms cannot turn people away, doctors can. Poor people in general often don't have primary care providers -- even with Medicaid or private insurance. Reasons are varied and complex. Access is a big issue... for example, if you don't have a car, how do you get to the only doctor who is accepting new medicaid patients across town? Big companies can persist for decades with endemic corruption. In public sector, the audit process is incredibly painful, and you're going to end up losing a career and pension over malfeasance. I've seen it happen a few times. Once you start operating outside the lines, you're likely to escalate and will get caught. More offensive to me are the folks who understand the system intimately and waste time & treasure legally. I've seen cases where a government used a big govt contractor to install PCs -- at cost of $120/hr for two guys and a truck. Offensive? Yes. Illegal? No. SMB is tough because they have a million people looking to nicle and dime them all of the time. Be prepared to quantify your value. Having no idea what you are doing, I'd say look for vertical niches and get established in there. Look for associations and organziations to target. Examples: School superintendent association, Project Management meetings, working groups in a chamber of commerce type org, etc. Another angle -- look for non-profit spaces where there may be grant funding opportunities. People need to spend grant money quickly, so word of mouth is key. Wheat has been a key part of human diet for something like 10,000 years. The gluten crisis has been with us for 3-4. It's an ideal chronic condition for the 99% of suburbanites not affected by celiac disease who need something to complain about, conspicuously spend money on and attract attention. It sounds serious, onerous to deal with, and has no stigma attached to it. When people actually "stop eating gluten", they buy really bad bread for $8 a loaf. They also stop eating food like pizza, a variety of processed foods, ice cream, etc. So they lose weight and "feel better". Your son has a medical condition that is truly horrible. He's the 1%. 20 years ago, the 99% of people who don't have conditions like your son's were refusing to eat products containing eggs, and were loading up on a variety of foods containing oat bran at inflated prices. 30 years ago, those some type of people were refusing to eat pork. It's beyond that -- they actually have created a market for the trading of 0-days, and bid against each other using various proxies. I don't know where your wife is from, but wheat originated in the Fertile Crescent, and was a driving force behind urbanization and the formation of city-states. A substantial number of people and cultures in turn spun out of there. If you are not of Sub-Sahara African descent, you have ancestors from there. In Africa, there were very limited grain crops available... Mostly sourgum and millet iirc. Just about any northern hemisphere agricultural society relied upon grains. They were (and to some extent, still are) essential to society advancing to the point that people can specialize in things other than gathering food. I think it depends on the person. Some people can leverage extreme stress / being busy to suppress whatever issues they have. (At least for awhile -- suppressing things usually results in an explosion later.) Other people's depression manifests as an inability to make effective decisions or motivate. Either way, it's a ticking time bomb, unless that person has well-developed coping mechanisms and a support network. I wouldn't want to invest in or work for a founder without that. I think the risk of battling severe depression while operating a fledgling company is that by its nature, you're kind of on your own. Anyone -- even someone NOT suffering from depression, needs to have super strong support networks. One of the tough things is that Red Hat and SUSE really mangled their desktop story. Ubuntu has really captured mindshare in the development space. In the RH world, you do have the certification path, and a supply of good SAs who have worked in professional, systems-focused capacities. Most of the old Unix guys who are still around doing SA work have certs on the RH stack. On the Ubuntu side, many of the people I see who claim "Ubuntu" subject matter expertise are basically Mac users who have more comfort working in the shell. That's a testament to the improvements in the Linux ecosystem from a desktop POV, but not so good if you are trying to hire people! Obviously, the wizards are out there, but they are hard to find. Sometimes that happens when you load up the title to create the appearance of a conflict or betrayal. The story is " commits to partnerships with ". Very non-sexy. If I were the author, I would rewrite this and reflect on what was actually wrong here. At the end of the day, you resigned out of shame for a serious incident that you triggered. But the fact that the organization allowed you to get to that point is the issue. Forget about the engineering issues and general organizational incompetence... the human side is the most incredibly, amazingly ridiculous. I respect your restraint. If I was singled out with physical intimidation by some asshat boss while getting browbeaten by some other asshat via Skype, I probably would have taken a swing at the guy. Competent leadership would start with a 5-why's exercise. Find out why it happened, why even the simplest controls were not implemented. I've worked in places running on a shoestring, but the people in charge were well aware of what that meant. Cloud services are a core strategic direction for Microsoft. Office365 has millions of users. Ditto for XBox Live, etc. Azure is a key component for integrating your business with Microsoft via Office 365. It isn't going anywhere. That's crazy. One of the incredibly attractive things about my job now is that I get 40 days of discretionary PTO. Sick time is separate. I took a reasonable paycut to get the gig, but its totally worth it. 10 days off a year is a joke. It's all about the networking that you do. Also, the small business market is pretty brutal, and ends up being a numbers game... Your rate is too low to make a living without scaling out. Big consulting companies are all about applying a predefined framework to business problems. VARs or similar companies partner with bigger fish to provide pro services to markets that aren't valuable enough for the parent company. An IBM partner will peddle servers and implement IBM products, etc. A freelancer is all about subject matter expertise. Your either an expert in technology x, or an expert in implementing technology x to vertical market y or integrating technology x with technology z. Your customer might be the end-user, or you may be a subcontractor. The whole "Dark Ages" thing is a little contoversial, because it depends on your point of view. If you were living around the Mediterranean basin, things weren't so bad. If you were living in the periphery of the empire, civilization basically disappeared and reverted to tribal living or feudalism. One of the big changes with Rome was that at some point, they became too big. Earlier in Roman history, the Romans would either kill everyone (Ceasar's conquest of Gaul killed a substantial proportion of the population) or begin a process of Roman-ifying the populace. The Roman armies kept the peace and spread the civilization. The problem is that you had this built-in tension between keeping Rome (the City) under control, which was extremely challenging, and keeping the provinces in line and secure. Emperors had to spend fortunes subsidizing the City with grain, festivals/circuses and other support. Getting those fortunes meant levying onerous taxes, and collecting in the provinces meant enpowering the local Roman officials and military -- which in turn created rivals to the emperor. Another issue is that as time went on, gaps in agricultural technology fundamentally changed the society. The core of the Roman republic was citizen solders and civil servants -- many of which were yeoman farmers. As crop yields declined and demand grew, these farmers went out of business and consolidated into much larger estates that were dependent on slavery. All of these things resulted in changes to the character of the Roman system. Roman armies were not made up of Romans. Roman generals were not necessarily loyal to Rome. It just turned into a big mess. These efforts were the German war machine. There was no "Rosie the riveter" in Germany, and the population of Germany was too low to maintain an industrial base while simultaneously killing or maiming young men as they turned 18. I'd argue that the British provided inspiration closer in spirit from their concentration camp system in South Africa during the Boer war. The Brits had a tough time with the Boers, who mostly used cavalry and light artillery to conduct guerrilla raids on the British soldiers. The British solution was to round up the non-combatant Boer population and starve them until the men surrendered. You're using examples that are fundamentally flawed, as the high end jobs you named tend to be folks more likely to be partners or principals in their own businesses. For a good part of the 20th century, white-collar, salaried jobs were 40 hour jobs. Blue collar or non-exempt jobs were 40 hour jobs with overtime. Today, we declare almost everyone to be an exempt employee, work them ragged, and run as lean as possible. We do this because unlike in the 1960's, companies bear no cost -- those burnt out 45 year olds don't get disability pensions or insurance anymore. Those costs are borne by the public at large via social safety net programs. If you mandated that most workers work only 40 hours per week, you would provide companies with a powerful incentive to deal with the high fixed costs associated with hiring an employee. It doesn't make "economic sense" to hire people because the law has been changed to make that the case. Now it makes sense to hire freelancers, contractors, etc who are easier to abuse. Enter the evil of the Nazis. One of their explicit goals was basically to depopulate the east and settle it with German pioneers. My circa 2009 iMac does the same thing. Flash was one of the major contributors to the issue. Even then, after a few days of uptime, video doesn't play properly and browsers will beachball constantly. The solution is to party like it's Windows in 1999 -- reboot. Not really. Hospital networks are merging, affiliating and consolidating. So if your primary care doctor is affiliated with Hospital X, and specialist group Y is also affiliated with hospital X, there's a good chance that you're going to be referred to specialist group Y. The exception is when you have some unusual circumstance, and they try to find the world's authority on your condition. Huh? Say you're a parent. You have a house and three kids. Your spouse makes alot less than you do. Then you get afflicted with a chronic disease like MS. Without healthcare, you eventually cannot perform at work and get fired or laid off. You have some sort of episode, and end up in the ER. You can't pay your mortgage, and you cannot replace your income. So you stop paying the mortgage and go on food stamps. Then your house gets foreclosed. Next, your spouse leaves you and takes the kids. You're indigent, your kids are now on Medicaid (at taxpayer expense) and getting assistance for housing. You're behind on child support because your disability case was rejected and your appealing it. If you add up the costs, you'll find that the cost of providing deductiblity is lower than the costs of all of the other outcomes. Actually, a year of healthcare probably costs less than that 1 ER visit. Tax fraud too. I rented a house in 2002 from a man who died in 1988. I work at a large, non-military government entity. We're in the middle of making some big changes that when complete will save taxpayers a significant chunk of change, and improve the efficiency of a number of things. I feel like I should be proud of being involved in such a thing -- I'm confident that we will succeed. But I have this lingering doubt as well. Streamlining administration will save money, but it will also introduce the situation that the writer's unit faced -- centralized administration. Its been my experience that more often than not senior leadership is uniquely unqualified to make effective decisions at a tactical level. Executives are supposed to drive vision, not fiddle with minutiae, right? Compounding this is the idea of taking authority away from the folks down the line -- where is the new generation of leaders going to come from? You're missing te point -- computers for the mass market are no longer an enthusiasts market. They are like TVs. Where I work, we're stuffing users into 2GB/1core VDI instances. They work fine. The only new client purchases are replacements of dead stuff, devices that improve mobility, and some dev/kiosk machines. I think the issue until a couple of years ago is that compute densities weren't there, and broadband wasn't pervasive. Now you can deliver a decent desktop through a VMWare VM-centric solution or a Citrix/Microsoft Server computer solution. The use cases work out like this: Stationary workers get PCs reimaged with a locked down OS...PCs get replaced by thin clients over time; Mobile workers either get laptops with remote access clients or tablets. The mobile folks love it, because they aren't tied down to some horrific work-issued laptop. The big remaining problem is Microsoft licensing. Unless you have an EA, the licensing is both obtuse and expensive. Lots of big enterprises are rolling out thousands of VDI desktops -- 2011/2012 was the point where the financial case started to make sense. Because innovation in this space is driven by the low end. You can do about 75% of common computing tasks on a $30 ARM computer on a stick. The notion of a $3,000 PC is as relevant today as a $10,000 Sun workstation was in 2003. Absolutely. 75% of the workstation market had shifted to Windows by 2003, and the remaining 25% were Sun/HP/SGI/etc. But guess what? Cheap wins. The last vestige of the old Unix workstation market is the Mac Pro. Please... People don't hire teens when the economy is weak because they are less reliable than adults. In the late 90's, fast food places were desperate for anyone -- they would hire folks willing to work as little as 4 hours a week! The sob story about the impact of minimum wage on companies is bogus. I was an asst manager in high school for a bakery/cafe... 20 employees, about 23000 hours of work each year... A minimum wage increase amounts to $25-30k a year, not a big deal. Wal-Mart is another great example... You have like 300 employees at a store, probably 3 million man-hours a year. So a minimum wage increase amounts to $3-4M a year -- peanuts for a company where average revenue per employee is $200k. You're talking about $3M of additional cost with $60M in revenue. What does that mean in reality? You either take a margin hit, or enhance the margins by raising prices and changing product mix. Also consider that minimum wage folks proportionally spend alot of money where they work. If Wal-Mart adds $3M in payroll, they're getting alot of it back as sales. Proportionally, the middle class in China is small, but growing. That's why we have Kerberos. It doesn't help in the Twitter client use case, but it will help in the user/password compromise scenario described in the parent comment. If I compromise the keytab, I can impersonate the domain member server and presumably the active tickets... but the username/password is on the KDC/DC. No fault only applies to personal injury. If I'm driving along, over-correct on a turn and smash into your fence, it's my responsibility. If I do nothing wrong, but my tire blows out, I'm still responsible. If my tire blows out because the repair shop over-inflated it, or because there is a material defect in the tire, that's where responsibility lands. The question is, when my robot car overcorrects (ie. driver error), am I responsible, or is the manufacturer? And in what circumstances is the manufacturer negligent? I'd dare say that once automated cars move out of California and Nevada and start showing up in Minnesota and New York, things will get complex quickly. It depends on what you want to do with yourself. You also need to be able to be brutally honest with yourself. If your goal is to be a doctor, attorney, MBA, you need to sell your soul to get the best grades possible. A JD/MBA from a top tier school translates into a high paying gig when you leave. The same degree from a state school means you get to review contracts for some County or work at Starbucks. I had a 2.2 GPA in CS -- mostly because I had to work full time through school, was lazy, and didn't have enough time. I love computers and IT, but didn't have passion for what I was doing. I was passionate about history and writing, and ended up with a dual major that was fun for me (I had a great in history), even with hardly any time investment. I stuck with CS because I had no interest in academia/teaching/law or other things that a History degree helps with. I adopted a system like what this guy did... I was actually detained by campus security in the final for one of my "E1" classes because the professor had never seen me and thought I was taking the test for someone. That meant that I wasn't going to be working for a top tier technology company. So I got a job with a tiny company, built a network, and ended up with a pretty awesome role. If you're really struggling with the material and can't get an A after giving it 110%, you're just not at the top of the curve. It's not the end of the world, accept it or move on to something you are passionate about. The difference is that faculty tend to believe (rightly) that academic freedom gives them the right to communicate freely relative to the average employee. I agree, eBay basically shares all of the bad aspects of a flea market with the faceless bureaucracy of the DMV. eBay cannot effectively police it's environment, and it's fee structure is outrageous. If I want to deal with sketchy people to save a few bucks, Craigslist lets me do that with a higher chance of a positive outcome for $0. Also, you can exclude ebay from search results by entering "-site:ebay.com" The writing was on the wall for reader once they stripped the commenting/sharing functionality. This was a great tool for the teams I managed to stay on top of things. The redesign destroyed the product. The manager probably got a bonus for upsells. High school girls are better at doing that. I worked at a coffee/bagel place in a mall across from a chain casual restaurant (Think Pizza Uno/Ruby Tuesday). The manager's compensation was based not only on sales/margin, but the average table occupancy. This one guy hit his number by hiring tall girls as hostesses, getting them to dress up (they tended to look like they were heading to a party) and having them stand in the doorway. Basically, they were a fishing net -- it was amazing to watch, we could tell when he was working based on the crowd. That kind of equipment is expensive. Dishwashers, not so much. Many times, dishwashers are under the table workers anyway. In high school I was paid $10/hour in the 90's to unload wagons full of hay and stack them in a barn. There are machines that will bale, load, and stack hay. But they cost like $80k and require a modern tractor that costs $150k new. The farmers I worked for used a tractor from the mid-1950's, and didn't have enough land to generate the cash flow necessary to pay for the equipment. So they paid about $10-12k/summer for people to do the work manually. So Reader was a red-headed stepchild from the inception. I mostly abandoned Reader for Twitter when Google made it clear that the one true path was Google+. My team used the share/comment features in Reader constantly, and got alot of value from it. And not just for blogs -- we'd subscribe to Google Alert RSS feeds and use Reader to annotate. Google+ Hangouts are amazing. It's Facebook cloning is ok. But it is weak for the core workflow that Reader gave you. Twitter is close, but it's 100% public nature limits it utility for me. At the end of the day, I lost a functionality that was valuable to me. It's too bad, but I'll live. If the Federal government is a customer, you may be sued for fraud if they aren't the customer getting the best price. I think people get nervous about talk like this because the "make everything muppet-proof" movement has gotten so much traction in the wake of Android and iOS. UI designers are empowered, and "power" technical and business users suffer for it. My iPad is easy for my two-year old to use... But it is horrific for more many types of tasks that computer users do every day. Firefox definitely carries a lot of config legacy... But going too far the other way is dangerous too. It's basically pointing out the ping-pong effect that the tech industry tends to go through. Once upon a time, companies did lots on stuff on big mainframes and minicomputers. These devices were centralized, and you were given what the high priests of Data Processing saw fit go give you. As PC came to be, computing moved out to the desktop/laptop and away from the big iron. Innovation and chaos commenced. To control the chaos, "servers" emerged. To lower costs and improve services, "clouds" emerged. All of this happened over 25 years. Enter the "new" client devices -- smartphones/tablets. These devices are increasingly tied to cloud-based APIs and services that are tightly controlled by the vendor providing the service. With cloud IaaS vendors like Amazon, that' ok -- they are offering a commodity. For PaaS vendors like Google or Microsoft or Salesforce.com, it's a bigger deal -- when those vendors decide that some application or API is end of life, you're screwed. Basically, we're entering a cycle/era similar to the mainframe era that was left behind in the 80's and 90's. Absolutely... the real story about Google Reader isn't the shutdown. That's putting a bullet in a dead horse. The real lesson was taught to me a couple of years ago when they ripped the sharing features out of Reader, just because. Microsoft is similar. Office 365 gives you something like 6 months to defer major releases. So say I customized something in SharePoint 2010 that doesn't translate well in 2013. Too bad -- I have 6 months to make changes or lose the customization. It isn't always a bad thing either. Plenty of companies don't have or don't prioritize resources for platforms that they rely on. People still run Oracle 8 and Exchange 2003. "Letting the professionals" at a cloud provider handle it is a good thing, but it comes with a cost. You need to be careful when mixing business ventures with safety net programs. Once you start making any kind of money, you need to get out of medicaid asap -- if the County figures out that you have assets, they will want to "recapture" the benefit value that was provided to you. Just make sure you know the rules before going this route. Also keep in mind that the NY max benefit is $405/week. You could make this money part-time bartending and skip the red tape. Its kind of funny that the crossword puzzle in the September 1978 issue is redacted. This is their way of dealing with seller-side fraud -- drive out the small sellers. eBay has more leverage over the big guys anyway. CCTV is a waste because effective police know who the criminals are anyway. Every city police department has org charts for gangs and drug dealing orgs, and they know where people fence stolen property. Best case, CCTV makes prosecution easier. Worst case, it makes it easier for the cops to justify harassing every black kid with a hoodie based on a grainy picture. The money men in Hollywood aren't creative people. They are managers and attorneys. When they don't want things to happen, they can draw upon the resources of the unions who are stakeholders ensuring that congress gets the message. What does this have to do with free speech? You have the right to say anything you want, and deal with the consequences of that speech. People like your dad get screwed on every level. In New York, the total value of benefits received by a disabled single mother with 2 kids is in excess of $55k. (One of the reasons why states like South Carolina encourage poor folk to migrate north) The old welfare system was replaced with "Temporary Assistance", but you still get disability, SSI, food stamps, basic cell phone, housing assistance and healthcare. Some counties will buy furniture and provide other goodies as well. That's pretty close to what a drywall guy makes, except a drywall guy who isn't in a union has to save for retirement, operate a car, pay for healthcare, and pay market rents. When a guy like your dad suffers a workplace injury or is worn out, he has to live with uncertainty for months or years while his case gets appealed, because the law judges are backed up handling the cases of people whose disability is being ignorant and lazy. I live next door to a busy firehouse, and I've heard plenty of gripes about the perils of their newer truck vs the mid-80's pumper with 350k miles that replaced it. Based on the frequency that I see the department's backup engine next door, I tend to agree. Basically, the new trucks are unibody and much more fragile -- it turns out that new firetruck demand is driven by smaller/volunteer departments that don't put a ton of wear on the equipment. Minor accidents and mechanical breakdowns on the newer gear are major repair incidents that require weeks of downtime. The old trucks were basically custom cabs sitting on a truck frame. Not very comfortable, but tough enough to survive 30 years of service with 2,000+ calls a year in a northeast city. You can grow trees on skyscrapers. But the author captured why it is unlikely to happen: trees need care & maintenance. Care & maintenance == $. For the types of people who build and run skyscrapers, facility operations is a cost center, and regulating authorities don't really care about greenscape. Nobody wants to pay for a staff of gardeners. That's why when plans get mocked up, the public spaces around commercial buildings are usually lush, but when the building are actually constructed, you see a few shrubs or maybe a few arbor vitae at ground level. When the local people and regulating bodies care, things are different. The Wal-Mart parking lot in Hilton Head Island, SC is wooded and shaded. The town refuses to issue construction permits that require old growth trees to be cut down -- so there's 60" wide tree in the lot, with a buffer between it and the pavement. Instead of curbs directing water to storm drains, there are mulched beds that absorb alot of storm water. About 15 miles away near I-95, there is another Wal-Mart with the typical construction methods -- bulldoze, flatten and pave everything. I think the difference is that firearms are heavily regulated by localities in different ways. For example, transport over state lines may require coordination with the shipper. For Amazon, having attorneys stay up to date on the law in multiple jurisdictions doesn't fit with their operating model. Knives are less difficult regulatory-wise, and where there are local legal issues, they usually aren't serious felonies. It isn't even that noble. The reasons that cities bought them is that the Federal stimulus paid for them. The machines jam in the winter, the batteries have a shelf life, and they become filty and disgusting in the summer heat. The company is a good at lobbying though. They don't hold Amazon/Target/Walmart sacred. They probably have contracts where these vendors get commitments from google that they will not be treated this way. Pissing off some little knife company means exactly nothing to google. It's also one of the few remaining reasons that people still buy Solaris or AIX boxes. My question would be: If you have a computer capable of posting something on the internet, why are you thinking about your TI-99? It has always puzzled me that even sophisticated audiences like HN regard this situation by killing the messenger. Usually reactions are mostly "meh", "Where is your tinfoil hat?", or "the US does it too". At the end of the day, as proprietors of Internet services, the information being stolen from you or your company is your customer's data. You should care and be alarmed. A responsive designer in this context is somebody who designs webpages to scale to screen width. So the same codebase services smartphones and 1900x1200 browser windows. The thing that is puzzling to me is the whole thing about people scrolling & responsive design. How do you design something to avoid scrolling when your layout is designed to accommodate any screen size? It seems like those concepts are in conflict. I don't know about celebration, but since Windows sales are highly correlated to PC sales, it is useful information. Growth in Windows 8 desktop shipments gives you a good litmus test about veracity of the "death of the PC" concept. Windows 7 share is a completely different animal. Big enterprises are still in the middle of rolling out Windows 7, so you should see shifting from XP to 7. Deceleration there is bad news for Microsoft/PCs. ... If they execute well. Google is a tough company to evaluate in the long haul, because the value of some of the services Google offers to Google is difficult to assess. Plus, they make mercurial and random decisions. Judges are incredibly powerful and have broad discretion to do lots of things. Doing something that provokes one's ire is generally a dumb thing to do. I did a similar thing for a virtual machine service. Inventory was counted at 2AM on the 15th of the month. We would have a "planned maintenance event" from 1-3AM on the 15th of the month for our 12x5 supported apps. Took two years to get busted ;) People said that about BlackBerry BBM messages, and Nextel DirectConnect too. But shortly thereafter, you started hearing about countries collaborating with BlackBerry to decrypt messages... first in palces like Saudi Arabia and Dubai, then in places like the UK. That tends to support the assertion that BBM was difficult/impossible to intercept. Realpolitik. Some descriptions of the zero-day "black market" imply that the government itself is one of the bigger consumers, and various arms of the government routinely bids against itself to get exploits. Domestic, First class mail requires a search warrant to open. It also requires costly physical effort and is not done lightly. The metadata on the front of the envelope can be collected. Other classes of mail (priority, parcel post) can be opened by postal inpectors at their discretion. Mail entering or leaving the country can be inspected by US Customs. My dad used to correspond with HAM operators all over the world, and letters from soviet bloc or certain third world countries were routinely opened. The problem with using the mail to deprive another of property or "honest services" is that it is a serious crime, a criminal (which can be defined very loosely under the "honest services" umbrella) can be fined up to $1M or jailed for 30 years. Politicians filing ethics financial disclosure forms always file these in person, as inaccurate information can result in a slam dunk case for the US Attorney. So for your normal correspondence, 1st class mail is as safe as you can get. There are lifestyle considerations too. Academic work year, no crazy work hours, etc. I'm the exact opposite -- using Facebook for many years and experimenting with many apps has trained me to avoid allowing applications to interact with me out of band. Back in the day, I was getting harassed about my friend's achievements in Farmville or Mafia Wars on Facebook. More recently, some app my wife installed lets me know every time I'm within a quarter mile of a Target store. The beauty of iOS is that I don't need to deal with a dozen little icons demanding attention like in Windows. The Windows 8 approach is refreshing, I'm curious to see how it develops. Groundwater pollution is really tough. In my area have an old Army depot where dioxins, PCBs, and other nasties were dumped in the 1950's and 60's have leached into the ground, and now form a underground plume that has resisted remediation efforts, and is moving with the groundwater to the playing fields of the local high school. Basically, they drill wells and try to suck up contaminated groundwater. In other cases, remediation measures are not 100% effective and can be really disruptive. In coastal areas on Long Island where Hurricane Sandy smashed ships to shore and ruptured oil tanks, nearby property owners are not allowed to reoccupy the property for 15 or more years while the contamination disperses into the environment. So be careful what you wish for. Why? Easy. The kids who are now in their early 30s are feeling nostalgia for an institution that meant a lot to them, which is forever lost. I felt the same way about Sierra adventure games from he 80s. Fact is, gaming sucks these days because the audience has shifted to the younger equivalent to the millions if people who watch "NCIS: Kansas" on tv. In the 80s and 90s, the gaming market was this demographic slice that allowed for more creative risk in gaming. Now we have Medal of Honor 12 and whatever version Madden is up to, and the whole industry is imploding because they cannot sustain the movie-like budgets. I agree that it is my responsibility, I've choosen to handle it by saying "No" in most cases. But I'm a bit of an appaholic -- I download new apps all of the time, and don't have the time to figure out what chatter a particular app is going to bother me with. I'm on my work Windows 7 laptop right now, and I've been bothered by the following since 7:30 when I came in: - SCCM has some updates for me that must be installed in 7 days - AV is slowing down my computer, for my safety. - Some printer is unavailable People at home get bombarded with Java, Adobe, and other apps whining about updates or whatever. Microsoft recognized this as a serious enough problem that it basically hides most toolbar icons automatically. (I have 19 on the work laptop, with 4 visible) Many city-pairs are monopolistic because of the gate ownership and industry consolidation. Minneapolis was the poster child for this for many years -- you basically had to fly Northwest to go there. Back in the pre-Reagan era, regulation forced airlines to maintain specific prices and deliver a certain level of service (think Bell System type regulation). Deregulation brought low cost carriers like Southwest, but also allowed the traditional carriers to engage in a price war that ultimately put most of the industry out of business and brought much misery to the flying public. That business model for scheduled service is usually built around Federal government subsides to service infrequently visited airports. "Cape Air" is an example such airline that flies to places like Nantucket, MA and Lake Placid, NY. The airports often coincidentally happen to be where prominent congressmen live or have summer homes. The other variant for that niche airline model is charter flights -- get a few hundred people from a city to go to Jamaica or something. The delusion that some have that airlines represent "perfect competition" is amusing. It's an industry held up by direct subsidy, indirect subsidy via the Postal Service & military, and other bizarre compromises. The safety assumption isn't exactly a given. The statistics cited represent passenger miles, not events. The formula is basically (passengers * trip miles)/deaths Comparing automobile-related fatalities is challenging. The standard comparisons given do not distinguish between passenger deaths and automobile-related deaths. 15-20% of all auto-related deaths are pedestrians and bicyclists. It also doesn't differentiate between trip types. Is there a difference between 24 hours driving from NYC to Miami via I-95 and 24 hours of driving within NYC? The published statistics do not speak to that. I would conjecture if you were able to compare the relative dangers of inter-city interstate/freeway driving to a similar flight (including getting to/from the airport), you'd find that the safety gap was far narrower. Everyone owns SharePoint because of the CAL bundles. Many places were scared by the impending doom of Exchange public folders 10 years ago. Others just got it in a licensing transaction... they signed up for the Core CAL, and took care of their Windows, Exchange, SharePoint and SCCM licensing, even if they didn't use all of them. If you owned any two products (Exchange/SMS, Exchange/SharePoint), you actually saved money in the process. The intoxication thing is another real issue with the stats. Deaths get labeled as "alcohol related" and double counted all of the time. If I'm walking down the street drunk or riding in a cab drunk, that is tallied as an "alcohol related" crash. I said the same thing about my 2TB iMac hard drive. Then we had a baby. All of the sudden, I have thousands of pictures and videos. I would strongly consider putting this in a computer, only to make tasks like video editing faster. Using tablets all of the time makes my tolerance for poor performance very low ;) I'm one of the weirdos who always shopped at JC Penney. They were always good at stocking good quality stuff at decent prices. I happen to be big & tall guy and have a terrible time finding clothes -- I can't shop at most mall retailers at all. The problem with the transformation is that they did too much, too fast, and didn't understand the business. Johnson didn't just stay away from HQ, he never went to a store. THe shining halo of Apple conceals a lot of problems at the Apple store as well... The place is packed, but people have no idea how to actually check out. I usually see one or two frustrated shoppers give up whenever I am at the apple store. They did things that were great ideas, like not stuffing racks into the aisles and getting rid of the cheap gizmos and merchandising. But they did everything overnight and didn't replace the dingy old carpets that were concealed by the racks. Good ideas implemented in a vacuum don't always work out well. And, since tall guys aren't cool enough, they slashed the inventory of clothes that fit me. I felt bad when I bought a bunch of shirts for $10 on,ine that are priced at $40 elsewhere in the big fire sale last week. Yes. They're called women. It is a segment that is declining overall. I think that has more to do with the legal/tax/financial framework that makes big box retail grow like a weed. I don't think that true. I know a couple of doctors that work in some city that they consider unworthy, and fly back to NYC for the weekend. I make 6-figures in a small city doing IT. It is absolutely possible. I'm not working for Google, but that isn't something that I lose sleep over. I live in a city of 100k people, metro area of 300k. So it's small, but not the wilderness either. End of the day, you need to specialize in an area that valuable to the organizations in the area. You may need to travel. Small-scale IT is become alot more automated and service-based, so jack of all trades roles are really competitive. So you may not be making $150k, but you're also insulated from the boom/bust cycle that permeates places like Silicon Valley, SFO, and to a lesser extent NYC. It all depends on what is important to you... The DPRK does some IT Offshoring stuff, particularly for Europeans. There was an article about it last summer in the Communications of the ACM. The difference is that gold is a tangible, immutable substance that doesn't decay much. It doesn't go anywhere. I bought a bunch of bitcoin early, and sold it for a handy profit at $10. The ones I kept aside (about 20) were lost on a PC whose hard disk crashed. My understanding is that these coins are forever lost. Even funnier is claiming that the gold/silver standards resulted in more stable financial systems. Inflation, deflation, and starvation of capital were huge problems before we switched to debt-based currencies. They also equate "no central banking" with commodity-based currency. The United State's 19th century experiments with disbanding central banking wasn't exactly an economic revolution. They absolutely were not. Look at a graph of UK inflation in the 19th century. http://www.bankofengland.co.uk/education/Pages/inflation/tim... The market value of a hunk of gold has done ok over the centuries, but it's value at any point in time as a currency goes all over that place. This makes it difficult to get capital -- who wants to lend money when you have no idea what money will be worth? So by your reasoning, if I mail you a postcard, and you put the postcard in a locked container placed inside of the trunk of a rental car, it is OK for the police to bypass your access controls and read the postcard? How you transmitted or handled something at a point in time is not relevant to it's status at rest. This issue here is that the government asserts that email is a communications system only. The problem is that while it does enable people to communicate, it also serves as a filing system to many email users. The law as written in 1986 didn't forsee 25GB mailboxes on O365 or Google with the equivalent of many file cabinets worth of memos, etc. I pay Microsoft to host my email on my behalf so that I can consume the service. Just like I pay Avis for the use of a car or Hilton for use of a room. I don't own either, but are given controls to regulate acess (ie a key) I deliberately chose the largest economy in the world at the time. Comparing US currency today vs. US currency in 1800 isn't a meaningful comparison. How far back do you want me to go? The Romans? Oh wait, they played around with coinage as well. Or, you can shift their workplaces to areas with no parking. I work in a downtown business district. A recent office move and resident parking, constraints in parking facilities, and heavy enforcement of once-loose parking rules vaporized office worker parking. This affects 20-30k people. Result: The telecommuting program participation rate is up, and people are taking public transit options, several of which are free to them. The car problem in society is all about who bears the costs for things. I didn't say it wasn't available. I said it wasn't free. By making parking "free" to the end user, you make it easy for them to make choices around a car. Usually, public transit is cheaper than driving, but adds time. In my case, I can drive 15 minutes and pay $250/mo to park, take a bus for 25-30 minutes for $25/mo, or walk for 45-60 minutes for $0/mo. Think about NYC and it's famous mass transit system. Why does that exist, where just 200 miles away, Boston is a sprawled out driving disaster? The root answer is that Manhattan is an island, and there is no parking. You cannot just bulldoze a hill to put a 50 acre Wal-Mart parking lot there. I think there are two worlds here. For folks in the Valley, in NYC, or in companies working at the bleeding edge, you want to fund the best, most qualified people, period. That makes sense, and in the best interests of the country. But, in terms of numbers, the real money is the more banal "staff augmentation" programmers that you see in "compliance advertisements" in industry trade rags. There is a shortage of qualified COBOL programmers, but you don't hear about training programs for COBOL (back in the 70's clerical staff were trained to do write that stuff, not compsci types). But you do see government contracts paying $30/hour to "body shop" vendors, who in turn are paying Indians $12-17/hr. similar story for people doing business rules in some J2EE thing. That's a problem, because many of the few million un- or under-employed workers in the US could be trained to do this type of work quickly. The Al-Quaeda (or Mexican nationalist) plan is a long game that has a track record of success. In the US, formerly marginalized groups like Catholics (Irish/Italian/polish) and eastern european Jewish immigrant came to wield considerable power in the mid 20th century, owing largely to burgeoning numbers. The Catholics actively organized colleges, universities and fraternal organizations that brought young Catholics into the civil service ranks. That is tied to poverty, ignorance, likelihood of victimization, and cost. Birth control has not been readily available, but abortions are paid for by Medicaid and other programs. When you don't have any money, $150 for a doctor visit and $30/mo for birth control is a lot of money. Powerful women are just as ruthless as powerful men. Once the industrial era began, nation-state warfare turned into total war, and led to a consolidation of the nation states that mattered. The US Civil War was the first example of this. You cannot have general warfare between major states, as they will inevitably assure the complete destruction of one or both. Eventually, the US, Russia or to a lesser extent China get involved, and the final escalation point is ICBM salvos. I meant to remove it, it's a distraction. There are Mexican political groups who advocate for a similar policy to regain control of many western states, who they believe were unjustly ceded from Mexico. These folks are very much in the fringe, and I shouldn't have mentioned it, The thing that was really ballsy and bizarre about Segway is that they sort of expected society to reorganize around their cool new invention. I'm a perfect candidate for a Segway -- I live in a small city, with most of my key destinations 30-60 minutes by foot from my house. The problem is, Segways were like $6k each, so I'm going to have to drop $12k for my wife and I to go to work, still need a car, and not be able to legally operate on the sidewalk. ...Or, I could drop $800 on bikes. It's a risk reward thing. I'm one of those company town people. You put up with a certain amount of nonsense in a big company, but you get stability, career path, great benefits, etc. Small companies aren't nirvana, and if there are few small companies, you're taking a big risk that you're stepping into an organization where the owner's dumb nephew will be made an SVP over you. In the valley, you jump ship. In the "company town", you need to uproot and move. Doesn't matter. The credit bureaus mix people up all of the time, particularly if you shared a name and street in the past. My wife and mother in law share a first name. And a middle name that varies by one letter. (Ie. Mary Ann and Mary Beth) credit reports routinely mix them up. When I was in school in 1996, a collector managed to get a business debt of my grandfather (who shared a name and died in 1986) attached to me. A drivers license is a higher trust level document, as your driver ID and document number can be tied to an actual, trusted physical interaction, and it links you to a physical location. SSNs are horrible IDs for a variety of reasons. Thousands or millions of Americans do not have valid SSNs or use EINs for personal IDE identification. In those days, BoA was really still 3 banks... BoA, NationsBank and Fleet. They had parallel systems with minimal interaction. People call poisonous behavior "politics". Positive behavior is "collaboration". I've been in situations where politicking allowed the company to pivot from an established, ineffective strategy to an new, better one. I guess that it is easy to opine from afar when you have no skin in the game. The government has an obligation to protect public safety, and madmen on the loose shooting policemen and tossing bombs out car windows certainly qualifies as a public safety event. I suppose if Mr. Stallman's home or office were to catch fire, we shouldn't paralyze the immediate area with noisy fire trucks. The background check issue is a completely separate, legislative one. Democracy is a messy thing -- the democrats killed the bills so they could come back and fight another day. I'm being a little sarcastic, although sometimes I think that Stallman's ivory tower is located in another dimension. I got screwed again by my damn notepad. I needed a quart of buttermilk for a recipe, but wrote a pint instead on the memo pad. If only I had used a recipe management package that would have automatically told me that I wouldn't have enough buttermilk to make waffles for 5 kids. There seem to be alot of corner cases where well-intentioned folks who follow the rules, but don't have encryption subject matter expertise can find themselves with some corner-case problem with encryption. Oftentimes we rely on third parties to get it right, but who knows whether they have or not? Are there good best practices or products out there to implement and evaluate encryption implementations? We use FIPS-140 validated modules, but is that enough? Silence is a great tool, especially initially. Many places that feel that they need to "do something" end up speaking before they really understand what is going on. So you have the bigger risk of either making content-free statements that everyone sees through, or worse making incorrect statement that feed that flames that your organization is incompetent. Very hard in a general sense. Many prisons are giving people walled garden access to legal libraries and video conferencing, but nothing else. I've done some peripheral work for corrections type people -- they don't adopt paranoid thought processes for nothing. The average drug convict is not a criminal mastermind, but he is a cog in a criminal enterprise that is controlled by smart people. Drug and gang enterprises are real businesses, and they provide support and resources to their employees. They are capable of anything. If you were the guy working in the prison who is going to get stabbed to death by some inmate, you might feel differently. I agree -- I'm not defending the policy, I'm just trying to point out that these polices don't come out of a vacuum. People who run prisons are concerned about the welfare of their people first. Office 365. $50/year. When my parents grew up in postwar NYC, they were part of a fairly insular Irish-catholic community. Sundays at church, weekdays at the church school. The church you went to was dictated by your country of origin. They talked to the Italians, but eyebrows were raised if you were hanging out with the Polish or god-forbid, some protestant. Prosperity broke down the ethnic neighborhoods. This still happens today. Talk to Chinese kids raised in America what the family dynamics are like when you are an "ABC". Ditto for children of Indian descent or really any group with strong ethnic identity. You see continued strong ethnic clustering where the ethnic identity is also associated with business and prosperity. Greek Orthodox communities are good examples of this. You're 100% right. In the US, the problems are about handling the days where the top 5% of storm waterflow overwhelms the system. Another thing to think about is that many sewer systems were built before big suburban buildouts, and typically the original urban areas are located near rivers or the ocean... so the suburban systems often connect to the older urban infrastructure. Many of the changes in development patterns in the last 50-75 years have increased stormwater flows. Roads, shopping centers and other landscape features are either impermeable or are designed to divert water "away". And... there are fewer wetlands or other areas to absorb the water, so you're hammering these systems with massive amounts of water that were really rare 100 years ago. "Fixing" things in the US is tough depending on the location. Many places are implementing strategies to reduce peak storm waterflow, like mandating swales or ponds for big sprawl-ly development projects and building big stormwater tanks/basins under roadways in more densely developed areas. My cousin is a contractor. He says the same thing about drywall guys. My boss when I was stock clerk in high school said the same thing about cashiers. Hiring people is hard. Most good people already have jobs, so you need to find folks transitioning or starting out. There's a risk either way. The more specialized the skill, the harder it is. My cousin is a contractor. He says the same thing about drywall guys. My boss when I was stock clerk in high school said the same thing about cashiers. Hiring people is hard. Most good people already have jobs, so you need to find folks transitioning or starting out. There's a risk either way. The more specialized the skill, the harder it is. I wish my school had used this book. The first year of CS at my school was futzing around with operators and basic data structures. No tie-in to the big picture. I'm actually starting to lean this way myself. Many of our routine expenses (food, gas, restaurants) are now cash transactions. I think I'm smarter with money as a result. That's what they are doing -- they are trying to "sell" adoption and a city festival. I used to think this way. I've found that I spend 5-8% less on average on food, meals, etc. I'm not a spendthrift by any means, I budget and pay my bills just fine and don't have money problems. I had a wallet stolen while travelling and lost access to my cards (except AMEX, who had it FedEx'd to my hotel by 8AM the next morning) for about a week. So I ended up using cash for about a week and I was shocked that it actually had a measurable impact. Try it for a week -- you'll be surprised. I think the explanation here is much simpler that it needs to be. Pre-agriculture, everyone's job #1 was getting food on the table. Post-agriculture, you had a surplus of food, so people began to specialize. Economic and market forces started to become more sophisticated, as people were secure enough that daily survival wasn't an issue. So economically speaking, before the advent of modern farm machinery, what did a farmer need to prosper? Answer: Labor. Where did this labor come from? Answer: Children. Farm families are historically speaking very large. Much larger than what a hunter/gatherer could possible support. A woman might have 12-15 children, and since you have a food supply, many of them will survive to adulthood. So if you have 15 term pregnancies, starting at age 15, you're talking about being almost continuously pregnant until age 30. In primitive surroundings, pregnancy is deadly. Today, the lifetime risk of maternal death in sub-Saharan Africa is 1/16. (vs. 1/2800 in the developed world). The obvious use case is for military-type applications. Relay photos to an overhead drone to give commanders a situational awareness of what is happening. Designate targets. Provide video-game like HUD. For consumers, I'd say the recording stuff is an uncanny valley. I'd love a HUD for navigation. So in your universe, you're a superstar, psychopath, or failure? The meaning of "success" is subjective. Don't self-deceive yourself into adopting somebody else's definition of "success". Peter Theil has a vested interest in you adopting success criteria that will ultimately enrich him. (That isn't a criticism) I had a friend who was a priest. He owned almost nothing, and probably had less than $5,000 to his name. His vision of success was helping people who were indigent, incorrigible or otherwise considered broken by society. Was he a failure? We tie OS ugrades to new hardware. After issuing a couple of hundred really nice ultrabooks with Windows 8, people were literally demanding old Dell 630's that had been upgraded to Windows 7 back. I personally am starting to like Windows 8 -- but the experience is weird and took me about a month to get used to. They should have held the release back until they had Office integrated with the Metro UI. That's a challenge to, because the multi-tasking, window-based desktop metaphor is kind of a key advantage of Windows that you lose with Metro. I think that the reason they are doing this is that VDI and application virtualization is reducing the enterprise licensing count. There are many casual Adobe CS users within companies, and it's cheap and effective to virtualize the app and provide it to employees for limited periods. Creative Cloud basically delivers this functionality to everyone, with a licensing model that makes it more challenging to cheat. Does your software at your users site potentially contain taxpayer data from the IRS or state tax authority? Congratulations, the implementation needs to comply with IRS Pub 1075. Does it potentially contain law enforcement data? Congratulations, your customer needs to implement it in a manner consistent withs its CJIS agreement. Healthcare data? Hello HIPPA. Up to a certain size, businesses can pretty much do whatever they want. Then they reach a point or acquire a customer that requires them to start meeting various regulatory requirements. Ability to comply is a business opportunity. If I make software that contains encryption that isn't FIPS 140-2 validated, I am missing out on a multi-billion dollar market. (US and state governments + govt contractors) Obama is such a disappointment. At least Bush/Cheney punched you in the face and took your rights. This guy gives you some flowery speech and stabs you in the back. How are you going to regulate IM wiretapping? I wrote a simple IM app as a sophomore in 1997. Will that be a criminal act? It isnt about party a or b. I supported Obama when the message was hope and change. The actual delivery is realpolitik. I've worked in government, although not at the Federal level. Commissioners/directors/administrators don't control the message, the elected official does. The fact that the FBI Director isn't spending more time with his family is tacit administration approval of the "posturing". Read Profiles in Courage. Great leaders stand for their principles, even at personal cost. Yet here we are in 2013 and Guantanamo is still open. A big part of the perception problem is that gangs have spread out or have left the larger urban environments in favor of smaller cities and suburbs with no resources. So people see gang activity in places like Albany, NY or Springfield, MA or some suburb in Tennessee and hear about 15 year old gang members carrying handguns. They associate that real social problem with the tools that they are carrying. That combined with pandering politicians and advocacy group funded PR efforts that land gun related incidents on the TV everyday leads to the present situation. You'd be right, if farmers were free actors. For poultry farms, farmers are essentially sharecroppers. They are paid a fixed fee to grow chickens owned by Tyson/Perdue/etc. For beef farms, ranchers birth and keep cattle for a specific period of time, at which point they are sold to feedlot operators. The feedlots have thousands of cattle are where many of the nasty issues with disease/etc come from. Farmers are not very politically powerful anymore. The next layer up in the agribusiness chain can control pricing and have all of the power. If the point is that fixed in stone "arrive at work a 9, leave at 5" hours don't make sense, sure. Even some of the most regressive government bureaucracies recognized that in the 80's and have some degree of flexibility. If the point is that modern work is so special and creative that it is more of an artistic creation, and thus requires "passion" (translated as work 60 hours a week), than no, that is a ridiculous assertion and a work practice that should be illegal. Not really. You're mixing up insurance costs with service costs. California is more expensive because all ratepayers are bearing the costs for people who do not participate in the insurance system or pay. We have this crazy system where we want cheap workers to build things and farm, but we don't want to provide them with the benefits of legitimate status. So, when a day laborer being paid off the books falls off a scaffold and requires hospitalization, that care turns into an unpaid debt. Because he gets kicked out of the hospital as soon as possible, he doesn't recover well and ends up back in the emergency room in a few weeks. I think the Tesla is amazing, but Consumer Reports is bizarre. I've never been able to grok Consumer Reports car reviews... I remember one year (2003-2004 i think) where they punished Hyundai for some minor cosmetic issue, but white-washed an issue where plastic body panels were falling off a Honda, and gave that car their highest rating. You could literally buy a similar BMW or Audi and all of the gas that you would ever consume for a price much less than that of the Tesla. And without the limitations of an electric car. Is the driving experience that much better than the other high end luxury cars? Bullets are metal. I don't think you're pro-cable, I think that you're not grokking the difference between a monopoly and a competitive marketplace. For lots of reasons, cable is effectively a monopoly. They made big capital investments, and the benefit of those investments is that every human living in a particular geography (in most places) is a captive customer. There are a few options here. With telephones, the government forced AT&T to divest itself from operating inter-state and intra-state networks and cede control of customer premise equipment (ie. it was illegal to own a telephone pre-1984), and eventually required the regional bell operating entities to provide access to other providers. With electrical companies, for the most part they are able to function as monopolies for electricity delivery in a particular geography, and in exchange for that privilege their rates are tightly regulated by the State. The problem with these options is that they are solutions driven by the states, not the federal government. The states, for various reasons (Ars Technica did some good stories about this) aren't doing much. Ala carte TV is an effort for the Feds to get involved, which I think is a bad idea. There needs to be a compromise between forcing consumers to pay $20/mo for sports content that they don't watch and getting nickle and dimed for each channel. IMO, I'm only concerned about this as it affects universal access to internet. Cable companies are much more effective at delivering broadband than the traditional telcos, and those big TV subscriber bases almost certainly lower the cost of broadband delivery. I hear this alot, and it's bunk. Shopping at an overpriced bodega is still cheaper than eating out. It takes 20 minutes to cook a hamburger or piece of chicken, pasta/potato and heat up a bag of green beans. There are very few people in the United States that lack the means to own a refrigerator and some sort of stove -- most localities codes require both for an apartment to be code compliant. You missed the biggest thing IMO -- there isn't much nationalism or national unity. I don't see Indians being particularly proud of India. Some of the smartest people I know are from India and Pakistan. Most of the folks I know came from modest backgrounds, and none of them look back at all. This guy needs to go get a hug or something. I actually signed up Weebly in the same timeframe after hearing about it from a friend using my iPad. Unfortunately, you can't do much with it on the iPad, so I signed out and forgot about it. I got a few emails from them, and to be honest, I found them to be interesting enough that I read them and acted upon them. Ultimately, I ended up not using Weebly, because another alternative (Tumblr) was more appropriate for my use case. End of the day, they aren't "spamming". They are sending you a tickler to remind you of their product while you still remember it, which is a completely legit thing to do. It's particularly legit when you consider that their key demographic is folks who want a website, but want to build that site themselves with drag and drop. Spamming is when salesmen start assaulting you. I looked at an MDM product, and lo and behold, I have no less than 40 calls from some asshat salesdude in the last 7 days, including Sunday. Spam and customer engagement are totally different things. When you sign up to evaluate something, you're kicking off a sales and evaluation process. If you are at a restaurant and a good waiter notices that you're picking at some crackers instead of eating your meal, it's normal for them to approach you and see if everything is ok with your meal. You may not want to talk to the waiter, but his job is to make you satisfied with your meal, tip him, and return to the restaurant. If you ask to waiter to leave you alone and he persists, that's a problem that should be addressed. Likewise, if you don't want to hear from , you should make your feelings known and get an appropriate response. On Macs, randomly moving application windows when an app hangs often helps when beachballs pop up. There are companies who have special licenses, etc to do that type of work. I was supposed to meet with a Scandinavian vendor a few years ago that provides a service where you can match SHA hashes of files against known illegal content. I recall the pitch deck said that they had millions of records to match against, which I found incredibly depressing. I ended up bailing on the meeting... it's a subject I don't want to learn more about. Not really. A programmer earning around $100k could easily accrue that kind of tax liability over a few years, even after deducting payment of foreign taxes. (But not penalties and interest for the delayed payments) Its an interpretation of the guidance that comes from the NIST 800 series of publications about information security. It is good guidance, but it's guidance developed with a specific enterprise viewpoint that may not make sense based on the type of service, type of information protected and other controls. For example, multi-factor authentication may be deemed sufficient to control a risk. As a general principle the concept of "least privilege" is a key component of how security people think. In this case, what is the minimum amount of information that I can provide to the user and still be useful? No, because well intentioned parents can make better choices for their children. Think of questions like: - Should a parent take a promotion that will result in longer work hours? - Is it worth taking a compensation hit for a parent to stay home or reduce working hours? - Should a parent place a child in a daycare or hire a sitter/nanny? - To what level should grandparents be involved in the raising of a child? All of these questions have multiple answers that have different impacts on your ability to support yourself and nurture your child. It's a balance. He's right. People need education, not necessarily the education that you get for a BA in whatever. What's wrong with plumbers, anyway. People in the this thread seem to be implying that it is a lesser profession. You solve problems, have opportunities for entrepreneurship, and have a progressive path for mastery of the craft. I know a few people always whining about Sallie Mae. They are art teachers, social workers and service sector types. All of these folks borrowed 6 figures to get degrees from private schools in fields that require a lot of expensive education and little compensation. Making $60k to watch 6th graders draw sounds like a sweet gig... But paying $650/mo in loans makes it a subsistence job. The current business trend is to disrupt and unroot established stuff in large organizations. It's always a high-risk, high-reward endeavor. The Ron Johnson story is interesting, as he was so successful at Target and Apple. There was definitely alot of ego and refusal to adjust to the signals the market was giving JCP. But the store within a store concept and lack of clutter is a big deal and will ultimately serve the company well. Do OpenGPG smartcards work? I think that's a factor of people being assholes. I've worked in places large and small, public and private sectors. There's always an idiot who will do something that ruins things for others. In one case I was exposed to, it was an attorney making north of $150k stealing change from people's desks, and trying to frame the cleaning crew. In another, it was a person taking advantage of time & attendance rules. In another, it was a guy pilfering silverware from the lunchroom. The focus on New York makes it suspect in my mind... NY is going through an era of very extreme environmental activism regarding waste water -- mostly centering around gas fracking. The interests that fund these groups are rich NYC types who are modern day land barons, buying up defunct farmland and building vast landholdings. Things that make farm business difficult are good for these people. I don't know about the Bugatti, but think of the use case for a Leaf -- urban commuting and errands. Does aerodynamics matter for city driving? They are crazy expensive -- most have significant amounts of platinum. Also, there are fundamental problems with operating them in cold climates. Fuel cells have some traction in fixed-base applications (backup power for small buildings like fire stations) and for mechanical equipment like forklifts. If you have a single user problem, Access is fine. I can sympathize with this notion, except that there are plenty of similar protocols that implement proprietary stuff on top of XMPP. Cisco UC, for example. Many of these financial crimes are meta crimes that exist because we've enacted this tangled web of law that cannot be enforced. There are many other examples. A great example is the State Senator Joe Bruno case in NY. The Senator was the majority leader of the Senste for many years, an institution that is synonymous with corruption. (At least a dozen members are currently either under indictment or named as the subject of an investigation by the US Attorney.) The Federal case was essentially that Bruno took bribes, except they couldn't prove it. So they prosecuted him for violation of what i call a meta-law... the so-called "honest services" laws, key parts of which were deemed unconstitutional by the Supreme Court. So now they are going after him again for bribery -- a case that is probably double jeopardy and is subject to all sorts of appeals, essentially for the purpose of bankrupting the guy. Acts that potentially support a crime should not be criminal acts. Go convict the money launderer of tax evasion, racketeering or drug sales. Go convict a criminal without the resources for an attorney for whatever they did, not for lying to an agent of the US. So instead of taking down human traffickers pimping people who are essentially slaves, we should be going after the ones who aren't smart enough to hire a great accountant? It's be real here. Smugglers and criminals have been around for eons, and motivated police forces have been able to control them.