Hm? Windows was first released in November of '85, and the first release that achieved significant popularity was released in '87. Do you mean to say IBM regarded the Apple Macintosh as a toy? I guess I can understand the first two, but you'd take Java over Ruby? Really? I've always wondered why Nokia doesn't do more marketing in the US. I've never had a bad experience with a Nokia phone, and I definitely plan to keep buying phones from them for the foreseeable future. Their development process looks pretty nice too, though they could use a few pointers on making a professional website: http://developer.symbian.org/ The biggest problem, as I see it, is that certain apps only work with certain phones, forcing wonderful things like OggPlay to make extensive lists of which phones they support, and you could conceivably end up having to do research before buying a phone to see if it supports what you need, which is too much effort for most people. I think that Dalvik provides a great way to address this for Android, but we won't see a whole lot of Android phones for some time now, probably not until Q1 2010. Symbian and Android are far more open, though, which I think is what has some people irked. I can't imagine it does any good for the environment, at least not until >five years from now. Producing a car isn't exactly easy on the environment, and requiring people to buy new cars isn't going to help. The title is somewhat misleading; what's actually happening is that they finally observed spin-charge separation: http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Spinon The results around 22 aren't too surprising: most people will probably quickly figure out that the target cannot possibly be above 66.67, but few will realize that this implies that the target will be below 44.44. If you assume the guesses will be randomly distributed from 0 - 66, you get a target of 22, which isn't a bad guess for most of the times this experiment was performed on the proles. I have a personal stenographer. >without a proper solution that doesn't involve the words "boycott" or "jailbreak" Why not buy a different phone, perhaps one that does what you want? Eric Schmidt and Scott McNealy are the trivial ones, I guess, though Sun never got into the consumer market. Perhaps Shuttleworth? Sounds overblown. Carbapenems ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Carbapenem ) are beta-lactam antibiotics that are resistant to all [previously] known beta-lactamases. This seems to be a newer beta-lactamase, but that certainly wouldn't confer resistance to non-beta-lactam antibiotics like chloramphenicol. It's a matter of serious concern like any other new antibiotic-resistant bug, but it's by no means "resistant to all known antibiotics". In fact, MRSA was already resistant to carbapenems, having lost all D-alanine residues in it's cell wall. Phage therapy is also an option for bacterial infections that are resistant to all available antibiotics, though it's not very popular in the West (it's mostly used in Russia). That ignores the size of the polynomial, doesn't it? If the fastest polynomial-time proof finding algorithm is O(n^50), it's not going to do much good. "Since then, it has found its way into all major operating systems, including GNU/Linux, BSD, and Solaris. It's also available for the Microsoft® Windows® operating systems as a third-party commercial package." I don't think that you can really exclude Windows from the category "major operating systems". It might not be your favorite operating system (it certainly isn't mine), but give the devil his due. I liked the idea behind http://twi.bz/ , which at least shows the domain name behind the link. It doesn't make for quite as short links as tr.im &c though. What about moot and weev? They're not members of the open source community, but they are notorious. I think it was really a joke he played on the Rails guys. The original presentation is here: http://www.zedshaw.com/repository/rubyenrails2008/build/ruby... and it seems to me that it'd be easy to realize it was more or less a joke; the tone of the presentation didn't seem very serious ("Sounds like Erlang, so it's fast!"). On the other hand, maybe that's how Rails presenations typically are; I was never part of that scene. 12chan? Perhaps, but they would no longer have an incentive to kill people as they were going about it. That's really what we'd like to end. If they had a public presence (which they'd need if they were going to compete in a world of legal weed),they wouldn't be able to commit violent crimes. Hell, they probably wouldn't be as bad as most businesses. Now Google shows this comment page first and the Badabingle search engine second. It's funny how quickly the updates come. Hell, the way things work these days, he could leave a comment on a popular news aggregator: http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Factor_(programming_language)#c... or even just a post on twitter: http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Leave_This_Town#cite_note-1 Is it worth arguing over which blogging software is better? Use what works for you. This guy's points -- Wordpress is the Windows of blogging, etc -- some people are looking for Windows. A lot of people host Wordpress on cheap Dreamhost accounts and don't want to think about security; they'll probably just restore from backups if something goes wrong. It's the sort of thing that I'd figure makes security guys pull out their hair, but it's the market wordpress serves. seL4! ...wait, that's cheating, isn't it? I came here to post this. The solar "gold rush" of 2006-08 was precipitated by companies like HelioVolt claiming they could achieve panel production for under $1/watt. Cheaper solar panels won't kill the industry, it will make it economically viable on the large scale. If this article's predictions are correct, it's probably time to invest--if you know the right company, that is. If you ask me, #3 should be "aerobic metabolisms". It seems like a pretty significant development. This lua paper looks interesting, though I don't like the way they pass code as strings: http://docs.google.com/gview?a=v&q=cache:G3KOwdPfnsAJ:ww... I've checked out both concurrentlua and luaproc in the past and they seem quite similar (both use cooperative scheduling via co-routines). I initially liked luaproc more because the channel-based message passing approach in luaproc seems to me to be inherently more flexible than message passing based on process id's. luaproc leads to a particularly elegant implementation for the chameneos-redux benchmark, for example. concurrentlua seems more maintained, though; it showed up on luaforge more than a year ago and its latest update was in May, which to me means that the creator is interested in continuing the project. I believe this is the paper that introduced concurrentlua: http://docs.google.com/gview?a=v&q=http://www.google.com... luaproc's luaforge page is here, for comparison's sake: http://luaforge.net/projects/luaproc It seems like drop-boxes, like the ones used to return library books, could be built into the rooms in new apartment buildings. That would probably solve the delivery problem except when shipping really big packages (e.g. televisions). I've always preferred "waltz, bad nymph, for quick jigs vex", as it's the shortest one that uses simple words and has a straightforward sentence structure. I'm assuming the effects on humans are different for different types of radiation and different types of exposure; as I recall, lung cancer deaths are significantly higher in regions where radon (an alpha-emitter) emissions from granite are above average. There's a funny thing about dedication in that it doesn't really feel like dedication if you're interested enough in what you're doing. I can recall stealing my father's old college calculus book out of the the top cabinet when I was in third grade and reading through it at night when I was supposed to be asleep, purely out of boredom with the math we were taught at that level. By then, I barely had any concept of a variable, and yet I somehow managed to teach myself a decent portion of calculus in the next three years. These days, I struggle to apply that level of effort to anything I'm required to do. For the record, Google also distributes its own version of Linux to customers, whereas Amazon and Facebook do not. It'd still be nice to see them contribute, of course. As for Yahoo, it runs on FreeBSD, actually. They provide hosting to the FreeBSD project, though I don't know if they write any code. Isn't that what l4linux does? ( http://l4linux.org/ ) &totse users ran tests of zfs-fuse back in the day and found that it was actually noticeably slower than native ext3. From that, I'm inclined to argue the opposite: filesystems should almost definitely be in-kernel. Granted, their tests were on Linux, not on a modern microkernel. Is it really possible to implement the full functionality of the Linux kernel in such a way that it would be significantly smaller? Obviously, there's bloat from bad code, but would a redesign of the kernel be seriously useful, or just a waste of time? As a (possible) comparison, is NetBSD's kernel any smaller? It'd be nice to know if Linus had anything to say to that effect - it might lead to a more productive discussion than waxing lyrical about the wonders of microkernels. It's the same version of Webkit ued in standard chrom, according to the article. If you're already supporting chrome, it should only take one more line of html to support chromeframe. You could also solve the problem in the other direction: install two browsers on every employee's computer. When that's done, you can safely migrate to a standards-compliant version of the internal web-apps. You could solve that by using Google's extension, actually. If the page requires standards compliance, put in the annotation for standards compliance. Otherwise, let ie6 render as default. The employee using the webapp, ideally, wouldn't even notice. If I knew that someone were qualified to talk about whatever we're discussing, I'd be more inclined to upvote them. That was fast. I knew OS X and FreeBSD were very similar, but I didn't expect to see GCD in FreeBSD until at least the end of the year. I think it'd be interesting if they included times for unladen-swallow as well. I'm going to guess that pypy is currently further along than u-s, but I haven't done any comparison myself. Probably not. Since python is a dynamic language, there are issues with using the llvm for optimization[1], but overall the llvm's code generator is significantly more mature than pypy's which means that it'll probably be easier to make unladen-swallow reliable. [1] see http://lua-users.org/lists/lua-l/2009-06/msg00071.html and http://lua-users.org/lists/lua-l/2009-06/msg00069.html Google found this video of the t400 for those interested: http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=evk-Ln_TFLA Apparently some people like the screen; some absolutely despise it. Here's a complete review - warning, bad music incoming: http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=pKNxecHXUAU&feature=relat... Doesn't Vala handle that? Not to mention it runs faster and with a lower memory footprint. ReadWriteWeb claims a sale price of $15-22m. Can anyone confirm/deny this? ( http://www.readwriteweb.com/archives/nokia_buys_dopplr_the_o... ) On a tangent, why does everyone drop the 'e' in '*er' these days? Flickr, dopplr, and -many moons ago- twittr. Newegg was never connected with EggHead; it was originally a subsidary of ABS. For future reference, wikipedia is that way ---> http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Newegg#Name >I don't buy it. JWZ is a central point of control for DNA Lounge, I assume; PG is a close to a central point of control for YC news; Linus is a central point of control for Linux kernel enhancements -- or was, for a while; I haven't been keeping up so if I'm wrong, please understand the general point, which is: we happily accept central control as long as there is good will. I think what you're looking for is right here: >as long as there is good will. I don't think nearly as many people would be angry over the App Store if the approval process were sane. Also... >OK... but it's a platform. Sure, but before the iPhone, application development for phones was, in general, significantly more open. If I wanted to deploy a Symbian OS application three years ago, I wrote it and let people download it. Windows Mobile was similar. It's not the fact that it's not open, but it's the fact that it moves the industry towards less openness that's concerning. Hyman Minsky argued exactly that for a long time, and he's only recently been taken seriously: http://www.boston.com/bostonglobe/ideas/articles/2009/09/13/... I take issue with "and it can be shown that they knew it was false". If you're going to force a takedown of someone else's content, it's your responsibility to be entirely sure . According to NetApplications, Bing lost 0.2%, Google lost somewhere around 0.2%, and Yahoo lost 0.44%, but it looks like the biggest real change was Baidu, which caught almost all the users google, yahoo, and bing lost. >there are more slaves than at any time in human history -- 27 million. Total, clearly. C-- is used in GHC over LLVM because it (last I heard) supports tail call optimization better than LLVM does. http://www.haskell.org/pipermail/glasgow-haskell-users/2006-... http://www.haskell.org/pipermail/glasgow-haskell-users/2006-... Those are rather old, though, and LLVM has changed (and improved) a lot since then. I'd also figure that LLVM supports JIT compilation much better than C--, which may not support it at all. >Money: Adsense pays for my hosting bill so can't drop them, besides there is no worthy competitor with Adsense (for small blogs) Project Wonderful? They seem to get decent results: http://www.blogcatalog.com/discuss/entry/project-wonderful-v... That picture is somewhat misleading. Tor (and other VPNs) doesn't bypass the Great Firewall, it makes it irrelevant via encryption and offshore proxies. If the US broadcast free Wifi across China somehow (a la Radio Free Europe), that would bypass the Great Firewall. Adobe Acrobat PDF Reader. This is in part because the manufacturers have adopted standards - be they patented, like x86 and directx, or open like opengl. Unfortunately, we don't see as much in terms of standards on phones. Android addresses this, though, since everything runs on dalvik. A JIT would be nice if we're going to see more resource-intensive stuff. foobar2000 requires a little more finagling than winAMP to set up, but it can be very nice when you do. It's also significantly lighter than winamp. They both do things that iTunes won't (in particular play flac and ogg, which is a very important feature for me). Of course, their graphing calculator comparison neglects the fact that graphing calculators are only priced so high because they have a captive audience, like college textbooks. You can't effectively compete with TI for graphing calculators because school districts outlaw competition. >and everyone was talking about Twitter. Back in 2007, twitter's userbase was smaller than 4chan's and it wasn't nearly as well-known. In 2009, they're now bigger than MySpace. These graphs should show the difference clearly: http://www.google.com/trends?q=twitter%2C+4chan&ctab=0&#... http://www.google.com/trends?q=twitter%2C+myspace&ctab=0... If all webOS applications are coded in JavaScript (so I've heard; didn't look into it too much), the VM overhead could well be dragging things down. Even V8 is ten times as slow as Java or C#, and v8 isn't even available for ARM. You're quite correct. http://www.hardwareinsight.com/apple-to-replace-nvidia-gpus-... While I doubt Maddox alone was a serious influence on anyone's stock price, commentators like him definitely have an influence on people's attitudes; when Crocs became ugly and smelly in the minds of many potential customers, those people were no longer potential customers. (Whether Crocs are actually ugly and smelly is beside the point, though I agree with maddox here) There's more to tail-call optimization than simply imitating iteration using recursion. It lets you navigate through a two-dimensional graph of youtube videos. I personally found the part of the article about Abel summation[1] much more enlightening. It really seems to indicate why 1 - 2 + 3 ... = 1/4 instead of just showing that 1/4 arises if you look at the sums a certain way. [1]: http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/1_−_2_%2B_3_−_4_%2B_·_·_·#Abel_... >Do you USE all the space between your bed and the wall? I can't see three-quarters of my floor. Does that count as "used"? There's a more interesting correlation in the graph: five of the six most obese countries have an English-speaking majority. Zero of the others do. Assuming your netbook has a 32 GB SSD, and that drive capacity doubles every two years, 2099. Assuming that SSD prices drop dramatically and you have a 512 GB SSD (still this year), 2091. In other words: not for a long, long time. The real question is: how could you possibly generate a yottabyte of data? >There is a big difference between Al Qaeda style resistance and collective resistance. Sure, Hamas and Al Qaeda exist but... they are losing and they will inevitably lose. Isn't that what they said about the Viet Cong? If that's true, why doesn't Apple make their own swf viewer? I mean, they're Apple , they have twenty billion dollars in the bank; they can afford to reimplement Flash Player. >What can freemium webapps learn from freemium games? Games have some advantages that can be hard for apps to replicate; games are, in general, more social than typical applications. Games are also somewhat more enviable. When I was 11, a few friends and I played RuneScape (remember runescape?). After one of us got a paid membership, everyone else suddenly got way more interested in having a paid RuneScape membership. That is to say, if one person gets a paid membership to a multiplayer online game, other people in their social circle will probably be more likely to subscribe as well. Taking advantage of this with a webapp would require that you provide something that someone either finds worthwhile showing off or something conspicuous enough that they don't have to. The second condition applied for Apple's iPod in the early part of the decade. It'd also probably be a good idea to offer benefits to groups of paid members as well as to individual paid members. I'm pretty sure it was always an online game played through a Java applet. It's had a few incarnations, but overall it's still pretty similar to when it started. Do you think the problems with the camera are with the hardware or the software? On a related note, is there an SDK? The iPod is hardware; isn't this case about software patents? >Have you tried anything but Ubuntu? I had this question in my head through the whole essay and the top commenter beat me to it. I've heard thousands of issues with the new Ubuntu release (never bothered trying it myself). I doubt I'll recommend Ubuntu to anyone I know who's interested in Linux for quite a while. I've had great experiences with several of non-Ubuntu distros and will probably recommend them instead. In one of my freshman CS courses, one of our last assignments was to read this paper (as well as a more approachable tutorial written by our TAs) and carry this out on a toy architecture (LC3) that we had been working with for the whole course. It was probably the most interesting assignment we had that semester. Python is similar enough to most other programming languages (and has a relatively small featurelist) that it's usually pretty easy to figure out what it does even if you (like me) don't know the language. Of course, you're out of luck if you have only ever used J, by some crazy coincidence. This is really awesome; I've been a fan of enlightenment for a while and personally think it deserves some wider appreciation. However, not to be a Nattering Nabob of Negativism (to steal a phrase from Spiro Agnew), but the enlightenment project predicted an alpha release[1] of e17 in September; it's now November, and there hasn't even been a snapshot since July. That isn't on the top of the list of ways to impress large corporations. [1] http://trac.enlightenment.org/e/wiki/ReleaseSchedule It'd be interesting to see a memory usage comparison as well, especially considering that last I checked unladen-swallow's memory usage was less than stellar. Funny, I was referring to the same class! When did you take it? >Android market might be a little better, but no-one is using it 10000 apps is no-one? This is awesome, but it also feels like something that should have been there from the beginning. >(I can't keep track of which stories I've already read) Most browsers will color a link you've clicked on differently. I know I've read a story because its link is gray. Of course, if I didn't remember them most of the time, I'd wonder if I wasn't wasting time in a more heinous way that I'd originally imagined. Really? Fall or Spring? We might have been in the same class! I've got a script running right now that should be able to color everything by a sort of random walk. It colors around 230 nodes quickly and then slows down, so I suppose I'll find out soon enough. edit: nah, at this rate it won't finish. source here for those interested; you probably just need to iterate over the remaining empty values in a more effective way than I am: http://ctrl-v.org/3708 Try just placing 73 1's. You need to be able to place that many, but I can't get more than 65. What about the Nintendo DS? As someone who's been paying attention to various high-performance battery technologies, I'm a little disappointed that they didn't link to the original paper (if anyone could find it, that'd be nice). However, the author is a little eager to jump to conclusions, some of which are wrong: first, a non-rechargeable battery that "uses air as a cathode" is called a fuel cell, and it's not a particularly new design. In fact, silicon fuel cells have been around since at least 2007 [1]. Also, Bolivia does not have half of the world's supply of lithium; they currently have the cheapest reserves, but as lithium represents about 2% of the cost of producing a lithium-ion battery, there are many more potential reserves available [2]. It's also worth pointing out that we've had non-rechargeable batteries that exceed lithium's energy store potential for quite a while, in the form of lithium-thionyl chloride [3]. Really, though, what seems more interesting to me are the nanostructured silicon-anode lithium-ion batteries, which have been demonstrated multiple times now, have capacities several times those of lithium, and are rechargeable [4] [5] [6]. [1] http://news.cnet.com/2100-1001-983920.html [2] http://gas2.org/2008/10/13/lithium-counterpoint-no-shortage-... [3] http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Lithium_battery [4] http://gas2.org/2008/11/25/silicon-could-give-lithium-ion-ba... [5] http://aiche.confex.com/aiche/2009/webprogrampreliminary/Pap... [6] http://news.stanford.edu/news/2008/january9/nanowire-010908.... "Fructose - Glucose Study Showdown [1] (a)13.9% increase in LDL cholesterol but doubled Apoprotein B (b) 44.9% increase in small LDL" You don't make it clear here whether fructose is (a) or (b), though I'll hazard a guess that it's (b). Considering the amount of failed *chans that showed up both before and after 4chan - world2ch, 5chan, etc, I wouldn't count Moot as merely lucky. At the very least, he kept the site sane by continuing to run it -- in contrast with, say, the constantly fluctuating staff at 7chan. http://stackoverflow.com/questions/1894453/development-time-... should be helpful. SPOILER: Ada and Haskell get high marks. SBCL is very impressive. Until recently[1], it was far and away the quickest implementation for a dynamic language. Considering we have yet to see invokedynamic or tail calls on the JVM, I'm rather unsurprised by SBCL's comfortable lead in performance. [1] LuaJIT 2 GCHQ = Google Corporate Headquarters or something I haven't heard of? It uses the GNU GPL version 3, which is incompatible with the use cases of many of BSD's "customers". Notably, Apple has refused to use the GPLv3 versions of GCC in Mac OS X, and FreeBSD has followed suit by staying with GCC 4.2 until clang is considered finished. It also tends to have problems on less popular architectures that Net/OpenBSD still consider important. The title is relatively misleading: the article doesn't say that atmospheric CO2 levels have been the same every year; rather, the percent of year-by-year emissions which are absorbed has not gone down. >Currently there is no computer, in any form, that is successful because it can be used together with other people in a physical sense. I think this new product must be great to use alone or will not meet the masses. Game consoles come to mind. Mexico is in red, which I suppose is "technically" accurate, but the Mexican Constitution guarantees health care to all citizens: http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Health_care_in_Mexico#Public_he... There's been a popular trend of posting screenshots from Google search recommendations over the past few months; I wouldn't be surprised if one of those shots made it to Google Headquarters (though I'm certainly surprised they didn't notice it sooner!). Also shame on PZ Meyers for yoinking that article from atheists.org. This should clear things up: http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Qubit Also this: http://www.het.brown.edu/people/andre/qlambda/index.html but the basic idea is that quantum computers allow operations to be taken on an entire list simultaneously (entanglement). Languages aren't everything. Gnash, written in C++, never succeeded in replacing Flash even on platforms like *BSD where Flash was nonexistent. In particular, when dealing with Flash, feature-completeness is going to be much more important than perfect performance. Since the Flash VM on Linux and OS X is so slow and software-renders everything, it really won't take much to improve on it. The advantages of a dynamic language are probably going to far outweigh C++'s speed, and Javascript's similarity to Actionscript is icing. Plus, Javascript can take advantage of whatever hardware-accelerated graphics library the browser vendor chooses. At those prices, it's cheaper to buy music legitimately. Purchasing power parity per capita per year? (by this measure, Cameroon is 24 times as poor as the US, perhaps not what the article was going for) I would apply Hanlon's Razor here. I'd venture the journalist misinterpreted what Google was saying, as many headlines on popular news aggregators talked about Google "pulling out of China". I'm surprised Dirac hasn't come up more in this discussion. It's as free as Theora - perhaps freer, since the BBC can guarantee there are no submarine patents - and it's miles ahead of Theora, comparable to h.264. Simple trick: come up with "random" numbers, from your own head. Make a list of them. They're not random, but part of the charm here is noticing that even you're affected by Benford's Law. Now, pair them off, in order, and write down the products: you'll notice a large amount start with 1! (of course you'll actively avoid this if you're expecting it) They also used to be a major player in the PowerPC line. >You might think a compiler could do several optimizations here, and you'd be right. But you'd only be right if the compiler could reorder the terms in A + B + C, or even if it could apply the notion that (A + B) + C == A + (B + C). But it ain't so in Java, at least not when I last looked at it. Except Java is statically typed, so it's possible for the compiler to know if f returns an int, and it can rearrange the expression given that knowledge. unladen-swallow does not get a 5x speedup, but pypy gets pretty close. http://morepypy.blogspot.com/search?updated-min=2010-01-01T0... http://article.gmane.org/gmane.comp.lang.lua.general/42210 is tangentially related. May I suggest Lua with metalua? It seems to have most of what you're looking for (and luajit is very fast). Such as? >I simply disagree with this. It is not a right that everyone have a free education anymore than it is a right that everyone have a free pair of underwear, but people get confused because one seems noble and the other silly. Why do they use the word "free" here when obviously it isn't? http://economix.blogs.nytimes.com/2009/10/06/what-happened-t... I'm not sure if I'm misinterpreting this, but it looks like lazy evaluation could make his "synchronous event loop" into his "asynchronous event loop" without all the worry about callbacks. A few Lispy macros could have the same effect. I guess an "asynchronous web framework" (buzzword bingo!) written in a Lisp (or any language with macros, like Lua) would be interesting. Or maybe I'm getting this wrong. Please stop mincing words; you know as well as I do what the phrase "free and compulsory education" refers to. Yes, it's tax-funded. No, taxes do not constitute enslavement . (And before you mention that you said "payment or enslavement of others", let's both agree to admit that you included the word "enslavement" solely for dramatic effect.) I'm not going to play the "human rights" game, because you have no rights [1]. I'm going to say that providing education to everyone has been proven time and again to be good for society [2]. The attitude of "oh well it's not a right" is perhaps the greatest piece of sophistry I've been subjected to in some time, in that the definition of a "right" is entirely subjective and consequently useless. It is a right as much as the freedom of speech, in that it's provision helps to provide a basic framework that is necessary for a free society. An uneducated populace cannot perform simple democratic tasks, like, say, voting. Speaking of which, why is voting a right? Doesn't counting several million ballots require "significant effort"? I certainly couldn't do it in an afternoon! Are you "enslaved" by having to pay for people to count ballots? [1] http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=hWiBt-pqp0E#t=4m0s [2] http://economix.blogs.nytimes.com/2009/11/03/want-a-stronger... s/great/well-designed\ and\ properly-tested/; s/good/feature-complete/; (Am I getting this right? My perl is rusty.) It's hard to disagree with this guy. What's the point of a 5 megapixel camera if it can't focus properly? >You're usually better off using coroutines for this sort of asynchronous programming in Lua. Macros and coroutines don't solve the same problem here. Macros provide wrappers that make "callbacks" implicit; coroutines provide scheduling. >Also, Lua doesn't have macros, at least not in the sense that Lisp and Prolog do. It just has eval. http://metalua.luaforge.net/ I object! >It pisses me off to no end that I can’t use that word out of fear for my own life This is easily the most offensive sentence in the article. Black people are not mythical stabby monsters. For Opera users, you can change the styling of any page to black-on-white: In Opera stable, it's view -> style -> High Contrast (B/W). In the beta, it's page tools -> style -> High Contrast (B/W). Yeah, some people deserve to starve. Fuck 'em. >human visual response is non-linear Human visual response to color is also nonlocal , which has an array of interesting effects. That makes a very noticeable difference! Why isn't it the default? > So there it is. SQL doesn't scale (effectively or efficiently). You might just want to say "cheaply". It's another case of "right tool for the job". If you're just looking for a data store , NoSQL may be right up your alley. If you need a query language, you may want SQL. I mean, the fact is that there are a lot of servers out there even today that are running SQL databases to be used simply as dumb data stores. It's not the most efficient coding, but it happens, at least partially because MySQL is available on every shared host and their brothers (wait, what?). Rechargeable batteries good enough to power a vehicle would be nice. [2005] (relevant, since it's a current events article) They're native in Perl 6, and people above have linked to libraries for Lua and Clojure. I think there's a library for Python as well somewhere or other. Also peg/leg for C is intended (iirc) as a direct competitor to flex/bison et al. It'd be a lot of fun bringing in water, food, and oil, that's for sure. The introduction of HIV protease inhibitors in 1995-6 was pretty big. http://content.nejm.org/cgi/content/abstract/338/13/853 > Mortality among the patients declined from 29.4 per 100 person-years in 1995 to 8.8 per 100 person-years in the second quarter of 1997. I'll still view it as a rumor until Google confirms, personally. If you want to try something like throwing out lots of the current design and going to a new one, it'd probably be best to go around, drum up support, and bill it as something new. Sounds cool, but someone has to get coding. >and can't help feeling that exposing more people to that isn't a great thing. So the solution is to throw them in jail? It is, however, really the only alternative to legalization. Decriminalization is stupid. Dispensary systems are stupid. Coffee shops are stupid. Decriminalization is stupid because the implication is that cannabis is evil, and the only reason people want to smoke it is that they're addicted. This is false. The "push toward treatment" isn't helpful for anyone who isn't addicted and doesn't want to be treated, like me. Plus there's the implication that selling someone to someone who asks for it is somehow evil, which is even worse ("Selling is legal! Fucking is legal! Why isn't selling fucking legal?!"). Dispensary systems are stupid because dishonesty is baked (haha) into the system. The South Park episode Medicinal Fried Chicken is a decent explanation, but the short of it is that people fake illness to get weed. Granted, this is like people faking illness to get painkillers -- but since cannabis is significantly safer than opioids and benzodiazepines, doctors are significantly less likely to care. It's not an issue with physical consequences, since cannabis is extremely safe when used under medical supervision, just the fact that lying becomes so much more prevalent. Coffee shops are lame because free markets work[1], so why don't we have one? They're not that bad, though -- the implementation of such a system would bump the legalization of cannabis way down my priority list. What really gets me on this is that people conflate the question "should cannabis be legal" with the question "should you smoke cannabis". Nobody conflates the legality of trampolines with the safety of trampolines. I find it incredibly disheartening when people I know -- smart people, in most respects -- respond to legalization with the idiotic knee-jerks "but it's dangerous !", "but my friend does nothing but smoke weed ", ad absurdum. I know people who do nothing but play video games. I know at least one person who quit his job and left everyone he knew to become a paragliding instructor. He took a huge pay cut, too. And this latter example, I think, illustrates the biggest issue I have with arguments like yours: Who the hell do you think you are that you can dictate what someone does with their life? If it's what they enjoy, they can go for it. Even if it is a bad decision -- you really can't outlaw bad decisions, because it's hard to say what is a bad decision. Thing is, the sort of "always-on" lifestyle, that sort where cannabis (also other distracting activities ) is most likely to interfere, really isn't a good fit for some people. Some people burn out on weed, some burn out on other things. Thing is, sometimes people just burn out . I think there are a lot of people who come into this argument from a pro-prohibition point of view because someone close to them changed after they started smoking marijuana. And I think that this is akin to blaming a spark for a bomb. The thing is, that your stock-broker friend may in fact have been unhappy as a stock broker. It is possible, even likely, from my anecdotal experience, that he latched onto weed because he didn't like where he was in life. It doesn't really matter if you think he should have liked where he was in life. There are plenty of harm reduction arguments for legalization, but I prefer the libertarian argument because, I think, it most directly refutes the central point of the popular anti-legalization arguments. [1]: with a few exceptions. > And yet decriminalization has proven tentatively successful when trialled. It's more of a logical thing than a physical thing. If you can't justify throwing a cannabis user in jail, how do you justify throwing a cannabis seller in jail? It's ludicrous! If you can't justify throwing someone in jail for smoking weed, how do you justify fining them $100? It essentially encourages organized crime. You're feeding a black market that has no competition, for chrissake. > I think it is absolutely fine to talk to people about their "bad" life choices. Of course it is. I make no claim that you can't try to tell someone not to smoke weed, only that you oughtn't try to force someone not to smoke weed. And that's what prohibition is, and that's also what the goal of decriminalization is. > it's not so readily available that it becomes the kind of widespread habit smoking became. It doesn't matter! If 24% of the country wants to smoke weed, then 24% of the country can smoke weed! I think you'll find, though, that most people choose not to. This is another assumption that I think gets ignored: "if weed is legal, everyone will want to use it" -- well, hell, if everyone wanted to use it, they would already. Most people don't want to use it. If that's your main concern, it's worth pointing out that it wouldn't matter if weed were sold in every gas station in the country: cannabis usage probably would never rise above 15% or so. It's already 11%, according to the WHO. A lot of people don't even like it, if you read bluelight. This is the third thing that bugs me: somewhere along the line cannabis became the best feeling ever. I like alcohol more than weed. I smoke (vaporize?) weed more than I drink because the negatives are less severe. > Agreed, ny friend was not one of them though. But that's what they all say! Everyone's friend was perfectly happy. People who burn out don't do nothing -- they while away their time playing video games, or masturbating (ya rly), and slowly neglect things that they may have once enjoyed. That said, I accept what you are saying. It's true: some people do get addicted. But punishing everyone because some people react badly doesn't work. More to the point: punishing me because someone got addicted is being a dick . Punishing the guy who sells me weed is still being a dick. Punishing the guy who sold your friend weed is being a dick. I'd like to make a potentially difficult claim: selling cannabis to a burnout is not necessarily wrong [1]. It is not entirely the responsibility of a seller to control the use of their product. The image of a predatory dealer who pushes cannabis on an addict who is trying to quit[2] is, in my experience, largely false, especially among the affluent and the well-educated. It happens, though I can't think of any particular instance. It can't happen under a system of legitimized commerce. It is frightening to see people use it as an argument against a system of legitimized commerce. [1]: In a world where cannabis is legal, they would be responsible for adequately and accurately informing the user of the risks of cannabis, verifying the user's age, and possibly for providing information about treatment for cannabis addiction. All of these are good things. All of these can't happen under prohibition or decriminalization. In fact, the only way I can see to blame a drug dealer is if they claim that their product isn't addictive -- which doesn't happen, and can't happen, in the world of legitimate commerce. [2]: The image of a dealer who gives out free first samples of extremely addictive things is a little more grounded in reality. Cannabis is not one of those things, in that I hope we can all agree that it is not extremely addictive. EDIT: Slight, but significant, modification to last paragraph. I intended to clarify that the provision of cannabis is not a problem in and of itself -- there are of course unethical things that a dealer can do and may have done in your friend's case. ps: Personal freedom is a hard argument to make, and it can be a bitter pill to swallow (Farnsworth: "now, if they could put it in the form of a suppository"). I think that's why tax revenue dominates the national stage. I don't like it, really. Instead of having to make a difficult -- but ultimately sensible -- decision, that might establish a serious, meaningful precedent, we are instead distracted by the prospect of more shiny things that we might get. You mean like the kind that already exist? http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Atomic_battery ...unless you're not okay with it. > there is a massive gap in the market for a fast, easy payment system that doesn't treat serious customers like dirt. You're thinking of AlertPay. So... this would mean that all of those things that we assume make you live longer "because they do them in Japan" are bullshit, correct? This has to have been covertly leaked by said 'cheeky developer'. I refuse to believe that anyone found this randomly. I think you need to look more specifically at what exactly the Gates Foundation does if you want to answer the questiona at the end of the article. They're known for fighting disease, primarily; disease in third-world countries is a major barrier to industrial expansion into these countries. Further, charity has achieved at least one major victory: the eradication of smallpox, perhaps the greatest achievement in human history, so I'd say it's contributed at least a little -- and the Gates Foundation has some good precedent for their goals. Edward Jenner introduced the variola vaccine in the late 1700s. Polio didn't even become a major problem until after his death! >In developed countries during the late 19th and early 20th centuries, improvements were made in community sanitation, including better sewage disposal and clean water supplies. These changes drastically increased the proportion of children and adults at risk of paralytic polio infection, by reducing childhood exposure and immunity to the disease. (Edward Jenner died in 1823) Water, milk, green tea, orange juice. Coffee, occasionally. Soda and energy drinks, I go by an "only if it's free" rule. Alcoholic: Yuengling is my go-to beer, I'm not exactly picky and I'll drink just about anything if I'm looking to get drunk, which is usually. I love good Scotch and always drink it straight. Whenever people whine about PayPal, I usually mention AlertPay, and get maybe one upvote and otherwise I'm ignored. What's wrong with AlertPay? They seem like a pretty honest business and I've never had any trouble with them, though I've only ever bought things, not sold them. Nicotine demethylates when heated into nornicotine. This reacts with saliva to form the carcinogenic N-nitrosonornicotine -- which is also found in any variety of cured tobacco. While not itself carcinogenic, it is incredibly hard to separate nicotine from cancer, unfortunately. http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Kim_Janda#Nornicotine http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/N-Nitrosonornicotine The article on Wikipedia takes no position on the proposition. In fact, it makes it sound better than, say, the newspapers do. I take issue with the bad science involved in saying that terahertz radiation causes cancer. Terahertz radiation is very low energy, far too low to ionize DNA the way that UV rays do. If they're using actual X-rays, that's another thing entirely. I don't know if there is a single government agency more universally reviled than the TSA. I cannot think of a single person who supports this, and yet it happens. Unbelievable. It's altruism, but it isn't astonishing in it's volume. I'm sure that of any suitably large group of people, the total dollar amount of donations to worthy causes will be well into the tens of thousands, which is basically what reddit's done here. You might call them kind of naive for doing things only about those causes that manage to get popular on reddit -- while reddit has some well-publicized random acts of kindness the overall impact of what they've done is pretty tiny. Would some of those thousands of dollars have been better spent fighting malaria? I really can't say. Is it impressive to donate only to those causes that are presented in such a fashion as to jerk at the proverbial heart-strings? I should think not. Is reddit above the rest of the Internet in its altruism? I would say perhaps not, but they're a good and valuable net community. There are many instances of Internet activism accomplishing something good, both inside and outside of reddit, and I would say that reddit's accomplishments are nothing short of pretty good. If you total the number of people living in Western democracies, you get more than 1.3 billion, the current population of China. You can prove this easily, if you count India as a Western democracy, or harder, if you don't (US + South America (except for Venezuela) + Mexico + Western Europe). >there are some cultures to which democratization is simply incompatible There's no evidence at all to believe that democracy wouldn't work in China, as it's never been tried. On the other hand, if you look at the downfall of the Soviet Union, Russia's experiment with democracy has been quite a success, even if it's not so perfect a freedom as we're party to in the US. It's certainly not Stalinist and the very existence of organized resistance movements in Russia, something that would have been entirely unheard-of thirty years ago, is a sign that they've made huge strides in the right direction, and their global standing seems to have benefited. >Even here in the US, we're finding that our rights to move freely must be tempered by TSA searches, PATRIOT act and other impingements in the name of security If by "security" you mean "security theatre", then sure. The vast majority of academics disagree with the new restrictions, and most people I know think they're absurd. >What if that is actually the end-run for civilization and it's actually the US that is behind the political ideology curve? Let's all hope not! I cannot understand this argument, as there seems to be no substance to it. There's a weight of literature on the value of freedom (e.g. John Locke, Voltaire), and little inquiry in this regard. >We seem to be moving inexorably toward China-like "freedom with caveats" direction, and the electorate actually seems to prefer it I have no idea how you could come to this conclusion. The vast majority of tea party anxiety over Obama was that he was restricting freedom too much . The main issue of the protesters was that their freedom was threatened, at least in their perception, and whether the candidates they chose are actually working to improve freedom is not quite so relevant as the reasons they chose such candidates. Quite the contrary, just two weeks ago the US state of California came closer to legalizing marijuana than has any other entity for the past thirty years. A general movement toward restricted freedom, indeed. We're seeing such major gains such as legalized abortion and gay marriage even in highly religious regions such as South America and, aparently, Tunisia, and many countries with a long history of human rights violations, e.g. Bangladesh, Vietnam, Nicaragua, have improved markedly in recent years -- the current state of affairs is close to the freeest many such countries have ever seen. You don't hear about all the good things happening in the world in the news as much, but they're happening. The doctrine that freedom of speech is an inalienable human right may have been implemented in the US some 234 years ago, but it only became international law 60 years ago. Progress, indeed. >They are all, of course, almost bombastically fervent about a strong military, and support the wars. You know, this is so entirely wrong that it discredits the whole paragraph. You clearly know nothing about the Tea Party movement, or even that it was started in support of Ron Paul, the most anti-war politician there is. >I mean, if we continually capitulate to those parties and politicians who support anti-democracy, anti-freedom ideas and laws, why wouldn't there be substance to the argument? Who's capitulating? There are more democracies in the world today than ever before. Ever . Name one. 1) An image-blocker script isn't going to prevent the viruses from working. It's also certainly not going to keep people from trying -- further, if they can't visit known, safe sites, they'll keep looking and find their way to the dangerous ones. 2) If someone is crazy enough to download child pornography onto a public machine, they're almost surely good enough to bypass whatever protection mechanisms you may have in place. >What does crazy have to do with skilled? That's a really good question -- the short answer is it's a really great motivator. Some random pedophile, who wants to obtain child porn, first must learn how, and in the process they would have to learn some basic computer skills, as well as learning to bypass the mechanisms we (rightly) have in place to prevent such material from being distributed, and to catch those who download it. This is why malcontent teenagers who would want to do something like DDoS tumblr are far more likely to know how to do that than well-adjusted teenagers who don't care. Is that a reference to GOBBLES, by any chance? > finding verifiably humanely-raised meat is difficult enough that I'm not sufficiently interested to bother, and there are practical advantages in eating a predictable diet. http://slowfood.org/ GOBBLES is a trolling/security outfit of sorts. They've given talks at Defcon but as far as I know their members are basically anonymous. >Please don't break down into some 'but animals die all the time in the wild,' argument. Yeah, let's not bring up a totally valid objection! The RSS is good, the Opera mail is good... the IRC and bittorrent, on the other hand, are not very good at all, which is sad, because it would be very nice if they were! http://www.joelonsoftware.com/articles/CamelsandRubberDuckie... The rich are taxed a lot? They're taxed at a lower level than any other time in the past twenty years -- that's not a lot . The richest people around today -- Gates, Jobs, Ellison, Buffett -- made a significant portion of their money during a time (the '90s) when the top marginal rate was higher than today's. Clearly, that didn't stop them! I'm going to break the rules here and answer two languages. First, you should learn one of the easy dynamic languages. This means Perl, PHP, Python, Ruby, Lua, Clojure. I think Ruby is a good choice because it has a lot of cool concepts built in to the core language that the others lack, and so it can be a foundation for learning many different styles of programming -- it does this, in my opinion, better than Python, and has a nicer syntax than Perl. _why's poignant guide to ruby is a bit outdated but still a pretty awesome and cool introduction. http://mislav.uniqpath.com/poignant-guide/ Second, and this might come as a shock, some form of basic assembler. I recommend LC-3 assembler. And the main reason here is that a decent understanding of the memory model is going to help you a lot when it comes to dealing with pointers, complex data structures, or anything, really. You'll probably never write a program longer than 100 lines in LC-3, but the short things you do write will give you a deeper understanding of your code everywhere else. http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/LC-3 http://highered.mcgraw-hill.com/sites/0072467509/student_vie... There may actually be a newer "learning assembler"-styled language out there, but I am not aware of it. LC-3 is showing its age, but it was great when I learned to program, and I learned as much programming for three months in LC-3 as two years prior in Java. That said, you should definitely familiarize yourself with control structures prior to jumping into assembler or you could break your brain. Health is a much more long-term thing than 6-8 weeks. I'd wait at least a year to pass judgement on any health proposal, unless it's clearly not working, and if you can't keep it up for a year, well... AlwaysInnovating's touchbook beats the iPad on price, last I checked. http://alwaysinnovating.com/ This reminds me uncomfortably about that crazy "internet ID" program Obama has been advocating. Also, I'm not giving TechCrunch my Facebook login. I don't want them messing with my Facebook, and I really don't see any reason to trust them. FreeBSD desktop user here. We're as rare as the dodo, apparently. Would you call PGP a walled garden? >none of the men in the room had actually read their contract. Only two of them knew how to read. Only two of them knew how to read? Now, whose fault is that, Dubai's government, or India's? If so much of India's population is illiterate, they're screwed wherever they live, be it Dubai or Japan. Vietnam's literacy rate is over 90%. India can surely do better. What I'm saying is, these are India's (and Pakistan's) citizens, not Dubai's. The onus is on India's government to protect them, not Dubai. It is to be expected that a pseudo-organization concocted (or shall I say "arisen") to combat a government which is itself magnificently designed to quickly and thoroughly shut down any organization formed in its opposition, that such a resisting force might have a hard-to-understand structure, purely out of necessity. Basically, there's a virtual firehose of disgruntled people, and then there are a few (a "few" in this context meaning a few hundred) smart people who facilitate their efforts to do damage to the system they collectively revile. For example, I doubt that the creators of LOIC have ever used it themselves. Assange used to break into systems himself, but these days he just makes it easier for other people who break into systems to report what they find. In the case of Wikileaks, these facilitators are at least themselves organized, lead by Julian Assange. In the case of Anonymous, they are less organized, spread across lots of random IRC channels, wikis, and imageboards, so that even the people running the show don't know who is running the show. Such a system would, of course, collapse immediately, if there weren't a constant, massive influx of disgruntled people with Internet connections and plenty of free time to read through bugtraq archives and free online hacking guides, and the recklessness necessary to not care if you get caught (notice how various arrests haven't stopped anyone). Those who don't get caught, they eventually start teaching other people, providing kids who wander into lcirc asking "how does I hacked BoA" with the information necessary to make it happen. Recall that the hack that took down HBGary wasn't technically astounding; it was a combination of HBGary's total incompetence and Anon's willingness to try shit until it worked. So, could this be Wikileaks operating under the banner of Anonymous, and is Wikileaks itself a part of Anonymous? It's hard to say, because Anonymous is itself more of a phenomenon than a group, a criticality accident of discontent, if you will. They both operate on the same principles, though. (see http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Criticality_accident ) "Discoveries" are unlike ideas in that they build on each other, giving them value of their own. The guy has a long track record of saying he's going to do something, and not doing it. Take his proclamation, upon entering office, that the detention center at Guantanamo would be closed within a year. It's still open. Take his statements back around 2004-2006 that we needed to decriminalize marijuana. It took two years of the same issue rising to the top of polls for the guy to even address it, and he brushed it off. Take his promise to fight for better healthcare -- except during the voting, I heard more from Nancy Pelosi and Harry Reid than I did from Obama. Or the whole "let's talk diplomatically to Iran". Argh! Now I'm confused and don't know what to use! I'm a case of this. I met these motherfuckers from Turkey and Bahrain through the community surrounding that little flash game "n". Also several (?) people from Finland, a guy from Bulgaria, and another from Singapore. That's assuming that a copy of the legible characters wouldn't lose any of the original information -- the way words are written could matter. It's not just amusing -- it's a clever, unique and interesting solution to a common problem, however pyrrhic[1] the victory might be. [1] -- http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Pyrrhic_victory He was joking about the comment "//why isn't this async?" which appears in every entry. Well, my last job was with the Navy, which I suppose is The Man, but that doesn't fit into any of the poll options. It'd be good to add "public sector" and "military" options, I think. Even the Republicans don't grease their slopes this much. One guy killing one elephant for the sake of a minor and frankly uninteresting publicity stunt (and this guy being part of a small minority of company owners capable of doing this, since shareholders would never approve) does not ipso facto lead to a bunch of rich sport-hunters decimating the wildlife population of Africa as a revival of some sort of primal hunting instinct. That's absolutely absurd. I seem to recall this show back in the day called the "Crocodile Hunter" featuring the contest of a human with an endangered species in waaaaay more glorified terms than this. >He killed an elephant [...] People should be outraged at that. Few sentences later: > [...] That doesn't mean they don't have a right to an opinion [...] Pick one. Kind of ironic that this would happen on World Backup Day, perhaps? http://worldbackupday.com/ What would really be interesting is someone finding a nonconstructive proof that P = NP. It would be quite a scramble to find the missing algorithms... 150, huh? http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Dunbars_number I think people misinterpret the concept of Dunbar's number. It isn't how many people you can keep track of -- it's how large of a team you can hold together, provided you spend massive amounts of your time on team-building. From the article: >Dunbar has argued that 150 would be the mean group size only for communities with a very high incentive to remain together. For a group of this size to remain cohesive, Dunbar speculated that as much as 42% of the group's time would have to be devoted to social grooming. Spending 42% of your time on social grooming isn't a very efficient way to run a company, though, especially when you only work 8 of your 16 waking hours (and that's generally considered a good thing). Shouldn't you just be able to report the corrupt official for not giving you the refund in the first place? Politics, I'm definitely with you. "Current events", though, is an extremely broad term -- what exactly did you intend it to mean? Sounds like it might lead to abuse. If a comment is -that- bad, it should be worth taking the time to flag it. Something slashdotty -- i.e. qualitative moderation, not just quantitative moderation -- would help. If you had seperate upvote buttons for "amusing" and "informative", this could factor into sorting. >Is there some other way to show what the most interesting comments in a thread are? How about if I displayed the point totals for subtrees, but not for individual leaves? How about dispaying the rounded log(score)? You give some indication of how well a comment is doing but it's hard to vote strategically. Not that easy with negative and zero scores, obviously, but those usually aren't the comments people are looking for. Lua still has no regex-dna because the standard string functions aren't proper regexes (no choice operator) and LPeg isn't available as a Debian package (which is the real problem). 'course, it'd be hard for LuaJIT to do much better in the shootout than it does now. It's beating C#. Why not at the least accept the first submission for the PyPy entries? It shouldn't matter that it doesn't run on CPython -- if it's idiomatic Python and it runs on PyPy it looks valid. At the same time, I can see where the guy is coming from with ctypes. I wouldn't say that the politics of the early 20th century exactly got us to very good places. We got a Depression and then a massive War. But... but social is an adjective. As far as I can tell, Google is talking about implementing social feedback in a sense similar to Slashdot (also Digg, Reddit, HN, etc), not social networking a la Facebook. And this feedback mechanism on search results is the basis of the 25% bonus[1]. How does voting on search results relate to Facebook? [1] -- since this could use a source, see http://www.theregister.co.uk/2011/04/08/google_bonuses_tied_... and 'Page is tying a proverbial lamb chop around the neck of its new social thingy, "Google +1" [...]'. Palytoxin. EDIT: Oh, the deadliest, not the second deadliest. Botulinum toxin, of course. >second deadlist in the natural world, not overall. The deadliest "synthetic" poison with a known toxic level is polonium-210, used in the murder of Alexander Litivenko. It comes in third to palytoxin and botulinum toxin in potency. I always figured you would assume the market is in equilibrium, unless you can prove it isn't by e.g. evidence of intentional discrimination, that sort of thing. In an efficient market -- a market in equilibrium (I took economics a long time ago) -- everyone earns what their labor is worth. Any wage gap in such a situation is by definition still fair: everyone is getting what they earn. This is assuming the 10-year / 10000-hour rule can both a: drop that first bit and b: is not dependent on critical periods of learning early in life. This seems logical. It doesn't seem shocking to propose that considering the way he went about this 10000-hour experiment decision, he'll soon find something new to worry about and quit before he finishes. It's more like Three Mile Island, in that its scale and the damage it caused is likely to be overstated for many years to come. >You find someone perfect but he has a competing job offer and is asking for 110k/yr instead of just 100. He's no better than the other 9 people you have already hired. If he's not better than any of the other people working for you, these people can also presumably get a $110k job. Otherwise, if they can't, he is better; the market deems it so, and the solution is to publicly give the guy $110k. Is it fair? Well, it's not biased -- it certainly isn't egalitarian, but were I an employee making $100k in this situation I'd much prefer transparency to shadiness! Vala could be a contender on the "system languages" list -- it's runtime is just GLib, which has already been ported to all sorts of platforms and optimized quite well, and Vala is quite a nice language in and of itself. http://live.gnome.org/Vala Also, I don't think he gives the game-oriented scripting languages quite enough credit. They're not as mature as Lua, but almost all of them seem like more likely competitors with Lua than Stackless Python or Io, much less Tcl or Javascript (all of which except V8 are slower than Lua, and when Lua's performance is already an issue that's not encouraging) -- most of the game-oriented languages solve one of the biggest Lua gripes quite handily, which is that Lua's exclusive use of floating-point arithmetic makes it a pain (okay this is hearsay) on ARM-based platforms without floating point units (which is most of them). The good news is that LuaJIT now has a port to powerpc along with the mainstream i386 and amd64 ports, and to my knowledge an arm port of the interpreter is in the works as well. The best domain registrar of which I'm aware -- everyone I know who's used it has been happy with it -- is http://nearlyfreespeech.net/ . I've also used DynDNS and been very happy with them; someone else mentioned them as well. NFS doesn't make it obvious that they do domain registration -- you have to click through to "services" to see it. A surprisingly short loop: http://earslap.com/projectslab/otomata/?q=3z3o43503s and some lame attempt at "chaos": http://earslap.com/projectslab/otomata/?q=1h4o2n (though of course these are just finite state machines and they all loop eventually) You say you refuse to learn them. If you're not going to learn their technology what use can you possibly be? If you read the Bloomberg article more carefully, you'll notice that the 5-8% figure refers to rooftop solar installations, not the sort of large-scale solar panel fields produced by a utility company. That all is not terribly relevant -- the article isn't claiming that solar power will be cheaper than coal by 2013, rather it is simply fielding speculation about the implications of solar becoming cheaper than coal. There's a much longer article linked, and it deals with the practical issues of solar power: http://www.fastcompany.com/magazine/131/solar-goes-supernova... http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Wardenclyffe_Tower You've got the best chance if you do something like this. No wires = no evil countries cutting wires. If you're going to state an opinion, you ought to give some justification. Linus can use as his justification the experience he has gained from running a major open-source project. Someone who has not run a major open-source project cannot use that justification. If pg wants to talk about starting a successful company, he can use as a reference his experience starting that thing he sold to Yahoo! for loadsamoney, et cetera. "Is it possible to create a cheesecake using moondust?" How about stardust? I'm throwing my tantrum all the way to Hacker News! Here's to bitter angst and indiscreet not-quite finger-pointing. Also, 2592 = 2^5 * 9^2. Hypocrisy. There's nothing more pathetic and annoying than and "I'm leaving" blog post. They always take the same format: a bunch of complaints leveled against nameless individuals (but they know who they are , that sort of thing) and lip service to the author's pet peeve that nobody else cares about. I mean, it kind of started off with a big invitation to please roll your eyes: 43? 43 is not that old. You're tired of all "the arguing"? Stop arguing. But let's start at the end, because that's where the meat of this post is. "I'm tired of seeing cool new projects and realizing I will never use them, because I don't want to be associated with key members of the communities surrounding them." This is stupid. He's tired of acting like a petulant child, he says. "I'm tired of those unable or unwilling to see outside their blinkered little world, and to think that others might think differently, and to think that their feelings might matter." So he writes a blog post and put a reddit vote-me-up on the side. "I'm tired of having to delete comments on Perlbuzz because the commenters can't manage to make a point without slinging insults at those with whom they disagree." You moderate a community. It's not a status position, it's a job. If it's too much work, you can quit. Nobody will hate you for it. People quit staff positions in the big communities I'm a part of all the time; they usually stay in the community and they're just tired of taking care of it. It's fair, and it doesn't require a rant. Obviously he's not happy with the state of moderation on perlbuzz, but that's something best taken up with the rest of the staff "hey $name, we should crack down on insults more" not the community at large. When moderators do this, it ends up making the whole community look bad. That shouldn't surprise you, because "making the community look bad" is clearly the intent of his little rant here. He's mud-slinging. "That means less contribution, technical and otherwise, from me, and from the others who have shared the same concerns with me regarding their own contributions." What's funny is this is probably the kind of status game he's complaining about up above. The people who are the most profane and arrogant in a community are none-too-rarely the people who estimate highly the value of their contributions (be they commensurately brilliant a la Gregory House or otherwise). I'm sure -- I don't know the guy, but I can give him the benefit of the doubt -- I'm sure Andy Lester has made some pretty valuable contributions to the Perl community in the past. So, yes, "Perl loses because of it." This little ending touch is apparently Mr. Lester's way of totally disclaiming involvement in the situation; he's absolutely refusing to take responsibility for leaving. And Perl loses because of it. Now on to the totally unrelated personal quest that nobody cares about he tries to make it applicable to the situation. >I'm tired of hearing that profanity in written communication doesn't matter because hey, it's just words, man. This is a curveball. How do you think this little unrelated tidbit made it in to the post? I mean, what does it have to do with anything? As far as I can tell, it's clearly a reference to some other argument. It's an argument he also probably lost , because nobody keeps complaining and carrying on about the arguments they won. It's lame to bring it up while complaining about the general attitude of the Perl community towards each other. It's also an argument where, if you ask me, he's totally wrong. Profanity - fuck , shit , cunt , piss , asshole , cocksucker - the complaint is leveled against those who say these are "just words", and perhaps "just words" isn't a very good description. Profanity is more like noise. Its effect when added to a sentence is to make the rest of the sentence louder . It has no intrinsic kindness or meanness to it. Some of the best parts of life are "fucking awesome"; the worst are "fucking terrible" or even "fucking shitty". So it's a part of the English language, and it gets plenty of use in text because there aren't many ways to make text "loud". It's a natural human instinct to talk louder when you're angry or excited, and complain as much as you will that instinct really isn't going anywhere fast. Even those who abstain from "fuck" and "shit" find other ways to amplify their statements, be it through an excessive use of formatting (bold formatting is both louder and more visually offensive than italic formatting), plenty of symbolic annotation (by surrounding words with -dashes-, \ asterisks\ , /slashes/, or _underscores_), or abuse of grammatical conventions (these are too numerous to list, but include writing every word on it's own line, Capitalizing Every Word In The Sentence, putting. a. period. after. everything., or the dreaded "allcaps"). To me, it's pointless and silly and even elitist in some cases to argue over how precisely this amplification of textual communication is done. To draw a distinction between the guy who peppers his sentence with "cunt" and the guy who murders my linefeed with his Enter key is disingenuous, and to exile those who don't use whatever a community's "preferred" amplification style is insular and xenophobic. Profanity ranks quite low on the scale of offenses here, because it is perhaps the easiest to ignore and I'd rather see it than most of the alternatives. A bit of background: I'm not a part of the Perl community; I have scant knowledge of Perl but as far as I know it's a fine language used and maintained by plenty of talented individuals and I've heard Moose is really cool though I can't make head or tail of it. I do, however, know pathetic when I see it. EDIT: I hope this isn't too personal. The main point is not "I hate Andy Lester" -- just please don't ever imitate what he's doing here. Who am I to say things to this guy's face? I don't know him. I haven't been aware of his existence, beyond maybe having used a project or two that he's worked on, until today. He presumably doesn't want to hear from me. I'm saying that his behavior is bad for the community, both Perl's and ours. I'm saying it to "the HN community", because I have nobody else to say it to. We've seen this before. It was titled "Rails is a ghetto" and whatever change it inspired didn't cover the drama it caused. Zed himself said he was sorry to have written it. Goddamnit. I saw this link and I was all careful to turn on Beethoven's Fifth before I clicked it, and then it was a dissappointing "We're going to release these files" with only a few of the files posted. Assange, you'd better know damn well what you're doing, because sooner or later you're going to be running around yelling about all the shit you have on them and they'll kill you before you can release it. If GPG is a failure, I'd say failure is looking pretty good. This would matter if there were more than 12 licenses. As it stands, it takes less than a minute to look at every possibility on the chart. I wouldn't say it's that shallow. Osama's death has serious political repercussions, much more so than e.g. Michael Jackson or Billy Mays. It could certainly generate interesting discussion. But in reality it did , or at least I'd say as much. Could we theoretically form some sort of trust network of HN users' personal mailservers? Would that help at all? A lack of dopamine (especially in the extrapyramidal system) is what causes Parkinson's. An excess of dopamine (especially in the mesolimbic pathway) is what causes schizophrenia. Nicotine does increase dopamine in the brain, but only in the same way that my car plays music. It does that, but it's not really relevant to the way nicotine works -- nicotine acts to stimulate an ion channel called the nicotinic acetylcholine receptor. This ion channel stimulation causes several downstream effects, most notably the release of endorphins (biomolecules which mimic the function of morphine), and also the release of adrenaline (which increases focus and concentration). They were complaining more . Ever read The Great Gatsby ? http://www.sciencebasedmedicine.org/?p=5166 This is a great article from the sciencebasedmedicine guys about the state of dichloroacetate as a cancer treatment. A bit long-winded, but totally realistic about the current prospects. The links at the bottom are all great too. I think things would actually need to go poorly for Apple in order for that to happen... Site attempts to replicate the effects of psychedelic drugs. It's mildly effective, but no more effective than listening to dubstep with a subwoofer. . Actually, a bit less effective than the latter. Well, except for the part where drug prohibition is one of the most absurd legal philosophies of the modern era. http://www.avaaz.org/en/end_the_war_on_drugs/ >Deflation. There's a creed in mainstream economics that deflation is bad, repeated here. "if your money is getting predictably more valuable, why would you want to spend it?" It's just false. Would you buy a computer today if you can buy a more powerful one by waiting until tomorrow? People do. s/spend/invest/. I mean, why would anyone spend money on food? There's no storable value! I can dream up silly situations too, y'know. Meanwhile, there's a bit more to modern economic theory than a single pithy quote. Like, when deflation actually happens, you get this: http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Deflation#Historical_examples And this is deflation over a short scale. Bitcoin will experience constant, effectively unstoppable deflation every day after 2020. >Mainstreamers like the leaves-on-the-fire effect of inflation and also like to overlook the fact that stimlus impairs cyclic corrections Got some numbers on that? I seem to recall basically no problems occurring during periods when inflation rates are 0-10%. >and detracts from the role of money as a store of value. Money isn't supposed to be a store of value; the object of money is to facilitate exchange, not to inhibit it. Investments are a store of value. If you want to store value, invest in the S&P 500. >"When Something Goes Wrong, It Will Die." I found the logic here non-sequiter. Bitcoin will be tested but from what we know about it at the moment, it looks solid. SHA256 will -never- be broken, that's for sure! >If we had a period of high inflation, it's reasonable to expect people would trust finite-supply bitcoins over an unending supply of newly-minted, inflating notes. The medium that is more easily exchanged will be exchanged. Ever wonder why e-gold never took off, even before governments tried to stop it? Mind you, I really, really want Bitcoin to succeed. I don't like the Federal Reserve and it bothers me that the federal government has control over the money system. However, I'm not going to disregard science to make myself feel better. >They're not. Professionals are liable for malpractice. Even programmers? Only two things are infinite: the universe, and script kiddies, and I'm not sure about the former. There will always be another garishly-named group willing to sql-inject and xss the low-hanging fruit. >claimed piracy was costing Australian content industries $900 million a year and 8000 jobs. Is it just me or does even this clearly inflated figure seem like pocket change? The economy of Australia is some $900 billion a year and counting. The costs of enforcing such legislation and the impact on people's freedom and privacy is surely not worth a mere 0.1% of the overall economy even in the best case. http://www.fsf.org/campaigns/acta/ It'd be cool to see how this was calculated. Though considering the amount of auto-spellcheck and similar that goes on, it's kind of surprising to see that half of the top contributors are human . I wouldn't be so sure. They are spread all over the world and have a rather disjoint corporate structure (as previously noted, Sony Pictures is distinct from the Sony running PSN), so while some branches may be quite secure, others are very possibly not. I didn't hear the technical details of the latest Sony exploit, but somehow I doubt they were that impressive. >you will not change the fact that it's slow by giving -1. ...but you can change the fact that it's slow by contributing code to the interpreter! Actor-based concurrency and prototype objects can both be made fast, as has been proven by Erlang and Lua respectively. Exceptions are an unfeature but they can be easily avoided. The slowness of Io should be seen as a programming challenge, not a problem. ^,~ http://rosettacode.org/wiki/Io Everything is better with code samples! One of the FizzBuzz implementations is particularly cool: for (n, 1, 100, fb := list ( if (n % 3 == 0, "Fizz"), if (n % 5 == 0, "Buzz")) select (isTrue) if (fb isEmpty, n, fb join) println ) >he decided on taking the easy, low-quality route with his baked goods. They were homemade for Stallman's sake! bitcoin will probably never represent a significant proportion of human wealth. However, it will probably remain useful for the next five to ten years as a cryptographically strong way to pay for things outside of government influences. Silk Road is a pretty cool case in point. It will probably be replaced organically by a more useful form of cryptographic currency -- perhaps something that uses bcrypt or a similar Moore's Law-resistant hashing algorithm -- before serious deflation or broken hashes really start to come into play. >And it doesn't matter if we have tons of electric if all of our transportation infrastructure requires oil products. Converting all of that infrastructure is going to take lots of capital and energy. I don't think biofuel represents a viable long-term solution, but butanol is practically ideal when it comes to the search for a short-term transition fuel. It runs in ordinary modern engines without modification, and vehicles from the '90s have been successfully run on 100% butanol without issue. http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Butanol_fuel http://nabc.cals.cornell.edu/pubs/nabc_19/NABC19_5Plenary2_R... For the long-term: http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Lithium-ion_battery#Variations_... What about Vala? It deserves more attention, if you ask me. Four dead in O-hi-o... >Classics are called "classics" because they convey fundamental ideas that shape our society. I would argue, though, that the problem is that "classics", as in "seminal books" are not being written anymore. Classics are only classic in retrospect. It's not easy to say exactly what will be remembered from the last 30 years, but I'll bet the answer isn't "nothing". It's practical. It binds very well to old C code; consequently, it avoids all the library-binding problems that plague D and (iirc) Go. It does well enough at backwards-compatibility that it even comes with a nice Lua binding: http://live.gnome.org/Vala/LuaSample Granted, Vala is what it is -- a language built for GLib -- but I think we've had enough languages try to take over the world. It's not unimpressive for a language just five years old and almost entirely community-developed to have a lot already being writen in it: http://live.gnome.org/Vala/Documentation#Projects_Developed_... including Ubuntu's new user interface. Since it only really depends on GLib and gtk, it's cross-platform enough for most purposes, though the majority of projects written thusfar in Vala have only targeted X-based desktops. Having eight feet of steel behind you makes a lot more sense when you get rear-ended by a drunk driver going 45 mph while you're sitting at a red light. >The industrial food system is another. Our food, which could be grown from local sunshine and local compost, is instead grown in distant places with pesticides and fertilizers made from petroleum and natural gas. Meanwhile the sun beats down on our cities only to fall on ornamental grass and concrete. Food waste is hauled off to putrefy in landfills. Normal and absurd. This has more to do with humanity's insistence on living in places which cannot reasonably produce enough food to sustain the local population. The Phoenix metropolitan area, located in an Arizona desert, holds over 4 million people; Moscow, just shy of the Arctic Circle, is home to 11 million. >I guess Americans look at distances in a different way than us Europeans, but Moscow isn't `just shy of the Arctic Circle'. You're quite correct (these scaled-out world maps can be misleading), though it is not really situated on fertile ground either. A city where the weather has historically been a major force preventing invasion does not bode well for agriculture! >I pulled up his video “U.S. History Overview 3—World War II to Vietnam” Well, there's your problem. If you concern yourself primarily with US History, as Khan does (and declares what he is doing), you're going to necessarily ignore a lot of non-US perspectives, like, y'know, Leningrad, Churchill, the rape of Nanking, Japan's lack of oil reserves, the whole bit. The real question is not whether Mr. Khan did a poor job of explaining US History, it is whether the idea of teaching "$country history", when we concern ourselves primarily with foreign affairs as Mr. Khan does, whether focusing on the actions of $country in an era of global politics gives a skewed and ultimately inaccurate perspective. The answer to that should be a rather obvious 'yes'... I do doubt however that Mr. Khan truly hopes to achieve or at least does not really believe that he can achieve a monopoly in education. Perhaps his format will be copied but I doubt his lectures themselves will become the status quo especially if they are as lacking in depth as the example shown (I am not really familiar with the Khan Academy). The graver problem shown in the article does not really concern the Khan Academy but rather our method of consuming information from a general standpoint, and the dangers of the personalization of news; but this is a rather tired complaint, and the author does not suggest a novel approach for combatting it. It exists in Ruby: [socket, window, file].each{|item| item.close()} http://codepad.org/GqNp94Iw It sort-of exists in Lisp-inspired languages (anything from Arc to Lua to Io) with appropriate boilerplate, for example: function apply(tbl, func) for key, val in ipairs(tbl) do func(val) end end apply({socket, window, file}, function (item) item.close() end) http://codepad.org/SNWO1Y6K You could also solve it analytically by diagonalizing and setting all of the eigenvalues less than the maximum eigenvalue to zero. >But aren't there services that address their needs. Groupon, despite all it's criticisms does that. It gives people a deal on local goods and services. Mint helps them get a better overview of their finances. Airbnb may help them find a reasonably priced place to stay should they travel. I don't think he was saying that there weren't. What he is saying is that if, say, GroupOn turns out to be, as has been predicted by a recent swarm of articles, a failure, it has an overall neutral impact at best for the Tupeloids despite having an excellent impact for its founder, who by this point is clearly going to walk away laughing all the way to the bank even if the IPO tanks or something else happens. He's basically saying to remember that what we do has consequences for people whom we usually never encounter. >In the hierarchy of needs, a better photo sharing service is way down on the list. The problem with this line of thinking is that needs are a vector, not a scalar, and while one form of contribution may have a larger norm, all forms of contribution are eventually important. Irrelevant of considerations about the precise norm of the contribution-vector, soceity thrives on having people contribute in loads of different ways; if we were all oncologists there would be nobody who could treat heart disease, etc. I say do what you're good at, mostly, and charity where you can. Well, since you can walk back and forth across rows, you'll have to compute all of the probabilities for a given row at once by solving the resulting system of equations. This is generally quite simple. For example, take a four-column, one-row version, with probability-of-falling like so: * 0 0 0 0 * 1 x y y x 1 We have: x = 0 / 4 + 1 / 4 + y / 4 + x / 4 y = 0 / 4 + x / 4 + y / 4 + y / 4 giving the solutions x = 2/5 and y = 1/5. It is easier, of course, if you exploit the symmetry of the situation, as here (by writing x y y x instead of x y z w). Small markets doesn't seem to explain it. Germany alone has the world's fourth-largest GDP, which sounds like a pie worth slicing. Despite this, Russia, whose GDP is less than half as large, has a bigger (iirc) tech industry than Germany. I think the latter explanation -- market restrictions -- is more likely, and research spending probably contributes as well. I'm thinking of qip.ru, mail.ru and Yandex. I didn't say they didn't have any industry. Hell, I work for Siemens. So... yeah. Can't comment on anything substantial but suffice to say I stand by my words. Call me cynical, but it's sounding like a major advantage of the App Stores to developers is that it's hard to find good free apps. >Can we please get beyond the script kiddie phase and actually start bringing to light some of the deeply corrupt politicians and bureaucrats ala Wikileaks style? The problem is that bringing these people to light is useless if you can't reach your audience. Internet access in India is still not really that great, and free-roaming Internet access -- the sort that drives people to use informational sources recreationally, a la Wikipedia and reddit -- has a long way to go before it becomes common. Facebook's penetration into India is basically nil, and Orkut isn't doing much better -- 40 million is a vanishingly small fraction of India's population. If hackers expose a bunch of corrupt politicians on Wikileaks India, it will hardly matter when nobody sees it. There are! But Anonymous is kind of disjoint. It's feudal. You'll realize this if you try to hop on to one of the IRC networks -- there are a million different little channels each representing its own fiefdom. They mostly have some common beliefs, and they all fly the same banner -- but when one group rises to prominence they will often start doing things under their own name. Some recent examples include LulzSec and Goatse Security. There are also the people who run the websites and the IRC channels and who make the DDoS tools and similar skiddie stuff; these guys are by any measure the real "leaders" of the operation, but they prefer to sit on the sidelines and don't usually get their hands dirty. The argument could be made, for example, that Julian Assange is an unwitting leader of Anonymous. It's an emergent structure, not an intentional one. This is key to its resilience. I used to post regularly on /i/ a few years ago; it grew into the "Anonymous" of today after the website owner shut it down. There was a Fox News report about the "Anonymous" threat way back in 2007; the "informant" mentioned in the report is Alex Wuori, a self-proclaimed "defector", and I'm not exactly breaking his privacy because literally everyone knows who he is and what he did. The Fox News report centered on the /i/ board of the time. The other thing about Anonymous is that it is, as you may have noticed, rather old, in Internet terms. The first true Anonymous raid was YTMND vs. Ebaums back in 2006, in which 4chan and 7chan ran DDoS attacks against ebaumsworld.com in retaliation for stolen content. I don't do any of that anymore, in case anyone's wondering. Being 17 only lasts one year. The way I see it, learning to be uncomfortable is beside the point; it's about finding the positives, not ignoring the negatives. If you learn to be uncomfortable, you become complacent, and don't do things to improve your life in real, tangible ways, like, say, negotiating a better salary. If there's a problem you need to solve with a method like this, that's great, but I would hesitate to recommend that people regularly incorporate unpleasant things into their daily life for the sole sake of them being unpleasant. That ultimately leaves you with less understanding of not only how to lead a pleasant life but also of how to improve the lives of the people around you, this latter goal being the core of entrepreneurship. E.g. if you try to use nothing but `cat` to edit files, you will never design a better text editor. If you walk to work, you won't be able to contribute to advances in vehicle technology. Ultimately I think our goal as humans is to reduce that sort of thing, not to increase it; otherwise we might as well revert to nomadic tribalism. To quote Edward Abbey: One final paragraph of advice: do not burn yourselves out. Be as I am — a reluctant enthusiast... a part-time crusader, a half-hearted fanatic. Save the other half of yourselves and your lives for pleasure and adventure. It is not enough to fight for the land; it is even more important to enjoy it. While you can. While it’s still here. So get out there and hunt and fish and mess around with your friends, ramble out yonder and explore the forests, climb the mountains, bag the peaks, run the rivers, breathe deep of that yet sweet and lucid air, sit quietly for a while and contemplate the precious stillness, the lovely, mysterious, and awesome space. Enjoy yourselves, keep your brain in your head and your head firmly attached to the body, the body active and alive, and I promise you this much; I promise you this one sweet victory over our enemies, over those desk-bound men and women with their hearts in a safe deposit box, and their eyes hypnotized by desk calculators. I promise you this; You will outlive the bastards. >our bodies are probably designed to buck up and shower in less-than-ideal conditions. By this argument, our bodies are designed to die of smallpox. >Are you implying that walking to work is an 'uncomfortable' thing like taking a cold shower? I may be misunderstanding you there, but I , for one, hate sitting in a car and suffering through morning-hour traffic jams. I hate searching for a parking spot. I much rather take my bike to work. You know, not to work out, but to breathe fresh morning air for once. To enjoy the sound of birds. Riding your bike, or walking, is exactly what that nice quite of yours is recommending. No. I just needed to pull out some example. There are some situations in which driving is more pleasant than walking -- consider someone who works at a ski resort in the mountains, in the winter -- and situations in which walking is more pleasant than driving. Either way, by doing what you can to improve your living conditions you build an understanding of what "improved living conditions" might look like. Obsidian would actually be a pretty awesome razor material, come to think of it. From Wikipedia: >Because of this lack of crystal structure, obsidian blade edges can reach almost molecular thinness, leading to its ancient use as projectile points and blades, and its modern use as surgical scalpel blades see also: http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Obsidian#Current_use You wouldn't want to use volcanic chips, of course, but now I want to pitch this to pg. I mean, used in scalpels? Shiiiit. >This really disappoints me. Sure, somebody needs to work in Finance for the sake of liquidity and other things I don't understand. But, 35% or so of my social group that are pursuing degrees in Physics are headed to Finance instead of research. Every cloud has a silver lining, and this one is as bright as it gets. Until the rise of e.g. finance and actuarial science, getting a physics or math degree meant just going into academia. Now, with more demand for math or physics majors, there will be more demand for physics or math professors, which ultimately means more money going into math and physics research. The existence of the medical and legal professions contributes vastly to the funding of schools of medicine and law, and this is no different. It's good, not bad, that there are other things you can do with a degree in advanced mathematics besides "teach grad students advanced mathematics and vie for increasingly-scarce federal grant money". >I'd much rather seem them expand human knowledge than profit and live an easy life. It's too bad we don't live in a country full of self-sacrificing saints, huh? >But, but, but... thanks to modern technology, aren't there so many better options for seriously smart folks with physics and math degrees? If people want to pursue money, who are you to judge? See, I don't think you quite get how much this sentiment pisses me off. I'm 19. I just got a bachelor's in physics. I've done research in a bunch of fields. And I'm going into graduate school next year. People who think I'm somehow obligated to pursue anything beyond money can go blow a goat. Am I? You're goddamn right I am. I'm looking at tenure track or something similar because I love the people in academia, and because I love the work that I do. I love the people in academia because they don't think like this . They aren't generally judgmental pricks who will fault someone for pursuing their own interests. "generally". I've dealt with so much shit from people who treat me like some sort of fucking alien for being good at goddamn math. Every-fucking-body else in this fucking country is more self-centered than a gyroscope. If I could reach you, right now, I'd strangle you. Seriously. God-fucking-damnit. It's bad enough that I get to watch the ivory tower crumble around me. It's worse when people act like I'm obligated to live there. In conclusion, go fuck yourself. You have no ground to stand on being 'disappointed' in me or any of my peers. >It can be used for evil; but there are legitimate uses too. it's a hard problem to get the data out to only where it can do good. Either way, it's an easy problem to let the user decide if they want to be tracked -- an easy problem Nissan chose not to solve. >HSS is a language based on CSS, but offers many more advanced features, such as object orientation, rule nesting, expressions, references to other objects, modularization (code reuse), etc. Ew. This is an advertisement? Elegance is usually achieved when you hit a maximum of capabilities with a minimum of explicitly defined features. The last thing you want is so many different constructs that when someone reads your code they have to keep a reference manual handy. Granted, I haven't worked my way through the spec, but maybe there's a better way to phrase that sentence that doesn't evoke memories of C++. I've usually viewed it like this: a service is best handled by the free market unless the benefits of having everyone use the same infrastructure exceed the inefficiency of government-run services. Surveillance worries regarding things like this depress me. It should be possible to expect privacy from the government; that's how it works with the postal service and I don't see why Internet should be any different. Oddly, market conditions seem to have conspired to give bitcoin what is essentially "backing" for the time being: that being goods and services which are available only by bitcoin and not by other routes. Among these include ways to buy products not ordinarily available in a country (such as the recent newegg-via-bitcoin site that showed up) and illegal products (such as Left 4 Dead 2 in Australia, or the more obvious example of psychoactive drugs). So I doubt you'll see it crash all the way, though it will probably remain unstable for the forseeable future. >Were you even modestly observant you would know that isn't true, and there are examples floating everywhere (eg Medicare's provisioning of medical services, community broadband in many localities) P1: You'll notice I mentioned the advantages of everyone using the same infrastructure. Those apply in both of the examples you have chosen. P2: East Germany. I would be interested to see an example where government outperforms the market in an area that is not infrastructure dependent. The least infrastructure dependent industry might be software, and here we see the market run circles around the government. Even Anonymous remains relevant! >-1 for 'surveillance worries'. Is this a glibertarian talking point? Yes, it is. That's partly why it depresses me. But it also reflects the fact that we've come to expect the government to spy on us, which is not how things should be in a supposed land of the Free. You may have read my post wrong. The evidence I've seen seems to support broadband Internet, and I had hoped to show the reasoning behind my decision. http://lesswrong.com/lw/gz/policy_debates_should_not_appear_... In this case it looks like the common-infrastructure benefit outweighs the ordinary benefits of the market. That is not to deny either effect. In his recent reddit AMA, moot mentioned that Facebook logins would stop being mandatory for Canvas in the future. That would probably expand the userbase significantly, but I'm guessing anonymous users are less likely on average to pay for things. On a side note, hopefully this won't interfere with the future of 4chan. It's a favorite of mine. >They buy air travel to nicer places (less polluted) to make holidays, because where they live is not pretty anymore. The latest in argument tactics is just plain old making shit up, huh? >Besides, I am not convinced that it is a decision between "enjoying the fruits of technology and destroying our world or living like in the stone age, but sustainable". Waste from producing iPads can be processed properly, rather than dumping it into the nearest river. It is a matter of figuring out the proper ways of conduct and proper prices. Sounds like you're in agreement with the author! Scientific progress is not instantaneous. It does not go boink . The capacity to solve many of our current problems exists, but any programmer ought to know that implementation is never the easy part. At Georgia Tech, the CS program has 'threads'\*. You can choose to study theory, or you can study graphics or whatever other practical discipline strikes your fancy. I guess it's not perfect, but it seems to work. >But "finance" means theft these days. It's only wildly profitable because our economic/justice system is fundamentally flawed and nobody is allowed to stop playing. 'tis the voters' fault, though, isn't it? The quants didn't ask for the system to be the way it is. If anything, they, by exploiting this flaw, act to expose it, making it more visible and more likely to be fixed. Imagine if more grad students did this. You'd drive the stock market to collapse so many times -- at least in theory, 'cuz you're basically draining it like a pool, and it's a finite pool -- the government would be -forced- to give up on its newfound policy of Too Big to Fail. Conversely, the fact that students continue to enter grad school despite the skyrocketing financial inadvisability therein, this only serves to swell what is apparently a labor excess even further. If universities had to compete for grad students on price, stipends would increase! Those who enter grad school out of some sense of altruism actually do their fellow students a disservice. ...so, having read that, what the fuck am I doing, you ask? Well, I'm just avoiding people I can't stand to be around. I like professors; I hate managers. My perceived-value-of-research is skewed. As an added bonus academics posess a level of freedom on par with the super-rich; if some University wants you to immigrate to a country in order to do research, you're waived right in. A PhD carries the sort of international mobility that's I think is kind of useful having been born in a sinking ship. In America it's called the O-1, but most countries have an analog. Paul Erdos was one of the only people who could cross the Iron Curtain unscathed. My aunt and uncle, who inspired me to go into physics, worked whatever hours they felt like and could wear t-shirts and sandals to work -- they were physicists working for the US Navy. >Banks are regulated by law and have the funds insured by FDIC. And following the train of logic, what prevents you from regulating a bitcoin bank? Crypto-currency is kind of like cash. Yes, you're a fool to try and run an entire economy with cash, but that doesn't mean it should disappear! >I am curious what you mean that recursion is a natural way of thinking. Can you expand on that? >I found that recursion made sense to me as well, but that seems like selection bias. If you look at "describing", some things are naturally described in a recursive fashion. At least a significant part of thinking is encoding non-verbal ideas in natural language. These include the obvious factorial function, but also such things as the chain rule for derivatives, or the use of subordinate clauses in a sentence, such that a grammatically valid sentence may become arbitrarily long, this achieved by continually attaching further thoughts, the process of doing such being predicated on an underlying -- metahumor . I think recursion is best explained by doing. This is the definition of the divisor function, you implement it like this, etc. >Personally I am holding out for the pill that will give the same effects to my body as exercise does (it is all just chemicals, anyway). Some of those chemical reactions likely depend on the fluid dynamics of heavy exercise -- lots of blood flow (I'd almost call this a given) and tension in muscle tissue. Let me make you a guarantee: if you take Viagra and Adderall, you will exercise. I will bet money. Lots. http://adventure.howstuffworks.com/skydiving8.htm >The big question is always, "How dangerous is skydiving?" Each year, about 30 people die in parachuting accidents in the United States, or roughly one person per 100,000 jumps. Look at the US Skydiving Incident Reports to get an idea of the types of problems that lead to fatalities. If you make one jump in a year, your chance of dying is 1 in 100,000. http://www.uspa.org/safety/incident.htm Mildly. It would be more amusing if it wasn't the same "joke" we've all been hearing for the last ten years. Remember g00ns? zf0? o&e? myg0t? r3m? ~el8? At least this one isn't in l33tspeak. I guess the funny part is that it still works... Microsoft mostly marketed those to businesses, though -- Apple is marketing towards their base, viz. recreational computer users. Hasn't Dick Cheney had no pulse for a while now? http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Dick_cheney#Health_problems Yeah, I wasn't going after the guy (this time), though I admit I originally learned that on the Daily Show and just did a quick confirmation-check before I posted. http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Ventricular_assist_device -- looks like centrifugal pumps have existed for at least long enough for someone to write a Wikipedia article about them. Typical point-and-click interaction is conscious, yes, but mouse gestures generally aren't , since you don't have to know where the cursor is in order to use them. This is why I like Opera so much. Why do we need this silly choice between being an 'introvert' and being an 'extrovert' and some fifty-cent words to hang around our necks with some attached activities we're supposed to like or dislike? I joke about how awesome it is to be "ENTP", but I don't really take that shit seriously . This whole "*-trovert" obsession drives people away from understanding conversation because they try to categorize it solely as 'necessary' and 'unnecessary'. What sort of life is it when things are solely necessary or unnecessary? /prog/ is a really great board. The humor is totally weird but that's the charm of the whole thing. I think that we'd have less infamous blowhards in the online tech world if they'd just read /prog/ once in a while. Unlike other 4chan boards, posts on /prog/ never die, and there are never any images attached to posts. So not-safe-for-work isn't usually an issue, though it is blocked for a lot of people, including me. >Particularly in light of all that promise and potential that was squandered (or possibly illusory) in the Wii's original incarnation. ...the what? What exactly was squandered in the Wii's original incarnation? http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Wii >As of June 2011, the Wii leads the generation over the PlayStation 3 and Xbox 360 in worldwide sales,[7] and in December 2009 broke the record for best-selling console in a single month in the United States. What more could you possibly want? >When I saw the controller, my first thought was "$500". Probably not. Nintendo has never launched a console at $500. The Wii was noted for being cheap, and I really, really doubt they'd launch this without being able to make it at a similar price point to their previous offerings. >Sure, the Wii U looks impressive. But no Blu-Ray or DVD support? Really? I sure as hell hope not! ...okay, maybe not that emphatically. Still, there's a Blu-Ray player built into my TV, and as far as I can tell that's becoming common. I don't need a peripheral to do that for me, and I certainly don't want them to tack on an extra $50 for a capability I already have. Besides, who uses DVDs anymore? It's all about Netflix. >As Microsoft and Sony move ever closer to evolving into that mythological set-top box that does it all, how do you justify buying a presumably expensive console that does just one thing anymore? Because I don't want a set-top box that does it all . It's bad enough (but acceptable) that video games are closed-source; hopefully my media doesn't have to be the same way. >Mario and Zelda brands no longer sell systems in the long term when the competition is so stiff, ...alright, my Zelda fanboy is showing, but Skyward Sword is probably going to make me shell out for a console and I haven't bought one in a decade (I habitually use my friends' consoles, though). >They know this, which is why they bend over backwards to assure everyone that they have the support of firms like EA, Activision, THQ, and Ubisoft. But when you're releasing behind-the-times hardware that has features and peripherals completely different than competing platforms, it makes the prospect- and return on investment- of developing much riskier. This I agree with, but on a slightly different point than the author. Last I checked it wasn't close to easy to get a license to develop games for the Wii or 3DS. You have be a big company to afford a site license for the dev kit and you need specialized hardware to load your stuff onto the system. Nintendo doesn't need EA and Ubisoft; for one thing, EA sucks. Nintendo really needs to open up to independent developers. This is where Microsoft really shined with the Xbox ecosystem, obviously bringing some of their desktop expertise to gaming. Forget weirdness worries -- indie devs love developing for unique hardware and odd platforms. Independent game developers thrive on the iPhone App Store. They also built the Facebook application ecosystem. By contrast, large, established firms shy away from developing for unique hardware, because of the uncertainty involved. The proper strategic direction for Nintendo is to stop chasing EA and learn to open up to independent game developers. Even Apple, the infamously elitist company's infamously elitist company, has figured that out. Incidentally, as one other commenter has pointed out, Apple and Google via iOS and Android seem to pose more of a threat to Nintendo than do Microsoft and Sony. Nintendo had an unshakeable stranglehold on the handheld gaming market until the iPhone came along. >Ah yes, because today's demographies without easy access to birth control are rocketing past us in fitness. Meanwhile, in Africa, human beings are evolving resistance to AIDS: http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/HIV_disease_progression_rates#H... >It was a little disheartening to see the number of Reddit-esque comments that are simply a couple of words along the lines of "omfg" and a constant stream of meme abuse. I expected better from the programming community. You don't get good discussion from a commenting system. Github's comments aren't designed for with-each-other discussion, they're designed for at-the-author/audience commenting. HN takes comment quality extremely seriously, and with-each-other discussion is perhaps the main focus. reddit is somewhere in between: most of the users of reddit don't seem to be interested in discussion, but in open-ended polls a la AskReddit, IAMA, DAE, etc. The fact that reddit threads only last for a few hours, and that the volume of comments is so huge that it's hard to expect the people you're aiming your comment at to get anywhere, these both reward commenting rather than discussion; /r/bestof does as well. That said, reddit's topical breadth draws in lots of smart people, who are usually looking to talk about something interesting. The vBulletin/phpBB model of forums doesn't really scale too well (unless you go the SomethingAwful route and impose a fee and lots of super-strict moderation) but it works well with up to around 150 active users. The best forums have the highest SnR on the Internet. 4chan-ish anonymity works up to around 5000 before you get chaos, hence the longing for "old /b/" and the value in the other boards. Well, they're clever for getting hired by a hedge fund for seven figures... >People who can make things work better within this rectangle have power over others; the whitehats who charge $10,000 for something we could teach you how to do over the course of a weekend, providing you aren't mentally disabled. This is a common complaint among blackhats: they see whitehats as being in the game for the money and taking advantage of the unenlightened as much as they [the blackhats] themselves do. I don't really know what to make of it. It's confusing, if you assume that our preferences are totally arbitrary. If 'liking the golden ratio' is a property of being human, it's profound, but not confusing. Thing is that the ideal might not be the golden ratio. Maybe we prefer pi/2 instead of (1 + sqrt(5)) / 2. Who's to say? Pi/2 is if anything -more- fundamental. It seems to be that we don't like things to look too square or too oblong, which limits us to the range of 4:3 through 7:3 as 'aesthetically acceptible'. phi just happens to be in the middle of this. So is pi/2, as noted previously. You could test this, by showing people some rectangles and asking which ones they like -- 1.4:1, 1.5:1, 1.6:1, 1.7:1, 1.8:1, 1.9:1, etc. One thing that's interesting is the rise of 8:5 screen dimensions over the old styles of 4:3 and 16:9. 8:5 is, coincidentally, right next to phi, and is in fact a convergent of its continued fraction. 8:5 includes 1280x800, 1440x900, and 1680x1050, 4:3 includes 640x480 and 1024x768, and 16:9 includes the oddball 1366x768. It could just be that the math is easier with 8 and 5, though, since their reciprocals both terminate. >Because I know that there's a fixed quantity of available diamonds Meanwhile... http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Chemical_vapor_deposition_of_di... >The internet doesn't create people without empathy, it reveals that deep down, a lot of humanity didn't have it to begin with. The way society is starting to structure itself, though, lets that shine through more clearly. A lot? I doubt LulzSec is more than five people. For every pathological script-kiddie there are ten Free Software hackers. The Internet has revealed new ways for people to be destructive, but it has also revealed more ways that they can be constructive. Compare: http://www.quantcast.com/github.com http://www.quantcast.com/4chan.org Can this be made to work in Opera? Of course not, just like not every project on github is open source. It just seemed like a nice glance at the ways people choose to spend time online. I doubt society was ever much more virtuous than it is today, but we do hear about the problems more. There is the orthogonal and much more serious issue that many more people today feel unfulfilled in their lives than they did before, but I can't even begin to address that -- read Infinite Jest by David Foster Wallace if that interests or concerns you. Alright, we need some fans and a massive heat pump, let's make this happen. It sounds really cool. The first question I'd try to address is to make sure the protocol is really up to the task, because if you implement this and it doesn't work... Can a typical router running an ad-hoc wifi network like this really handle provision of Internet to an entire city, and furthermore, is the current 'repeater' protocol the most efficient way to do this? One of the biggest structural problems with darknets is that of "necking", where one large subset of nodes is only connected to another large subset of nodes through a relatively small subset of nodes. Usually the problem is compounded by the the difficulty for nodes in either subset to discover each other in a network which attempts to be anonymous. Freenet and WASTE both encountered this. The ability to automatically find Kleinrock routers within a certain distance of you might mitigate this, but it could also affect the security of the network. Hey, it's the new pr0j3kt m4yh3m! I suspect it will be as successful as the last one. >Demand Android in your phones Is it just me or is this not a sufficient demand? If we are to live in a truly open world, we need software which is truly Free, not something which is developed on top of open-source. Google Chrome is no more open source than is Mac OS X. It is confusing to see people count adoption of Chrome as a victory for the open-source community when frankly it seems like anything but. I've heard of Chromium, just as I have heard of Darwin. Regardless, the proportion of users who use these technologies is a vanishingly small fraction of the Chrome and OS X marketshare. >but at least an open source version does exist. So what? If the goal is to promote the users' freedom, what use is it to develop software they do not use? >Chrome being a rebranding from stable releases of Chromium + proprietary codecs (which Google moved to eliminate with WebM). It does not matter: would Stallman use Chrome? Chromium, like Darwin, is indeed as Free as it gets. >Chromium versus Chrome is basically Fedora versus Red Hat. RHEL is fully Free, and can be recompiled at leisure, cf. Scientific Linux and Oracle Linux. It is not quite analogous. >If you're going to talk about battles and victories, show me the source code of Cocoa, show me the standard it is based on, show me another platform on top of which you can use it and show me what third-party contributors does it have (and no, Cocoa is not OpenStep). Also, show me how I can install OS X in a legal manner on top of non-Apple computers. Who said I was endorsing Mac OS X? >Aside from anything else it's an interesting Nash equilibrium -- I want to find a mate with an average-looking face so that we can produce children with average-looking faces who will be the most desirable breeding partners in the next generation. Isn't it a wrong Nash equilibrium? You should choose a mate with someone on the other side of "average", so your children will have average faces. An average face and your (more likely than not) non-average face do not make average faces. This "other side of average" effect is to some extent seen with the major histocompatibility complex. >Of a market they created and had a headstart on. The real question: why is Apple so much better than these other companies at creating markets? Perhaps not, but there is a demand for killing off mosquitoes entirely, and in fact we've tried many times now... Not quite -- we simply drew down the population of Anopheles enough that malaria was unable to spread. DDT is a very effective insecticide, but resistance has been described and can spread if it is overused; in fact it is estimated that agricultural use of DDT causes more deaths from malaria by contributing to DDT resistance in Anopheles and thereby affecting vector control operations. See: http://www.nature.com/nature/journal/v293/n5829/abs/293181a0... -- http://localhostr.com/file/itFWMaa/zzz.pdf "it can be estimated that at current rates each kilo of insecticide added to the environment will generate 105 new cases of malaria" In short, it just ain't that easy. So... do you think it's possible LulzSec is based in China or Russia? That's the only way I can imagine them doing this that doesn't involve being clinically insane. Of course they aren't. Thomas Jefferson wasn't on the battlefield, he was in the Continental Congress writing things to inspire people. Y'know, like... here. >I don't know how yet. I'm open to suggestions. Dedicated hardware, a la system76, is probably your best bet. >And then you also probably don't like being reminded that ZFC's consistency (or not) is unprovable [5]. Unprovable within ZFC . Peano arithmetic is proven consistent, but it cannot prove itself consistent. This is an important distinction, cf http://bit.ly/lGtEDm >I understand how quite a few game hackers would be in favor of a ruling like this, but if these are truly your convictions, I would like to see some video (not screencast, video) of your 12 year-old son playing some game with his mostly nude, thoroughly adult female character slavishly hacking on the corpses of other characters. Is that normal? If it is normal to sedentarily stare at a pixellated screen, it does not matter what is on the screen; you may appeal to whichever emotions you choose. Conversely, I would not particularly want to see my child grow up without a healthy respect for other people's freedom, and this seems to represent a greater danger when they are going to join the ranks of the voting public. Is it not equally void that a child should be forced to grow up under the spectre of some cult such as the Church of Jesus Christ of Latter Day Saints or similar nonsense? Violent video games and pornography pale in comparison. >Preview of that statement: "The strength of the correlation between media violence and aggressive behavior found on meta-analysis is greater than that of calcium intake and bone mass, lead ingestion and lower IQ, condom nonuse and sexually acquired human immunodeficiency virus infection, or environmental tobacco smoke and lung cancer." From the article: >Playing violent video games has been found to account for a 13% to 22% increase in adolescents' violent behavior; by comparison, smoking tobacco accounts for 14% of the increase in lung cancer. This is one of the most misleading and intellectually dishonest statements I have ever had the misfortune of reading. It is true that an average tobacco smoker has approximately a 14% lifetime chance of developing lung cancer (it is closer to 17% for males and 12% for females), but this is absolutely not equivalent to a 14% increase in the chance of developing lung cancer. Rather, a nonsmoker has approximately a 1.5% chance of developing lung cancer: a smoker has nine times as large a chance to develop lung cancer as a nonsmoker. This is not a 14% "increase" in the same sense of a "13-22% increase in adolescents' violent behavior". It is an 800% increase! To assert that these risk factors are in any way similar is completely absurd and raises serious questions about your motivations. >condom nonuse and sexually acquired human immunodeficiency virus infection In reality, the chance of HIV transmission in the case of unprotected vaginal sex is 1 in 1000. Considering the severity of the disease, this is absolutely not an acceptable risk , but it is kind of laughable to see this phrase so wildly bandied about. >[rambling story about the CIA] >Here's the point: video game violence develop a shitty moral compass. It's just shit. I don't care if it points in the right direction or the wrong direction. I, your comrade in arms, don't know where it's going to point next time. And that's not the guy I want be sharing a tent with. I fail to see how your argument supports your conclusions. Rather, it seems to show that a lack of education is what leads to poor moral decisions, not exposure to violent video games. The people in your example were not stratified on the grounds of having played Grand Theft Auto, they were stratified on the grounds of having some knowledge of ethics and morality, the latter having basically nothing to do with Grand Theft Auto. Let me tell you a story. It is an ancient story, and it is highly relevant. In the days when Sussman was a novice, Minsky once came to him as he sat hacking at the PDP-6. "What are you doing?" asked Minsky. "I am training a randomly wired neural net to play Tic-tac-toe," Sussman replied. "Why is the net wired randomly?", asked Minsky. "I do not want it to have any preconceptions of how to play," Sussman said. Minsky then shut his eyes. "Why do you close your eyes?" Sussman asked his teacher. "So that the room will be empty." At that moment, Sussman was enlightened. If you want a society of people that understands values, you have to teach values. You cannot hope for them to arise on their own by simply depriving them of whatever you consider a corrupting influence. >So enjoy your expanded access to an audience willing to pretend they understand violence. Moral consistency matters. Reliability matters. You can look forward to further international embarrassment when they grow up to make the wrong, randomly wrong, decisions behind the trigger or, worse, at the voting booth. Hopefully they won't make the same mistakes as you. The Greek letter tau is already used to refer to the period of an oscillation, the time constant of a decay interval (these are intimately related), plus plenty of other stuff. There really aren't any Greek letters left that aren't used for a million things already. tau-as-time-constant is the standard use for the thing, and the confusion with torque and natural temperature is bad enough as it is. Yes, pi shows up as the prime counting function, but there it's a function , which clears up the otherwise ambiguous notation. Furthermore these abuses of notation are generally considered a bad thing, something we try to avoid. As for the intuitiveness of such deep results as Stirling's formula and the even values of the Riemann zeta: this is to concern oneself with the upholstery on the Space Shuttle. If you want a new pi symbol, might I suggest the variant pi described here: http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Pi_%28letter%29 -- though I'm afraid this is all a waste of time and energy. It is not an exercise worth ignoring: I had also once thought that pi should be replaced. Slightly different motivation, though, as it seemed to me that pi/2 was really more interesting, and anyway it is really much easier to write multiplication than fractions when you run into a discrepancy. Here the roots of the sine are at even multiples and the roots of the cosine are at odd multiples, and e^(i pi/2) = i is more interesting than the previous incarnations of the Euler formula. The thing is that the important parts of these formulae are the way they are derived and the structure they represent, not their appearance on a sheet of paper. If you can understand what relates the zeta function at even numbers to the ratio of a circle's radius and circumference, it really does not matter if you choose to represent this relation with a drawing of an elephant. >A Forbes contributor, David Martin, penned an interesting piece on how the social networking site’s users are aging, and how it’s generally losing its cool. >For now, though, it certainly hasn’t lost its lustre in the eyes of investors. These statements are not at odds with one another. Old people, generally speaking, have more money to spend and they spend it less judiciously; consequently it makes sense for Facebook to target old people. >a standard of objective fairness and justice which would be better defined by deterministic, logical languages like programming languages rather than fuzzy, broad languages like English. Can you formally define concepts and events occurring in a "fuzzy, broad" world in a useful way? It is kind of amusing to imagine that someone out there is sitting around with a recursively-enumerable objective statement of what constitutes fairness. >To the extent that applications defining the class to which you believe your behaviour exists and allowing you to test it with a high degree of specificity, yes. I'm operating on the assumption that you dropped the word "belongs" somewhere in there. >There have been explicit ventures along this exact path previously in a more limited extent, that being financial products having python based code that would allow the investors to put in a set of assumptions and see what the product model would do under those circumstances. In the same way that there have been explicit ventures along the path of the axiomatization of mathematics, yes. >writing clearly delineated code that deals with reality in a concrete fashion Show me some clearly delineated code that deals with the workings of a single sheet of A4 paper in a concrete fashion, and then we can consider the law. Fairness is not a fuzzy concept, it is a human concept, humans as much a part of the universe as any other. It is not really harder to measure fairness than to measure the electromagnetic interaction. We spoon-feed our problems to computer systems so that they may analyze the parts which we cannot; your precept of a computerized legal system is assuming a priori the lack of spoon-feeding, since corruption can enter the picture here just as easily as in the old system, cf. LulzSec. Thusfar there are two pieces of secure code in existence: seL4 and qmail, and I'm not sure about the former. >and your health As far as I am aware, the data on this claim is conflicting, and most studies are plagued by confounding variables. http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Meat#Health See? This article is a freakin' yo-yo. It causes heart disease, it does not cause heart disease, it causes cancer, it does not cause cancer, everyone is jumping on everyone else's methodology, and sometimes it seems as though the conclusions were decided before the study was performed. Here it causes heart disease: >a survey ,conducted in 1960, of 25,153 California Seventh-Day Adventists, found that the risk of heart disease is three times greater for 45-64 year old men who eat meat daily, versus those who did not eat meat. Here it does not: >In another study[84] in 2010 involving over one million people who ate meat found that only processed meat had an adverse risk in relation to coronary heart disease. The study suggests that eating 50g (less than 2oz) of processed meat per day increases risk of coronary heart disease by 42%, and diabetes by 19%. Equivalent levels of fat, including saturated fats, in unprocessed meat (even when eating twice as much per day) did not show any deleterious effects, leading the researchers to suggest that "differences in salt and preservatives, rather than fats, might explain the higher risk of heart disease and diabetes seen with processed meats, but not with unprocessed red meats." The lack of attention given to statistical confounding in the diets of the people studied is concerning. The fact that new studies appear to refute previous studies suggests that one of three things is going on: -the new studies are wrong -the old studies are wrong -the physical laws of the Universe have changed in some fundamental manner I cannot hope to be convinced on this topic without hopefully a thorough examination of the methodology of the researchers and potential biases. It is not becoming of a scientist to make an assertion of knowledge without a thorough examination of the data and its origins, and I have my doubts about the quality of any of the current data, whether it condemns or acquits meat consumption. The work regarding heterocyclic amines and the recommendation to microwave meat before it is cooked seems now as a tiny ignored candle flame in a dark room full of people claiming to see the light. I do, however, have the intuition that studying something as broad as "meat consumption" is almost inherently inclined to error and bias, and that it would be better to perform multiple specific analyses and hopefully even experiments involving perhaps directed diets, so that the question can be laid to rest, and people can make a decision based on evidence, fact, and their own relative valuation of health and hedonism. Not from dogma. Damnit, this is just as bad as the tau manifesto. The point is that it doesn't matter what the bloody constant is, we don't need any -more- goddamn manifestos. Call it an arc constant or an angle constant or whatever you want. However, there is one massive abuse of terminology that is driving me insane, which is the use of the phrase "Quadratic forms". E = 1/2 k x^2 is not a quadratic form. A quadratic form is a homogeneous polynomial of degree two, and it's a topic discussed in number theory: http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Quadratic_form The vast majority of people will never encounter a legitimate quadratic form . Call it a quadratic equation or whatever -- it's not a quadratic form. Both the tau manifesto and the pi manifesto got this bit manifestly wrong . Saying that a codebase needs to be small is like saying an airplane needs to be light: yes, it's true, in fact it's plain-and-simple obvious, but it doesn't reveal any of the hidden secrets and planning and so forth that are basically necessary to keep a codebase small and manageable. Even high-powered polymorphic languages a la Lisp will happily hand you enough rope to drown yourself in. If you look at code as basically a description of what a program does, like, a formal description, it's unsurprising that conciseness and clarity are not entirely unrelated and that redundancy is annoying for anyone who has to read it. What's not obvious is the most clear or concise way to describe what the program does, and this is just as true in a computer language as in say a natural language. At best, it's a cubic form, since the spring constant is also a variable. Similarly 1/2 a t^2 is a cubic form. pi r^2 however is a quadratic form. Unless you take every spring in the Universe to have the same spring constant (nonsense), k must also be treated as a variable. The energy relation for an individual spring is a quadratic form, but the energy relation for all springs is either a cubic form or a set of quadratic forms (or a bijection from the real line to the set of unary quadratic forms, if you want to be really technical and boring). f(x) = a * x is an example of a function of x which only becomes a function when a value is assigned to the variable 'a'. In other words, it is a type of function. >Indeed it is, but it's commonly accepted in mathematics to use it as a function of one variable (x), with a parameter a. In introductory calculus, sure; in those areas of mathematics where the term 'quadratic form' is actually used , things have to be defined more precisely. Related: http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Gentzen%27s_consistency_proof basically a proof of sorts that Peano arithmetic is consistent based on primitive recursive arithmetic and the "intuitively obvious" idea that there should exist no infinite decreasing sequence of numbers in any set with a minimum element. Also, the consistency of ZFC can be "proven" by proving the existence of a weakly inaccessible cardinal , which is a sort of thing whose existence obviously cannot be proven from within ZFC... >And it was chosen hastily. It was chosen here: http://arxiv.org/abs/math/0506415 Elegance is found in arguments and proofs, not in results, and so any attempt to look at equations is really missing the point. If you believe Euler's methods might be simplified by using 2pi instead of pi, first consider a look at the methods themselves. >They're both eminently simple concepts, but they remain obscured by π. They are equally obscured by tau, or whatever other arc-length you might choose! The meaning does not depend on the definition of a circle but on the properties of the exponential function: http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Euler%27s_formula#Proofs As for sin(x), it is a function based on circles and arc lengths, but specific values of arc length do not enter the definition. >Your reasoning is circular (get it!). If the circle constant were τ, Euler would have found zeta(2)=τ^2/24 instead. The proof is the same. >The definition of the circle constant comes first. You didn't read the paper, did you? The "circle constant" wasn't even defined when it was written. He picked it out of thin air in that very paper in order to make his arguments more clear. >Again, the proof is the same, but he chose to use a unit diameter rather than radius. This is exactly equivalent to saying π=C/D instead of τ=C/r. So it does not make it more clear? This contradicts your original assertion. >One provides clarity How so? Neither is more intuitive. The unit circle is itself a definition you have grabbed. The notion of defining a circle by its radius comes to us from Euclid: >"Let the following be postulated": >1. "To draw a straight line from any point to any point." >2. "To produce [extend] a finite straight line continuously in a straight line." >3. "To describe a circle with any centre and distance [radius]." >4. "That all right angles are equal to one another." >5. The parallel postulate: "That, if a straight line falling on two straight lines make the interior angles on the same side less than two right angles, the two straight lines, if produced indefinitely, meet on that side on which are the angles less than the two right angles." In fact, pi/2 itself is sitting right there in the fourth axiom, and pi is in the fifth. 2pi is nowhere to be found. >tau is right there in the fifth (the sum of all four angles formed by the "straight line falling" on the side of the two straight lines' intersection). ...yes, but that makes the postulate meaningless! You have to look at one side of the line in order for the postulate to have any relevance. >Euclid would have been a tau advocate Oh yeah? Well.. well... Ramanujan would have been a pi advocate! Ha! >which is clearly superior to the diameter. It is expedient in the process of mathematical argumentation. Looking at expedience, though, we see that using a constant 2pi introduces an untoward amount of fractions into just about every mathematical calculation -- see for example here: http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Basel_problem#A_rigorous_proof_... Irrespective of the definition of constants, which is long since forgotten at this point (how much of a pain is it to define a circle, starting from ZFC?), it is kind of disappointing to see you refusing to read the proofs which you claim to be clarifying -- most of them get uglier moving to tau, on a cursory examination of the seminal work Proofs from THE BOOK . Go on, mentally replace every instance of "2pi" with "tau" and "pi" with "tau/2" in, say, this paper: http://www.maths.tcd.ie/pub/HistMath/People/Riemann/Zeta/EZe... Oh come on. You appealed to elegance and failed to show any. I could just as easily define a circle as the shape which encloses the most area for a given perimeter. If you think this is confusing, consider that it is the same as defining it as the shape which a small water droplet forms on a piece of glass. The thing is that most of us knew what a circle was before we knew what a radius was. You've probably been encountering circles since before you could speak, and the term was certainly in your vocabulary long before you ever took a course in geometry. Appealing to the definition of a circle as elegant is weird when you consider the intrinsic inelegance of trying to formally define an intuitive concept. It makes more sense to measure it, which could be why Archimedes, Liu Hui, and Brahmagupta all ended up studying the same number. Euclid's formalization of geometry was a landmark achievement in mathematics and possibly the most important single technique of antiquity. However, it was superseded multiple times before set theory became the foundation of essentially all of modern mathematics. Today, a circle is not an axiom but a construct itself derived from the distance formula and the definition of R^2 (a collection of points all the same distance ...). What got me involved in this argument is the assertion that it would make life easier for students learning mathematics. I, like most HN'ers, regard with serious concern the deterioration of mathematics education in the United States, but, also like most HN'ers, am not apt to solve my problems with snake oil. As a student myself, I regularly got pi/3 confused with pi/6, as the latter was a third of a right angle. Since angles and their respective sines and cosines were always diagrammed in class as portions of a right angle, I slipped up a few times between pi and pi/2. This doesn't mean anything, though, other than a vagary of the way I used to think at the ripe old age of ten. Students of mathematics quite often have their own individual approaches and understandings of the concepts as presented, and this switch of constants is not really likely to make things any easier. This is why I kept pressuring you (unreasonably I do admit) to demonstrate that some essential proof or argument is simplified by using tau. It is more annoying, though, when good, practical, tested, and effective solutions to educational problems go ignored in favor of something that geeks find interesting. http://jumpmath.org/ This is an example of a far more effective use of our collective time than the definition of any fundamental constant, be it pi (perhaps tau/2), e (perhaps 1/d, where d is the decay constant), i (perhaps -i), gamma (perhaps log(gamma-prime), since e^gamma appears as often as gamma), etc... >And it's super awesome with tau: one tau is full circle, and one period. Well, if you've already made the jump to understanding negative heights as going below the real line. This is a topic for an introductory course in geometry? When I learned about sine and cosine, it was first defined in terms of SOHCAHTOA! >then don't find it inelegant that his proof uses not a unit circle but a circle with a diameter of 1? I don't know, do you find it elegant? It's like a goddamn footnote, that's the whole point! For reference, you trotted out Euclid when you defined the circle. I only pointed out whom you referenced. >And if you do find a few cases where π is super convenient (probably because you only care about half the rotation of something), feel free to substitute half tau. :) yawn It does go without saying that you won't read this post, doesn't it? You didn't read the previous one. >unless you're a true programmer at heart (or mind, really), there's no way you can learn new languages just like that. Becoming a "true programmer" isn't something that you're like born with; it's not like there has ever been a Paul Erdos[1] of programming coming up with novel GC schemes at the tender age of three -- it's a result of the combination of a sincere interest in the process of coding and the pursuit thereof, and the former can and usually does follow from the latter, as long as you are careful to try to move no faster than is natural for yourself and have the patience to continue at such a pace, and if you're like me and you constantly need external stimulation you should find some, but in any case it certainly isn't magic. [1] -- Erdos, quite famously, could calculate the number of seconds a person had been alive when he was three. e is: the unique number such that for all real x, e^x >= x^e the x-coordinate of the maximum of the function x^(1/x); for all real x, x^(1/x) the root of the hyperbolic logarithm ...hyperbolic logarithm? Well, 1/x -- the reciprocal function -- is a hyperbola, and the area under that function turns out to be: http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Natural_logarithm#Definitions Unfortunately, it's kind of hard to try to make sense of e without going into at least some basic calculus (which betterexplained does, in the form of a limit, but glosses over). It is commonly stated that e was discovered by Bernoulli, but the first references are from Napier, who presented a table of natural logarithms without any reference to e the number itself. I'm not a terribly huge fan of the two most common explanations of e: e = lim (1+1/n)^n as n grows e defined such that d/dx e^x = e^x The first definition has no obvious connection with most of the interesting properties of e, so while it makes plenty of sense it doesn't actually clarify anything about exponential functions or natural logarithms. The second definition asks students to simply assume one of the most interesting properties of e, without any clarification as to the derivation of such a number. Worse yet, students are usually introduced to both long before they are capable of understanding the connection between these definitions (this requiring L'Hopital's rule to properly understand) which basically tells them that "e is some magic that you can't understand". My favorite treatment of the idea is the one I had the privilege of learning as a student (perhaps I'm biased), which ignores e at first and defines the natural logarithm as shown above, as a definite integral resulting from the function 1/x, and then the fundamental property that d/dx e^x = e^x is proven from the previous definition, which requires only a little basic calculus. In fact, the text did not even say it was a logarithm, merely "Consider the function L(x) such that L(x) = the integral of dt/t from 1 to x", and then went on to prove that this satisfies several properties of a logarithm, that e is the unique number such that L(e) = 1, and finally derives the fundamental property of the exponential function (dy/dx = y) and so forth. I think that the fear that surrounds calculus and the use of its methods does many students a disservice by rejecting a more complete explanation in favor of one that requires slightly fewer uses of the word "integral". Of course, I'm a cantankerous prick. Well, I have a clever way to explain the relationship between areas under a hyperbola and continuously compounded interest: dy/dx = 1/x dx/dy = x Hopefully that isn't too confusing. If you start with the second relation (continuously compounded interest), a reciprocal gets you to the first (area under a hyperbola) -- the connection between exponentials/logarithms and areas under hyperbolae isn't immediately obvious to most people. Implicit differentiation is kind of scary, but "draw a curve whose slope is its height" requires an art degree. I like your essay on intuition, but I don't know if your interpretation of the factorial series is really deep enough to explain what is going on. A fully elementary treatment of Taylor's series is a really hard thing to achieve. This, however, could help: http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Binomial_theorem#Series_for_e The binomial theorem for integer exponents is easy enough to grasp, though Wikipedia's geometrical explanation is kind of hilarious: "[...] if one sets a = x and b = Δx, interpreting b as an infinitesimal change in a, then this picture shows the infinitesimal change in the volume of an n-dimensional hypercube, [...]" I'm afraid infintesimal changes in the volume of n-dimensional hypercubes probably aren't going to make exponential functions any easier to grasp for epsilons... Uh, would this paper count as "strong compelling evidence"? http://www.bitcoin.org/bitcoin.pdf >Many women grow up with a sense of physical vulnerability that's hard for men to appreciate. Our culture's relentless treatment of women as objects teaches them that they are defined by the one thing that men around them want from them Daaaaaamn are people ever good at misinterpreting this line. It doesn't matter whether women are at actual risk; it's about the perception of risk. They're your customers , not your students or children or friggin' royal subjects. Answering the question of actual risk has basically turned into a playground of competitive sophistry. On the other hand, perceived risk is goddamn obvious, and it's what matters. You don't start a social network by alienating people, regardless of whether they're 'right' or 'wrong' to feel the way they do. >Surely for every person who complains, ninety-nine women don't see an issue with it? 1% of Google's profits is more than you'll probably ever make in your entire life. >Could we see a top down view of the rise of man? The huge caveat is that you have some capability of travelling faster than the light leaving earth, so that you can then look back and absorb the rays. Easier: look at the light as it was gravitationally refracted around a black hole; some paths will probably reverse the relevant light and send it back towards the Earth. Unfortunately the size of the lens required to actually view this is impractically huge, possibly larger than the Solar System itself -- but it's fun to think about, I guess. >You're making this into a business decision. Well... that's the point. I really don't want to talk about it as an ethical decision, and I guess I can avoid that by pointing out that it is more obviously a good business decision. I'm sure Google put a lot of thought into this, but I'm also sure they put a lot of thought into the launch of Google Buzz. Unfortunately, the sheer amount of thinking that goes on doesn't guarantee success. Of course, now you've cornered me, so I have to talk about it as an ethical decision. So, some things which pop into my head: 1 - the ability to not show your gender does not change the relative status of the genders in public perception (hereafter "gender inequality") 2 - the ability to not show your gender does diminish the importance of gender inequality w.r.t. setting up a Google+ account , i.e., inequality affects you less if you don't have to show your gender 3 - gender inequality is generally considered a bad thing Per point (1), the negative consequences of allowing people to not show their gender are probably small, and per points (2) and (3), the positive consequences are probably significant. This means that people are probably better off being allowed to not show their gender. But b'gosh, I've let yet another cat out of the bag by introducing the concept of "perceived risk" and claiming its existence. Why do I think there is perceived risk? Personal experience. If you haven't run into a sexism debate yet, you haven't browsed any serious technology forum with any sort of regularity. If, in a sexism debate, you don't see comments about men doing untoward things to women, you probably haven't read the debate very thoroughly. If there is a gorilla in a room, and nobody sees it, nobody talks about it; if there is no gorilla in a room, but everyone thinks they see a gorilla, people talk about it: people talk about what they see. I hear enough talk either from women complaining about creepy guys or from people talking about such complaints that I figure it is commonplace. In lieu of evidence I go with intuition, because at some point I have to make a decision. I call it perceived risk because, in short form, people think that things they don't want to happen (anything from creepy private messages to violence) will happen if they show their gender. I'm trying not to accuse anyone of malice, negligince, cowardice or irrationality. Perhaps in some ironic twist this itself is cowardly. So, from an ethical standpoint, I hope this is enough to justify allowing people to hide their gender. There are many more questions: what risks are perceived, how do they come to be perceived, what risks are real, how do they come to exist, what are the effects of perceiving risk, how can real risk be prevented, and how can negative effects of perceiving risk be prevented, with an eye towards both valid and invalid perceived risk. In an effort to broadly treat the last two topics: It is progressively easier to take advantage of people who rank lower on Kohlberg's stages of moral development: http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Kohlberg%27s_stages_of_moral_de... An conception of the ideal of justice based on categorical imperatives (not necessarily in the Kantian sense) is not a guarantee of making the right decisions. However, it makes many decisions easier. It allows one to have sincere belief in their judgments about a situation, and to recognize irrational and unfair behavior before it has a chance of affecting oneself or others. Compassion is excellent, but in too many cases trying to make a compassionate decision leads to feelings of uncertainty and powerlessness. Self-interest is necessary for survival, but in too many cases trying to make a selfish decision leads to feelings of isolation and unfairness. Laws are a necessary component of a free society, but they are written by flawed human beings, and often prescribe no choice at all or an obviously bad one. Conversely: Making decisions based on rationally chosen principles leads to a better situation for humanity as a whole. Contrast the success of the American revolution with the failure of the French revolution: George Washington adhered to the principles of justice and fairness and Napoleon did not. Bismuth telluride is a compound of bismuth and tellurium. This would seem pedantic were it not for the fact that tellurium is rare as gold . There's another tellurium-based pipe dream in the form of cadmium telluride solar cells, which have the lucky coincidence of being highly efficient and very cheap to manufacture. Unfortunately... rare as gold . http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Abundance_of_elements_in_Earth%... -- tellurium variously at 0.005, 0.001, and 0.001 ppm, and gold at 0.0011, 0.0031, and 0.004 ppm. So "similarly rare." Friends don't let friends try to save the world with tellurium. Mhm. The math for that one is not too bad, requiring a "vanishingly tiny" amount of Te per m^2, so that our current production gives a little over a gigawatt's worth per year. We'd need "merely" two orders of magnitude increase. (old explanation removed) http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Cadmium_telluride_photovoltaics... It's actually more up-in-the-air than I thought about twenty minutes ago -- tellurium has not been widely prospected, and the source du jour is undersea ocean ridges: http://walrus.wr.usgs.gov/reports/reprints/Hein_GCA_67.pdf ( http://docs.google.com/viewer?a=v&q=cache:FeKPblDo6GYJ:w... ) I'm still a skeptic. This is mostly because the visible portion of the Sun is not currently undergoing nuclear fusion. Fusion occurs only in the core, not in the outer layers. Also, you're ignoring feedback, which isn't intuitive to ignore -- the blackbody radiation produced by a kilo of 5000 K plasma is huge, enough to supply a person's daily energy and then some -- it just doesn't get emitted from the Sun, which is why that energy will last for another ten billion years. A layperson would probably (try to) count all of the thermal energy which is emitted by such a plasma whenever it's not totally surrounded by more of the same plasma. In that sense, the layperson would be correct -- a kilo of Sun-matter, after being removed from the Sun -- produces a massive amount of power. The density of the Sun is approximately 2 * 10^-4 kg/m^3 in the photosphere ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Sun ). We're ignoring the core for now, because that's at more like 15000000 K, so. A kilo thus takes up 5 * 10^3 m^3, which is a sphere with radius ~12 m, having a surface area of ~1.4 * 10^3 m^2. The power radiated by a kilo of plasma from the Sun's photosphere is thus is j' = area * sigma * temperature^4, where sigma = 5.67 * 10^-8 is the Stefan-Boltzmann constant ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Blackbody_radiation#Stefan.E2.8... ), so j' = 1.4 * 10^3 * 5.67 * 10^-8 * (5 * 10^3)^4 = 4.96 * 10^10 watts, or well over a person's daily caloric intake every second (In fact, this is approximately the energy consumption of a small country). The major advantage of fusion is that it can be sustained for a long, long, long time, after any terrestrial source of uranium or thorium will have run dry. Deuterium is an effectively inexhaustible resource, and as long as there are neutron fluxes there will be a source of tritium as well. Neutrons are not really more penetrating than other sorts of radiation, just differently penetrating, as they are blocked not electrostatically (by metals, as in the case of alpha/beta/gamma radiation) but by nuclear interactions (i.e. absorbed by atomic nuclei) requiring the use of different sorts of materials to block them (aka neutron modulators). It is largely a solved problem. >It's technically true, but the process is very expensive Well... yes, heavy water costs a good $600 / kg for the super-pure sort used in nuclear reactors. Still, this isn't really more expensive than plutonium or enriched uranium -- I can't get cost figures mostly because civilians like me can't buy plutonium, surprisingly. Tritium is a lot more expensive mostly due to a current lack of production and use, but it can be produced easily from lithium-6 or potentially from heavy water itself. Fusion, however, has a few significant advantages: The only radioactive product is tritium itself: a beta emitter with a short half-life which, unlike radioactive strontium and iodine, has zero potential to accumulate in biological systems and the environment is already full of the stuff thanks to cosmic rays. The reaction is not a runaway -- if the confinement somehow fails, fusion stops instantly. This is not great to harp on because nuclear fission is still one of the safest sources of energy, statistically speaking. The fuel is ubiquitous -- there are no terrorists selling heavy water a la Back to the Future; both deuterium and lithium are recovered from seawater, and doing so is far easier than recovering uranium from seawater. This means far less trade issues and no Iraq War type stuff in the interest of securing the Earth's supply of heavy water. Uranium, by contrast, is distributed unfairly throughout the Earth. The fuel is inexhaustible -- at last count, if producing tritium from deuterium can be achieved, the Earth's supply of heavy water will last for several million years. Even the most starry-eyed predictions from thorium only have around a 10000-year supply prediction. ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Energy_development#Nuclear is the source here -- Wiki claims 150 billion for deuterium alone, but I'm assuming our energy usage will keep increasing) >Thanks, I was not aware that the surface of the Sun is very bright. Well, you also clearly weren't aware of the point I was making: if you ask a misleading question, you get a misleading answer. >I continue to claim that if you ask laymen about the mass of their "personal portion" of this reactor, you will get answers that are about 8 orders of magnitude smaller than in reality. I actually tried this just now, with expected results ("some kind of a tiny pinhead thing"). There is no point to this exercise, other than to show that people have no intuitive vision of these scales; it doesn't make them stupid, the scales are just unintuitive and outside of their experience. I don't claim to have discovered anything about astrophysics. The 'laypeople' are basically right, though: if you actually extract the energy from a bit of thermal plasma it only takes a "pinhead" to supply energy for an entire human life. Obviously the energy being actually emitted is much smaller, just as there is no light emitted from a box with a bright light in it, but that doesn't mean that the light in the box couldn't easily light up a room. Like, the amount of 15000000 degree plasma at the core of the Sun that could destroy a small city if it were released is probably no larger than my fist. >rather nasty fusion products There really aren't any seriously nasty fusion products -- tritium and positrons, the latter being instantly destroyed and the former already present in the atmosphere. >Bill Gates http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Bill_and_Melinda_Gates_Foundati... http://scottaaronson.com/blog/?p=208 -- possibly helpful for those who saw the Shor's algorithm bit and wanted more. Clojure is new. Hickey's status as the designer of a major and taken-seriously programming language is new. My knowledge of Rich Hickey is itself new -- I started seeing articles about the guy about a year ago. New means that most of the things that will eventually be written about Hickey and Clojure have not yet been written. Clojure has a future, but Wikipedia is about the present. The current Wikipedia article on Rich Hickey doesn't actually tell me a whole lot about him. He invented Clojure, he's a software developer (logical consequence of the preceding), he "has worked on scheduling systems, broadcast automation, audio analysis and fingerprinting, database design, yield management, exit poll systems, and machine listening." -- where? how? with whom? All of these are potentially notable, but none are when they're shotgunned at the reader. Of the sources there, Code Quarterly might qualify as a respectable publication, if it takes off -- it too is new. Keep in mind that, say, moot, inventor of 4chan (more famous than Clojure) didn't have his own Wikipedia article until he started Canvas. Until as recently as June 2011, http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Christopher_Poole redirected to http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/4chan and it was only moot's ascendance as an entrepreneur which changed that. Wikipedia notability relies on secondary source coverage, and secondary source coverage requires time to occur. >though how did they get an iOS device? This is, incidentally, kind of a silly question. It's like assuming that owning a car means you can afford to eat a $20 restaurant meal every night. Sure, cars cost way more than food, but that's not the point. ...did you just equate an iPhone with a Ferrari, or am I missing some fundamental point of comparison here? iPhones and other Apple products are not very expensive. They're not the cheapest products on the market, but that isn't really the point; Homo economicus ( http://www.smbc-comics.com/?id=2095 ) might consider it a luxury item, but that just doesn't describe the purchasing decisions and ethos of the vast majority of today's consumers. Consequently, it's kind of a ridiculous assumption. People spend money in different ways when you're looking at a once-every-few-years purchase as opposed to an everyday purchase. Someone's perception of whether they can afford an application vs a phone is not evaluated solely on price. This isn't about morals, it's about economics. I'm not saying you should pirate things you can't afford, I'm saying that buying an iPhone is not a guarantee of being well-off, even absent the 'gift' factor. >But an app isn't an everyday purchase either. Not for you, not for me; can you say that for everyone? Data plans are irrelevant. I could well point out car insurance in the ancestor analogy. EDIT: Allow me to clarify. A phone is a decision made once. The data plan, the price of the phone, these are all taken into account at the time the purchasing decision is made. Applications are a long chain of decisions which are each approached individually. Wait, wait, wait. Android has realized the dream of fully open hardware and software? This is the same Android that comes with a bunch of closed-source stuff [1], stores your data on servers which are not yours, and runs primarily on proprietary handsets? I'm happy for the success of Android and it represents a significant step towards openness in both the mobile phone space and the personal computer space, but this is certainly not the end of the war, nor is it the beginning of the end. Perhaps it is the end of the beginning. [1] - http://www.fsf.org/bulletin/2008/fall/mobile Obviously, and if I don't like Windows, I can install a BSD or anything from http://gnu.org/ and run a fully free computer (or Kolibri or Haiku). That is relevant to the success of the open-source movement on the desktop, but it's not the end-game. That isn't the point, though: the point is that people are using closed-source software by default. That's where the money is. If you want people to do something, you need to pay for it. Want cures for various forms of cancer? Funding. A complete string theory? Funding. Improved transportation infrastructure, novel energy sources, dissemination of medical care to the impoverished, long-distance space travel, and sustainable food resources? Funding, funding, funding, funding and funding. The ugly counterpart to this is that funding happens where desire is, and it doesn't need to be legislated if people really want something. If people really wanted cancer treatments / space travel / etc, they'd be paying for it, one way or another. Perhaps your complaint should be "consumers want to pay for their own entertainment, not the advancement of humanity". Don't shoot the highly talented messengers. Incidentally, $activity for The Cure is such a joke. Have you ever seen anyone donate a substantial amount during such an activity? They throw in like ten dollars. Then they drop forty dollars on sushi to celebrate how fucking enlightened they are. >It's not only the leaves who suffer. The constraint propagates up as well as down. So managers are constrained too; instead of just doing things, they have to act through subordinates. http://orwell.ru/library/articles/elephant/english/e_eleph >nope, still no flying cars We have plenty of flying things that ordinary people can afford. Ultralights, powered paragliders, some cheap helicopters, etc. The legal reality of flying things means that they'll never be useful for mass transportation: if you thought drunk driving was bad, wait'll you see drunk flying . Do you want some dumbass crashing into your roof in the middle of the night? Or hell, crashing into you , when you're both 300 feet in the air? Fact is, we've got a nation full of people who can't handle the responsibility of living next to a McDonald's, flight is like a joke. >I came to the conclusion that I wasn’t going to give up that easy and I went to see a lawyer. I figured I had enough money to present a decent battle – how wrong I was. I told the lawyer my story and what the situation was and the consensus was not good. Give up. I was told I could not win. Regardless of if I had a case or not, fighting a company this size was not worth it. Nowadays I can agree with what the guy was saying but being told to give up hit me hard. Man, this sort of abuse of the legal system ought to be treated as a criminal activity, with prison time as an option for the execs involved. It's not about the quitting, it's about the charity or the startup or whatever. You can run away from things all your life, but you'll never get to a place called 'there'; you'll find that everywhere you go is still 'here'. You have to go towards what you want, not away from what you don't. You could be right, 'cuz I don't know the legality of "selling an mp3 player that looks like that mp3 player some other guy sells" and certainly not in Australia. However, I mean the use of the legal system as intimidation instead of arbitration, which is what happened here. Might be easier to charge the sales tax only on people who clicked the affiliate links. Trying to tax the people who didn't sounds unfair, considering Quill Corporation v. North Dakota . Salaries in Britain are in general lower than the US, especially as measured by purchasing power parity; the difference is about 30%. This is recouped in theory by the increased services provided by the British government (e.g. NHS and the Dole). On the other hand, New York is more expensive than the Valley and salaries are, IIRC, even higher. >We don't know if Turing-equivalent formalisms are the Ultimate Representation of Everything, but they seem to be by far the best Representation of Everything anyone has found so far. Well, sure... and Wolfram's 2-state-3-symbol means that an incredibly tiny machine with no memory at all is basically equivalent to any computer we've ever designed. However, that doesn't provide us any insight into how thinking works, or how to write programs, or anything really. It's a mathematical curiosity. In reality, Turing machines themselves are a terrible representation of algorithms, since despite being able to represent anything, anyone who tries to think of writing code in terms of developing simple rules for writing numbers on a strip is going to lose their mind. Aside from the obvious problem (AIXI is undecidable), there's no real reason to believe that it represents a useful way to analyze the problem of intelligence. For one thing, no progress has really been made on the Hutter prize since its inception -- prediction by partial matching continues to win, and it was developed in the '80s. >"Throughout the 18th century the National Debt grew and grew, from nothing at the end of the 17th century to about 60 percent of GDP by the end of the War of Spanish Succession in 1715." That's a fifteen-year period, not throughout the 18th century, and for that entire period, England was at war. It's absolutely true: debts help win wars. This isn't surprising: war is one of those times when there's a good argument for borrowing against the future, because the alternative is annihilation. On the other hand, during most periods of peace, historically, debt as a percent of GDP has fallen. http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/File:US_Federal_Debt_as_Percent... The thing is we don't have any more wars worth fighting. Maybe in twenty years the precarious situation of "the largest economy in the world is totalitarian [i.e. China]" will boil over, but that definitely isn't happening any time soon. These days, we just accrue debt for no reason, or to fight a war on nothing (drugs, terror, cancer, tobacco). Debt by country: http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/File:Public_debt_percent_gdp_wo... Growth by country: http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/File:GDP_real_growth_rate_CIA_F... (I wanted to say something about this but I'm having trouble distinguishing between five identical shades of green) >Thanks to DNA analysis we know that today’s human population is descended from twice as many women as men. Link? Obvious problem: Genghis Khan is dead. The fact that a full third of Asia and consequently a sixth of the whole world has some genetic similarity to Genghis Khan does not make him any less dead. Evolution is not teleological and genes do not "want". Genes just happen; they're chemicals. Working to ensure the continuation of your genes is not mandated or valuable -- it is likely . Your parents probably did, because you exist, and most people are like their parents; modus ponens you probably will. It's not a command or an idea or a system of value, it's a description. The other obvious problem is that societies which played into the competitive heirarchy were only successful for some weird definitions of successful. If the Mongol empire is your idea of success, you have some crazy ideas about success, because the empire flared up and disappeared within 100 years, leaving Asia in ruins. On the other hand, the British and their methodical boringness not only conquered the world but lived to tell of it, and they did so largely by exploiting the willingness of less organized and "fair" societies to turn on each other -- how, precisely, did the tiny island of Britain conquer all of India (which had 20 times as many people)? Mostly because the Indians of the 19th century were backstabbing assholes: http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Divide_and_Rule And how were the British kicked out of India? Well, by none other than some pacifist self-sacrificing guy named Mohandas Gandhi. >To make a long story really short, the British did ridiculous amounts of good in their colonies. Uh, okay, so... I'm bad at explaining things, because that is the point of what I wrote about the British. The British were successful not by being cutthroat but by being fair. The author characterizes such 'cooperative' strategies as ineffective, and says that they don't tend to succeed: >The essence of how culture uses men depends on a basic social insecurity. This insecurity is in fact social, existential, and biological. Built into the male role is the danger of not being good enough to be accepted and respected and even the danger of not being able to do well enough to create offspring. >The basic social insecurity of manhood is stressful for the men, and it is hardly surprising that so many men crack up or do evil or heroic things or die younger than women. But that insecurity is useful and productive for the culture, the system. >Again, I’m not saying it’s right, or fair, or proper. But it has worked. The cultures that have succeeded have used this formula, and that is one reason that they have succeeded instead of their rivals. The Empire had lots of 'morality' and 'fairness' provisions that the societies it conquered did not. It could be said that this sense of fairness led to the loss of the Empire -- but Britain is arguably better off now than 80 years ago, whereas Mongolia is... not rich. >About the closest I could find is that cultures who disproportionately use their men for high-risk roles are more successful than those who do not; but I don't see how this differentiated the British from the Mongols. Oh, they both did -- no question about that -- but the Mongols did it a whole damn lot more , i.e. warrior society as opposed to civil society, and were arguably less successful, long term. >It was pretty good for Genghis Khan's genes if a sixth of the world is related to him. Genghis Khan's genes don't care. They're genes. They just exist. > it makes things clearer to think of [genes] as if they did have an agenda. Not really. The Price equation doesn't really bring agenda into the issue. >It's [genetics] not an individual thing. Of course not! Life is an individual thing. Where you trail off into the aether is when you say Genghis Khan benefits from something happening today. Genghis Khan cannot possibly benefit from anything happening today, because he died a long damn time ago. >As for doing good in India, even under the Mughal empire, India is estimated to have a share of 30% of world GDP until the 18th century. Wiki doesn't agree: http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/British_Raj#Technological_and_e... >India's per capita GDP decreased from $550 in 1700 to $520 by 1857, although it had increased to $618 by 1947 I'm not sure whose dollars those are... but it certainly doesn't sound like the Mughal empire ever controlled anything remotely approaching 30% of world GDP. Here's how the British won India, for reference: http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Battle_of_Plassey 750 European soldiers and 2100 sepoys defeating 53000 Indians speaks volumes about the latter's ability to organize. >Is there some theorem that proves a certain portion of issued debt must be risky? It seems unlikely to me. No, but there is a theorem -- or call it an axiom -- that the amount of debt issued is equal to the amount of debt owed... okay, not a theorem, it depends on people being honest. Now the thing that's hard to believe is that we went from a situation in which the vast majority of debtors were unreliable to the current situation where a significant proportion are considered reliable, and did all of this without any really significant or obvious cultural change, and during a period in which bankruptcy was just as common as before... basically, the "mathematically impossible" thing is that there is a lot more debt being considered reliable but there aren't any more reliable debtors. Now, you could contest the latter: are there more reliable debtors today? It's not impossible, but I don't see very many, beyond the US Treasury. From 1869 to 1918, the per-capita GDP increases from $4600 to $12000 -- a time constant of 1.95% per year. From 1918 to 2011, the per-capita GDP increases from $12000 to $47300 -- a time constant of 1.47% per year. That is, the pre-Fed period experienced 32% faster growth over-all, or at least that's what it looks like, to me. Feel free to contest my analysis. http://www.wolframalpha.com/input/?i=log%2812000+%2F+4600%29... -- first time period. Per-capita GDP starts at $4600 and ends at $12000 over 49 years. http://www.wolframalpha.com/input/?i=log%2847300+%2F+12000%2... -- second time period. Per-capita GDP starts at $12000 and end at $47300 over 93 years. You didn't even tell him the right word -- if you wanted to help him learn English, you might say something to the effect of: queue -- noun. A first-in, first-out data structure, such as a supermarket line, or processes to be scheduled naively. cue -- verb. To prepare for, to bring up, to introduce, typically used as a command. Also noun. an indication that it is time to do something, cf. "that's our cue!". Also used in the phrase "on cue", meaning timely. The phenomenon of kids becoming famous very young isn't new. If anything, kids are older now when they become famous. Michael Jackson's career started at five -- this didn't have a very good outcome for his psyche later in life, but the point stands. >If nothing else, we need a way to downvote posts which are objectively wrong. I don't know. Objective wrongness ranks low on my list of reasons to downvote, which is usually because a post is off-topic or intended only to insult the parent. Consequently, I rarely use the downvote option. If I think someone is wrong, I usually respond with an explanation, or wait for someone else to do the same. Okay, so... from UNIX v5, OpenBSD added a -n flag that prevents a trailing newline, Plan 9 adds the -n flag and pushes the argv into a buffer (why?) before printing, FreeBSD does all that and also prevents a trailing newline if the last argument ends with "\c" (why?), and GNU does... something complicated. Oh, that makes sense. Speaking of clever tricks, would it be faster or slower to use c99's variable-length arrays instead of malloc? >For the winning research Ms. Bose looked at a chemotherapy drug, cisplatin, that is commonly taken by women with ovarian cancer. The problem is that the cancer cells tend to grow resistant to cisplatin over time, and Ms. Bose set out to find a way to counteract that. Original study: https://sites.google.com/site/ampkandcisplatinresistance/ Doesn't seem to have been published yet, but presumably it will be. >I have personal projects at home that I've started and don't want to release yet. (Maybe not ever.) Who cares if someone sees it? Are you planning on selling it? "anthropormphized" --> "anthropomorphi[zs]ed", from anthropos = "human" + morphe = "form" + ize/ise = "make", i.e. "make the form of a human". How robust can you make a system that seems to require constant energy input? That is to say, what if nobody shits in it for a while? One of the really cool things about this is the readily available links to descriptions of the core applications. Easily the best-designed distro website I've ever seen. The bad news: branding collisions galore: The 'e' looks way too much like enlightenment's 'e', and enlightenment already has a project called elementary -- http://trac.enlightenment.org/e/wiki/Elementary The design of the whole bloody thing looks exactly like OS X. The topbar, the notification icons, the dock, the Midori icon (which is weird -- Midori already has a standard claw icon that looks cooler than the compass http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Midori_%28web_browser%29 ). Hell, they even have a set of "human interface guidelines"! http://www.elementaryos.org/docs/human-interface-guidelines >What are they gonna do when every govt/corporate website starts sanitizing its webapps' input and patching its network services? That's among their stated goals. >In short, the minute I start deciding on my own when to break the law and disrespect other people's property rights because of a cause -- even a legitimate cause -- I become an enemy of everybody. ' [...] at first glance it may seem rather paradoxical for us consciously to break laws. One may well ask: "How can you advocate breaking some laws and obeying others?" The answer lies in the fact that there are two types of laws: just and unjust. I would be the first to advocate obeying just laws. One has not only a legal but a moral responsibility to obey just laws. Conversely, one has a moral responsibility to disobey unjust laws. I would agree with St. Augustine that "an unjust law is no law at all."' Martin Luther King Jr, Letter from a Birmingham Jail -- http://www.africa.upenn.edu/Articles_Gen/Letter_Birmingham.h... If you want to argue that some of Anon's actions have been unethical, that's fair, and many people -- including some anons -- will agree with you. However, there are certainly times when breaking the law is justified in support of the rights of the people. >That's not what MLK is saying at all. You don't get to break any law simply because one of them is unjust. That wasn't what I was saying at all, either: I was responding specifically to the sentence I quoted, and I explicitly clarified this: "if you want to argue that some of Anon's actions are unethical [...]". Ancestor had seemed to support a legalist position, which is, in my opinion, a disappointingly popular ethos. >There is a simple unstated question that this thread brings out, though: are you an enemy of my country? The question inherent in this question: who and what, precisely, defines "my country"? I'll bet at most a tiny minority considers themself an enemy of the food system. I'm quite a fan, though there is a serious need for reform in many aspects. >If this is truly the author's goal, however, they need to stop associating with LulzSec. In principle, I agree. The 'internet privacy' movement would be better served if the people who supported it differentiated themselves from the people who are just fucking around. I think a lot of them realize this. The question "why don't they" has its answer in the dark catacombs of the human psyche. LulzSec and Anonymous draw a lot of their support, i.e. membership, from teenagers who want to feel like the antihero of one of today's popular bildungsroman-turned-polemic, y'know, V for Vendetta , or The Matrix , Avatar , etc. Being somewhat evil is cool, and Anonymous needs to look cool for people to want to be part of it. I'm sure the aforementioned Black Panthers lived on this for a while as well. Some people did try to break the moral section of the movement away from the lunatic fringe; it was called Enturbulation and later WhyWeProtest, and they went after Scientology and later ACTA. Ultimately, though, WhyWeProtest slowly became irrelevant, because without a steady stream of angry people and plenty of press coverage their membership was decimated by the attrition of boredom and disillusionment. It's still around at http://whyweprotest.net/ but unlike Anonymous you've never heard of them. I support the EFF and Wikileaks much more readily than I support Anonymous, but at the same time I figure no social change movement has succeeded without a lunatic fringe -- there were plenty of violent people fighting for India's independence, the breakup of the Soviet Union started with a coup, there were multiple violent civil rights activists in the '60s, etc. >At one point or another, this argument for civil liberties gets repetitive and overblown. No one I know has ever felt like their freedoms were at stake Really? Make that one person, but there are surely more. >Who are we to judge corruption, and what sources of information do we really have? Who are a bunch of flawed humans to judge anything? Physics operates on a totally open system of merit. Economics as well. Doctors are directly responsible to reality. These are sciences. Government is not a science, and it is an intention of the system that the people should be able to evaluate it. From The Federalist #51: "If men were angels, no government would be necessary. If angels were to govern men, neither external nor internal controls on government would be necessary. In framing a government which is to be administered by men over men, the great difficulty lies in this: you must first enable the government to control the governed; and in the next place oblige it to control itself. A dependence on the people is, no doubt, the primary control on the government; but experience has taught mankind the necessity of auxiliary precautions." Incidentally, we do not "leave medicine to the doctors" in any realistic sense -- there are numerous byzantine legal controls on the medical profession, such as, for example, the FDA. To "leave medicine to the doctors" would be to abolish the FDA, medical malpractice litigation, patient privacy laws, etc. >Hacking into their servers, getting people fired (and therefore replacing them with less experienced people), and leaking sensitive information so the uneducated public can get their opinions in, is -NOT- going to solve anything. At all. Ever. http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Pentagon_Papers Ultimately, experience is not a guarantee of competence or even a strong indicator in most fields, be it physics or government. Programming is a notable exception. >I don't agree with a lot of the things that various government organizations are allegedly doing either. However, I also understand that I probably don't have all the facts. I also know that even if I had all the facts, I would probably not commit much time to analyzing all of them, in order to make a sound decision on the best course of action. Why don't other people realize this? I realize it about you , specifically. Would you argue that because of their positions, the heads of the DEA and TSA are necessarily more competent than the vast number of medical, legal, and security experts who argue that their actions are often unnecessary and unjustified? There are people outside the government capable -- perhaps superbly so -- of analyzing the merit of government action. It is also somewhat if not extremely naive to assume that government officials make decisions from a competent and ethical stance, and that "mistakes" are indeed a result of circumstances rather than malice or neglect. Is it naive to assume a majority of legislators are corrupt? It doesn't matter -- it is possible to look at the evidence, so assumptions are largely unnecessary. When a serious Presidential contender argues that Paul Revere rode to "warn the British", the legitimacy of government can scarcely be assumed. >The problem with that line of thinking is that there is no universally accepted, objective standard of what defines a just and unjust law. Do we make those decisions based on Natural Law? How about on the teachings of Mohammed? Jesus? etc. Everything every human does is solely their reaction to their perception. It is as possible to misperceive the law itself as it is to differ on ethical reality; this is irrelevant to the reasoning of any individual. The law is a fluid entity, created by humans, and it is obviously incomplete as evidenced by the fact that we keep modifying it. Furthermore, some notion of ethics has to exist in order to create any law at all. There is a large body of work in the field of ethics, and it is not really unreasonable for most people to try to understand it. While many philosophers disagree on particulars or even the entire foundation, there are many common elements in the philosophy of people as different as Kant and Nietzsche. So yes, you have to react to what you consider to be a just law, just as you have to react to what you consider to be the law -- how many people do you know who actually know the law? In practice, this does not usually lead to much difficulty, if all of the participants agree to use at least a little logic. The best analogy I can come up with is language -- everyone speaks their own version of language (even when everyone is speaking the "same language), and if the rules are codified anywhere it is inevitably a tiny subset of the language that is actually used. Despite this, human communication has been quite successful over the past several millenia. >What liberties do you feel are at stake? Do you feel oppressed - that suddenly your rights may be taken away? Yes. Here, do you need examples? http://arstechnica.com/tech-policy/news/2011/07/a-pound-of-f... >Yet, they think they understand complex social initiatives because it's more 'down to earth'. To what precisely do you refer? Most people defer to someone who makes coherent arguments for their positions, rather than using gunpowder. The former group usually consists of experts. If I don't have the greatest grip on airport security, that doesn't mean I can't defer to Bruce Schneier because I find his argument more coherent than John Pistole. >Sure, but how do we identify who is right, out of the thousands of people who are wrong? I'm not arguing that the government is perfect. I'm simply saying it might be the most practical system. In the end, the same way we choose who gets into the government in the first place -- popular opinion. This is not to say that popular opinion is always right, and in fact it is quite often wrong, but people are generally swayed by logic, and it just so happens that things which are close to the truth tend to be more convincing that utter lies. The responsibility of the government to popular opinion is the foundation of any democracy. (Of course, I, as an individual, make judgments using logic, not popular opinion -- this much is clear -- but I am not a particularly special individual) >I do not believe it is a general descriptor for the majority of incidents. http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Japanese_americans_1942 >it'll just be government 2.0. Well, obviously. That's the point. Government 1.0 sucks. >The point I really disagree with is: people are generally swayed by logic. That's not true. People are generally swayed by emotion These are not mutually exclusive. In general, humans try to be consistent -- hence the rise of philosophy multiple independent times in multiple independent cultures. >Are they really doing this for the good of mankind or are they just trying to get attention? They're, presumably, trying to get attention for the good of mankind. "Get attention" is literally the only [1] useful thing Anonymous is actually capable of doing, remember -- they can release documents to bring them to people's attention, make statements to influence people's opinion, etc. There is no need to inform people that the government of North Korea is corrupt, because everyone already knows it's corrupt. It'd be like informing people that oxygen is a really nice thing to breathe. The prospect for literally "attacking" most organizations is kind of weak. Most of the corrupt governments in the world aren't very technologically advanced, so disrupting their computer systems wouldn't do much good. I'm sure Anonymous would love to go after Blackwater, I [and probably they] just have no idea how Anonymous could go after Blackwater. [1] -- okay, not only . The alternative is interfering with military systems resp. affecting a war, but this is far more difficult, dangerous, and just generally a bad thing. >I read somewhere that an Anonymous hacker used to fight oppressive governments in Africa. Why did he stop? I don't think he stopped. He just isn't getting press coverage at the moment. >Whoever, with intent or reason to believe that it is to be used to the injury of the United States or to the advantage of a foreign nation I don't think this qualifies. I don't know, maybe in the most trivial "if it wasn't going to cause a problem, why were they hiding it?" sort of way. But it's not "reason to believe it could be used", it's "reason to believe it was to be used". That is, Anonymous would have to have thought that the Internet intends to use this to hurt the United States, that the people to whom they deliver the information -- people like you and I -- intend to harm the US. Not that they could , but that they would . Harming the US is not among my goals, nor is it among the goals of most people who will see the documents. That's where I think it gets up in the air. I don't think most Anons want to start a war, they just want the American people to protest government secrecy. Bradley Manning didn't get hit with "delivering defense information to aid foreign government" and considering the amount of egg he got on the military's face I'm sure they would've liked to. "White people" is a perfectly reasonable term; you don't need to dress it up if that's what you mean. Genetically, it's not totally accurate ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/White_people#21st_century ) but socially, it's a thing. >They only have to do better than the current, abysmal ~3,000 fatalities per day. It's not 3000 fatalities per day, it's more like 150. http://usgovinfo.about.com/cs/healthmedical/a/aacrashdeaths.... Furthermore, this needs to be balanced against the potential for some seriously ugly 1984-style stuff when you give an external authority control of millions of cars. I don't understand how someone can complain about TSA regulations one day and turn around and ask for mandatory automated cars the next. Fatalities are more likely in non-first-world countries without developed infrastructure: http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/File:Road_traffic_accidents_wor... Conversely, I think it is reasonable to assume that the orange and red countries on the map can and will eventually look like Europe. Higher than 150, yes, but 3000 only if you count deaths from places like Iran. (there's a decreasing trend here: http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/File:U.s._traffic_deaths_as_fra... ) >Your comparison is absurd. A strange complaint, coming from someone who not twenty minutes ago compared mandatory automated cars to vaccination, the former being a significant infringement on freedom for an undetermined safety gain and the latter being the most successful medical program in the history of humanity. >Bear in mind I'm not advocating the removal of cars - merely that great efforts should be made to introduce self-driving cars over the next generation or two. Okay, and that's fair, but this thread started with someone saying automated cars should be mandatory, so surely you'll understand if we choose to argue against that point? I support computers being used to improve highway safety. I am not yet ready to conclude that the best way to go about this is to mandate self-driving cars for everyone, no exceptions. Two different law systems, two different legal philosophies. In the Nordic model, prison is largely rehabilitative. I don't think they even give life sentences. In America, prison is decidedly punitive, with little thought to rehabilitation, and the death penalty is commonplace. >32,000 deaths a year from driving in US. 500,000 deaths a year from cancer in US. My personal favorite: http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/List_of_countries_by_suicide_ra... Suicides at 11.1 per 100,000 per year, or about 33000 per year. You're roughly as likely to kill yourself as to die in an auto accident. >This can't be true. I mean, sure, you could take a rifle downtown, place a target on a brick wall and start honing your shooting skills across a busy road. You might even have every intention of avoiding causing other people any harm. >That doesn't mean I think you should have the freedom to do so. Hyperbole? Driving is dangerous, on that we are agreed, but the activity in your example is far, far, far more dangerous. There is obviously some standard of danger at which we no longer ban people from doing things: you aren't allowed to shoot at people, but you are allowed to carry a gun in the first place, and even regardless of your own intention this admits the possibility that someone insane might steal your gun and shoot innocent people. So I don't think that valuing the freedom to control your own vehicle can be immediately dismissed as absurd. The apparent danger of driving is exaggerated by the astounding safety of modern life: at no point before 1900 did any human enjoy anything remotely approaching a modern standard of safety. In industrialized countries, the vehicle fatality rate is commensurate with or below the suicide rate. The number of people who enjoy the freedom of driving is massive, essentially the entire adult population of those countries, and so this common experience perhaps should not be ignored. Some of -- but not all of -- the value in freedom is reflected in the potential for damage in non-freedom. If some external agent controls the mobility of the population, the potential for abuse is massive. >Such flamebait is not appropriate. In this particular case, the death penalty is relatively commonplace. As in, using OECD as a benchmark, the US executes more people than the average OECD member. I wanted to illustrate the contrast between the American and Norwegian legal systems, not make a statement about the use or validity of the death penalty. http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Death_penalty#Global_distributi... Well, nicotine is an anorectic (reduces appetite), and calorie restriction is the most proven life-extension technique known (in rats), so there is the idea that nicotine --> unintentional calorie restriction --> potentially longer lifespan. Nicotine is a lot easier on the body than other anorectics, which sounds like a weird claim but "other anorectics" means nasty things like methamphetamine and fenfluramine; nicotine is a walk in the park by comparison. The dangers associated with smoking make it an obvious negative, but nicotine itself is not considered carcinogenic. It remains to be seen if any of those currently experimenting with intentional calorie restriction will achieve similar results to those seen in animal studies; this would be quite impressive if true. http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Calorie_restriction#Primates Incidentally, while the cerebrum -- the big, wrinkled top part -- is the largest part of the brain, and the most well-studied, it actually only contains a minority of neurons. http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Neuron#Neurons_in_the_brain The cerebrum has ~16.3 billion neurons, whereas the cerebellum has ~69 billion. Also, while people missing large parts of their brain can seem to do okay, the traumatic loss of even a small part of the brain can do severe damage: http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Phineas_Gage http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Broca%27s_area I'm certainly not the only one who read that and thought "y'know, it'd be nice to set that up in the first world". If you can provide 22 Mbps connections to a large area wirelessly, you have a business model, right? Plus, it requires laying/leasing almost no cable. >because each customer gets less than 1 Mbps I don't follow? Each tower can presumably broadcast multiple access points. Just as relevant, to me: they were honest about their findings . Compare this to all of the highly flawed studies that some companies have pushed into journals in the past two decades. >Where do we draw the line on decency? "If damage incurred through malice or gross negligence exceeds a reasonable proportion of the overall value of the establishment" where reasonable proportion might be defined as anything from 0.5% to 5%. The cool thing about legalese is how it can define a whole lot of undefinable things. I am not a lawyer and never will be. The Supreme Court does not evaluate the intention of a law. Remember, the very process of judicial review was introduced after the Constitution was written, so the parts of the Constitution where it explains why it is written the way it is are rather clearly not policies. That said, Title 35 of the United States Code states: >Whoever invents or discovers any new and useful process, machine, manufacture, or composition of matter, or any new and useful improvement thereof, may obtain a patent therefor, subject to the conditions and requirements of this title. It is difficult to see how software patents could really fall under this. I don't know of any software patent describing a "process" which is not simply a mathematical algorithm (unpatentable), and they certainly don't describe a machine, manufacture, or composition of matter. The patent described in Diamond v. Diehr is really not at all what we would today consider a software patent; it's not really similar to the patents on, say, wavelet compression in any sense beyond "there's silicon involved". It was a process of molding synthetic rubber, not pushing bits around. >Just because Congress is incompetent doesn't mean we should put it on SCOTUS to fix our problems for us. Congress never passed a law allowing software patents, though. It was the courts (but only the lower courts, never the Supreme Court) which historically interpreted the old patent laws (written before the age of computers) to apply to software -- I don't know of any parts of Title 35 which cover software specifically. Congress could modify the law to explicitly allow software patents, but they haven't. s/unjust/unconstitutional/g The Courts serve justice, but it is a legal justice, not a philosophical ideal. >If you read SW patents they're usually pitched as processes over a computer device. The problem is that a computer is itself a mathematical construct. If the patents really wanted to describe a process on a device, they could not use as their "device" a Turing machine, because that is not a physical device in the sense of water sanitization. Whereas water sanitization requires the physical presence of water, a program can exist totally in theory as some bits in Wolfram's 2-state-3-symbol. That is, unless you believe the mathematical universe hypothesis, but I don't think the Court's job is to decide whether the Universe exists! I am also not a lawyer, nor formally educated in the field of law. I do know a bit about theoretical CS, though. >Computers aren't mathematical constructs. A particular computer is not a mathematical construct. The concept of a computer , however, is a mathematical construct; there are no physical characteristics necessary to identify something as a "computer" for the purposes of e.g. arithmetic coding. I could perform arithmetic coding with nothing but a pen and an extremely large amount of paper. >I find it's always useful, when determining the legitimacy of a given political tactic, to assume that it's being used by someone we hate rather than someone we like. So let's suppose the Westboro Baptist Church gets up one morning and decides to target businesses owned by gays. If they do this via sit-in, then they can probably only target one business at a time, and they have to sit around all day getting jeered at. But if they do it via DDoS, they can take down businesses at their leisure. >These are both illegal and illegitimate forms of political protest, but the DDoS is potentially much worse than the sit-in. I believe you overestimate the power of DDoS. Lest you forget: well over 1000 people were involved in the attacks. This is just the 1000 most notorious. If the Westboro Baptist Church had thousands of adherents, they could indeed take down many businesses via sit-ins. However, they only have a few. It takes a lot of people to voluntarily DDoS a large website. Perhaps several thousand. This is enough to shut down a whole lot of restaurants. > A patent wouldn't be just the algorithm, but also a writing device and paper. Well, yes, and if the patent says "a writing device and paper" it might be valid, because paper is a specific construct, and the patent obviously does not cover such things as e.g. a piece of cloth. Why do you use bzip2 and not bzip? Well, because arithmetic coding is covered by a supposedly valid patent. However, bzip can be executed by hand, or on any multitude of devices satisfying the requirements for Turing-completeness. The idea that a patent should preclude the writing of bzip, a purely mathematical construct, is absurd. bzip runs on an abstract device. You could, for instance, specify a specific processor in the patent, but this is not done. You could not, however, specify a processor architecture, because this is also a mathematical construct, which can be carried out on paper. Let me give you an example: My uncle knows that a cell phone is a computer. How? Well, I told him, and I'm a researcher. How do I know? Well, originally, some professor told me, and he's a professor. How does he know? Well, he or his colleague studied the literature indicating that an ARM processor is Turing-complete... which, at the end of the day, is a totally mathematical consideration, independent of the physical world except perhaps the brains which analyze it. >But you can patent a device that uses it and renders the output to a computer screen. No, because each independent part of this is some prior art. The representation of data on silicon is long since public domain, the display of silicon data on a screen is long since public domain, the x86 architecture and the GPU architecture are mathematical, and the algorithm itself is mathematical, and the combination of these is not itself novel or interesting: it is not even performed except by the end user, who must merely double-click a game icon and shuffle some bits around with a mouse. >Actually I don't think its technically "Turing Complete". it doesn't have unbounded tape. In fact any given ARM processor will have a fixed addressable limit. I can certainly compute a class of things in theory that the ARM processor can't compute. There are real HW considerations that you need make when you deal with an actual physical processor that don't exist in the theoretical model. Obviously -- it is a finite state machine, but this doesn't mean any less that it is a theoretical model. >But this is similar to a patent on a new wing design. You can say it is simply a mathematical model of airflow and such. But the pudding is the creation, not the mathematical model of the wing. No -- the wing is a physical object. I can hold a wing in my hand. Conversely, a patent on a wing design does not mean that I cannot use that wing design in a computer simulation of an airfoil. But a patent on bzip does mean, supposedly, that I cannot run bzip on a virtual machine. In other words, the wing design is the point, here: you could patent a specific device for running bzip, but you cannot patent bzip on all computing devices. Which, I suppose, might help to explain my point. Maybe not. Google is so generic that there might not be as many links to Google -- y'know, 'cuz why do you need to link to Google -- as to several of these other engines. It's not totally impossible that some other engines would have a higher ranking organically. Really? I don't see people getting fat off of orange juice . Coca-Cola, beer, Gatorade, "sweet tea" with enough sugar in it to be poured on pancakes... these all seem like much more egregious offenders. At the same time, moose and reindeer are not cattle, and they are cold-weather animals, which means they have a lot of extra body fat. Extrapolating conclusions about moose and reindeer to cattle is not necessarily correct and there are reasons to believe it isn't. It's not just about calories but overall nutritional value. The orange juice contains significantly more vitamins than the soda -- hell, the site you linked rates orange juice as healthier than soda, which should be telling. California is not considered part of the South. It has a different heritage, history, demographic, income distribution, and in fact California's southern border is pretty close in terms of latitude to Louisiana's northern border, while its northerly border is similar to Pennsylvania's northern border. >Former Confederate states vs. everyone else? Probably. >Cattle have been bred under ten thousand years of domestication to have fattier meat, whereas undomesticated sources of red meat are much leaner. I can see that applying to deer, elk, rabbit, etc -- but moose? Furthermore, there's a considerable market for lean beef especially in the modern era, and I know that pigs have rather recently been selected for leanness. My current knowledge of the health effects of red meat as a whole is that the data are conflicting: http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Meat#Health The fact that Finland's diet was confounded with lots of butter and other fatty things makes the whole thing rather unconvincing as a data point saying that red meat is any more unhealthy than ordinary nutrition labeling (x grams of fat, y grams of carb, z grams of protein) would lead you to believe. I can buy a pound of 90/10 beef at the store with 12 grams of fat, ~3 grams of carbohydrate, and 23 grams of protein "per serving", which really doesn't sound terribly unhealthy next to e.g. a bag of potato chips. >not all tracking is evil. Tracking isn't evil. Tracking people who specifically do not want to be tracked is evil. That comes to about $74/hour; he's rich for working 100-hour weeks. I don't know what good the money is if you don't ever take the time to spend it, though. You can specifically disallow such people from viewing your website, without being evil. It's controversial because people get into arguments about it. He included it in the list because it's also trivial and silly, as a way of saying that Wikipedians get into arguments about trivial and silly things ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/WP:LAME ). It's a joke of sorts. >My beef with Wikipedia is the squeaky wheel gets the grease problem: a vocal minority easily drowns out the more rational but less rabid. For example: why does the article on pregnancy need a naked woman on it? The talk page dismisses all arguments of "why is this necessary, what's wrong with this other photo of a clothed pregnant woman" with "we don't censor". The irony is palpable. Upon reading this, I went to the Wikipedia article on Pregnancy and looked at the talk page. I found a lot of surprisingly decent and rational discussion about the choice of the image, including some gems: "There is no profanity in any of the later 3 images. These images depict the natural condition of pregnancy (external manifestation, physical changes, etc), to which image 1 alone would not be able to do justice." "Someone recently used the phrase "adolescent glee" to describe the attitudes of some editors who argue for the most prominent possible placement of nudity, and that resonates with me. Just because we can (and IMO should) include this image somewhere in the article does not mean that we should make it be the first and largest image—or that we should have zero images of pregnant women who aren't in a state of undress. If you want to present pregnancy as a part of normal life, then showing exclusively images of women who are undressed isn't the way to go about it." Regardless of whom you agree with, both sides are putting forth legitimate arguments. Your intentional misrepresentation of the discussion raises questions about your motives. The argument, then, is that our ability to produce will outstrip our desire to consume, and so a fraction of people will be able to produce enough things for everyone to consume, which will lead to the rest not having jobs. The problem with the argument is that it does not really appear to me that our ability to produce has outstripped our desire to consume. The buying of things is currently rather high, and product shortages are not entirely uncommon. Rather, people cannot get paid a first-world living wage to produce the things we desire to consume, or they do not have the skills required to produce those things, etc. Somewhat related: are most other countries currently suffering high unemployment, or just America? If the answer is 'no', that seems to contradict the thesis of the article. You could probably get a few more bits of entropy kind of easily if you use words from other languages. This doesn't help the monolingual among us but it's great for me. >Yes, though the number of additional bits you get from increasing the size of the dictionary decreases fast. Well, sure -- but once you're at around two or three languages, you get to imagine that the attacker doesn't know what languages you're using. If I use English, Japanese, and Spanish, I can figure on the attacker needing to check the Germanic (English, Dutch, German), Romance (Spanish, French, Italian), and Asian (Japanese, Chinese, Korean) languages at a minimum. Jargon helps too, and proper names. "dijkstra bicycle entonces boojum daihinmin" In the terminology of Paul Erdos, people who had stopped doing math had died. People whose blood had stopped flowing had simply left. >I can't help but wonder if minimalistic people go around feeling smug and superior all the time. Selection bias rears its ugly head again -- you never read blog posts by minimalists who don't write blog posts about their lives. >Is the birth rate of China and India combined more than that of the rest of the world? No, partially due to the one-child policy. I think this was a patently awful idea, and I think that a close reading of the article supports this. Consider the situation: A person with some underlying psychiatric disorder decides to steal a car. They are arrested, trialled, and ordered to receive counseling at a mental health institution. As a result of the counseling, they are able to cope with their disability and become a more successful member of society. Does this mean that stealing a car is a good idea? No! The kids were not successful because they were forced to learn Russian. They were successful because they entered an innovative and expensive (USD 10000!) private school which made special exceptions and put in extra effort to bring the kids up to speed. This sort of extra effort is not the sort of treatment one should come to expect and rely on. It is what humans do in order to take care of others who have made grave errors; it is an outgrowth of compassion for the foolish. The bit about a teacher running a class in English should really drive this point home. I am happy to hear that the kids were able to succeed. However, the author is a chode. >Gasoline consumption does, in fact, increase non-linearly with speed at highway speeds. Police departments do have to pay their officers salaries. Neither of these constitute even a slight approach to a justification for lowering the speed limit to give people more tickets. If someone wants to spend their money on gasoline, that's their prerogative. I'm in grad school going for a PhD in physics. I was a programmer. I hated it. I make less than half what I used to. It's awesome. That said, if I can't pull this off for some reason, I'll probably move out to the Valley and roll the dice. Up until the '50s, there were mostly single winners; now, there hasn't been a single winner since 1992. reason has been posting articles about this for a while. http://reason.com/blog/2011/07/18/lemonade-stand-crackdown-c... http://reason.com/blog/2011/10/10/free-the-lemonade-three http://reason.com/blog/2011/08/24/concord-cop-threatens-came... http://reason.com/blog/2011/08/17/saturday-is-lemonade-freed... http://reason.com/blog/2005/08/03/when-lemonade-is-illegal http://reason.com/blog/2009/08/06/lemonade-is-not-a-crime http://reason.com/blog/2011/07/01/reasontv-the-war-on-lemona... But hey, I personally enjoy the smell of sand, so I wouldn't blame you for keeping your head there as long as you like... Uh, what? Top story, top link. >Police in Georgia have shut down a lemonade stand run by three girls trying to save up for a trip to a water park, saying they didn't have a business license or the required permits. >Midway Police Chief Kelly Morningstar says police also didn't know how the lemonade was made, who made it or what was in it. [...] >The girls needed a business license, peddler's permit and food permit to operate, even on residential property. The permits cost $50 a day or $180 per year. [...] >The girls are now doing chores and yard work to make money. That was nothing like you described. I don't think the terrorists won, but it's hard to deny that the American people lost. I had an account on whitehouse.gov the last time they did this petition thing and now I can't log in. Not that it won't let me, but if I hit "sign in" there's no fields in which to enter a username and password. Like there's no sign in option there at all . What the fuck? Historically, in the USA, it was. The McCarthy years were like this. Today, it isn't, but that isn't really the point of the analogy. They seem to have succeeded here, though by some excellent luck. >You get the chicken pox once. False. http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Shingles >What do you say the relative of someone who had a vaccine and immediately became crippled and couldn't walk because the reaction damaged their inner-ear? The same thing you say to the person who got struck by lightning five times. On a societal level, you work with the 99.99999%. >The immune system is an organ like the muscles, brain and heart. Putting a little stress on these organs is actually good. Just to verify: you took one bio course as a college underclassman and you think that makes you an immunologist. It's called the hygiene hypothesis , not the vaccine hypothesis . Let's take a look: >In medicine, the Hygiene Hypothesis states that a lack of early childhood exposure to infectious agents, symbiotic microorganisms (e.g., gut flora or probiotics) Okay, so if you've had the chicken pox vaccine, your immune system has been exposed to infectious agents -- just inactivated ones! The kind that don't cause shingles. Vaccines do stimulate an immune response, after all. The article you linked contains precisely one reference to vaccination. >Th2 immune disorders such as asthma and other allergic diseases are probably related to the hygiene hypothesis. A baby has many Th2 cells, which stimulate the production of antibodies. When not sufficiently stimulated with early life diseases, the immune system will have too many Th2 cells present, leading to a greater risk of Th2 immune disorder. If a child is exposed to infection diseases then the cell defense will be stimulated via Th1 cells causing a reduction of Th2 cells and subsequently a reduction of antibody stimulation by Th2 and therefore a lower risk of developing an allergic disease such as asthma. Unfortunately, vaccination only uses the Th2 mechanism. Interesting. I wonder if there's some data to back this up? http://journals.lww.com/pidj/Abstract/2002/06000/Childhood_v... >There is no association between diphtheria, tetanus and whole cell pertussis vaccine, oral polio vaccine or measles, mumps and rubella vaccine and the risk of asthma. The weak associations for Hib and hepatitis B vaccines seem to be at least partially accounted for by health care utilization or information bias. This was a study with n > 100000. That's a good study. Apparently vaccines don't cause athsma. On the other hand, there actually appears to be some hope that vaccines can fight athsma: http://www.jimmunol.org/content/166/2/959.short >Vaccination with Allergen-IL-18 Fusion DNA Protects Against, and Reverses Established, Airway Hyperreactivity in a Murine Asthma Model http://www.jimmunol.org/content/167/7/3792.short >Active vaccination against IL-5 reduces key pathological events associated with asthma, such as Th2 cytokine production, airways inflammation, and hyperresponsiveness, and thus represents a novel therapeutic approach for the treatment of asthma and other allergic conditions. "The miracle of modern medicine." Well, aside from being completely false... http://www.cdc.gov/hiv/topics/surveillance/basic.htm >What about the increase in corruption in Mexico? An increase in corruption means more criminals can have drug businesses without being stopped by the cops. The article isn't about why prices went down, it's about why violence went down. If corruption leads to lower prices and less violence, corruption is a good thing. For the record, there are a lot of experimental battery technologies out there: http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Lithium-ion_battery#Variations_... http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Lithium-sulfur_battery http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Nanowire_battery Just... one of these will probably catch on, yes, and that's awesome, but we've come up with so many different ideas that at this point, demonstrating a high-capacity lithium battery prototype is the Aristocrats joke of battery science. Lithium-sulfur is an older, more well-studied technique, and it only promises a 4x increase. There are still quite a few kinks to be worked out but I think it has the best potential of the bunch for the near future. For a more apt analogy, the human immune system is like an old piece of critical software that society depends on, and H5N1 represents a piece of shellcode that exploits a serious flaw in the system which is currently a 0day. It allows an attacker to remotely disable a large number of machines, err, people. There is currently no patch -- vaccine -- available to fix the hole. The relevant buzzword is full disclosure. Even I'm not sure if you can take that so far, but I'm pretty sure that if this is released, nobody ever gets to complain about someone publishing an exploit for their personal project, because that's nothing in comparison. The abstract demon head at the top of the page? http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/PPP_per_capita When comparing income by country, you need to take into account cost of living, yes. This index I've linked does that; Australia is at parity with the richer countries in Europe, but behind the US, Switzerland and Norway. It's hosted in Florida. Sure, it could theoretically move -- but that would be even more disruptive than blanking the site for a month. SOPA doesn't really care about that, though. http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/SOPA#Bill_targets_more_than_inf... Wikipedia links to The Pirate Bay. Furthermore, it would be absurd for Wikipedia not to link to The Pirate Bay. >And I'd argue stripping DRM (no matter how easy it is) is, is in fact harder than not bothering. But it's never, ever, necessary, not when gazillions of scene groups strip DRM from a work and upload it as soon as it hits the market, if not before; sometimes they just get hold of the studio version. It might make some obscure video games harder to pirate, since it's much harder to strip DRM from code than from data, but video? No way. DRM makes it harder for me to put legitimate content on a device I own, but it makes it no harder to pirate that same content. >That's hardly a "factual error". I can email an mp3 to my friend and have them play it. I can't do the same with a DRM'd song. Is that not harder? Instead I have to make extra efforts to strip the DRM or find a non-DRM'd version elsewhere. For non-technical users, it might actually be "hard" to pirate DRM'd content. If by piracy you mean the kind of content sharing that everyone has been participating in since the 1970s, then sure. But if by piracy you mean torrenting a hundred albums, then absolutely not. The only kind of 'piracy' DRM hurts is the kind everyone likes and nobody wants to ban. I suppose Ramanujan doesn't seem important to the layperson, because his major contributions were both very advanced and difficult to explain -- compare Gödel's second incompleteness theorem, that no axiomatic system representing Robinson arithmetic can prove its own consistency: that one is much simpler than a result dealing with mock theta functions -- and they were also in pure mathematics rather than applied mathematics, and the main application of Ramanujan's work has been in some areas of quantum mechanics and string theory, which are themselves a bit beyond a layperson. The partition function does pop up in computing from time to time, though. I've heard of a division of mathematicians into so-called "theory-builders" and "problem-solvers" -- Ramanujan and Hilbert are firmly in the first class, while Erdös, Wiles and Gödel fall into the second. Ramanujan was transformative because he changed the questions that were asked, as well as answering them. If you look at pure mathematics, most in the field will agree that Ramanujan was a -- if not the -- preeminent mathematician of the 20th century. In applied mathematics, that title probably goes to John von Neumann. >No two democracies have gone to war, ever, India and Pakistan? Well, he wouldn't ever publicly say he's vetoing it to protect Tor -- that would be political suicide, due to all of the CP thereon -- but he might still veto it for that reason, and claim another, cf. Iraq War. Let's be honest here. Has any "Secured by X company" certification ever actually meant a damn thing? I swear I hear reports about sites like this getting broken into every week. Those banners are basically the equivalent of painting a target on your back. I believe the proper Latin phrase, to evoke appropriate pretension and bravado, would be prima facie . Why preserve the seven-day week? The appropriate factorization of 365 is 73*5. http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Discordian_calendar Plus, the Discordian calendar has the advantage of already being implemented in Linux! $300 convenience fee. I'm only half-joking. If you look at the comments, you'll find people who were referred to buy this product from Apple's customer service representatives. These people probably know diddly about RAM, and they're ultimately paying for the recommendation moreso than the product. Apple isn't everyone's favorite company, but their customer service is top-notch, and this is no exception. That's not to say it is a totally fair price, but that's why they can price it like they do. >he's a states rights guy because he wants the power to do things like ban abortion in Texas. No, he's a states rights guy because he's a states rights guy, and he holds to that position even when states pass laws he disagrees with. Look, the two most decentralized first-world countries that I can think of are Canada and Switzerland. These are not draconian racist hellholes; they're considered some of the freest countries in the world. This is a guy who thinks abortion is the most evil thing in the world and still opposes federal laws banning abortion because he thinks it's a state issue. I disagree with him about abortion, but the fact remains: he's not some scheming ne'er-do-well who wants to bring back Jim Crow laws, he's a consistent, ideological antifederalist who thinks decentralization is the way to go. In the majority of recent, real-world instances, local laws have tended to be more liberal than federal laws. We've seen this with gay marriage, we've seen it with medical marijuana, and we've seen it with election reform (see also Calif. Prop. 14); we may very well soon see it with recreational marijuana. >But the South was. Yeah, was . Past-tense. The federal government has a wonderful history too in this regard. http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Trail_of_Tears >Canada and Switzerland are simply much less diverse Switzerland has four official languages . It's also right next to Germany, which has a history of racism that would scare a Mississippian. Canada, too, has plenty of diversity; 16.2% of people belong to a visible minority: http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Demographics_of_Canada#Visible_... >The first rule of tautology club is the first rule of tautology club. It's not a tautology. I was saying that his anti-federalism is de novo , i.e., without ulterior motives, which has been supported by every single thing he has ever said. >He's a states rights guy because he's a Christian fundamentalist who wants the power to enforce his provincial values on others, and the federal government gets in the way of that. There is absolutely no evidence whatsoever to support this belief and I've provided substantial evidence against it in the above post. Let's take a look at what modern-day Mississippi residents actually have to say: http://mississippibelieveit.com/home/ >The “good ole boy” network alive and well in Mississippi? Not hardly. Our new “network” consists of more black elected officials than any other state in the country – a number that grew from a mere 81 in 1970 to 897 in 2000. Mississippi is as racist today as Russia is Communist. Give me a break. Wouldn't you then also be in the wrong country? How could every single state oppose you and the federal government agree? Every state gerrymanders. Mississippi is hardly alone on this. >In the state of Ohio, a conversation between Republican officials was recorded that demonstrated that redistricting was being done to aid their political candidates. Furthermore, the discussions assessed race of voters as a factor in redistricting, because African-Americans had backed Democratic candidates. Republicans apparently removed approximately 13,000 African American voters from the district of Jim Raussen, a Republican candidate for the House of Representatives, in an attempt to tip the scales in what was once a competitive district for Democratic candidates. http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Gerrymandering#United_States That's coming at you from blue-collar freezing-cold northern Ohio. Furthermore, "right after" the Civil Rights act was passed? It was passed a full 47 years ago. see also: http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Melatonin#Obesity >but caloric deficit is the only known method of causing humans to lose weight. Obviously false. See also polio, chemotherapy, etc. Taubes may be a fool, but that doesn't mean that $dissenting_statement is valid. There's only one thing I don't get, and I must really not get it because nobody else has mentioned it at all, on either side. The context of "recent marriage" seems like exactly the appropriate time to bring up someone's physical attractiveness. That's in some sense the whole goddamn point of sexiness in the first place! It's like he said she was funny before mentioning that she won a comedy award. I mean, I am certainly not implying that attractiveness is central to marriage, which it obviously isn't, nor can a successful long-term relationship depend primarily on physical attraction. It is relevant, though, and that'll never change. Lithium can be recovered from seawater: http://www.sciencedirect.com/science/article/pii/0304386X879... http://scholar.google.com/scholar?hl=en&q=lithium+seawat... http://gas2.org/2008/10/13/lithium-counterpoint-no-shortage-... While a lithium trading cartel can and will exist as long as prices for mining are lower than prices for extraction, the chance of a war over lithium are practically negligible. The price of lithium from the ocean is only five times the cost from mining, and the cost of lithium represents a small fraction ( >And that brings us to yet another issue: the fact that lithium ion batteries, despite the name, just really don’t use that much lithium. About 1.4 kilograms of lithium carbonate are needed per kilowatt hour of lithium-ion batteries. A kilowatt hour of bulk lithium ion batteries costs $300 to $500. Hence, lithium carbonate costs only make up 1/30th to 1/50th the cost of the cells! The price could increase tenfold and you’d barely notice the difference. Source: Gas 2.0 ( http://s.tt/12zDD ) The one thing where Flash is still apparently unavoidable is something like tinychat.com (or chatroulette) which does web-based videoconferencing. The last time I checked, it isn't possible to replicate that without Flash. I think the short of it is that if you need LSD to make you see that there's something wrong with the system, you're probably not out of grade school. LSD was used to treat criminals and reduced recidivism -- what does that say? It certainly isn't going to turn us all into Weather Underground types. I have a bit of tripping experience. I'll try to explain something. The things you see and think and feel on acid are often highly personal, possibly embarrassing (vouch), and difficult to express. There is an aphorism, which, like so many aphorisms, is uselessly true : "enjoy the little things". It's hard to take this advice if you've forgotten what the "little things" are , never mind appreciating them; if you try to take this advice, you might just emulate some clichés you saw in a movie or a show and bore yourself. This is what it's like to roll a joint on mushrooms: http://www.reddit.com/r/Drugs/comments/qnf5g/from_now_on_ill... One of my friends, who has tripped many times, when I was describing a novel psychedelic to him, asked: "Does it do that thing, where you're like ..." snaps fingers slowly several times And... yeah. That thing . You forget yourself, you notice yourself. It is totally exquisite. Psychedelic introspection draws on this. It is an utterly human phenomenon that one thinks of their beliefs and ideas as part of them , when they are nothing of the sort (cf. Five Aggregates). It becomes much easier to realize you have a drinking problem when you have first realize that you lose nothing by realizing that you have a drinking problem. Perhaps you have done something wrong: it does you no harm to accept this. Perhaps you have aligned yourself with bad company: seeing them for who they are makes them no worse than they were before . Perhaps you have been wasting time: you waste no more time if you start working . Ryokan, a Zen master, lived the simplest kind of life in a little hut at the foot of a mountain. One evening a thief visited the hut only to discover there was nothing in it to steal. Ryokan returned and caught him. "You may have come a long way to visit me," he told the prowler, "and you should not return empty-handed. Please take my clothes as a gift." The thief was bewildered. He took the clothes and slunk away. Ryokan sat naked, watching the moon. "Poor fellow, " he mused, "I wish I could give him this beautiful moon." It is a common lament of the e-lucy-diated: so many of the world's problems would be resolved if those people could see this beautiful moon . But who should take acid? What would it do? And how could the world possibly benefit? http://www.nytimes.com/2012/02/26/opinion/sunday/why-do-inno... Consider the case of the police interrogator who tortures a false confession out of an innocent sixteen-year-old and destroys a life. How does one survive an encounter with a mirror after such an abhorrent act? A person will recoil in abject horror at even the possibility of admitting to have done such a thing. The belief that you have done it becomes a demon, and it is as though it attacks your mind, and so your mind runs and hides. In a state of constant renewal -- which is the only true state of the mind -- a memory can be seen for what it is , and one can react honestly, appropriately, and ethically, with true humility. But when people are denying reality, they are helpless to change it. And perhaps the moon can remind a person that theft is not a very good life-track to follow. I do not mean to present LSD as the solution to the world's problems. I mean to present LSD as LSD. From my perspective, I feel as though I have barely scratched the surface, and already I am caught up in dramatic overexpression and gratuitous use of italics . I had hoped to write a good post. That did not happen. Oh well. It's four in the morning. It's a story , you silly fools. It's called fiction. It's pretty good, though I feel like a lot of the length was kind of redundant; it would have been better shorter. Or, as George Carlin put it: >I’ve also grown weary of reading about clouds in a book. Doesn’t this piss you off? You’re reading a nice story, and suddenly the writer has to stop and describe the clouds. Who cares?.......I’m not interested. Skip the clouds and get to the fucking. The only story I know of where clouds are important was Noah’s Ark! Mine was the third comment on the story; the other two comments at the time both seemed to be reacting as though it were real. Obviously nobody who posted after me is going to assume it's real... >Did anyone else find this to be skeevy/pervy typical male nerd fantasy bullshit? To some degree, yeah, but I think your self-loathing is showing. I am a graduate student, first-year, so I have a lot of problem sets to work on. I've been thinking about tau every so often since the last time this was posted here, and so every time I work a problem, I think to myself: would this be clearer if I used tau? And the answer is usually "no". Sometimes 2 is next to pi because of the natural reason appealed to in the tauifesto, and other times it's there for some other reason, other times it isn't there at all; there's usually a huge constant factor out front anyway, and often a single equation goes across the whole sheet of paper, so even making it one character shorter doesn't accomplish much. Not that I haven't learned notation that really helps. Gaussian units and Einstein notation are a godsend . If you could standardize introductory physics courses using these, I think it could help significantly, especially when people struggle to work out the curl of a cross product or some-such strenuous vector calculation. All hail the Levi-Civita tensor! But we haven't even been able to agree on this. Furthermore, as a test grader of nearly-a-year, the work done by undergraduates is nigh-inscrutable in the maximally acceptable way already , and so the tau "rebellion" promoted here would just make my job harder. It's not too much of an issue: only the technically-inclined, who already do pretty clear work, are likely to use it; still, telling people "just start doing your work like this , let them figure it out!" means that I have to know if that scribble is a tau or a T or what-have-you, two hundred times. Pi is a very recognizable character. Plus, tau is the letter I reach for whenever I need to introduce an adjusted time of some sort, such as proper time; it's also the natural temperature in stat mech (though thermodynamic beta is itself more natural and usually better), it's torque, it's a common time constant, &c. People generally avoid pi as a character which does not represent 3.14159, though it is the prime counting function and an adjusted momentum, in which case it usually has a half-arrow, so you can tell what it's doing. We don't avoid tau at all; it's everywhere. So the tau-switch, as notational improvements go -- and math has had many over the years -- seems like a relatively large-pain, small-gain deal. Many things must change, since pi is all over the place, but few are greatly improved. So I don't see much reason to use tau in my work, or for my students to use it in theirs. If it works for you, though, good! See also: h and ħ in physics. For me, Einstein notation had the major advantage in electrostatics of reeling in the complexity of really long integrals that show up in boundary-value problems in electrostatics as well as being able to rederive formulas like "curl of curl is div-grad minus laplacian" by hand in seconds (which I always forget -- I took Calc ). I had only a relatively cursory introduction to general relativity last semester; I have at best a vague understanding of Christoffel symbols, to give you an idea. So if Einstein notation can at some level become a way to fling symbols around and forget you're doing physics, I guess I haven't gotten there yet. I would like to think, though, that were it introduced alongside vector calculus instead of several years later, people might connect the adscripts with their meaning more easily. Usually, if I want to understand the geometry of a problem, though, I find the best tool is a diagram, if at all possible. It probably just means prostate cancer represents a tiny portion of mortality, so even a significant difference appears tiny and within the bounds of error. Remember, the finding is not "no difference" but "failed to find a difference". Statistics does not ever prove "no difference". View Source works just fine in Opera! I imagine introvert/extrovert is simply an inadequate description -- for the ways people want to use it -- of the ways people prefer to interact; after reading a number of blog posts like this I'm increasingly convinced that the reality is far more nuanced. There are more categories of social interaction than "large group" / "small group" / "not at all"; you can talk about very complex things, very simple things, personal things, impersonal things, societal politics, clique politics, and so forth; people generally have differing preferences with regard to different things. The introvert/extrovert distinction was never meant to be a complete description of someone's social preferences, but just a general way to classify all of the crazy people that psychiatrists encountered back in the early 20th century. MBTI tests can be suprisingly apt, but they aren't going to tell you everything there is to know about yourself. >could it be, the west needs to suffer economically for developing parts of the world to prosper? Very, very unlikely. The most relevant example of a modern fall from economic grace is the descent of Argentina, from the seventh-richest country in the world in 1900 to somewhere around 50th today. However, if anything, this had a large negative effect on the economy of South America (which stagnated as Argentina fell), and the modern economic rise of Chile and Brazil seems to be helping the countries surrounding them, or, in essence, prosperity is contagious, rather than conserved. >Why is Schneier presumed to be the most effective critic of the TSA? It has less to do with whether he's the most effective critic of the TSA and more to do with whether he's the most effective critic of the TSA who is [was] going to be present at the hearing . All the qualified scientists and concerned LEOs in the world aren't going to do us any good if Congress doesn't listen to them. The hearing is already heavy on shills and light on saints, we need all of the voices we can get. It would be cool if you (or anyone) could list a few people who might be really convincing, and we might be able to get them to contact Congress -- it's too late for this hearing, tho'. With that said, this narrative about the TSA getting Schneier removed from the hearing is helpful to the cause, since it exposes the TSA's nasty manipulative tactics, so I'll be sharing this link around, and I hope you'll join me. Start kids on an empty Fluxbox, let them learn to add all the bells and whistles they can. Eye candy can motivate creativity pretty well, and Fluxbox can get pretty cool with the right addons. Some of the menu-making is almost like coding; it's almost an introduction to formal languages. Actually, Openbox might be the thing these days. I'm not sure. Definitely not LXDE -- that's preconfigured. It is better, but I am still disappointed. What the author did was clever and interesting, and the reaction of this highest-ranked thread has been to steal the discussion from, say, the general application of a female hacker's idea and instead to focus on the psychological contusions of a group of guys we don't know, scarcely care about, and will probably never meet. And yet we are not even talking about how to convince them not to react like this: we have all established that their reaction is problematic, would someone mind suggesting a way to change it? At least the problem is no longer sexism but laziness: changing people is hard, complaining about them is easy. Back to work! Jeez. A quote from none other than libertarian idol Ludwig van Mises comes to mind: "If a man has been hurt by being run over by an automobile, it is no remedy to let the car go back over him in the opposition direction." But the real motivation for the rapid privatisation was not economic growth or stability. Indeed, the article states this: "Its aim was to guarantee a swift transition to capitalism, before Soviet sympathisers could seize back the reins of power." In other words, the goal of rapid privatization was to prevent, at any cost, the return of Communism. Was that a good idea, from an economic point of view? Probably not. But an ideology that, several times, nearly plunged the world into a nuclear war, and was responsible for the deaths of over a hundred million people, between the gulags, famines, and the Great Leap Forward, might have generated a bit of fear among the Western countries, who wanted to get rid of Communism as quickly as possible. Similarly, emancipating the slaves destroyed the economy of the South for two decades -- but it was worth it. Why should bigness connote worth? Alternative hypothesis: they knew of the impending valuation, and were waiting for a valuation, so they could easily make a convincing offer without overshooting and wasting money. It's possible Facebook wanted Instagram before the valuation but thought they would end up with a lower price after the valuation, if only due to the caution required in the former case. And giving any indication that they were ready to buy Instagram would have ruined the plan. With that said, my idea is no better than the article's, and possibly worse in several aspects... Binge drinking is an unhealthy pattern of behavior. It causes damage to those who partake. http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Binge_drinking#Cause "I forget my problems (41%)" 41% only tracks the number of people who admit this to themselves. If there is a systematic problem of alcohol abuse and uncontrolled excess, we have to ask what is so horrible in the life of a programmer that so many of them would prefer to forget themselves entirely? Of course I don't really know if there is a legitimate binge drinking problem, or if people are just loud and drunk. I'm not usually at these conferences. So the only reason it's not a problem is that it doesn't work? "Your Honor, yes, I shot at him, but I missed! " I'm bored, so let's run the numbers: the elapsed time between removal from the App Store and removal from Google Play is 23 days, at a point where it had been simultaneously in the App Store and the Android Market for ~450 days (I don't know the exact number), which gives us P = 23 / 450 = 0.05 -- where the null hypothesis is that removal happens at random -- for this within 23 days of each other, and that's on the edge of statistical significance (you usually set alpha = 0.05). So maybe something weird happened. As a theoretical physics grad student, I have deep knowledge of math and algorithms and things of this nature (but mostly as related to physics), and I've worked in the world of corporate engineering and programming, and from what I've seen -- having a lot of deep knowledge is not really the norm and it's not really the expectation. Usually, if something difficult or complicated is required, you paper over it with Mathematica or Maple or you use one of the algorithm libraries released by e.g. LLNL or you use ANSYS, things like this that do most of the heavy lifting automatically. Even in experimental physics -- people who have doctorates and loads of experience and such -- you don't typically run across anyone writing that sort of thing from scratch because the majority of problems fall into some categories which can be attacked by a lot of the fancy tools out there these days, and so training to do this stuff doesn't require the intuition and abstract knowledge that might go into understanding the algorithms behind the curtain. To some degree, this drove me away from having an ordinary career that actually pays a living wage and towards academia. The other thing is that you can learn to use the libraries in two weeks or less and it's pretty easy to declare "I have some experience with *" if you've tried it out on your own and can do something with it. And as much as I would like to see a world where people take the time to learn theory, people are lazy, and that sort of thing isn't always viable (See also Sikha Dalmia's Gandhi Rule: http://www.thedaily.com/page/2012/04/19/041912-opinions-colu... - if you don't learn it, don't expect anyone else to). The consequence is that the computer is often smarter than the people using it. Somehow, I don't really see this resulting in job losses, though, unlike many people claim. The variability and the amount of problems to solve usually mean that there is someone doing some design work, even if it is not on a very serious technical level. It also opens up new possibilities for startups, and I'm sure Stephen Wolfram would talk your head off about it... As regards "cowboy nonsense": you don't always have to attach negative behaviors to ordinary things. Getting exercise and having a social life can be good for everyone, not just douchebags. If I may try to clarify what you're saying. There is a term in psychology called the locus of control . http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Locus_of_control People who consider themselves responsible for their situation are said to have an internal locus of control. People who do not consider themselves responsible for their situation are said to have an external locus of control. It is important to note that internality and externality represent two ends of a continuum, not an either/or typology. We notice, for example: http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Locus_of_control#Applications "In industrial and organizational psychology, it has been found that internals are more likely to take positive action to change their jobs (rather than merely talk about occupational change) than externals." Herein lies the data everyone's crying out for, I think. Selection bias! For the record, I'm pretty sure this doesn't happen at Stanford. It certainly didn't happen at Georgia Tech (I placed out of Python with Java and went right into circuits and assembly. Awesome.) One of the best ? I know that in my case I enjoyed cigarettes more than most food, but I don't regret giving those up. Being healthy improves your quality of life as well as the quantity; I can surf and do parkour and hang-glide and many other fun things which several of my friends simply can't do. And, privately -- since it isn't polite to bother someone about their weight -- I find this rather sad. The harassment incidents to me honestly don't seem to be the most relevant part of the lawsuit. HR ignores your complaint, yes it is wrong; people make mistakes occasionally, it isn't a lawsuit situation, it's a "send another complaint" situation (or "contact the director"). HR repeatedly or even systematically ignores complaints and you start to have to do something about it. But the unequal pay, promotions, projects, and participation? That is a rather unequivocal situation. Why is it that nobody notices the selection bias? Linus sends hundreds, if not thousands, of e-mails every week. Does it really surprise anyone that we've been able to find fully four instances in the past six months in which he sounded somewhat angry? Is there anyone here who can claim a pristine post history? This certainly applies to RMS as well. Malthus introduced exponential growth rates, but not equilibria; he assumed a runaway growth would lead to collapse. Logistic functions, which describe equilibrium-finding, were introduced by Pierre Verhulst. http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Pierre_Fran%C3%A7ois_Verhulst John von Neumann and John Nash deserve some credit for founding game theory; in particular the strategies described are minimax strategies, introduced by von Neumann. http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Minimax I've observed rather different things. The people I know who eat the most meat are the Crossfitters around me. They are, in almost all cases, healthy. I have a roommate who drinks fat-free milk and eats lots of salad and pasta, who avoids meat like the plague. He's been struggling with his weight for as long as I've known him. I drink coconut milk -- which contains nothing but fat -- and a meal usually consists of some randomly selected fatty cut of meat and vegetables fried in the drippings. That, or cheap canned fish. I lost weight eating like this. I fit in skinny jeans. I may with luck convince my almost-girlfriend to peg me. :3 But the important thing -- I don't advertise. I am not a walking bulletin of the health benefits of coconut and sardines. How do you really know about the diets of the people around you? I would say there are maybe four or five people around me whose diets I actually know well enough to analyze in any reasonable way. Case A is a twenty-two year old recent Caltech graduate who is obsessed with freerunning and eats nearly-strict paleo. He can do a backflip. No further comments. We grew up together. Case B is my roommate. He follows all the conventional advice to a T -- chicken, fish, whole grain, salad. Lots of "health food" products. Y'know, healthiest potato chips on the shelf. There is bread, there is soybean oil mayonnaise. It... doesn't seem to be working. Case C is another good friend of mine. Eats a lot of processed cheap stuff; he's the sort that'll buy three pounds of animal crackers. When I first met him he was rather obese and said he was try'na learn to eat vegetables. He lost a lot of weight after we introduced him to ecstasy... and he's been eating healthier too. He's sloowly coming around; one of his recent facebook statuses involved making hard-boiled eggs. He looks better and seems happy. Score 281,443 for MDMA. Case D is me. I'm kind of a dick, judging people like this. People who I like. I don't really know any other way to be honest about how I make decisions, though. When I was eleven my parents tried to force me to switch from whole milk to 2%. I responded by walking two miles to the gas station to buy milk. I'm the only kid in my family who never had weight problems growing up. Eyes optional. A: terraforming is slow, but we're trying -- see the Sahara Forest Project B: the Sahara desert is the biggest rain-shadow in the world. It's between the Atlas Mountains in Morrocco on the north, the Cameroon volcano chain in the southeast, and the Red Sea hills to the northeast. To make things worse, the year-round trade winds prevent Atlantic storm systems from going aground in Africa -- instead we get a hurricane season in Florida. The result is a magical place where it never rains: http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/File:MeanMonthlyP.gif I don't have a problem with it being on Hacker News. It's not an inspiring speech by a Texan mayor, it's not about marijuana, and it's not an indictment of something racist from 20 years ago. The article consists of real answers by the real candidates to real questions: a good hacker might find it interesting. My guess is somewhat blander. 1. Anon breaches laptop, finds UDIDs. 2. Anon tells other anons he got the UDIDs from a laptop. 3. Other anons tell more anons it was a government laptop. 4. Release group writes "FBI laptop" in their pastebin. (5. ??? --> 6. Profit!) The heterogeneity and disorder in Anonymous (at least it was like this back in the day) means that the chain from leaker to releaser -- usually passing through several people and IRC channels -- plays out a bit like a game of telephone. This serves to protect the leakers, but it can mess with some of the details. When I used LXDE, it had a long way to go before it could be considered equivalent to Xfce, and I ended up switching back. The ultra-lightweight window managers may be in fashion, but Xfce is mature and polished and easy enough for my mother to use, and I can't say that about Lubuntu. The typical Ubuntu user probably won't miss much on Xubuntu. When they find that mrxvt doesn't let them use Ctrl-C/V to copy and paste, they'll be mystified. Ditto for Openbox's wu wei panel management. So the major factor here is generally proposed to be dietary fiber. People on a high-fiber diet are healthy, and that's really the major separating variable between laboratory diets like the one in this article and real diets that make you fat. Going off the description of dishes in the article, I'd estimate the subjects had a daily fiber consumption of 40-60 grams, most of it soluble. Studies that look at meat consumption generally do not control for fiber, though they usually mention the correlation in many populations between increased meat consumption and less fiber consumption. Of course there are correlations with fiber and CAD and cholesterol. But we already knew that . It's a rather significant confounding factor when anyone uses an extremely high-fiber test diet to argue for the health value of various other characteristics of said diet. This author does it all over the place. Frankly, a mere 12 pound loss over five years may not really be too impressive, depending on where they're starting. I imagine Mark Sisson could post better results than that. Similarly, I imagine the guy who wrote The China Study could post better results than that... most diets will! What they've got statistically significant, but pretty much any diet that cuts out processed foods alone will show statistically significant changes... The sole really impressive thing is the prostate cancer improvements: but there are too many confounding factors to determine what, precisely, is causing the improvements. Maybe there's some anticancer compound in a vegetable emphasized in the diet. Diindolylmethane comes to mind, or beta-caryophyllene. Who cares about a "fully developed" brain, if there is even such a thing? Human beings at any age are largely irresponsible and irrational and most people never move beyond this. Yet I know that the vast majority of 17-year-olds I have encountered do not mail boxes of ashes to Jews, or anything of the sort. That his brain is not totally "developed" absolves nothing. Should a person with an IQ of 100 serve less time than a person with an IQ of 140, because the latter is more "capable of rationality", or whatever other quality you want to ascribe to the mind? At some point, certainly short after the reasonable age of entry into the working world (probably sixteen) people need to be expected to act decently. Sure, I'm in favor of rehabilitation -- punishment is a revenge-instinct and waste of resources -- but we should do ourselves and these people the service of being honest about what they are: criminals. I thought the TSA's argument as described at the end of the article was patently absurd ("ever-evolving threats"). Did they actually get away with saying that? If there is any decency in the world, that wouldn't stand with SCOTUS. So I thought this headline was far-fetched as well when I read it. After all, not only is it a provocative concept, but damnit, I'm acquainted with both Alzheimer's and insulin resistance (as are many HN'ers) and I/we should've heard of a connection before, right? So then I found this paper, which discusses Alzheimer's and insulin, and suggests rosiglitazone as a possible treatment: http://www.ingentaconnect.com/content/adis/cns/2003/00000017... And here's how that worked: http://scholar.google.com/scholar?q=alzheimer%27s+rosiglitaz... And that's pretty amazing, considering it has been my understanding that there are no effective treatments for Alzheimer's. A successful prediction is also the gold standard of scientific evidence. Unfortunately, the floor fell through on rosiglitazone: http://content.karger.com/produktedb/produkte.asp?doi=318845 More circumstantial evidence shows up in the fact that coffee, known to improve insulin sensitivity, is correlated with a reduced risk of Alzheimer's: http://scholar.google.com/scholar?q=alzheimer%27s+coffee&... And the kicker is this paper from 2005... http://iospress.metapress.com/content/qunmpv4q3w77e5vm/ "Impaired insulin and insulin-like growth factor expression and signaling mechanisms in Alzheimer's disease - is this type 3 diabetes?" So now we know where the NYT got its headline. And this may not be as loony as I originally thought. Are they right? Well, we thought we had Alzheimer's figured out about four different times now. First it was choline, then it was amyloid plaques, then it was tau phosphorylation, then it was aluminium toxicity, now it's insulin resistance. This has the potential to be extraordinary, but I'm not holding my breath.