C++ it seems. Hello, author here. As I hint to in this article, explaining or teaching "what a monad is" is fallacious. Given that each monad requires 400–2000 words to teach in its most basic form, explaining the most common monads in a single article would make that article around 15 pages long. That is way out of scope of this article, but perhaps suitable for five other separate articles. I'll have to think about it! Meanwhile, I'm sure you can Google search for Stack Overflow questions on Maybe, Either, List and other monad types to get used to them. You can imagine it a little like walking up to a musician and asking, "Will you please teach me the musical instruments?" The answer you get will be filled with counter-questions: "Do you know any musical instrument? What kind of instrument are you interested in? Can you read sheet music?" (Or, for that matter, try asking an OOP programmer, "Teach me the Gang of Four patterns, please!" It will elicit a similar response, not a 15-page blog post. ;) ) When the type is some sort of container type (Maybe, Either, List, Tuple and so on), the functor interface gives you a function that will change the contents of the container, while preserving the container structure. Example: fmap (*3) (Just 12) === Just 36 When the type is some sort of computation type (IO, Promise, STM, Parser, unwrapped Reader), the functor interface gives you a function that will take a function and compose it with the computation. In other words, the result of the computation will be passed through your specified function before it is finally returned. Example: fmap (+5) (getPromise age) -- promise age is filled with 43 and -- the fmap call will return 48 I'm probably one of those rare programmers who has never had any real experience with OOP. I can tell you that reading about design patterns makes my head spin. I've been able to understand a few design patterns, but that has been because I've had an actual, practical problem in my code and the design pattern could be applied to solve it. Take as an example the following paragraph from Wikipedia: > The essence of the Mediator Pattern is to "define an object that encapsulates how a set of objects interact". It promotes loose coupling by keeping objects from referring to each other explicitly, and it allows their interaction to be varied independently. Client classes can use the mediator to send messages to other clients, and can receive messages from other clients via an event on the mediator class. I have no idea what that means and how and when I apply it in practise. It's just a bunch of abstract mumbo-jumbo, like an explanation of "what a monad is" will be. So I still hold that the abstract description comes after you learn how to use the thing, not before it. Unfortunately no, but that's in the works. Now that several people have requested it, I've bumped it up on my list of priorities. Semigroup is a closer match. Monoid includes an identity element. (All monoids are semigroups, and a lot of semigroups are monoids, but not all of them.) Also might matter that open floor plans make interacting with people convenient, and it's a large part of their job to interact with people. I really only need interaction with people for well under 10% of a normal work day. What makes perfect sense for their kind of works does not make as much sense for my kind of work. About 1: all of your experiences still hold today. A friend of mine started a file hosting business on the side when he was still in elementary school. Much like yours, it quickly became popular in one small community, and then spread out of that. Today, 8 or so years later, he has quit to work full time on it and he works on it... a lot. "Easily scalable" only works to a point, then it quickly becomes expensive unless you create a solution tailored specifically for your problems, at which point you're negating the "easily" part again. Not sure if it's relevant, and unfortunately it's a bit outdated, but have you seen Real World Haskell? Also related is Beginning Haskell – A Project Based Approach. Me too. I normally need around 8–9 hours to function normally throughout the whole day – an hour more if I've been exercising regularly. It's highly impractical sometimes, but I've started to accept that I just need more sleep. I can usually get by with less sleep (7 hours) and function somewhat normally if I go to bed and wake up at the same time every day, but I feel much better if I get a couple of hours more. > Not only do these type systems allow you to annotate things as "doing side effects"; they specifically disallow doing side effects unless you have annotated the thing as such. Just below the "Controlled Side Effects" heading. There are data structures that are a combination of linked and contiguous, such as the classic rope data structure. For persistent collections, a common backing data structure is the hash array mapped trie, which is basically a quickly-navigated tree of arrays. Somewhere in there is the obvious tradeoff you have to make between access time and copying time, with regards to the array length. Well, Erlang is also basically immutable at its core, and seems to do reasonably well. It's definitely not up there with C (that'd be ridiculous) but within its domain I haven't heard many performance complains either. I think that's a healthy way to view mutability. It's an amazing performance optimisation, but like any optimisation, it's not to be performed prematurely... Sure, the [unordered-containers]( https://github.com/tibbe/unordered-containers ) library is based on that IIRC, as is the [hash map in Clojure]( https://github.com/clojure/clojure/blob/master/src/jvm/cloju... ). Introverts usually get less practise at managing social situations because they need more time alone, but that doesn't mean they can't be good at being social. :) They may very well come naturally (they do for me), but they carry a cost that must be repaid later with some alone time (they do for me). I'm not using anywhere near all the neat things provided by rsync.net, and my account is like the smallest one possible, but damn am I happy to have my data there. They're super cool people even when it comes to the smallest customers. Keep up the good work! There are still some of us crazies around who take photos on film and create prints ourselves in a bathroom-turned-darkroom in our homes. Definitely gives more weight to each picture when the turnaround is weeks, and each picture requires hours of physical work. 2) is generally accomplished with marks. Press m followed by a letter to set a mark where you are, go down to wherever you want, and then you can pop back by pressing ` (backtick) followed by the letter you set for the first mark. If you want to go back and forth, you can set two marks. > The whole "file handles" can't escape a certain scope sounds like what python's with statement does. It is incredibly easy to return a file handle out of a with statement. There is nothing in place other than programmer discipline preventing you from doing so, and your program blows up in... interesting ways. > Why fmap has this law The law is the only law of fmap, which is the "structure preserving law". It means that if you apply a function to each element of the structure, you cannot change the shape of the structure. This structure preserving property means you can safely apply any function (even ones you don't know what they do) and you can be safe you're not losing information beyond what the function takes away. > It should possibly be renamed to Container or Mappable to be more in line with what general developers expect. Mappable would be a truthful name. Container is not a good name because far from all Functors are containers. You can map over a lot of things (I/O actions, functions among others) which are not intuitively "containers", unless you revise your intuition of "container" to mean "mappable". :) The good thing about calling it for what it is – Functor – is an argument commonly lifted by Edward Kmett: when you're honest about what you're dealing with, you instantly give people access to 80 years of collective knowledge about the thing. But it does give a strong hint. I personally don't prophesise somethings demise in a shorter timespan into the future than it has existed for. I find that to be a good rule of thumb. High-level programming has been around for 50ish years, so we probably won't get rid of it for at least another 50. > I was saying that it brought no great advances with respect to side effects, Really? I work with a bunch of languages that does not have controlled side effects, and controlled side effects is the single biggest thing I miss from Haskell. The uncontrolled side effects I swear over daily, if not hourly. The fact that the order in which I call functions can – undocumentedly – decide whether my program works or crashes is a ridiculous concept. The fact that if I share the wrong piece of data with another part of the application my program starts behaving erratically from having invalid data is odd. Sharing data should not feel unsafe. Changing the order of method calls should not be a threat. As long as a function gets the data it wants through explicit parameters, it should work. It shouldn't matter at which point in time I call it, because managing time is really difficult. Managing data is easy. The controlled side effects in Haskell give you a way to encode these things to give you guarantees and self-documenting code. It gives you opportunities to deal with these problems in sane ways. Refactoring Haskell code is mostly a matter of symbolic manipulation. A huge chunk of the process doesn't even require me to think about what I'm doing, because I have much more freedom when I don't have to worry about side effects myself. This is good, because I'm bad at thinking and I would like to do it as little as possible. Every single bug that have appeared in my problems have been because I'm bad at thinking. Inofficially, it has been. Technically, it's not quite true. Water has a density of 999.97 kg/m³. Capt. Warren VanderBurgh has held a bunch of lectures, some of which exist on youtube[0], where he keeps stressing this specific issue. Highly interesting stuff, even for someone like me who's basically never been in an airplane. [0]: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=pN41LvuSz10 As long as you start having problems as high as 35,000 feet there are surprisingly many (although vomit-inducing) ways to deal with your problems by pure physics – i.e. as long as you can use some of your control surfaces, you have a reasonable chance of surviving. The most important variables are velocity and lift vector. At 35,000 feet you have room to gain speed, and even just some of your control surfaces let you manipulate your lift vector in "unconventional" ways. When a voice in the cockpit repeats "stall. stall. stall. stall" it should be almost instinct to deal with it (whether that is forward yoke and near-0 g flying or rolling the lift vector to the side). ...unless you haven't had to fly the aircraft manually in a long time, so it's no longer instinct how it reacts to your inputs. > Even if flying is inherently complex in itself, there's almost no traffic and almost no obstacle in air. Different aircraft are by and large keeping to the same standard routes, altitudes and holding patterns, which is why mid-air collisions are a thing. (The reason they keep to standards is to make air traffic control easier.) This was the day when you learned how a huge portion of serious "hacking" is done. Taking advantage of the right older women is a very time efficient way of gaining access to systems you shouldn't have access to. If you want to know more, I can recommend The Art of Deception by Kevin Mitnick. "Hacking" is in everyday parlance not too far from "gaining unauthorised access to a technical system." Social engineering is often a very efficient alternative to rainbow tables, wiretapping, buffer overruns and other technical exploits. Real-world code (which is what most projects consist of) is rarely fully idiomatic and well-written, because it contains fixes to weird edge cases only some users experience, performance optimisations and such. I'm fairly sure there's a way to force GHC to compile "Haskell 98" code, which is the first Haskell standard and has stayed the same for 17 years now. Demos were also rarely recorded with the same precision as the live rendering. > But for anyone who already needs a laptop or a desktop ...which is basically anyone who is a white-collar worker or studying. Defcon in multiplayer is pretty darn good as well. Easily one of the best strategy games out there. > but I am at work :( You do realise that you are talking about the game with a work panic button built in, right? Weiqi is the transliteration we've arrived at now, but there have existed variants in the past. The Korean name Baduk is fairly unambiguous. Another thing to note is that the professionals that can be beaten with 4 handicap are usually pretty late in their career, and do not play as well as they did when they were in their prime. Much less at the level current pros in their prime play. > Then maybe in a few thousand years when we're a full hour out we can think about having a leap hour. If we even care, at that point. We might well have switched time keeping systems several times by then, seen massive improvements in artificial lighting and heating and such. I think that's the general idea of "what's the point of leap seconds". By the time they actually matter, we're not sure they matter anymore. It's not a backward jump – you just let the clock run a bit slower for a minute, or an hour, or whatever. Smearing the second out works for 99% of people/computers, and when it doesn't you probably have much bigger problems keeping your clocks in sync anyway, so you should be able to handle a few leap seconds too. I think the words we're really looking for are "discrete" vs "continuous". Any discrete values will be bounded by some sort of precision limit. I agree; it didn't work well on a half-small browser window. Either make it even smaller and the header goes away automatically, or open the JavaScript console and run jQuery('.site-header__wrapper').hide() No, you'll have to estimate or count manually, as it stands. An "end game now" button sounds like a reasonable fix, though. I agree. The flip side of that is that real programs are written by real humans, who have inherent limitations, that have to be reflected in the programming language somehow. ;) Haskell certainly leans more toward the "cater to the limitations of humans" end rather than the "cater to the limitations of the machine" end, which is already filled by a whole host of languages like C++, Ada, Rust, D and others. Correct. Annotations were added in 3.0 with no encouragement to use them for anything in particular, so they could observe what the community would use them for. They were just put in a dictionary attached to the function, and by inspection you could access them and do whatever the heck you wanted with them. A lot of third-party libraries cropped up that used them to type-check stuff. Type-checking was a popular enough usage for them it's official now, to help gather people under the same libraries and terminology. You can still use the annotations for other things, of course – the dictionary is still attached to the function and can be inspected as before – but if nothing else is specified, we can now assume they are type declarations. The ridiculous level of in-your-face-ness was basically the reason I switched from Windows to Linux a decade ago. I did run OS X a short stint back when it was version 10.5, and it's a shame to hear it's gone downhill since then. Water is a very good neutron regulator for fission reactions and general radiation absorbant. Not sure how it deals with fusion though (given that it contains hydrogen and a nuclear blast can probably rip apart water molecules pretty handily). Nobody really cares whether or not the button actually works, but when you say "it works" that is supposed to be a credible threat. If you think it works, then Kremlin probably thinks it works, and will think twice about nuking you in the first place. It's a deterrent, not a weapon. Yes. Their software analyses connections between people and locations in huge databases of call records, email correspondence, money transfers and so on and so forth. From a high-level point of view, the work they do appears very interesting. They really try to leverage the strengths of the computer in combination with the strengths of the human mind to provide a superior analysis. It's basically what I think will be the most fruitful (near) future of AI – intelligent human-computer interaction, rather than replacing the human wholesale. I applied for a job there for that reason, but due to an unwillingness to relocate I couldn't follow through. > The last part I interpret as something like: “the mainstream idea of shared production”, in other words, communism. This is something I love about Finnish as well. I don't know enough Finnish to say if it's a general pattern, but I've noticed that a comet is a "tail-star", a toad is a "crust-frog", the world is the "land-air" and there's a couple of other examples I've collected over the years. I'd love to learn that language. But you can. People treat the full "personal numbers" as a secret and if you can recite one, nobody will think you're anyone different. It's not meant to be this way, but in my experience it is. > ...this problem requires a scripting language... Cool, we have that in Haskell these days![1] Except, of course, it has all the good high-level stuff of Haskell, which reduces boilerplate and increases correctness. [1]: https://hackage.haskell.org/package/turtle-1.2.3/docs/Turtle... > red means cancel/go back/stop/error. This is something that was learned, not something that was known by instinct. Well...[1][2] There are some precedents for red being a no-go colour even in nature. Which is likely why we use it as a stop colour. It would be interesting if someone knows of a significant number of cultures that use it as a "go ahead" colour. I mean, the samples are probably skewed because everyone has been a colony these days but still. [1]: http://www.noaa.gov/features/resources_0109/images/fire1.jpg [2]: http://museumvictoria.com.au/spidersparlour/images/en000008.... > You could invent a total different implementation for the list monad, for the maybe monad, etc (if you respect the laws). Could you show such a different implementation for either list or maybe? > Haskell is too safe. It forbids you from doing too many things that the computer can do. Computers are to computing science what telescopes are to astronomy, or something. Haskell is a great language for expressing computations, the thing CS is about. It's not meant to flip bits and observe processor states and page faults, if that is your idea of fun. That's more computer engineering stuff. But Haskell is absolutely capable of drawing pretty circles on the screen in just a couple of lines of code![1] [1]: https://hackage.haskell.org/package/gloss-1.9.4.1/docs/Graph... Originally spoken as "Avoid (success at all costs)", i.e. don't sacrifice your principles just to get your 15 seconds on the stage. Now sometimes used as a joke in the alternate meaning. Except controlled side effects are a godsend, even for meat and potatoes. All three are problems with performance on a von Neumann machine. So there are three main reasons why Haskell is not a great language for expressing high-performance computation algorithms. Since CS is a branch of maths, performance isn't that big a deal; the important thing is that the result is computable. The performance may be an interesting property, but so is line count and purity and ease of writing proofs and doing analysis on the code! Speaking more pragmatically, outside of CS study, most of the programs I write do not require me to write high-performance algorithms – they tend to be very I/O bound, and call out to external libraries/services for the data crunching. When I need performance (because of course I do at times), there is an amazing library that lets me write C code in Haskell[1]. The fact that some sections of my program is performance critical doesn't mean I have to write the entire program in C. I can write just the performance critical parts in C. [1]: https://github.com/fpco/inline-c/blob/master/README.md > on the other hand it forces you to think more about whether you actually need to do something ("should this string ever be more than X bytes long? Maybe not, might as well use fixed-size array - but I should not forget to check that length!"), which I think is overall a good thing. While that certainly can't be a bad thing, you just have to keep in mind that it forces you to think about a specific set of details – the ones that matter for the machine ("how many bytes will the binary representation of this username require") – and it may fool you into forgetting to think about higher-level concerns ("Does å compare equally to å?"). How does it prevent such allocation? Can you not just mark the first read from an area to always return 0, and then allocate as soon as it happens? That also has the benefit of not having to zero anything if you're only writing to it. Isn't that just saying that calloc is compatible with lazy allocation? There are even languages without garbage collection that makes a lot of things easier than they are in C. See Ada, Rust, ~~Go~~ D and others. Surely you mean Go? There is one for Python, but it's not official. Whoops, sorry. I meant D rather than Go, but I guess that is also sorta-kinda garbage collected. Both of you make the mistake of confusing formatting with indentation. Indentation is just a tiny part of formatting. There are tools to automatically format Python (but they do obviously require that the indentation is somewhat correct before you run them) and they work fairly well. :) It had way too weak marketing. It was a top quality publication, always interesting and with great design, and it deserved way more readers. I myself only heard of it when one of my articles got featured in it. They were nice enough to give me a free year of the digital subscription and it was one of the highlights every month. This is because it was invented to be possible to use as an interactive shell. When you're working with an interactive shell, you want its language to be (at least somewhat) optimised for writeability, which by necessity means a lack of optimisation for readability. (Explicitness and some level of redundancy aid readability but hurt writeability.) Hard to interpret right... according to some people, there is actually no valid reading of it.[1] [1]: http://www.open-std.org/jtc1/sc22/wg14/www/docs/n1637.pdf The principle the above commenter refers to is known as "Easier to Ask Forgiveness than Permission", i.e. you're not meant to check preconditions – you should just try to do whatever thing you want to do, and it should signal an error if it didn't succeed. The reason for this has little to do with "clean code" and more to do with the fact that when checking preconditions, programmers have a tendency to check proxies rather than the actual thing they want to do. An an example, it is common to see the following: if not file_exists(filepath): stderr("Invalid config filepath!") config = read_file(filepath) ... This code has the glaring problem that even if the file exists , that doesn't mean you have the required permissions to read it. What you really want to do is read the config file, but you check a proxy (does the file exist at all?) as your precondition. How would you check for the right thing, that you can read the config file? Well, by trying to read the config file, of course! try: config = read_file(filepath) except IOError: # can make this more fine-grained stderr("Invalid config filepath!") This is longer code (one extra line, gasp!) but it avoids the problem of checking the wrong precondition which is so easy to do by mistake. You may have heard of this concept in a different situation – e-mail validation. A lot of people go to great lengths to validate e-mail addresses by regex. Even if the address is perfectly conforming and passes the regex with flying colours it might not lead to an inbox. To really verify that the user can receive e-mail at the address they've specified, guess what you have to do? Send an e-mail and ask them to confirm they got it. It's the only way. Though exercising is not valuable because we need it, it's valuable because it keeps you healthy. I'm not sure how much evidence there is that maths keep you healthy. Sure, if you enjoy it, but if you hate it? At least exercise keeps you healthy even if you hate it. Doing things because they might be healthy is a pretty bad reason to do things. See also: alternative medicine. For computer people, 16×18 is easily split into 16×20 - 16×2, which in turn is 320 - 32. If you don't know instinctively that 16×2 is 32 it might be a bit harder though. This is probably where I get bonus nerd points, but even before smartphones, it wasn't a huge hassle to carry a small slide rule. It still isn't. I can imagine that. Me and my mom are of the calculating kind so when I visit over holidays it's not uncommon we sling a bunch of numbers back and forth over the dinner table to figure something out, and after we're done my dad and sister ask how we arrived at the third number from the first two. But in more "normal" social contexts, what tends to happen is one of the people involved sit with a digital calculator and input the things other people ask for. It's a bit slower, but the results are just as good. I am terrible with remembering a bunch of facts, but I'm pretty good at working things out from basic principles. It's funny because many of my friends look at me figuring something out from basic principles and they think it looks like so much work – then they go back to taking a few hours to memorise things they could just as well work out from basic principles! Who's doing the work now? I guess we both are, only I postpone it to when I really need it. So this is where I saw this. I distinctly remember seeing this feature in Perl many years ago, but then when I tried to find it I really, really couldn't, so I assumed it was something I had dreamt up. However ridiculous it sounds, a weight is lifted from my chest. It depends on how you use it! If you use it to acquire the resource, as in with open(fn, 'r'): ... then generally the answer is no, since that is the same thing as the equivalent `try…finally`. If someone removes the file after it's being opened it will not be completely wiped until it's closed. This is even better highlighted by something like the GHC compiler, which compiles Haskell to (ultimately) machine code, because it does this in several steps: 1. As a first step, it "transpiles" Haskell to the very similar high-level intermediate language called Core. I could read and write programs in Core without too much effort because it's still a very high-level language. 2. Then it "transpiles" the Core code to the not significantly lower level STG source code – human readable, but starts dealing in a little lower-level stuff and contains much fewer bells and whistles. I'd prefer not to work in STG, but I totally could if I had to. 3. After this, it again "transpiles" the STG source code to the C-- (C-minus-minus) intermediate language, which is decidedly low-level (slightly lower level than regular C code), but there's still a clear and relatively simple translation between STG and C--. 4. As a final step, it "transpiles" the C-- source code to assembly (a closer match than you may think, coming from C), which can be assembled into machine code. At no point in this pipeline is there a significant magic translation being made – despite the fact that Haskell is probably one of the most high-level languages we know and machine code is as low-level as you get. ...of a user's public activity. Also a useful indicator of whether or not a user is likely to respond to PRs or issues even if the project you're looking at itself is a low-traffic project. I'm currently (finally!) reading 2001 . I was half a page from the end of a chapter when my train was seconds from stopping where I wanted to get off. Thanks to speed reading, I could finish the chapter and put the book down in my bag before leaving the train! "Burns really fast" is literally the definition of a chemical explosion. 1990 means basically "they didn't even have digital cameras". In the context, that is not recent at all. Don't know if you're sarcastic, but a longbow doesn't have layers of wood to glue together. That's the difference between a simple bow and a composite bow. I think this article blows past several important points – perhaps unknowingly. 1. Sure, tic-tac-toe is a fantastic game for someone who needs to learn the "rewards of thinking ahead and taking the opponent’s strategy into account". Game enthusiasts (or indeed anyone above the age of 12) are very unlikely to need this lesson. 1> However, there is an interesting variant of tic-tac-toe[1] so disregarding the game completely isn't fair either. 2. People don't dislike Monopoly because it has dice. Risk has dice, and is incredibly popular. People dislike Monopoly because it is designed to be a game that is not fun to play for all but one player . 2> The game was designed as an anti-capitalist, anti-monopolist lesson.[2] When the rules are set up just right, only one person will be the winner and the other people will spiral into a negative feedback loop and quickly run out of all their money. That's the entire premise of the game: if you have a lot of money you can easily get more. Of course a game which is designed to distress 3/4 people playing in a session is not going to be very highly rated. That said, I do think there is one popular game that gets very little respect from (at least western) game enthusiasts: go[3]! Probably known in these circles as "the game computers can't yet beat top humans in" it's an abstract strategy game for two players (like chess) – with incredibly simple rules. You can learn the rules in a few minutes (literally) but it will take you weeks to even start feeling like you know what you are doing, and years before you're competent. The strategic and tactical depth is vast, much deeper than any other game I've tried. [1]: http://mathwithbaddrawings.com/2013/06/16/ultimate-tic-tac-t... [2]: https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/History_of_the_board_game_Mono... [3]: https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Go_(game) > For monopoly, a big crime is that it takes a long time to lose. You can spend an hour with no chance of winning, kept alive only by random chance. ...and when the first player loses, they have to sit by and idly watch while one player gains a larger and larger advantage, only waiting for the rest to lose. Especially with the modern variants in play in competitive games, such as en passant capture and the like. Many fairly enthusiastic chess players aren't exactly sure what all the rules are. The rules are simple and clear – their consequences are not. The game ends when both players have passed in succession. Each player may pass whenever they want. That's it. It's super clear. Figuring out when you can safely pass? That takes years of study. But essentially it is a strategic decision, not part of the rules. You can pass throughout the entire game, it would just be a really dumb strategy. Regular players make counting points more advanced than it has to be in the interest of speed (similar to how mental maths tricks can be very advanced ways of computing simple sums or products). The score is determined by the number of pieces you can put down on the board. That's it. (From this follows, of course, that empty intersection your opponent has solidly surrounded is probably not going to count toward your score because your opponent can kill whatever you try to play in there.) IIRC it as invented to get the rooks out on the board quicker. Normally, it takes like four moves to properly get them out there (1. move pawn out of the way, 2. move rook ahead, 3. slip rook out through the side, 4. move rook onto the board.) With castling you can greatly reduce this if you've opened up the middle already. x = 3 print(x) x = "hello" print(x) Not possible with static typing and type inference (which is static typing without annotation) but done all the time with dynamic typing. (Though still not a good idea, in my mind, but to each their own.) Erlang is popularly used with an external static type checker, the Dialyzer. I agree. The first question I ask is "What is the data?" and the second, just as important question, I ask is "How is it used?" I may be biased, but seriously? Go is like on the very very super-primitive end of that scale. Only something like C is more primitive. Java has a more powerful type system! (Standard) Haskell isn't even near the most powerful extreme. I'm assuming you're talking about heterogenous collections, which while totally possible with powerful static type systems, I'd consider not to be a great idea. If even I don't know what's in my collections now (if I knew I could model it in the type system – it takes 30 seconds at most), how on Earth is my successor going to know in six months time? Heterogenous collections are a maintenance nightmare. I have only ever seen them used in a way where they should be refactored first thing in the morning. That is not particularly scary though. That's the kind of thing a user will automatically press "next" on. This is the kind of warning that looks scary: http://i.stack.imgur.com/2kaXO.png With HTTPS, multiple different sites will have different "hashes" sent anyway, so no, it's not an improvement over just good ol' HTTPS. You're absolutely right that it takes a bunch of time to set Emacs up initially. I took a week off work for unrelated reasons and spent a few evenings of that time to set up Emacs with evil-mode and it was totally worth it. However, I did put off doing it for over a year before that, because I didn't have the time to spend. An important realisation was that I only need my Emacs to do the basic Vim things and then some extensions I commonly use. At that point, I can survive using only Emacs and building onto it as I feel like I need something. I've always found the story about the British bomber airplanes during world war two to be a powerful illustration of this. When the bomber airplanes returned from Germany, some were quite badly shot up. They were riled with bullet holes in the tail and wings. In the interest of ensuring more successful bombing runs, the air force naturally wanted to put more armour on these parts that were always so badly shot up. ...but that's not going to do any good. Airplanes that are shot in the tail quite obviously are able to complete their mission and return home, since you're able to observe them. The airplanes that had bullet holes all over their cockpit never returned. This is where the extra armour is needed. You draw by clicking and dragging with your left mouse button. Instead of a line you get text. Text size (aka line thickness) depends on cursor speed, so faster dragging means larger text size. > I guess some people just can't get by without the iron hand of the compiler Hey, Haskell and Scala exist! The drawback with Capture Go is that it emphasises the capturing part perhaps a bit too much. I prefer introducing players to a variant with the same rules as capture go, except the winning condition is "having the most pieces on the board". This is essentially the same thing as regular go, but without all the fuffing about with learning scoring and such. When played on a small enough board, the games take about as long time as capture go games. No, that's what they're saying. Take any invention and you can break it down into just a slight improvement of the sub-inventions it consists of. A light bulb is just a metal wire encased in a non-flammable gas and you run electricity through it. It was long known that things get hot when you run electricity through them, and that hot things burst into fire, and that you can prevent fire by removing oxygen, and that glass is transparent. It's not a big deal to combine these components. A lot of people still celebrate it as a great invention, and in my opinion it is! Think about how inconvenient gas lighting is and how much better electrical light is. Same thing with AlphaGo. Sure, if you break it down to its subcomponents it's just clever application of previously known techniques, like any other invention. But it's the result that makes it cool, not how they arrived at it! All algorithms are incremental improvements of existing techniques. This isn't a card you can use to diminish all progress as "just a minor improvement what's the fuss". Sure, but when you say "tree search" people think of the traditional kind of expert system-based tree search. Traditional tree search methods prune trees by approximating subtrees according to some very specific rules decided on by human experts. This means in a tree search system, the computer cannot actually evaluate a position any better than the humans that designed it. The way it performs better is by running very many of these evaluations deep down in the tree. When you're talking about some other kind of evaluation function, such as Monte Carlo rollouts, you usually prefix that to the tree search (in the case of Monte Carlo rollouts, "Monte Carlo tree search" or MCTS) to indicate that besides the basic fundamental task common to almost all AIs (finding the optimal branches in a decision tree) it functions completely differently from the expert systems. So is the case with this program, which (in a first pass) approximates subtrees by a trained neural net, rather than Monte Carlo rollouts or an expert system. So using terminology that suggests classical expert system tree search is bound to cause confusion (as you noticed). Besides trap-laying, there's also a second useful "surprise" factor: your opponent is likely to have spent time on your clock to read out follow-ups to your most likely move. By throwing in an unlikely (but still good!) move you're forcing them to expend time on their clock to re-think their follow-ups. One thing that's cool about Go is that the pieces get their value and power not from the rules, but from how they are used. In an actual game of Go, you will find groups of ten pieces that are casually thrown away, and you will find single pieces that the whole game revolve around. In the rulebook, they are the same piece, but in actual effort expended to save/attack them, you'll see they're valued vastly differently. This happens in chess too, of course, but in Go their value is decided only based on how they are used. The sophistication is about the same, but the rules are simpler. Depending on which level you want to put the game at, you can either say that ko = draw or quickly explain how something like PSK works. Interesting! I was also at a Montessori school but we had plenty of homework. Granted, it wasn't a big deal if you didn't do it every now and then, but you were expected to complete the majority of it. Either way, I think your social position shows through in your reasoning. Being able to learn programming or tinker with chemistry kits at least to a point requires parents that encourage and/or support that kind of pastime. A lot of kids don't have that, and will simply not be exposed to the existence of programming and chemistry kits. (Books are generally more accessible, but there's also something to be said for parents encouraging and supporting reading – the people I know who like to read also have parents who like to read, and the people I know who don't like to read have parents who also never read, for what it's worth.) Impossible for anyone of us to know. The Google people might know, but it's in there interest to not present AlphaGo as clearly superior because an even game attracts more views. Pitch it as a creativity game rather than a logic game. I mean, it's a little bit of both, right? I can't find the source now, but I remember reading a while ago that a team of go players is, perhaps contrary to intuition, not significantly better than their strongest individual alone. There's just no useful way to "pool" human thinking power and redistribute it to where it's needed the most – all the players will simultaneously consider the same branches. At best you reduce the risk of making a silly mistake, but sitting pros are already pretty good at that. In the mid-game – and hell, even in the early end-game – the search space is still too big to practically exhaust the useful branches with MCTS. Keep in mind "mid-game" in Go means there's still over 100 moves left in the game – well longer than a full chess game. I'm not saying you're wrong, I'm just saying I don't agree with your motivation. I'm fairly certain that among the many thousands of high-level games from KGS AlphaGo was trained on, several opened tengen and 5,5. That said, Fan Hui did better against AlphaGo in the inofficial blitz games they played! Just as arbitrary. Unless you're a self-sustaining vegan, you're costing a lot of energy even to just get you the few thousands of kcal your metabolism consumes. Unless you're not counting support systems, in case it becomes very complicated to calculate and decide exactly which energy expenses are for support systems and which are directly integral for function. There's a good reason for that: there is no game on Friday. Next game is Saturday, and they may or may not broadcast that. Andrew is ready, but he needs a pro or otherwise really skilled player to provide high-level commentary. Hyungwan who did it the last two games will not be available. That's actually a really interesting idea. At this point you're basically replacing the "policy" neural network in AlphaGo with biological human neural networks. Also it's very likely if the human played stronger in the last match, the computer also would have stepped up. Computers tend to sacrifice points (i.e. "big leads") for assured victory, so unless the human is stronger than the computer, you cannot know it's true potential. Each one needn't give a 9 dan response. Each person gives one response to the best of their ability, and scores the situation on a scale of like 1–100. Collect all the responses and distribute the new board situations over the same – or a different – group of people. The score is mostly used to value the quality of previous moves. If a branch leads from a situation most people rated as 60 to a situation where most people rate 10 it's not a good branch. That's exactly it. The difference, as far as I have understood it, is that there was a similar move that is typical, but in that particular situation, pretty simple reasoning (of the highly abstract "if this then that so this must lead to that" sense) leads a human to conclude that this version of the move is superior. So while atypical in the sense of "occurring infrequently", it was not a difficult move to find for a player of that level – all the pro commentators saw it pretty much right away. This might be the one weakness of AlphaGo, which is interesting. https://online-go.com/learn-to-play-go May need an account, but registration takes 5 seconds (you just type in your desired username and password). It puts you through 10 simple lessons and then lets you play a really easy computer opponent. The general principle is that captures aren't actually worth a whole lot. Territory (area under your control) is where it's at. If a capture is a means of getting more territory, that's grand, but on it's own it's not worth much at all. Does this help your self diagnosis? If the computer ignored a capture it's because it didn't actually lead to a lot of territory gained, whereas whatever move it played probably did. You can change stuff without flushing the current contents, but previous contents may leave a weak trace when you do so. It's why Kindles have a setting to flush the screen every three pages or something; a decent compromise between ghosting and refresh rate. I want one too. Suddenly, I know what I'd do if I won the lottery. > There are only three notification states ...and they apply equally to all channels. I'm in the company "what to get for lunch" channel, but I do not ever want notifications from that channel unless someone specifically mentions me. I don't even want to see there are unread messages in it. Can I configure this? Of course not. I also don't want to receive any notifications from some bot users. Can I ignore notifications specifically from particular users? Of course not. And don't get me started on searching. I want a simple incremental search in the current buffer, ideally regex capable. Why does it have to open a god damned sidebar that doesn't even fit in the window to show the results? Actually, the whole thing about how incredibly inefficiently it uses the screen space it's given is a real bother. I disliked Skype for taking up way too much space, but Slack is even worse! I realise most of these complaints are about the official client but it's provided as a part of the service and there aren't many alternatives yet, which is a problem with the service. Thanks! Is this a new feature? I tried searching for it a couple of months ago and didn't find anything. I'd still like to get notifications when I'm specifically mentioned (but not when @everybody is) but this is better than nothing. > it's easily conceivable that Lee Sedol has reviewed on the order of 100k games. ...but highly unlikely. In the best case, that works out to something like reviewing 10 new games every single day. If a game takes 1 hour to properly review, and a person needs 8 hours of sleep, that leaves just 6 hours in a day to eat, manage hygiene, exercise, be with family, travel to competitions, play yourself and do all kinds of other studies you need to. Well... It's really icky to punish someone for doing something that wasn't a crime at the time and place it was done. If you create a law that prohibits visiting a park at night, you shouldn't retroactively punish half the population for having visited a park at night. This stuff is UN human rights stuff, and often the norm in sensible justice systems. Drawing on this, it's not currently illegal to publish a warrant canary. If it's not illegal, you can't be punished for it now. If you can't be punished for it now, in a sensible justice system, you can't be punished for it down the road either, as long as you stop doing it before it becomes illegal. What they could argue is that by ceasing to publish the canary, you're committing the crime of communicating something you're not allowed to communicate. That , however, skirts dangerously close to forcing someone to lie. It's probably not 10k, but it's on the order of 10k, i.e. somewhere between 10,000 and 99,999. > you setting up a system that you know will either force you to lie, or to break a court order by communicating something you were ordered not to. Which is not illegal, and therefore cannot be punished. I wouldn't be surprised if they make warrant canaries illegal (they are already in Australia?) for this reason, and it sorta kinda makes sense, but it also sucks. Edit: though I guess you could argue that "preparing to break a court order" is some sort of crime, but 1. It's in this case equivalent to making warrant canaries illegal, and 2. Laws that are punished only occasionally are the scariest thing. Also starting bounties (which some users tend to do quite liberally when their curiosity is piqued by some question) loses you reputation. You're joking, but it's true. It's the same thing with any poweruser tool, like Vim and tiling window managers. You can accomplish surprisingly difficult tasks in just a few keystrokes, but you can also destroy everything just as easily. I don't mind being harassed for preferring Emacs over Vim – it's a choice, after all. I can argue rationally for why you are wrong if you contradict me. I do mind being harassed for being a man rather than a woman – that's not something I chose. I was born that way. I can't change that nor can I argue rationally for why I decided to be that way. > My impression is that they fear falling on their faces more than I do. Part of that, I'm sure, is just that online, I think, people are just meaner to women. Part of that is also that women, in general, are much more sensitive to how other people perceive them; what their social "status" is. This can possibly be explained by their (prehistorical) roles as primary caretakers and being the "social glue" of small tribes. It could very well be deeply rooted in their biology. With that said, I don't think it's relevant in this case. There are many other lines of work where women are in the majority where it's also easy to repeatedly fall on your face. > What about those who are of a different gender/sex than they were born? What about people who choose to change their gender? If you actually speak to these people, they will inform you they didn't "change" their gender. What you are referring to is the practise of fixing the body to conform to the expectations of the gender they were born with . That is really weird. Technically the content is there all along (so it's not loaded in by JavaScript) but you still have to have JavaScript enabled for it to render. Who designed that!? Edit: hahaha what. It appears the content is laid out with JavaScript. So basically they're using JavaScript as a more dynamic CSS. Let that sink in. They're using JavaScript as CSS. It sorta-kinda makes sense for the fancy stream of comments but still... why is it a requirement!? Forces you to take your hands off the keyboard. Well... My mom did teach me DOS, and programming, and a lot of other things – but these days she doesn't have that kind of patience anymore. If things don't work right away, out the window they go. For a lot of people the patience with technology decreases as they age. I will never stop being impressed when people throw around (relatively) advanced technical terms they've learned... by playing video games, whether it's economy from Eve online or rocket engineering from Kerbal Space Program. > no doubt he had made sure before asking Technically no need for that. If someone ends up having it, you just log off that server and try a different one. Pretend it was a disconnect or something. Who'd ever know what you were trying to do? Generics in Java? Anonymous functions in Java? Most everything in Java? Completely oblivious about Go, but can you not provide a key function to the sorter that reaches into the struct and pulls out the field you want to sort on? (And presumably explodes in some spectactular fashion if it doesn't exist.) Or is that the "unsafe" reflection you're talking about? If by "sane" you mean "tedious and manual", sure... ;) There's a scale of how manage-y window managers are. Oldschool floating WMs are very manual in that you have to position and size each window on your own. i3 improves a lot on that by offering some automation, as long as the user still provides the basic idea of where to split and so on. Other WMs like xmonad, dwm et al. automatically position and size windows according to pre-defined layouts, which can be tweaked dynamically. The maintainer of Amethyst is an awesome person too. Amethyst is honestly the single thing that makes OS X tolerable for me. That said, it's nowhere near as good as a real tiling WM. There are still the technical limitations of the OS X system to fight. Screenshots for a Window manager is pretty useless. I mean, it's just application windows. A window manager itself is not graphically visible. The only way you see it is in how it positions windows based on your commands. To be fair, I haven't set a foot in my university for 3 years (planning to return soon!) but since I still send them the occasional email asking to be registered for a course I'm considered active there and get access to a lot of publications as long as I'm logged in to their systems. The laws are silly, I think we all agree on that. The big record labels are silly, most of us probably agree on that too. It still feels wrong when popular artists do not get paid for their work because it's more convenient for people to pirate it. I mean, creative/artistic efforts take a lot of time, regardless of how easy reproducible the results are. By paying for their previous songs, you're basically funding their next songs, something you should be interested in as a fan. All things have a constant speed in spacetime: the speed of light. If you stand completely still, you travel through time at "the speed of light". If you start moving faster in space, you'll lose a similar amount of speed in time. Go fast enough, and your life will pass in slow-motion. Go at the speed of light and your time stops. Go faster than the speed of light, and your time will start going backwards. Since you can't get out of a black hole normally, the only way to get out is by reversing time. I.e., going faster than light might be an option to get out of a black hole. Of course, doing so is nonsense, but the maths work out. I genuinely did not know that was the correct spelling. Thanks! 10/10 bug report. I'm sometimes called to attend meetings to act as a "tech advisor" – in case any technical questions arise they know I'm physically there so they can grill me all they like. Most of the time, I don't say a word during the whole meeting other than "Hello, my name is so-and-so and I'm a software developer at the company" and then "It was a pleasure meeting you, looking forward to next time!". I just quietly work away in a corner, pretending to take notes. The project managers feel more confident when they know I'm there, so I can be there just as well as anywhere else. As long as you're not expected to be actively participating, there's no harm in not being actively participating. Elaboration: the number of rules in .gitignore files scale pretty linearly with the number of options you have for tooling. If there are lots of tools that work with your language, your .gitignore template will be big. If there is only one or a few tools, your .gitignore template will be small. Whether or not "language complexity" correlates with "number of options for tooling" is left as an exercise for the reader. Personally, I think there's an argument to be made for popular languages having more tooling options... Thanks for reminding me about this. I both "umm" too much and speak too fast. I should be able to fix both! The `clean_xxx` method will be called when the `xxx` field needs to be cleaned. If you rename the `xxx` field and forget to similarly rename the `clean` method... sucks to be you! The same thing goes for a bunch of the `ContentType` stuff where you address specific instances generically using the string `applabel.modelname.id`. Edit: Oops, misread. This is Django specifically, not Python generally. The ability to more quickly recognise shapes when they are visually distinct, compared to when they are visually similar, is not a cultural or habitual thing. I'm sure a Chinese person can read Chinese faster than I can, but that doesn't mean they wouldn't benefit from more visually distinct characters. Contrary to popular belief, companies do not want people to misuse their products or break their license agreement simply because they didn't understand the implications of it. A happy customer is a returning customer. A customer accidentally breaking an agreement is not a happy customer. "Now client is being a bitch." The recommended way to use shorthand is still to take condensed, summary notes, like with longhand. The difference is you're not missing anything being said while your write down the thing. It's a little like being able to type fast as a programmer: useful despite typing being only 5% of programming, because it lets you transfer your thoughts faster, so you can focus on the next thought sooner. Depending on what you mean by "anything technical", I seriously doubt that. Shorthand dominated the world of commerce and law for a long time, and it's not like they don't use a bunch of jargon too. Just come up with (or find someone elses invention of) the important abbreviations and you're all set. A propely written shorthand note should be readable by other people. Journalists are in some countries required by law to keep their shorthand notes for a certain amount of time, so they can be used as evidence in court (and then obviously read by an uninterested third party.) If you have to write really, really quickly, then yes, typing your notes up properly soon afterward is a good idea. If you aren't under any sort of time pressure and just casually note things down, you should be able to read it years or decades later. I don't know specifically about Gregg, but shorthand systems tend to have some sort of mechanism for disambiguating when confusion is possible (i.e. when both "bed" and "bud" works in the context, you might want to write out the vowel). Part of being a skilled shorthand user is in knowing instinctively when these confusions can arise and using the disambiguation mechanism. The difference is that if you're anonymously mailing ants to a person you're doing it out of malice. The bad person is the person directly responsible for sending the ants out. The company doesn't want to mail ants to the wrong people, but they have no safeguards against it either. They're not acting out of malice, but they're peforming a malign action anyway. They're relying on your good spirit to ensure the ants end up in the right place. This is also why, e.g., ants basically never die when you drop them. Also helps cats. I'm surprised you managed to make it that complicated! http://pastebin.com/fck8qkMc Run it in Python 3. There is no difference to the victim, but there is a difference to the company. In one case they are guilty of shipping live ants to an unsuspecting victim, and in the other case they're not even related to the incident. It is as they say: every problem can be solved with an additional level of indirection... except the problem of too many levels of indirection. Granted, ABS invalidates the following argument a little, but not entirely. The traditional wisdom when faced with bad road conditions and an impending accident is that maintaining control through steering is much preferable to braking, which lowers the speed with which you can manoeuvre out of the situation. It all depends so much on various variables so I find it hard to categorically say "it should always be on." What? Are they actually suggesting you can read the newspaper while driving, as long as you have auto-throttle, auto emergency braking and lane keeping on? This is the way I've said it too, but "sequelite" is too good to give up on. > (It's historically rhymed with couple) So it's true! It is pronounced with a short initial syllable. I've always pronounced it along the lines of toople. They even serve different images with different colours on each refresh! Horses are absolutely beautiful, loving, intelligent, fragile, kind and elegant creatures, so I won't hold that against you. That said, my soft spot from horses (which I otherwise have little mental connection to) probably comes from growing up around them. Oh, don't get me started on this stuff: https://youtu.be/xIoRWIgzvbM or this: https://youtu.be/aoNSBPhaDjM . I guess it's something about the combination of engineering marvels and how deadly everything is. Isn't it, in practise, basically the same thing though? The theoretical difference is this: 1. Option is a regular data type/object that represents "a collection of at most one value". It's similar to a list, set, heap, tree or whatever other collection types you have, except it can not contain more than one value. 2. With explicit nulls I guess any data type (e.g. Integer) will automatically get a clone of itself (a different type named Integer?) where also null is a valid member. From a purely theoretical standpoint, I like #1 better. The arguments I've heard against checked exceptions are that they're hard to compose. If you write the `send_mail` procedure you might only want it to throw `MailException`s of various kinds. But if you use a TCP procedure inside, you'll have to declare `send_mail` to also throw `ConnectionError`s, thus revealing its implementation. To correctly hide/abstract over the implementation, you have to internally catch any `ConnectionError`s thrown by the TCP procedure, and re-throw them as `MailException`s. That's a lot of manual work that shouldn't be needed. Another similar problem is what someone else mentioned: if you don't actually know which specific exceptions your method can throw until runtime, what do you declare? ---- Note that this is also the case for some "null alternatives" . Sure, the `Option`/`Maybe` type is easy to compose, but as soon as you start inserting error information in there (with an `Either` type) you run into some of the same problems. This is acknowledged by language communities where that is practised, and some of them prefer unchecked exceptions to `Either`-style types for that reason. > I should mention that reading lots of "poor books" is also part of literacy Thanks for mentioning that. I've been looking for a reason to read "poor books" for a long time (much to the frustration of people around me, who want me to "just read it, who cares"), and this makes sense to me. (I'm not starstruck in the slightest, by the way...) On a completely different spin: any tips for becoming good at the game? I can't even pass level two, and I've already exhausted my (very limited) mental QM book. Thanks, that helped a lot! I also felt really clever when I realised that if there's a "Collapse 5%" trigger zone I barely have to do anything other than nudge the wave in the right direction when some parts of it are near the collapse trigger. =) "Would you get Andrew into my office, please?" is a great way of not having to communicate on the noisy floor. I really like this crude PRNG algorithm. Now I also have a reason to learn the multiplication table. Or at least the sixths column. I'm not sure there has to be anything odd going on. If you hit both keys at the same time, you can never produce the same letter three times in a row – which is extremely predictable! I find it amazing too. At the moment, I'm totally into shorthand writing, i.e. the sets of symbols secretaries and other writing people had to come up with to be able to write faster with pen and paper back in the day. It's just something really cool about a completely different "language" that's shared by a few people who'll know exactly why it's used and mostly learned out of necessity. Question not covered by the FAQ: for the mathematically lazy, what kind of size are we looking at in terms of "oh by" code space? How many documents can be stored until codes become too long to store in the (human) working memory? Will there be an option to generate a code "long enough" that it can not easily be brute force guessed? The huge difference between Haskell and the other two (that isn't in libraries) is that Haskell has controlled side effects, whereas side effects are uncontrolled in the other two (and virtually all other languages...) That, at least to me, is way more interesting/important than libraries, which can always be ported or otherwise interfaced with. So for someone completely uninitiated: what's the smallest and cheapest possible step into this world? I'm not ready to dive into it fully, but I feel like a good first step might be to just get portable, cheap equipment that lets me tune in and listen to broadcasts on various frequencies. Does my thinking make sense? Background: I have ADHD so I have to force myself to not jump in at the deep end whenever I hear of something novel and cool. Thanks! I'm well aware I'm not legally allowed to transmit and don't plan to either. I'm just fascinated by the prospect of receiving invisible waves and having them translated into sound in my hand. Can I read somewhere about which frequencies are used by ham operators, and descriptions of things like UHF and VF and narrowband and such? Okay this is surprisingly captivating. I didn't think something "on the web" would be as good as the real deal, but I've been stuck with this for 30 minutes. Currently tuned in to a couple of Russians talking while I do the last bit of work for the night. (I don't know Russian so the static on the air plus the foreign language is a nice background noise.) This is known as the Texas sharpshooter fallacy. We observe one out of a billion unlikely events and – after the fact – draw our bullseye around that observation and say "what are the odds the particular thing under our bullseye happened?" Of course, it's probabilistically invalid to decide on the target after you've observed which event actually occurred. Feynman exemplified this as > You know, the most amazing thing happened to me tonight... I saw a car with the license plate ARW 357. Can you imagine? Of all the millions of license plates in the state, what was the chance that I would see that particular one tonight? Amazing! If Feynman had walked into the parking lot with no prior knowledge of it and said "car number 5 on my right will have the license plate ARW 357" then this truly would have been amazing. But given that he saw the license plate first, it's not as amazing anymore. The same principle applies whenever someone says "Of all the mates my ancestors could have met, they met the specific configuration of mates which produced me as an offspring, several generations down the line. What are the odds?" Well... that was kind of bound to happen. There were billions of possible offspring that didn't happen! One of them had to happen for anyone to be able to say that. See also: weak anthropic principle. I think an easier strategy might be to work into your contract that if you happen to fix FOSS software on company time (to fix things your client notices), your patches go back upstream. This, at least, is the implicit policy at the company I work for. It's used in the pitch ("we use and contribute to open source software, which we believe leads to a better internet" and so on) to the clients who appreciate such things. That said, there might be too much legal tape to get that into a contract. Going along with the metaphor of the submission: sure, in the same way you can plant a solar cell on your roof and get "free energy" from the light pollution during the night if you live in a city. Or, literally, the energy is way too low to benefit from it. Sure, the TV might blanket space with a few watts of interference, but going by the law of quadratic decay that's not worth much at distance. All this noise does is prevent observation of low-energy signals. It does not contribute to a high-energy signal itself. (Goes for both light pollution and RF noise.) Edit: unless, of course, you mean we can "harvest" this free energy by making our appliances conform to regulations, in which case it's an obvious yes. We're nowhere near "extreme" levels of noise yet, thankfully. Extreme levels of noise will – just like audio noise – cancel out any signal you're trying to emit. That's a real problem because everything communicates by radio these days. But even though we're nowhere near extreme levels, this still causes problems in some areas of the world. I don't remember the specifics, but some train-related communications system where I live uses a part of the spectrum that's apparently very busy. This means the train drivers often have to rely on the civilian cell phone system to communicate, which in an emergency will be absolutely swamped and really hard to use. This is my intuition as well, because at a distance r around the source you have a sphere, and the area of the sphere will relate to the radius r as r ^-2. That said, the equation linked in the comment does indeed contain an r^-3 factor. I don't know if it's cancelled out by something else – my physics game isn't strong enough. > when the wifi gets unusually frisky the bluetooth drops out Oh so that is why my bluetooth audio gets choppy when I walk past the wifi access point in the hallway? I've never even thought about that before other than been annoyed by it. How utterly inconvenient that they occupy the exact same frequencies. I should probably get a 5 GHz wifi access point... Which is by design, because otherwise the national, supposedly independent radio would be sockpuppets of the current government. My issue is money and space. I'd like to cram it into the same tiny little box that already houses the fibre-to-ethernet converter as well as the router. I'm also not sure if it would penetrate the walls and reach all rooms. Not at all. Syntax is only the first step. Then comes imperativeness. If you can't write what's essentially Java code in its syntax, it's not going to be a thing. > The point is the class made him care about typography and he pushed so Apple computers would have good-looking text. > As opposed to Windows, which did not at the time. And to a point, this is still true. It's surprisingly hard to get good text rendering in terminal emulators on Windows and Linux. I still have to settle for "good enough" rather than the "stellar" I can get on my OS X machine. Bluetooth is using the very same microwaves (much like wifi), so yes. You be the judge of that. Compare e^(iπ) = -1 to e^(iτ) = 1. The whole business of re-writing the identity as e^(iπ) + 1 = 0 is nothing but a hack to get around the weirdness of π as a constant. > You don't. If something is impeding you, calmly tell someone who can help that you're having trouble doing something because of XYZ. Or, even better, ask what you can do to help with getting XYZ done. "Correct" order is ambiguous to someone asking that question in the first place. > With digital you could make money on the cameras themselves You could, but you rarely do. The profit margin on the consumer-level DSLRs is really low. They make money from the stuff around it. Ever thought about why you can't "steer away" from a curb, how it appears to "suck you in" when you try? It's because that first, subconscious turn in the wrong direction takes you into the curb edge. This totally explains my early, only, very bad experience with training wheels. I went right out into the street because I turned the wrong way and my friend (who had the training wheel bike) thought I knew nothing about riding bikes. I just learned without training wheels... I will never understand this. Rhyming slang is always so far fetched. Times is designed to fit many characters into narrow columns (think newspaper), and that's the layout it's most legible in. Is gravity as a force weak, or are we just used to materials where the electrical charge is disproportionate to its mass? Maybe the kilogram is just a tiny unit compared to the coulomb, and if that relationship was normalised the forces would appear abouh equal. All tongue in cheek, of course. They're just different ways of saying the same thing. In our collective experience with our regular materials, magnetic forces, when present, tend to be stronger at short distances than gravitational forces. That is cool information. Where can I read more about that? Have you played go? That's about as simple as it gets and still incredibly deep, strategic, tactical and interesting. So what is it you're really asking for? A game where even a beginner can beat a long-time fan, yet one that is interesting? I think those goals are conflicting unless we're talking pure gambling. I dislike Lisp (and Lisp-inspired languages like Scheme and Clojure) for two reasons: 1. their weak and dynamic type system, and 2. they don't control side-effects. Are there any statistics on the safety/reliability of software controlled vs. hardware controlled devices? I work in software engineering, so I'm exposed daily to broken software controls, and I'm gradually becoming more of a "grumpy old man" longing for the good old days when machines (be it cameras, cars, watches, medical equipment or anything else, really) could be "debugged" by following levers, wires, physical stops and hoses. I feel much more comfortable with that than with complex computer systems. I would like to know if my fears can be founded in actual truths, or if I'm just riling myself up over nothing. There are a few quotes floating around the web, all with the exact same wording, but I cannot find the original source anymore! I'm not sure if it's bitrotted or if it's a story someone made up before the release of the game, and then people spread it until it became "true". But it is what it is: > 1. One character was given a rake and the goal “rake leaves”; another was given a broom and the goal “sweep paths,” and this worked smoothly. Then they swapped the items, so that the raker was given a broom and the sweeper was given the rake. In the end, one of them killed the other so he could get the proper item. > 2. In another test, a minotaur was given a task of protecting a unicorn. However, the Minotaur repeatedly tried to kill the unicorn because he was set to be an aggressive creature. > 3. In one Dark Brotherhood quest, the player can meet up with a shady merchant who sells skooma, an in-game drug. During testing, the NPC would be dead when the player got to him. The reason was that NPCs from the local skooma den were trying to get their fix, did not have any money, and so were killing the merchant to get it. > 4. While testing to confirm that the physics models for a magical item known as the “Skull of Corruption,” which creates an evil copy of the character/monster it is used on, were working properly, a tester dropped the item on the ground. An NPC immediately picked it up and used it on the player character, creating a copy of him that proceeded to kill every NPC in sight. > 5. In one test, after a guard became hungry and left his post in search of food, the other guards followed to arrest him. The town people looted the town shops, due to lack of guards. > Bethesda worked to fix these issues, balancing an NPC’s needs against his penchant for destruction so that the game world still functions in a usable fashion. In-game there are over 1,000 different NPCs, not including randomly spawned monsters and bandits. The result is that the AI in the release version is much reduced, only featuring NPC schedules. As far as I understand it, the x86 uses many more registers than you think "under the hood", and it's exposing just a few "virtual registers" that are mapped to any of the underlying ones. So what you're thinking of is already done to an extent, except the at the kernel-level it's invisible. (Exposing more virtual registers have two main costs, then: you lose backwards compatibility for all programs that use the extended register set, and to back them up with the same technique you need several more real registers.) I started reading this when I was very young and then eventually trailed off. Thanks for reminding me I gotta try again! So maybe I've we'd had native applications instead of this flash crud, OS developers would have been forced to sandbox applications properly earlier! Hoo-ee. I'm not a doctor but I had a bout of serious hypochondria (in my case, heart related) and I recognise all of this. After many, many tests and doctor visits they managed to convince me I'm in good health. But that didn't stop my worries, and my odd behaviour/obsessions that followed. They referred me to a therapist, which eventually helped a lot. That said, I still sometimes feel it, but these days I can forget entirely about it after a minute or two. > if at first upon hearing it you're bewildered, about halfway through you realize that you can understand what she's saying. As a non-native English speaker, this is basically my experience watching some movies (where the characters speak with regional dialects). The first 10 minutes I feel like the actors are mumbling and then after 20 or so minutes I have no problem keeping up anymore. Also what it feels like when someone with an accent is holding a lecture at my university. > the interface is clunky The reason I prefer IRC after all these years is that the interfaces available have not been beaten by any other product so far. Sure, IRC has an unfair advantage in being 20 years old so there's 20 years of development behind the current interfaces, but still. Yes, I have a set of particular requirements which aren't in line with what a "regular customer" would want in their communication app, but so? IRC gives me the freedom to get my interface while someone else can get a different interface. > A native speaker of Danish, I was able to speak with my Norwegian housemate. With my Swedish friends however, it was harder. Not sure why, since Sweden is visible from Denmark but Norway is a bit further away. Between 1500ish and 1800ish Danish was extremely influential on Norwegian, by virtue of being... well... the formal language of the country. Not to be the one to shit on your parade, but https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Grain_size#International_scale I'm not sure how you're able to conclude that the guidelines are bullshit just because he himself fails to adhere strictly to them. All authors break their own guidelines from time to time. I feel like this is something the HN audience should be familiar with. At least I personally know a lot of guidelines for creating maintainable software, but there are a host of conditions which will cause me to bypass them anyway. NaN != NaN. It's how you're supposed to test for NaN, apparently. I'll give you one chance to guess how isNaN is implemented. https://github.com/v8/v8/blob/e6d1a80e790117dc27b20e9b14de4b... I rarely use my Kindle specifically because of the PDF problem. This also means I'm quite the novice when it comes to the entire ecosystem. Is KOReader compatible with the slightly older Kindle 4? If not, how do you get to know those things? I highly doubt Flash did anything to significantly change this. After images and audio, the web was screaming for video. If it weren't for flash, perhaps we'd instead have links that opened up native video players, or whatever, and we'd be better off for it. In short: YouTube would have been a success even in the alternate universe where Flash never existed. A friend I used to know actually got reasonably skilled at getting stuff from penny auctions. I personally witnessed him net gain from the exchanges (and bought some electronics from him for very cheap, since he had several of each at that point...) He never shared his methods, but did say that one of the most important considerations is the target audience of the item in question and at what times they are likely to be bidding. You can glean that information by continuously observing many ongoing auctions. The basic strategy was "hold off until people have stopped bidding, then put one bid down. If it doesn't work out, go have a picnic in the park and try again later." This may have been before such sites offered pre-configured bots. Hey, you seem like the kind of person who'd enjoy this: http://99percentinvisible.org/episode/future-screens-are-mos... Basically, whenever some sort of "dumb" design decision in a movie annoy you, try to come up with a decent explanation for why it's actually an intelligent design decision. It's a lot of fun! > The most interesting lessons from sci-fi come when you assume, for the sake of argument, that everything is in sci-fi is there for a reason–even things that look like mistakes. There’s a word for this, apologetics, which usually refers to the act of attempting to close logical loopholes in theology. > Take Star Wars, for instance, in the scene when Luke and Han Solo are in the Millennium Falcon blowing up TIE fighters. > If they’re fighting in the cold vacuum of space, why do we hear the ships exploding? Sound doesn’t exist without air. > George Lucas probably figured that a silent gun fight would probably have been way less dramatic. He wanted to make the scene feel real to the audience, even if it was less true to reality. And if we move from the point of view that what works for the audience will work for the user, we can ask ourselves–could this make sense? Is there an explanation that can warrant hearing ships exploding in space? > Well, what if the sound is the interface? Audio is a much more efficient gauge of surroundings, since it spans 360 degrees, whereas vision only covers 120 degrees. It might be that there are sensors on the outside of the Millennium Falcon that provide 3D sound inside the gunner seat. So when we hear ships blow up, we’re actually hearing an augmented reality interface that Luke and Han hear. Maybe? > With design thinking, there are logical excuses for every interface discrepancy. And it makes sci-fi that much more fun to watch. A practise that may come from some shell scripting languages where `[ $x == "" ]` is an invalid command because empty strings aren't strings. I guess you could own several wallets for different purposes? > […] positive effect on the wolves teaching them that they get shot if they go near the sheep. Culls don't teach the wolf packs anything. Do canines really learn that fast? I have always imagined that it takes verbal communication of some kind to pass on complicated knowledge to the next generation, and most knowledge canines possess is evolutionarily passed on, which is a really frickin' slow process unless you intentionally breed them one way or the other. It's not that they "can't be handled". It's that locals "handle" wolves by killing them. Authorities fear all wolves will get killed eventually, unless they are killed systematically and in an organised fashion. It depends on what you mean by "older" shells. More modern shells tend to support this properly, but the baseline for most shell scripts is /bin/sh which is not guaranteed to be modern – it is often a new release of Sh. That does not help, as far as POSIX is concerned. $ [ "$x" == "" ] sh: 2: [: unexpected operator Not sure what your metre comment is about, but it turned out that definition wasn't accurate enough to confidently state the speed of light, so the speed of light was set to 299792458 m/s and a metre is consequently the distance light travels in a 299792458th of a second. (The second is in turn precisely defined by particle physics.) > An important consumer of the data are entities who navigate the sea and air. You make it sound like birds and fish check in with the NOAA before planning migrations. Edit: and that they're really picky about units of measurement. It's optimizing for writeability rather than readability. Countries can do this funny thing called "print money" to save failing businesses. Sure, that's bad for the economy too, but potentially better than the alternative. I had gotten the impression that happened because they were using an algorithmic compression engine that favored false positives over false negatives, i.e. they had essentially trained an algorithm to generate "strings of characters looking like words" as a means of compression and some weird strings of characters were determined by the algorithm to be words even though they shouldn't have been. I agree, but I think you're putting the emphasis in the wrong place. A SCSS dependency isn't that bad because the client will never see it. What is bad is code that's hard to maintain. When I did a stint of front end development recently, I went in with the mindset that "JavaScript is evil for the user and therefore should not be used when avoidable". I discovered after a while that although you can replace JavaScript with CSS sometimes, the resulting code is often much more difficult to understand and modify than the original JavaScript would have been. It's no longer in my interest to avoid JavaScript at all costs , as was the case before. You touch on this with your "overcomplicating" sentence, but I feel like it didn't get the spotlight it deserved in your comment! And if we spent half the time we collectively spend making JavaScript validation programs on making the Firefox validation behaviour better, it'd not be this way. Who goes first? Not me! And how was that, for us without audio capabilities? Well, I mean, I understood the sarcasm and it was funny. Part of why it was so funny is because it's true. Haskell is amazing at many things, and one of them certainly is writing toy interpreters. 400 DPI isn't low. There are only so many dots per inch a human hand can distinguish between. > it's something used by Erlang Syntax only. Well... and English syntax. In English, you can specify a list of things by separating each thing with a semicolon and then a sentence is terminated by a period. Example: > Today I would like you to buy coffee; talk to Sarah about the party if you can, otherwise send her a text; drop off the kids; meet me at soccer practise. You see how the sentence is terminated with a period, each individual item in the list is separated by a semicolon, and the comma is free to use inside each item to indicate related clauses. I've changed nothing about the structure of that list, except replaced the items with function definitions. > Today I would like you to define f(m, n, r, 1) as f(m, n, remainder of m divided by n, 2); f(m, n, r, 2) as n if r is 0, otherwise as f (m, n, r, 3); f(m, n, p, 3) as f(n, p, p, 1). It's the same thing, only we've replaced the mundane everyday tasks with function definitions. Now reformat the thing and we get Today I would like you to define f(m, n, r, 1) = f(m, n, remainder of m divided by n, 2); f(m, n, r, 2) = n if r is 0, f (m, n, r, 3) otherwise; f(m, n, p, 3) = f(n, p, p, 1). Sure, Erlang syntax happens to coincide with the syntax of English, and I'm not sure whether this was intentional or not, but it certainly has nothing to do with Knuth. I just find it more likely that Knuth continued to use English for those definitions, and not that he switched to Spanish, or for that matter Erlang. Not saying that is what happened, but perhaps you build a tolerance for the drug? Withdrawal can be a batch even for drugs with no significant positive effects. Balls I went deep on this one. Almost makes me want to subscribe to BJPsych or something. So interesting! Because I have to pause my train of thought to type. And the longer I have to pause, the more likely I am to lose some vital part of the mental model I am juggling. Therefore, being able to type quickly and get back to thinking sooner is a good thing. I mean, going only by lines of code written per day, one would think I would be content with being able to type only at maybe 8 words per minute, and that's on a good day! But it is obvious to anyone why being able to type only 8 words per minute can be detrimental to a programmer. > I hate memorization, and didn't want to spend the years that it would take to master steno, so never really wound up pursuing this myself. I haven't learned machine stenography (for reasons which fit better in another comment), but I do know and frequently use good old pen-and-paper shorthand, which is shares a lot of properties with stenography. I also talk to people who know machine stenography to keep up with the current developments. There's one misconception in the quote that I feel it's worth clearing up: learning stenography/shorthand does not rely as heavily on "memorization" as you seem to think. There is a system to the madness, and most systems are fairly easy to learn (because – hey – they're systematic!) Once you know the system, you don't need to memorize anything. You will be able to type anything by just applying the rules of the system. Of course, consciously applying the rules is going to be a slow process (just like consciously hunting for keys on a Qwerty keyboard when you were still learning it), but words you type often will settle into your muscle memory, just like they have done on Qwerty. Try typing in a foreign language on Qwerty and you'll notice how much of your typing speed is muscle-memory-applied-to-full-words. The same thing is true of stenography. You never sat down and deliberately decided to "memorize" common words on Qwerty, it just happened automatically as you were typing. The same thing is true of stenography. So, to recap: * "Mastering stenography" in the sense of "being able to type at a speed that is not uncomfortable" may take no more than a month. It does require memorizing the system and applying it. * "Mastering stenography" in the sense of exceeding your current Qwerty speed may take a few months up to half a year. It does not require any memorization beyond the first step. * "Mastering stenography" in the sense of achieving 250 WPM speeds will take several years. It will probably require memorizing custom shortcuts for words/phrases that you commonly type. So if you compare stenography fairly to Qwerty, you see we're talking at most half a year. It probably took you longer to learn Qwerty to begin with. You're being unfair to yourself if you compare 250 WPM stenography to 70 WPM Qwerty and from that conclude that stenography is much harder. If anyone Dutch, German, Swedish, Danish or Norwegian is following this project, please tell me if you know of a dictionary/system/way to create a dictionary for any of those languages. I would like to use Plover for Swedish, but am hindered by the lack of a dictionary. I know the languages I enumerated has often shared systems for both machine steno and shorthand in the past, so I'm open to any such suggestions. If anyone has data on that, I'd be an interesting read. I'm talking plainly in terms of a null hypothesis, though. If we agree that there is a notable difference between 8 and 50 WPM, we should assume the effect also holds between 50 and 250 WPM, unless otherwise proven. There is no reason to believe the "cutoff" value where the effect stops being noticable is at, say, 100 WPM, just because that happens to be a common Qwerty typing speed. If this site is talking about what I think it is, then "regular" programming languages are a special case of this where the probability distribution of each value is the trivial case. Only based on that, this will be useful for anything regular programming is useful. In addition, this makes modeling uncertainty much easier (in the sense of "closer at hand"). That may allow for new ways of dealing with user input. Instead of saying "is this email address valid or invalid", we can start asking questions like "Is the probability of this email being valid larger than 99%? Then we'll accept it. Is it larger than 95%? Then we'll ask the user to confirm it. Is it less than 95%? Then we'll tell the user it's incorrect and have them retype it." These are things we normally don't care to model because it would require lots of additional machinery. With that machinery built into the programming language, it is much easier to reach for, potentially with a better user experience to boot. Plenty of things! The real world is often best modeled by a probabilistic model; you can rarely state facts in definite terms. The probability the bus arrives on time may be 70%. The probability that a particular host is up may be 92%. The probability of needing a reboot within the next week is 2%. The probability that the user switched off Wifi on their machine is 4%, and the probability that their router is having trouble is 3%. These numbers can be based on actual measurements. What do we tell the user when they have problems connecting? Instead of just saying "it's either this or that" we can run the numbers, and perhaps in aggregate there's an overwhelming probability it's a particular event, in which case we suggest that first. There are so many cases where we don't actually know for certain all the parameters involved, but the conventional approach is still to round the probability either up to 100% or down to 0%. Simply because that's easier in conventional programming languages. As a result, you might not see these events as having probability distributions, but they do. For this reason, I found it much easier to get started with Emacs and manually including evil mode in my configuration. Emacs is definitely more of a platform you can build your own editor on, choose whichever parts you like and then you get an editor perfect for your needs. Vim is more of an integrated "this is what you get and it's this way or the highway" sort of deal. Of course there's some extensibility but nowhere near to the same degree. I did this too but I also realized "the way I've always parted my hair" is likely also "the way other people are used to seeing me" and thus "the way other people like it" too. So although I like it "to the left" everyone else likes it when I have it "to the right". I am the only one who doesn't care for that, but I also never see it other than flipped! > This is an industry where a company lied about the emissions of their products for years. Not only that. The individual computers speaking on a common bus are manufactured by the cheapest bidder, which is rarely the same company for all component. They can be cheap because they build to slightly fudged specifications. So the components on the common bus don't even speak the same protocol. There was a presentation of some contractor using property testing to eliminate a huge number of integration bugs that had been in production for years. Scary stuff. The FDA has these funny rules where you only need one successful study to be accepted. So as long as you can pay for study after study you can just wait until chance works out in your favor and you're out on the market. This is known. FDA does not care. More generally, skills that make you good at reliably sticking things to other things are very useful. When you have mastered tape, glue, nails and screws, sewing is definitely a good next step. > his point about the concatenation of unicode and bytearrays certainly seems a valid point This is one of those subjects where I feel like being a non-English programmer has given me surprisingly valuable experience. The operation of concatenating a text value (string) and binary data (byte array) simply does not make sense, for two reasons. What do you expect the result to be? 1. Binary data with the text appended. Then you need to specify which encoding you want the text to have. Once you do (a.encode('utf-8')), all will be fine. You could argue that a conversion to utf-8 should be implicit since that's almost always the correct choice, but you'd be surprised how fast you run into trouble with other systems. 2. Text with the binary data appended after interpreting it as text. Again, which encoding? You'll get very confusing and terrible results if you do not specify this. If you specify this (b.decode('utf-8')) everything will be fine. The only other alternative I accept is a type error. I'm guessing zed would be even angrier if that was the case. I'm not quite sure what Python 3 does, but at least it somewhat communicates that whatever interpretation it does is internal and arbitrary. The Python 2 result is ridiculous. Well, there is a Jim language, it's just not something you'd want to write by hand... Encoding and decoding binary data is hard for a beginner in general, and I'd argue it's good to avoid it for the first few lessons. Unless the beginner has a CS education in which case by all means explain how encoding is taking text and translating it to bits. > I typically had to turn tap to click off when using Linux because I would randomly click while typing. Palm detection should typically be tweaked through various driver parameters. How RSA works belongs to those snippets of random information that I do possess, but can't reliably link together to get a full picture of the PGP experience. Ooh, ooh, ooh they're partly by Greg Wilson! I'm a huge fan of him! Shame they don't cover GnuPG. :( I'm hoping that by understanding the meaning of the raw data structures, I can ask much more educated questions when I am faced with a new operation I want to perform using GnuPG. The idea is that instead of asking myself "what happens if I set a new, future expiration date on a revoked key?" with no clear answer, I could just think in terms of (e.g., I have no idea how it really works) "since the expiration date is set as an optional header extension to the key data structure, and the revocation bit is maintained in the mandatory header, the revocation bit takes precedence over any other extension headers, including the new expiry date I accidentally set." This way, knowing the raw data structures makes it easier for me to figure out which command line arguments I want, if you will. Anecdote, sure, but a data point none the less: my mother who is very untechnical and has zero patience for software errors loves using her computer again after I got Linux onto it. According to her, everything just works, and it runs faster to boot! This is someone who's spent decades in DOS, then Windows, then OS X. Handling "a lot of states" (rather, a large state space) is a hard problem in any paradigm. Pure languages make this complexity apparent, and thus gives the programmer a true sense of how hard it is to do right. This makes it seem "harder" than in impure languages. Impure languages let you get away with handwaving the state space, which – to be fair – is often enough. But when it isn't, you pay dearly for it after the fact. Higher levels of abstraction are harder to translate to efficeint machine code. Non-strict (what you call "lazy") evaluation can make it more difficult to predict when resources are needed. In strict languages, the resources needed to evaluate f() are needed exactly at the point where you typed "f()". With non-strict evaluation, those resources may be needed then, later, or not at all! If those resources happen to be needed when a) they are no longer available, or b) at the same time as a bunch of other computations need resources, you have problems. Look, I fixed their code in so many ways: main = runConduitRes -- dealing with finite resources ( sourceFileBS "input.txt" -- read input.txt as binary data .| decodeC utf8 -- decode assuming UTF-8 .| linesC -- split into lines .| mapC parseList -- parse each line into list of text .| mapC (get 5) -- get sixth element of list .| catMaybeC -- discard lines with no sixth element .| encodeC utf8 -- encode as UTF-8 .| sinkFileBS "output.txt" -- dump into output.txt ) And it's still very functional, if not more so! This will run in constant space and linear time, it will buffer reasonably, it will not leak file handles, it will gracefully clean up on exceptions, it will not crash when it fails to parse something correctly, and it makes the encoding assumption explicit (you cannot split into lines unless you know the encoding). Dealing with I/O is not hard when you use the correct primitives. I don't think Haskell is worse than any other language in that regard. What perhaps sets it apart is how much of its functionality is implemented in third-party libraries, which may be difficult for a beginner to come to grips with. "Why should I download a library to use efficient arrays? Shouldn't they be built in, like in Python?" I can come up with two explanations for this reliance on third-party libraries. 1) Haskell has always been a quickly evolving language attracting research-minded people which in turn go on to develop really cool libraries that are much better than conventional ways of doing things. The interpretation of this explanation is that it's simply not possible to keep the standard library up to date with the latest library developments. It may also be the case that 2) Haskell has always been a really powerful language capable of offloading important tasks to libraries. What would need to be built-in functionality in other languages can be implemented as libraries with no sort of special treatment in Haskell, so people do it that way because they can, and because it keeps the base simple. I'm sure I misunderstand you, because it sounds to me like other languages were designed on the basis of "Wait! How did this array syntax get built into my language? Oh well, now that it's there I guess I might as well build in arrays..." I would guess those languages get built-in array syntax specifically because they have built-in arrays. The arrays come first, the syntax later. But if you are like me and work in many different languages, you'll have to spend 10 weeks to learn 10 different IDEs, rather than 8 months to learn one Vim. > But he said that Amazon does not instruct LMS to fire drivers who have had a trend of high complaints. LMS independently starts a disciplinary process, he said, starting with retraining, if a driver has a high number of citations for two consecutive weeks. Of course they don't get fired. But after several months of "disciplinary process starting with retraining" they quit voluntarily, perhaps... This is why I enjoyed reading The Economist. I might not have agreed with their editorial slant, but I loved how they didn't care much for human interest stories (or at least marginalised them) and did report on things slowly getting better all around the world. (Stopped reading not because I was discontent, rather because of a lack of time.) I sense a trend of trying to cram everything good about native apps onto the web. Do people who do this stop to think whether the web is actually the correct platform for their app? It is possible your device may not see a leap second, only eventually observe that it is running one second slow, and smear to correct for that. When I used RawTherapee I liked it, but I found the interface a bit opaque. The exported jpegs were not what I saw in the application, which in turn was not what I expected to see given the source and the modifications I had performed. I am absolutely sure there were good reasons for this, but I never took the time to figure out what they were. In contrast, with Darktable, only once have the final output not matched my expectations, and then it was immediately obvious that I had accidentally changed the colour space of the output and my image viewer assumed sRGB – this was a two-click fix in the export tab. Which part of Europe? According to everyone I know in Sweden (including myself) it is really frowned upon to do that. If you enter without being sure that you'll be able to exit in time you're a massive jerk. I agree. My impression of RHEL and its likes is that they are "slow and outdated", but the more actual research I do, the more I feel like using them for their stability and security. > I work on a C codebase that does this […]. Yes, there is quite a lot of NIH. With essentially-uniform use of checked data structures, and an extremely comprehensive suite of automated tests getting run under ASAN (originally Valgrind) […]. This is a complex, >1M SLOC distributed system that has seen several years of production use at this point […]. > > […] it just needs to be done from the start, and then you just need a bit of discipline to keep it up. Here's a neat idea: wouldn't it be cool and save a lot of time if the compiler did this for you automatically, from the start? Of course, you say it's easy to do it manually, but something tells you your company might have needed to pay less for development if the compiler did it automatically with no human intervention required. Well, you can still sort of view it that way. You can imagine the bounds check being a "compile time generation of the C code you'd write to check the bounds anyway". Same thing with Ada. If you're looking for a safer low-level language with a long track record of successful use by some major players, Ada is the natural first candidate. But as someone else said, Rust has had way better marketing (and is newer, which probably catches some people as well.) I agree. I've been silently (and sometimes loudly...) groaning when I hear my friends start using Irssi back when it was still completely unmaintained. There's something nice about sometimes upgrading your software and actually getting surprised by new, useful features as well as security patches, which didn't happen with Irssi until very recently. Someone in a related thread (I followed a few links to get there) commented that > Every time this comes up we say give them a contract quote for the time. I vividly recall one guy that did, this year or last, and the company said "sure" without hesitation. He made like $400 interviewing to work there, because he asked one question. > It's simple, you just say "8 hours seems a little excessive to do for free, but I'm happy to do it at a billable rate of say $75/hr. If that's okay with you I can start within a day." That's it. If they still want the work but won't pay for it, that will tell you a whole lot about them. I'd be interested in hearing peoples thoughts about this! Thanks. This is actually really great. Not only for testing my own web sites, but also for getting rid of a lot of the bullshit on other sites. I'll try to remember I have this shortcut now! Could you recommend a learning resource for Python 5? I also tried learning it years ago but eventually went back to 3.0. I like overly generic code when I refactor. The more generic, the fewer edge cases possible! If your idea of "refactor" is "change name of variable", then I guess Java wins. However, the refactors I do are frequently much more complicated, involving logic swaps that are far beyond a right click action. ... but I do dislike Python because of all the stack traces. Like 98% of the run time errors (and subsequent stack traces) I get in my Python applications could have been prevented by a proper type system. Drugs are tested on healthy people first. If healthy people with previously no thought of suicide suddenly starts feeling suicidal when in a clinical trial of a drug, it could be outside influence and a huge coincidence, but likely not. Not a real answer but I consider myself lucky I had my first one in the ER (which I was in at the time for other reasons). The medical staff could in a calm and collected manner explain to me exactly what I was experiencing and what mechanisms in my body was activating and it all became so much easier to deal with. I can only imagine having your first one alone or among inexperienced people and how much more horrifying that must be. I'd like to tell you that stale data will always be a thing in any serious application because light only travels so fast. Therefore, you'll need to have sensible logic in the face of stale data either way, so it's not so bad as you think. ...and while that's true, I'd still like to hear the opinion of someone more knowledgeable because it's an issue that's been bugging me too. Advertising is 99% about making you aware that theproduct exists and fulfills the needs you already have, and at most 1% about making you want theproduct. > it seems like with so many moves left to play, unless you know whether one player is more skilled than the other, one's guess is as good as another's. Might as well guess a coin flip. Consider it exercises in intuitionistic positional judgment, rather than a game of "hey try to play this out in your head". 160 bits are still quite many. You could have done what Linus suggests and use a better hash but truncate it. If it's a good hash, a truncation of it should still be good (modulo the fewer number of bits, of course.) Pascal, Delphi and Ada are a lot better than C and C++ in that regard, though, by virtue of actually having some sort of sensible module system. As long as blissful unconsciousness is reached within seconds I don't think the other two minutes matter a whole lot. You must not have read any good news. What you are talking about is known in the industry as human interest stories. That's not what real news is. My more recent Garmin will use HR data during the exercise to determine recovery HR by simply comparing activity HR to the HR two minutes after you've paused the activity. But even if you're not using a HR monitoring device during your workout, being vigilant on your resting HR provides a good clue. Too high and you need to rest, whether from overtraining or illness. Yes, the primary concern with optical wrist sensors is "cadence lock", which is when they start measuring the wiggle of the arm rather than the beating of the heart. The number of funerals you have attended could be a poor proxy for the number of lives lost. Drug junkies tend to have fewer friends and be less vocal about their addictions because society, culture and laws. Books. Plenty of really good classics around. If you want simpler Swedish, perhaps start with Astrid Lindgren (children's books primarily) or Tove Jansson (also children's books in the book stores, but they have many undertexts and are appreciated on more levels the older you get). I found starting from a vanilla Emacs and installing evil mode myself was much more gentle than jumping straight into spaceman. However, interfacing C code from Ada is a very straightforward process, where most types and procedures can be mapped automatically to corresponding Ada types. So if there exists a C library for the thing you want to do, you can easily use it from Ada. Though if you're dealing in days of the week, you probably want an enumeration to avoid the whole "does 1 mean Sunday" thing. Important terminology nit: subtypes and derived types are two different things in Ada. A "subtype" is essentially a local new name for an existing type (it makes little sense to export subtypes). A derived type is a new type that is based on another type, but can be restricted to a subset of values of the original type, and cannot be interchanged with the original type. The general mindset is "if you need high integrity, you probably also need to statically determine an upper bound on memory usage." The consequence is that the safest Ada variants do not allow dynamic memory management at all. But the next step down is to do the memory management in an isolated module of your code, which is then supposed to be vetted thoroughly. Vanilla Ada (i.e. not the safest variant) does provide RAII for dynamic management of resources in general. That's basically what SPARK Ada is. In a hobby capacity, yes. It's hard to go back to programming without contracts and invariants once I've had a taste for it. This is an oversimplified view on marketing. Imagine there is a human desire X in some people, and there are three products A, B and C designed to fulfill that desire. Do you honestly think the marketing industry is stupid enough to primarily be engaged in trying to sell product B to people who DON'T have desire X? Of course not. The idea is to convince people that product B does a better job of fulfilling desire X than competing products A and C. Or at least that it optimises some other variable – it might not be universally better, but it may be a whole lot cheaper, or easier to get a hold of, or have better customer support. Real[1] marketing is mostly concerned with finding the people who have a particular need, and making sure they are aware of a product that fulfills that need, and what the strengths of that product are. Marketing is fundamentally about increasing sales as much as possible with as little expenses as possible. The most efficient way to do this is to find people who already would have wanted your product if only they were aware that it exists, and make them aware that it exists. Convincing people to buy things that fulfills needs they never had is possible, but takes a lot of effort. Too much to be worth it, in most cases.[2] ---- [1] This may sound like I'm moving the goalposts, but all I'm really trying to do is guard myself against the obvious "but I got this viagra marketing spam email which does not fit your description" rebuttal. [2] Yes, there are plenty of "artificial needs" to go around, but most of them are created by culture, of which only a smaller part is marketing. They're rarely created by a single, hugely effective marketing campaign. (I say rarely, because De Beers comes to mind...) Well. Assuming you'd otherwise have to spend 60 minutes in the gym, you can take 30 minutes longer on your one way trip and still come out even. Winter temperatures are no biggie. You just do what you'd do anyway: put on more layers of clothes. Now, snow and ice on the other hand... Where have I heard a quote along the lines of "a writer is someone who isn't good enough at writing to become an editor"? I've been looking for the source without finding it. I don't find it entirely implausible. Think of it like bloom filters or floating point numbers; the more you need to store and recall, the less accurate it will be. Its not like there's an "erase" routine in our brains, it's just that the neural pathways start getting used more and more for other more important things. But there's still a readable trace of the old pathway there. Sort of like the shortcut over the corner of the lawn where the grass can't grow because everyone goes there, but then when the new overpass is built people stop going there and new grass sort of grows over it but not completely because other people see the desire path and use it for other purposes every now and then so it never really disappears. I had some tinnitus (unknown origin) for a week or so many years back. It really taught me the importance of protecting my hearing. I feel really lucky I got to experience it temporarily at just that point in my life where I was young enough that it wasn't too late, yet mature enough to realize how serious it could have been. Interesting! Did you consider regularly sending phishing emails yourself, and automatically call out anyone who reply anything at all to them? I mean, you won't catch quite as many people, but eventually most will learn, one would think. > it derives m=E/c², not E=mc². Einstein was thinking about fundamental physics, not bombs. Although I know the E=mc² formulation makes more sense from an "E²=(pc)²+(mc²)²" point of view, the author had a kind of striking way to put their point. It's as if the war managed to intertwine itself in culture so strongly it twisted the perception of the entire general public on issues of fundamental physics! > I forget to eat, I don't get tired. Sound like dopamine at play! > you are not solving any real issues either. Rust only protects you from a small fraction of errors and while for an application like a browser, this can be a big gain, I would argue that it is negligible for a kernel in general. Reasons being that all the device IO, component interaction, privilege escalations, logical errors, hardware errors, firmware errors/bugs all can NOT be addressed by rust. Would something like Ada SPARK be more helpful here? And what critical parts of that is Rust missing? > Should grades reflect absolute knowledge (e.g. if you have this grade then you are that good) or should they reflect relative ordering? This is a can of worms all by itself, too. Grades can reflect 1) Absolute knowledge, but this unfairly favours students from rich and well-educated parents; 2) Relative superiority compared to your age group, but this encourages children to not help each other because they are afraid they're competing for a limited number of higher grades; 3) Speed of development, which is largely determined by genetics at any given age; 4) Effort, which is unfair to the bright students who have nothing to put their effort in to; or 5) Potential future ability, which is nigh impossible to measure and not necessarily even an important marker of anything. There are many more options, and neither is obviously right. I don't think any of these really help with the issue mentioned in the article. > discouragement is more of a sign that they're not enjoying the activity. When someone really enjoys something they like finding the flaws in what they're doing so they can get better. Are you sure this correlation is unidirectional? As a tutor, I frequently get people to enjoy things they didn't before simply by trying really hard to avoid discouraging feelings. In a way, a large portion of my tutoring is about getting people to enjoy the things they used to hate, because that appears to massively improve retention rate. There's some more here if you're interested in how you get people to enjoy stuff: http://jorendorff.github.io/hackday/2013/tutoring/ I also belong to the poor-but-educated-parents so I know what you're saying. I would assume the explanation for people with poor parents doing worse is because the parents have less time to be involved. But if you want to know more there are numerous studies. :) > For some reason many people take big offense, but other illnesses are perfectly fine to them. Not the case at all! Dutch use a diverse set of illnesses as profanity. It's just that the big C (or should I say K?) happens to be one of the most severe profanities. Well, if you want to do full imperative programming with warts and all, you'll probably want to stick to the IO monad for your entire program anyway. You just have to be aware that you're actively handicapping your compiler by choosing to do full imperative programming. (In most other languages, the compilers come handicapped out of the box...) I think the first example in that post is a bit unfair. The Haskell code is unusually complicated because it avoids a complicated problem that exists in the C code. (Which is that 16-bit encodings can't cover all of UCS-4 with fixed character widths.) Besides, I don't understand why they are making such a complicated solution. In this comparison [1], the first example in that post is the "target". The best performing solution is... you guessed it: foldZip a b = List.foldl' (\r (cha, chb) -> if cha /= chb then r+1 else r) 0 (Text.zip a b) And a pet peeve: the way you say "only in the ST monad" is a funny rhetoric device. You make it sound like everyone agrees it's a bad thing to isolate mutation to local regions. Here's the thing: it's not. And the way you can integrate local mutation in your application with the ST monad is fantastic. By just typing "ST" a few extra times you get local mutation exactly where you want to, and nowhere you don't want it! [1]: http://i.xkqr.org/scrot_20170615032548.png > There's no general purpose idiom you can use to replace all loops, only tons of special purpose HOFs you must memorize. Well, yes, there is: general recursion. You can recreate any loop with plain old recursion. But stating that as a problem is a little like coming to Java and saying that "there's no general purpose idiom you can use to replace goto, only tons of special semantic branching constructs you must memorize." Sure, a valid complaint if you've been forced to only use goto in your life, but not a reflection on good programming practise. If you need writeArray and randomness and you don't like loop combinators, there is absolutely no problem using general recursion. That's one of the beauties of the monadic interface – it composes very well! ---- I'm going to show you some Haskell code now. This is code that could probably use improvement, but the reason it may look sketchy in some places is that I – surprise! – reliably wrote it on a napkin. Excepting some typos, obvious brainfarts and missed imports, this is actually the first draft of the code. Here's the quicksort algorithm as it is written on Wikipedia: algorithm quicksort(A, lo, hi) is if lo It's Haskell implementation will be very similar: quicksort vec = runST $ do mvec I'll walk through it line by line, even though most of it is very similar to the Wikipedia imperative pseudocode. quicksort vec = runST $ do mvec We run this stuff as an ST expression, which is the Haskell way of saying "hey this block of code does actual mutation, be careful". The first thing we do is thaw the vector, which means making it mutable. let loop lo hi = when (lo We define a loop that is going to depend on two variables for iteration: lo and hi. It runs for as long as lo is less than hi, and will break when hi is equal to or less than lo. p First, we call the partition procedure which divides the vector into two halves and returns to us the index of the pivot element between the two. Then, since we are in a function called "loop" we can continue to the next iteration by calling "loop". The neat thing about this is how it looks like we almost defined our own keyword, which acts somewhat like a "continue" statement in imperative languages. There is a difference, though. The "continue" statement in an imperative language would abort the current iteration, go back to the top of the loop and run another Iteration. The "loop" statement in our code also goes back to the top of the loop, but it doesn't abort the current iteration. Which means we can loop (p+1) hi also run a second iteration. This is in principle independent from the previous execution, so you can sort of view this as a "multi-continue" that starts two new iterations of the loop in parallel. In reality, though, the execution is sequential because the compiler doesn't have enough information to determine that they are indeed independent. loop 0 (Vector.length mvec - 1) Note that until now, the loop was only defined – it was never executed. But now we execute it with the initial values for lo and hi. It may seem weird that definition and execution of a loop can be separate from each other, but I haven't been able to come up with any reason that could end up bad. freeze mvec After we're done, we freeze the vector to make it immutable again. It might sound like an expensive operation, but it's not. Hopefully, the compiler will understand that nobody else has simultaneous access to the array so it will perform the modifications in-place and optimise away the thawing and freezing. (continued in second comment) (continued from previous comment) But what's really interesting is the partitioning procedure. That's where things get complicated. According to Wikipedia, it can be implemented in an imperative language like so: algorithm partition(A, lo, hi) is pivot := A[hi] i := lo - 1 for j := lo to hi - 1 do if A[j] ≤ pivot then i := i + 1 if i ≠ j then swap A[i] with A[j] swap A[i+1] with A[hi] return i + 1 This is the Haskell translation I came up with: partition a lo hi = do pivot do j Again, I'll walk through it part by part. partition a lo hi = do pivot Since we're already running this as part of an ST expression, we don't need to specify "runST". First thing, we read the last element of the vector as our pivot, and we define two new references to mutable values i' and j'. (I like to indicate references with ticks like that to distinguish them from the value they contain. Ticks sort of remind me of the C pointer asterisk so it works out.) fix $ \loop -> do j Okay, so last time we created a named loop through the "let" keyword, which defines new variables and functions. We could do that here as well, but I think this other approach generates neater code in this case. The "fix" combinator might twist your mind the first few times you see it, but suffice it to say that it creates a recursive function from an anonymous function, by supplying the function with itself as its first argument. You'll see soon one of the reasons I preferred it in this case. Then we read the value of the j' reference and use it as our loop condition. The loop should run as long as j is less than hi. aj We read the value under j in the array, and if it is less than the pivot we increment the value in the i' reference. If the incremented value is different from j, we swap the two in the array. inc j' loop Regardless of how aj compared to the pivot, we increment the value under the j' reference and go back to the top again to start a new iteration. i When the loop has finished, we increment i', swap the pivot element back in to its right place, and then return i. There are three things of note here: 1) One of the major differences with the imperative code is that in imperative Haskell code, we sometimes need to "dereference" mutable variables in a separate statement. We (generally) cannot do that as part of an expression. There are some structured ways around this even in Haskell, but at that point it might no longer be worth using Haskell to write imperative code. Why do I say that? Because it's actually a good thing that we need to dereference mutable variables in a separate statement. Several "safe coding standards" over the decades have evolved toward "keep expressions free from side-effects and have one statement per side effect". 2) When we defined the loop with fix we didn't have to call it separately from its definition. That's one of the benefits I was talking about. 3) I forgot what number three was. ---- Randomness, you said? That's a common optimisation to the quicksort shown above. The pivot is picked at random in the inclusive range [lo,hi] instead of fixed at hi. It is child's play to include it by simply passing a random generator as a parameter down the call chain to partition, so I'm not going to show that. What I'm going to show instead is how trivial it is to abstract that parameter away into a state transformer wrapper. I intentionally ignored this aspect until now to get honest results about shimming randomness in there. Here are the changes: 1. partition a lo hi = do p I converted the partition method to a state transformer, which makes it possible to compute a random number in the [lo,hi] range and implicitly update the generator state. Then I swap the highest element and the chosen pivot, and the rest of the algorithm is the same as before. The state transformer also means that the rest of the partition function is now lifted, but that's no biggie. 2. quicksort gen vec = runST . flip evalStateT gen $ do -- pivot The quicksort function needs to wrap the ST expression in a state transformer, but is otherwise exactly the same as before. Since we need some sort of generator to start with, the quicksort function now also takes a generator as an argument and puts it in the state. This is not super clean – the quicksort needs to receive a generator each time it is called? Well, yeah, sorta–kinda. This is probably one of those places where it's legitimate to do an "unsafePerformSomething" – the randomness does not cause any actual impurity in the code. ---- What I did not attempt, and what is a complicated subject anyway, was the issue of arbitrary pivot selection strategies. It's easy to integrate support for random pivots, but what if the user wants to specify a pivot selection strategy of their own? That's fine if it's pure, or at least only relies on randomness, but what if it's unrestricted in its effects? What if they want to supply a strategy that calls your grandmother and asks her for a good pivot, or one that launches nuclear missies and counts the casualties to determine a pivot? That's clearly some serious international side effects, and I think that we do want to prevent the user from inserting strategies with arbitrary effects. But where to draw the line? And how to distinguish these kinds of effects? Haskell only throws them all into the IO bin, which is a problem. But the problem is not that effects are controlled, it's that even in Haskell there's a certain lack of control over effects. I discovered yesterday that my previous benchmarks were wrong for some reason. Zip+fold isn't actually that fast: http://i.xkqr.org/scrot_20170615223112.png What is fast – without reaching into the Text object internal representation – is good old tail-call recursion. And you can even integrate the length check into the traversal! Making it an O(min(n,m)) operation in total. Huh, I guess you're right. My phone has a battery of around 12 Wh and lasting maybe 30 h on a full charge, that's a power consumption of 0.4 W on average. With a surface area of about 70 cm², we get about 60 W/m². Phone eats 60 W/m². Sun provides 1000 W/m². Okay, let's cut that into a fourth because, you know, clouds and nights and stuff. Retake. Phone eats 60 W/m². Sun provides 250 W/m². Essentially, if you find a solar panel with 25% efficiency and the right size, you can slap that on the back of your phone for a very tiny size increase, and you now have a phone that powers itself as long as you put it down in the sun instead of in your pockets when you don't use it! > a DSL improves readability by sacrificing generality, so a DSL is for audience that's usually a subset of that language's users. You'd think that'd be self-evident from the "domain specific" in the name, but I guess a lot of things are obvious once they're pointed out to you... > Anyone else dislike the immutability fad? [...] Sometimes I just want to create a map and mutate its structure, and the language saying "no" is constraining me in an unpleasant way. Immutability does not prevent you from incrementally creating new versions of a map! At this point, you are conflating no less than three different and orthogonal concepts: A) A convenient way to write code that incrementally creates new versions of a value. This is trivial in most languages using immutable values, but it often requires unfamiliar idioms, giving people the false impression it cannot be done. B) A performance optimisation that performs such local incremental updates in place. This is a real concern. Any immutable-by-default language should support a safe (!!) way for the programmer to ensure updates happen in place. C) A mechanism whereby new versions of values can be distributed to other parts of a program. This one is tricky as all hell to do safely, and most good solutions work just as well with immutable values. "But kqr, why did you take something so simple and made it so complicated?" It was complicated from the start. Traditional languages have just ignored this complexity and solved it in an "undefined behaviour" sort of way: let's just do wha the metal happens to do, however unsafe!" You'll note tha such languages have no way to do safe in place updates, and value propagation is never sychronised or otherwise guaranteed not to cause partial views. It's a low-level hack that's far outstayed its welcome in the age of huge systems with all sorts of interaction effects. Well.... any device not connected to the internet will plainly not send your data to the cloud. Then it's the matter of parsing the data on your own, which at least for Garmin devices should be possible once you figure out the format. (If someone hasn't already, was a while since I explored that.) Unrelated to bitcoin: I know very little of what montessori schools are like abroad, but I went to a very good, small montessori school in Europe, and I firmly believe (well, as firmly as I can without repeated controlled trials) that I would not be half the hacker and tinkerer without it. Allowing childrens natural curiosity fuel their learning, and providing the physical aids to stoke that fire is probably as good as it gets within the framework of hey-we-have-these-things-called-national-standards-our-kids-must-meet. I have started intuiting it like this. I want you to imagine the concept of a "producer of values", which is a fairly broad notion. This can be 1. a list, which produces its elements one at a time; 2. a computation that might fail to produce a value, which either produces one value or none at all; 3. an I/O computation, which may ask the user for a value to produce), 4. a stateful computation, which produces a value that may depend on some hidden state; 5. a parser, which produces a value that may depend on the source data being parsed; 6. a source of pseudorandomness, which produces a that is unpredictable; or any other of a nearly infinite set of things. For such a producer of values, we can imagine that A) The Functor instance says, "Hey, give me a function and I'll create a new producer that produces the values you get if you apply that function to the values I produce." -- Example: If the producer is the infinite stream [1..] and the function is (^2), the Functor instance lets us create a new producer that produces the infinite stream of positive perfect squares. B) The Applicative instance says, "Okay, that's cool, but you know what I can do beyond that? Give me two different producers of values, and I promise you I'll create a producer that combines values from both of the two producers you gave me. So in a sense, I am a combiner of producers." -- Example: If the first producer is a database of previous actions the player of a game has taken, and the second producer is a source of randomness, the Applicative instance lets us create a new producer that produces an AI decision based on player action history but with some randomness thrown in to look more human. C) The Monad instance says, "Pah, and you thought that was neat? Look what I can do! If you give me a producer and several different possible producers, I can create a new producer that chooses which of the different possible producers to run next based on the values produced by the first producer. So in a sense, I am the opposite of Applicative: I am a splitter of producers." -- Example: if the first producer is a stateful computation that extracts the player health from the state in a game, we may have two different producers lined up to follow: one produces a commiserative message mentioning their score, and the other produces a message telling them round number n is starting. The Monad instance lets us create a new producer that delegates to either of the two depending on whether the player is dead (health 0). ... I should really get around to writing this blog post ... I feel like I have rewritten it a thousand times in various comments at various points... With an object-oriented model of reality, then yes, you can say there is a single banana object instance whose coordinates mutate to remain inside your body, and gradually your body decrements the banana nutrient counters while incrementing its own. With a value-based model of reality, it doesn't happen that way. In that model, a both you and the banana are modeled as the (time, place, nutrients) triple of immutable values. Those triples never "change" or "become old" or "get duplicated". They just are. At 4 o'clock, my nutrient counters were low and the banana had coordinates similar to mine but not quite. At 5 o'clock, my nutrient counters were higher and the banana had coordinates equal to me. Both of these statements are valid at the same time with no conflict. Similarly, I don't get where this "if I open the boot of my car do I now have two cars" is coming from. and coexist in peace. They're not two different car objects, they're two different immutable, factual descriptions of states. As long as they were correct in the first place, the will never become incorrect or change in any way. > This means people walking into downed weather balloons have no warning that they're running low on oxygen before passing out and dying. It also means that by hyperventilating, you can reducessubsequent feelings of asphyxiation, because hyperventilation (rapid, shallow breaths) purges CO2 from the blood. However, it is somewhat inefficient at building up oxygen (compared to slow, deep breaths) so it's easy to accidentally asphyxiate yourself that way. Yeah, that's an important point to raise. When we say cars are bad for the environment, we don't just mean that they are inefficient in terms of their consumption of limited natural resources. They're also bad for the local environment in that they are noisy, take up a lot of space on the road, require vast areas for storage, cut neighbourhoods up with roads, kill people by impact and so on. Sharing would solve at least some of these problems. > I wonder, this may be silly, but could you not potentially get a slightly higher resolution image, if you just created a pixel for every sensel. Than if you were to apply the demosaicing algorithm then convert to grayscale. That's along the lines of what the Leica Monochrom promises. One drawback of doing it with a regular Bayer sensor is that the colour filters eat light, so while the number of pixels will increase significantly, the spatial resolution may not be that much better. > You can't even trust the browser's link preview tooltip because it can be overridden in JS. What!? Just tooltip, or status bar also? Sure, but why? I mean, even without the "internal IDs" you're basically talking about creating a Pascal code generator and hooking it up to an early stage in the existing Håstad compiler. A first year CS student could do that as a course project. It's not that complicated. But there are a few reasons we don't do that. Like the Sean Conner article argues, the specific keyword symbols we use barely matter. Sure, you can come up with pathological cases with obviously bad choices of keywords, but all reasonable choices can be learned in a matter of minutes and then you're good. As long as a for loop behaves like a for loop it really doesn't matter if we write "for", "för", "meanwhile", or "සදහා". We'll learn to recognise the symbol, whatever its etymology. Because of the above, when we "transpile" (which is apparently what the kids call compilation these days) we tend to want to do it to a language that is sufficiencly different (i.e.not a language whose only difference is that the keywords are made up of different symbols). And when you do that, you'll get code that uses idioms from one language but syntax from the other. And in your attempt to go from 100 people being able to read your code to 100,000 people, you accidentally went to 0 people. Python even supports this in its regex library, where it's called "verbose regexes". You'd write your code as def main(args): regexStr = \ """ \\b # begin match at word boundary \\d{3} # match three digits [-.]? # optional – match dash or dot """ if args[0].match(regexStr): print("match") else: print("no match") It's even better with nested structures, because it allows indentation as well! Not only that. There are so many models out there that even if they have been around for a while, the small group of people you manage to ask does not make up a statistically reliable dataset. Buying laptops is really scary that way. Half the time you get some shit yuo have to outlive, and the other half it's fairly decent. Only once or twice have I heard people hit the jackpot. > ask SIs to make recommendations in their RFPs for implementation services. Not only are you going to get bias from pitching the software they're best positioned to implement, but the requirements gathering process is never as good because a) companies won't share as much during a competitive procurement and b) SIs won't invest the time to do all that work for free. I mean I'm sure there is solid economy theoretic reasoning in favour of RFPs in general but I've never understood why anyone would want to do things that way. The way I hear it, you're basically saying, "Hey, from a group of people who are willing to work for free – I'll pick the one willing to cut the most corners!" Quality just cannot arise from that kind of process. Impossibilty is a strong word. Sure, there are no standards bodies rating the quality of a product (those that exist tend to rate it as a "pass/fail" sort of thing.) But there's this thing called the internet where for any item you can think about you can find a tiny group of people obsessed about that item and ask them. It's the modern day "ask a repair shop"! I'd like to point out an addition to this. Always read the negative reviews. Don't just count them. I put much more weight on the negative reviews than the positive ones. You can frequently tell if the bad experience is due to a user error or if it's a systematic fault in the product. If a product has 70% negative reviews, of which 90% are operator error, I'll probably still prefer that product to the one with only 30% negative reviews where only 30% are operator error. > Funniest thing about it is that as a sales rep I sucked, but once I got moved into repair, I was absolutely destroying our sales team in sales often by 4x their best rep without even trying. I find this incredibly interesting because it's telling us something about how to make people perform at their best. I believe I'm the same way regarding making pitches from a repair bench. Do you know why it happened that way to you? I'd share my hypothesis but I don't want to prime you. > the actual factory is no more than 150 km away from where I live (but of course they don't sell directly). You probably tried this already, but in case you didn't: see if you track down and speak directly to one of the people on the factory floor. Ask them if there's any chance they have a unit lying around that's been used for demonstration purposes, testing, or maybe there's a cosmetic fault that made it unshippable, whatever. When things are used or manufactured at an industrial scale, individual units tend to end up in storage rooms and gather dust. However, you have to be aware that the employee would probably have to jump through some hoops to help you (talk to their manager, ensure the right people are compensated, assist with physical delivery and so on), so 1. You may have to badger them a lot to get it done. Not because they don't want to help, but because if you're not showing initiative, they'll do more important things with their time. 2. And this should probably go without saying but they won't be sales people. You'll owe them, not the other way around! Ugh. This makes me so sad. I was very close to buying a Fairphone 2 or something for its repairability, but I ended up getting a recent Samsung model anyway because it beats the crap out of everything else in almost all categories – especially ones I value highly, like nonexistent shutter lag, weather sealing, battery life and such. But they're also very anti-tinker, from what I understand. The more I read about stuff like this, the more I'm thinking about rooting my phone just because I want to be in control. I hate handing over my security and system maintenance to a large corporation who barely has my interests in mind. However, rooting a recent Samsung phone is a one-way operation and they can detect it and refuse service under warranty in some jurisdictions. I don't know what to do! Not sure what you mean by "network", but have you tried reaching out to businesses you truly believe you could help? Remember that work is a two-way deal. There are millions of small businesses with crappy technology. If you explain to them specifically how their business will improve from employing you to improve their technology, they'll listen. > It helps drive to a much quicker resolution and overall provides a much better customer experience. Are there measurements behind this claim? It could be that you are optimizing for customer support experience rather than customer experience. I mean, with the resources, a Twitter interaction could look like Customer: your service sucks. Support: I'm sorry to hear you have that experience. Is there anything we can do to make up for it? Customer: don't send me a bill for next month and I'll stay as your customer. Support: Sure thing. Hope you can enjoy the service more in the future. This type of exchange is bad for the company only in that it does not provide any valuable feedback, but as long as you have other ways of getting that, I bet you the customer will feel content. I mean sure, the company could add a second tweet at the end of the interaction: Support: if you would like us to improve our service for your needs, you are free to send constructive feedback to feedback@example.com. The reason most companies want the feedback first is because after the customer has received compensation there is little incentive to help the company out. It's viewed as a transaction of feedback for compensation. But asking the user to be detailed over Twitter is probably futile, given the character limit. That is funny. I am doing some temporary consulting work in a Java shop. I created a layered and complicated solution to a complicated problem. I spent a lot of time defending the complexity of the solution as the necessity it was. When the requirements appeared to change, I was all like, "Are you sure about that? That's great news because that means we can remove these layers from my solution and simplify the code a lot." Apparently they had never heard about someone wanting to get rid of their own layers, because they just sat there in silence trying to come up with reasons to keep the (now) unnecessary layers. In the end, I think they agreed that the new requirements must be incorrect, and the old ones still cover both cases. Imagine that! Throwing away new requirements solely to keep layers. Not to mention that it's impossible to write a general contextual solution, so in some contexts it would not behave properly. I would rather have a solution that works consistently across all contexts than one that's perfectly contextual in some contexts. (Also the reason I prefer Vim/Emacs over language-specific IDEs. I like to use the same editor tools for all sorts of writing – and good tools are general enough to work that way.) I'm guessing these plugins have improved in the last couple of years? Every time I've tested them, I've been somewhat disappointed. Part of it is probably that I expect the Vim experience to include 1. The full command set, like :set paste and :set foldmethod=indent; and 2. Some basic plugins, like EasyMotion and surround.vim. Not even evil-mode gets this completely right, but it's close enough to be worth it. These are two separate things. You can disable location history, but I'm not actually sure what that means in terms of data retention besides "you can no longer access your location history". I do know that it does not disable these sort of "immediate" responses to your current location. You can disable the responses (one by one separately), but it is pretty clear that it disables only that specific response, not the data collection itself. > if you can (semi-)permanently spare a USB-A port Or use subkeys most of the time and have master on dongle? > if you can (semi-)permanently spare a USB-A port Or use subkeys most of the time and have master on dongle? I think you'll find that the most successful authors will tell you that key to their success was reading a lot written by other people. Well, depends on how charitably you choose to interpret "destroy". Not all books are worth a second read. I'll provide contrast, then. Code checked into version control is never changed. What happens is the reviewer creates a derivative work. If they use my code as a basis for their derivative work, that's a sign of respect just as much as anything else. It means that they think I actually got it mostly right. The same argument applies if it's merged right away. Unless the reviewer(s) blatantly misunderstood something important, it's likely their fix is an improvement. And even if they did, the previous code is just a reset/rebase/oops-commit away. That said, you should still discuss the code to iron out misunderstandings and learn things. From what I understand, the desire for instantaneous transactions is has an inverse relation with how much money you have. Poorer countries are generally way, way ahead in mobile banking, because in a rich country you are supposed to keep around a month's salary in all your accounts, making transfers less urgent. Why it's there in the first place is fairly excusable. It (at least) halves the number of datagrams. Why people still resist it I'm not so sure about. But on the other hand, it's a complicated architectural decision. US military wants absolutely reliable communications? They invent TCP which relies a lot on acks. Swedish telecom company wants fast and absolutely reliable communicating systems? Cue throw hands in air with a "there's no guarantees even with socks so better to simply never assume your message arrived and instead focus on detecting anomalous behaviour." They invent Erlang where there are no acks for messages. I've always been overly eager to add dependencies to projects and while I know why it may not be good I was missing a good intuitive sense of why. This is such a good way to view it. Thanks! I must agree. It may be that you and I lean more toward the theoretical side and want more of a "grounds up" material (a chapter about transforming regexes to state machines? seriously?) than a "here's what to do to get it done by next thursday" book. I recommend watching this video if you're interested in learning about multivariate analysis using mechanical computers. It's very approachable and informative. https://youtu.be/s1i-dnAH9Y4 > doesn't quite manage to do anything particularly useful that the phone you probably carry as well does rather better I don't have a full fledged smartwatch, but a running watch with some smart features. Its killer feature is not to pretend to be a phone. It's much simpler than that. Its receiving (only high priority) notifications on my wrist. Incredibly convenient when I can't pick up my phone. Edit: apparently my phone strongly prefers "it's" over "its". Unification and assignment are very different concepts, though, with only fleeting similarity in some cases. If you want others to see the new thing automatically, you need something much more powerful than plain old assignment anyway: something which will let you pick a synchronization strategy. "Changes at any arbitrary time, including when you are halfway through reading it" is not in any way a sound synchronization strategy and the only thing you get with assignment. You seem to understand the important difference between identity (what you see when you read an object) and reference (what you use to access the object). Next important thing on the list is how "reference" cannot just be a pointer to a place in memory -- unless it is immutable. The SMS cell broadcast feature is kind of flaky. Nothing wrong with the technology, but it needs to be enabled in so many places to get through it rarely happens. Also consider that Japan never really did the whole GSM thing, so it's easy to imagine they haven't bothered with all legacy features still present in UMTS. Not to mention that Japan uses different W-CDMA channels than many other places in the world, so if the people you know have foreign phones they may get limited CB coverage. I disagree. I tried that approach for many years but without external input, I could never figure out how to transition from a simple expression language to a proven, working compiler architecture. While large compiler architectures work well for smaller languages, the opposite is not true. I have found it much better to pick a good introductory text and just work through the exercises. I've always been under the impression that compile means "put together" rather than "compress". I like your comment so please don't interpret my remark as evidence of the contrary. I simply think you misunderstood me. I didn't mean to say that it's hard to transition from interpreters to compilers, only that I found it hard to transition from interpreting/compiling an arithmetic language to a full structured programming language with general recursion, loops, data structures, variables and so on. But you may want to add a compiler flag, or change the path of the binary. If the binary is called in multiple places it does make sense to constantize it. Well, cutting is called killing in Emacs... Nope. A directive is not a regulation. A directive means the member states must implement into their own law a comparable version of the directive. A regulation is when the countries must enforce the EU regulation as if it were their own law. (The difference is marked in the case of the General Data Protection Regulation, which will become enforceable in a few months. There is no wiggleroom in interpreting it, compared to its predecessor, the Data Protection Directive, where each member state has implemented their own version, with varying levels of data protection.) That sounds like the kind of thing that would be really easy to maintain your own fork for... That's funny. Never thought about that. I guess Emacs people think of it as yanking from the clipboard to the document, and Vim people think of it as yanking from the document into the clipboard. This is partly in response to the comment mikeash made, but also a question I've been carrying around for a long time. Mikeash wrote > 9/11 has a small but noticeable dip compared to the surrounding dates. I wonder if that's people avoiding it or if it's just coincidence I also see something else: there is a light streak going down the 13th of every month, as if people were having fewer babies that day. If I want to figure out whether this is an actual pattern or just a coincidence, how would I go about that? I mean, as I understand the general process it's a two-parter: 1. Come up with a model of the situation: say, uniform probability of giving birth any given day. 2. Calculate the probability of getting your actual results based on the model. If these are lower than some threshold you pick, say, 5% or 1%, then you discard your model because you have found something that breaks your assumptions. But there's lots of nuance here. Is does my model even make sense? Isn't it more useful to define the number of child births on any given day to be normally distributed with mu = average over the year? Are the two equivalent because something something central limit theorem? Is there a simple and convenient way to do the calculations for the most common models? And say I'm interested only in the streak of the 13th... do I need to consider all other days as well before I discard my model? My intuition says that the streak of the 13th is easier to prove/disprove than the dip of 9/11, because it's 12 data points (is there?) compared to just one -- but I also feel like I'm way off base here... I'm at a bit of a loss here. I haven't studied a lot of statistics because I've been busy with other things but this is the kind of thing I'd love love love to learn. I do remember a bit of the Think Bayes book, and I could plug each month into a comouterprogram updating the birth probabilities of each day based on that... but how do I know if I have enough data to get a day-by-day resolving power? Maybe I should look at weekly averages instead? I mean, I understand this is a whole field of research and not something you learn overnight, but is there not some subset of "countertop hypothesis testing" that you can apply casually over the kitchen table to get you at least somewhere? TL;DR: I think I see patterns in this data and I want to statistically reject my hypotheses. How do I approach that? Edit: I guess the reason my question differs slightly from high school stats is because I don't get to design an experiment that will give easily analysable data. And I'm afraid of creatively interpreting the existing data to make it easier to deal with, because I think that will lead me to incorrect conclusions. If you're on the edge about trying FreeBSD on some server instead of Linux, I strongly suggest diving in. I decided to go with FreeBSD on my home server after some back-and-forth, and it has been nothing but a thoroughly positive experience. - The structure of the system makes total sense to me, making it easy to do stuff. - The system is relatively simple in its design, which means I actually feel like I could troubleshoot any aspect of it. With Linux I often end up in a situation where I think, "Okay, and that component is in $complex_subsystem_12 so I have no chance of fixing it." - The documentation is great. For regular system maintenance, mostly everything you'll ever need is in the FreeBSD Handbook and you can often find separate, but equally complete, documents for more specific tasks like the Porter's Handbook, the Project Model documentation, the Developer's Handbook and the various system architecture/design books floating around. > But the speed and ease with which you get an application like NextCloud fully running on Ubuntu is unmatched What cooled these worries for me was realising that if I know something to be much easier in Linux, it takes very little to launch a virtual machine and run it in that. So far it hasn't been needed! Keep in mind you need a good base system in order for the third party applications to run reliably. As far as I understand it, that is nothing more than an urban legend based on the fact that 5.0 was a terrible, rushed release and not meant for production (it was also marked as such). That mistake has not been repeated since, to my knowledge. I'm still a new user so I deliberately choose to compile ports to learn the FreeBSD way of thinking about stuff, understand how packaging works under the hood, and not fall into the trap of thinking it's "almost a Linux". Compiling ports is surprisingly convenient (at least after I learned the config-recursive make target...) and works most of the time. But that said, letting the compilation of JDK 1.8 run overnight isn't exactly convenient, and for the next install I'm likely to use precompiled packages, confident that I do know how to compile ports on my own should I want to. The two things that made me install FreeBSD rather than OpenBSD was (1) the better hardware support when it comes to Intel-derived architectures, and (2) not as opinionated and, frankly, in many cases plain rude, project leads. From a technical and documentation standpoint, OpenBSD is utterly fantastic and FreeBSD is doing its best to get ahead. See, one of the reasons CSV managed to get so ubiquitous is precisely because all those things are unspecified. CSV is not a popular format; CSV is the name we give 960 visually similar but very different formats that as a collective are popular. The thing you use CSV for is not it's technical merit. You use CSV for its ubiquity. If you nailed down all those things you talk about, you would have a much, much smaller user base and there would be no reason to use CSV in the first place. (Hey, this reminds me of a similar situation governing s/CSV/C/g...) Daniel J. Bernstein or djb is a very well known crypto expert with no apparent secret agendas. ...but unless you actually send an email it is still just as unvalidated as it was before. Regexes aren't a tool to determine that a string refers to a mailbox capable of receiving mail. If you use regexes (or any other method of that does not send emails) all you're saying is that you don't actually care whether or not the string points to a recipient (much less the correct recipient). And don't get me wrong. It is absolutely okay to not care whether or not the string refers to a correct recipient. Most places that make me write my email have no business caring about it. But please also then make the field optional. Not to mention that writing a composable first-class API to contruct regexes should be fairly elementary in Python. And what I'm saying is that either the system relies on functioning email addresses, in which case they need to be ensured to work anyway. ...or the system does not rely on working email addresses, in which case drop the pretense, make it an optional field and peoples' days will suck less. Besides the practical issues mentioned, it's this no-brained "why the heck not" collection of personal data I'm turning against. Either you need the stuff and then you have to work for it, or you dont and then you have nothibg to do with it. I thought about that too, but I suspect it may be some sort of race to idle thing. yes | head -50 will not accept new signatures into known_hosts. Not sure how you reached that number. The Elm code, with blank lines removed, is less than 320 lines. Given the incredibly spacious style its written in, I'd definitely say 300 rather than 400. But sure, that's still a lot. Part of it is that Elm lacks the proper generics support (which you can observe in the function names) and part is that the archotecture chosen by the creator may not be optimal in terms of maintainability. For example, type Cell = NotOwned CellLocation | OwnedBy CellLocation Player and I think, why not type Cell = Cell Location (Maybe Player) ? Its isomorphic (carries the same information) and it removes the need for the complicated getters. Real IQ tests (i.e. not ones with portraits of Einstein on them) cover a few more areas than spatial awareness. This makes them a useful diagnostic tool sometimes -- as a personal anecdote, there is a huge difference in my score if you remove the processing speed parts, which apparently is evidence in favour of ADHD. But even so, they are hugely limited in determining many very important qualities. Like social skills. It's just another number we can calculate that happens to be relatively fixed by genetics and has some predictive power. But so is your height, and nobody raves about that. Now I'm curious. From an archival standpoint, wouldn't a pencil be better than a pen unless you're using some really high quality ink? I find that ink degrades much faster than graphite when it is exposed to light and moisture. I don't know about that. Essentially there's this range from "use a lot of storage" to "use a lot of computing power". Most traditional file systems use a lot of storage and that's that. ZFS let's you pick a point on the scale it will operate at. > but what is 1 cup of cheese? Or 1 cup of broccoli? 1 cup of walnuts? ... depending on how granular it is, how finely chopped or shredded it is Well, the recipe should give you an indication of granularity, although you won't get an ASTM number. That said, for cooking you're supposed to eyeball it a bit and judge through experience. Rarely does a little too much broccoli kill. It sucks when it's a new dish or you are inexperienced -- but if you can't afford practise runs where the result is allowed to be sub-par, then it's probably a good idea to switch to a different source of recipes. Are you saying there are reasonably priced long-lasting equivalents to graphite brushes? I'm asking out of ignorance. Because that would be really good to know when buying any appliance that has a rotating part. My impression is that they all use graphite brushes. > And the brain mode for 'developer' is VERY different from the brain mode for 'support agent'. This is something I can have trouble with even personally. I have noticed that when I get home from a long day of cold, analytical problem-solving, I mbrain bad at shifting my brain to empathetically listen and provide emotional support for my wifes problems. This was an incredibly satisfying format for this. Cool! Hah. Going by the "anything you compile with a magic box becomes itself a magic box" argument, even the OpenBSD base is a magic box as soon as you run it on an x86 machine. Proprietary, closed software will never replace open source software with standars protocols. This sounds like wishful thinking but it's more of a statement of fact. Not only because all long-lived protocols we use have open standards, but also because for many companies it does matter whether they can host their own server or not. I have started really enjoying R (with tidyverse) because it allows me to present complicated topics in a very simple manner. I can easily embed short R snippets and LaTeX equations in an Emacs Org mode document, and then export it as a very nice-looking easy-to-read HTML or PDF document with basically no effort other than coming up with the text itself. It is incredibly liberating. > What passes for lambda expressions in R is clunky. Is that really the case, though? It seems like `function (args) body` is about as simple as it gets, and just as simple as in many other languages. I really like the look of that right-aligned thing and I wonder if it works in practise. Any way to get Emacs to do that for me? > Would it not make more sense to take the interface (modal editing, etc) and wrap it into module that can be easily embedded into several different IDEs, to handle text-specific tasks? Absolutely would. The issue is that this is (evidently) a surprisingly hard problem. I say evidently because I dont know /why/ it is so hard, only that extremely few people have succeeded. Or just Emacs in general. Emacs is practically a platform where you pick both language support and UI paradigm as plugins, rather than limiting yourself to one (Vim) or the other (regular IDE). This is the kind of design that works in print (and, I accidentally discovered, on my AMOLED display) but which a regular computer monitor turns into a weapon of eye destruction. Another important part of design is that you have to consider the medium. At all times. (I'll have to stop here before I go on a rant about mobile apps with "color samples" people use when picking wall paint colours... Do try to get evaluated for medical conditions; stuff like sleep apnea, ADD, smoking, depression etc. can all affect this. If you are suffering from something beyond bad habits that's very important to know. And I know several of these are cpnsidered to be overdiagnosed so try to see a serious therapist who will see you over multiple longer sessions before coming up with a diagnosis to get rid of you. I don't know, both figures seem entirely reasonable to me. However, looking at the OECD figures for Germany of yearly tax revenue (all types of taxation) per capita (15 kUSD) and yearly average wages (45 kUSD), you'd think 30% was the average tax pressure. It then makes sense that you'd pay slightly more taxes, given that you probably earn more. What the other person may have referred to is some combination involving the tax wedge (the ratio between labour taxes and labour cost not counting taxes), which is 50% in Germany currently, and was near 55% a few years ago. But that number is not relevant to this discussion... I'll have to accept your statement at face value because you don't provide a credible reference, but I'll remain skeptic. Huh, cool. That's a great illustration of the two general ways to achieve reliability. Either you make it rather hard to break in the first place (bury powerlines underground, write software with strong type systems) or embrace the fact that either way, it will break eventually, so maybe it's just better to focus on making it easy to fix (powerlines in the air, write Erlang-style software that reboots quickly in the face of error.) Not from the book but personal experience: This is also useful to understand preconditions by reduction. I.e. if you want to understand a theorem, it can sometimes be useful to start by figuring out the reason behind the preconditions. "Why does this apply only to balls that have hair?" Simply go, "What would the theorem imply if I start with a smooth ball instead?" This practise can also lead to generalisations. Oftentimes starting with a smooth ball will make you go "What? That't can't be possible." But sometimes, starting with a smooth ball leads you to, "Huh, that's really, really weird. But it's not a contradiction in and of itself. I could use that result in another context!" Lab too! I'm a digital photographer and operations in Lab space is both integral to my work and once you get used to it, it's very intuitive. Why open messages, though? You can paste quick calc results with ctrl y and they end up in messages none the less. > This might make sense from a procrastination point of view, but my point is that you should stop there to revise your strategy so that it will be _easier_ to resume. But with pomorado you just have to grind through because your 20mins isn't up yet... To me that seems inefficient. I think you people use different definitions of "break". What you (tomxor) describe as "revise your strategy" is probably a task that the other person thinks should be done within the 20 pomodoro minutes, and then a break is not "stop your actual work to think about your work instead" but rather "play angry birds" or "have a water cooler chat". At least to me, if I get stuck but know that I have time left in my 20 minutes, I am more likely to switch to rethinking my strategy than if I feel like I have the option of taking a break right now. People often seem to miss this. In many ways, cycling is a terrible form of exercise precisely because it is such an efficient mode of transport. Not denying that moving limbs is good for you! I also love cycling, which is a very important factor. I'm just saying that minute for minute, you spend more calories on inefficient modes of transport such as running or swimming or rowing or lifting heavy junk, so if your primary concern is maximising exercise in as little time as possible, that's the first place to look. > When you're operating on lists as trees, the names first and rest are actively misleading. The car and cdr are the left and right subtrees, not the first and rest of something. If by trees you mean 2-ary trees, sure. For any other n , #'first and #'rest are probably the correct generalisation. Darktable does deletion. If you press "delete" instead of "remove", files are deleted from the file system as well as the library. Did you try the middle mouse button click on the Darktable sliders? That's a great feature which gives you much more control over the sliders. > Yes, a computer without the correct application installed could not reasonably be expected to open the file. I disagree. I write my presentations in Org. Perfectly readable even to peooole without Emacs. I do my accounting using hledger. Perfectly readable etc. I do my $task using ${plain text format}, peefectly readble even to people without ${tool that helps me format the document nicely}. Etc. Why generate symbols that are not permitted anyway? You'd lose nothing by emitting the base16 encoding of the symbol. I might adopt this strategy. I really like most aspects of it. Without subtracting anything from the main point on plain text, it sounds like this person is in many senses reinventing the Org file format! Plain text as a storage medium, not as a design element. > Also, restricting yourself to the 16 characters in hex encoding makes your passwords that much easier to guess. No. Entropy does not change by adding redundant bits. > I also have much better visibility at junctions on the main road instead of on bicycle lanes that are closer to walls and hedges and have 3 or 4 meters less of buffer between me and incoming cars from the right. I'm also less visible to them. More anecdata: I take the bike when I can, and I have had motorists run into me a few times. Every single time has been on dedicated bike roads. Don't get me wrong -- I have had many, many more near misses on regular roads, but regular roads are built in ways which make it easy to convert impending collisions into near misses. Bike roads tend to not have those margins. Before dedicated bike roads can be considered a solution, they must be built in ways which make me feel safer when I choose them. That is one of the things that annoy me most about new bike lanes. Why do they put them on the left side of left turn lanes!?? Look, we have had lanes for traffic like a century now. It shouldn't be hard. They just have ti do what they always did! (Also the stupid unsafe cycling advice of staying to the left. Take the lane and take the correct lane, please.) There is at least two of those four-way yields in Stockholm, and yes, it is of course absolutely insane. In a regular junction you already have to 1) Yield to traffic inside the junction, 2) Yield to traffic approaching from your right. In a four-way yield junction, you have to 1) Yield to traffic inside the junction, 2) Yield to traffic approaching from your right, 3) ??????? to traffic approaching from the left. It breeds confusion and has no advantage over a regular intersection. Unless, of course, you count confusion as an advantage. Which you do if you drive the vehicle with the largest inertia around. Which is something you pay, at least in abstract, for someone else to clean up the carbon dioxide you litter the atmosphere with. If you dpn't want to pay the cleaning fee, don't litter -- take the bike! I'm also surprised by that. I do not feel safe trying to filter through traffic unless I know the light periods very well. And in a queue is one of the places I feel safest starting and stopping. I can accept an argument about how a slow bicycle is wobbly, but from a pure power standpoint, there is much less acceleration involved in a queue than in many other cases. If motorists have a problem with cyclists, its often about acceleration. You ask great questions and they have been answered by someone else already! These dedicated bike roads do not have grade separated junctions, so in intersections sometimes motor traffic has to use a part of the cycleway, and sometimes cycle traffic has to use part of the regular roadway. Did this happen during a blind spot check or did you look to the side in order to determine a good speed and find a gap to merge into? When this kind of thing happens, its in my experience much more often for the latter reason. The driver keeps looking over their shoulder for one, two seconds or more, in order to figure out the flow of traffic in the other lane, while ignoring their lane. By accident, of course, but its worth keeping in mind. Or configure whatever caching DNS serveryou currently have installed on your LAN to do the same. Oh, you don't have a DNS cache on your LAN? Strongly recommended for performance reasons, if not privacy as well. I don't remember what actual measurements I ended up with, but latency realmy hurts! Sounds very interesting. Out of curiosity, why would I use this over, e.g. Org mode? Good suggestion. I sandwhich Dnsmasq between applications and dnscrypt-proxy[1] because the opennic anycast servers were too slow otherwise. [1]: https://two-wrongs.com/secure-dns-on-a-laptop-with-debian.ht... Is it an option to just feign ignorance and claim not to know the password? Sure, they might confiscate it but I guess then you'll have to find a cheap alternative to restore your backups to until/if you get it back. Plausible deniability in case of consequences for not revealing password. The irony of it all is that traffic signals were introduced to make traffic flow more easily! The primary function of the traffic signal lies not in the red period, but the green. Traffic signals are what lets you blow through intersections with bad visibility at 50 mph, rather thanhave to slow down to 15 and carefully check for cross-traffic. I have strong confidence in my home ISP -- they have a track record of standing up for their customers, they are vocal about human rights to privacy and they generally are not easy to compel. So, naturally, I run a VPN server on my gateway machine. But just looking at the market out there, I feel incredibly fortunate that I can choose such a good ISP. They are very rare. If at some point you study scientific philosophy, you will learn a lot of terminology that makes it way easier to discuss these things. You might want to look up the anti-realist school of thought and obviously the Kantian view of it. Second the Ada note. That language is so well constructed and thought out on many levels. ...except the outer, most superficial level. I'm genuinely afraid that it will never "catch on" because it just looks weird. (But not weird enough to attract that kind of people.) It's a shame because - Ada generic packages are exactly what C++ templates should have been - Derived types and record extension is inheritance that makes sense - Access types are obvious in hindsight - Correct terminology for procedures and functions does help a lot in communication - RAII in the shape of controlled types feels a bit bolted on but it works very well - Named blocks and explicit closing is easy but very useful - Class-wide types are deemphasized the way polymorphism should be - The -gnatyy flag is almost as good as gofmt. - Tasks and protected types form a very intuitive and safe concurrency mechanism - Having contract-based programming as an option built into the language is way superior to relying on asserts in the procedure - While not always budgeted for, when there is time to spend, SPARK is uh-mazing. Strong guarantees at relatively low cost, and reasonably easy to learn as well. Four versions of Ada, named after the year it was released: 83, 95, 2005, and 2012. Each new version adds features on top of the previous. Ada 83 has - arrays, - records (structs), - derived types (subtypes carrying the same data as parent type), - subtypes, - access types (thick pointers), - procedures (subprograms executed for their side effects) and functions (subprograms that return values), - Named parameters - reference arguments (greatly reducing the amount of pointers you have to deal with) - Default values for arguments - overloading by type - in/out parameters - private package parts (encapsulation) - generic packages (kinda like C++ templates) - exceptions - tasks (concurrent processes that communicate with message passing) ----- Ada 95 adds a lot of things that make it easier to do Java-style OOP: - Record extension (inheritance; subtypes carrying additional data their parent type does not) - Dynamic dispatch of subtypes - Abstract types - Subprogram access types (function pointers) - Sophisticated package hierarchy (though potentially somewhat unintuitive: child packages extend their parents, parent packages are not umbrellas for children the way they are in Python) - Protected types (protected objects) - Modular types (unsigned ints with defined overflow characteristics) - Unbounded_String (the std::string of Ada, compared to the char[] situation in Ada 83) ----- In Ada 2005, the greatest addition is probably the Collections packages, which added several common data structures to the standard library: - Instance.Method(Param) syntax sugar for Object.Method(Instance, Param) - Interfaces - Controlled types (RAII) - Removed silly restrictions on access types - Keyword "limited" to import only declarations - Keyword "raise" takes exception message directly - Pragma Assert ...and this is where I need to get off the train. Anyway, bookmark the Ada 2012 Reference Manual. It has everything in it. Edit: ...but look what I found! https://www.adacore.com/about-ada/comparison-chart There is a free and open Ada implementation these days: GNAT, the GNU Ada Translator, is a full and complete implementation of Ada. Definitely! My C coding improved vastly after spending some time with Ada. Though it's worth keeping in mind that it's not only about each individual thing being good – it's also that they work really well together. > it's not aimed at users of the language. Is it not? It doesnt contain recipes, no, but it fully documents the fundanental units of the language youll express your solution in. But it's a big deal to say, "Whenever safety matters, you alwys have room for a runtime with a garbage collector." I feel like you hven't substatiated that claim. For the record, in PL jargon, "strictness" commonly refers to how soon the arguments in a function call are to be scheduled for evaluation. Using it to talk about the extent of static correctness checks can be slightly confusing! Prove running time as in complexity analysis is more analysis than algebra though, right? > It's a difference between obtaining an answer for a specific instance of a situation, and shedding light on some fundamental/universal property of the world. They're also completely different questions in the sense of what you mean when you say "this result is correct." The ball velocity is really a simplified model that gives you a correspondence truth (you verify by running the experiment and taking a measurement.) The exidtence proof gives you a coherence truth, i.e. there are no unknown factors and ur statement is absolutely true. Just giving terminology to your intuition: coherence truth vs correspondence truth. Not only between displays, but also between lighting conditions in the environment where the display is used. In principle, you should recalibrate every time you switch bulbs – even more important any time the monitor moves to a different room! > (1) not leaning on your arms I can already guess an answer to this, but would you mind expanding on it anyway? I tend to do this on my bicycle a lot. I have a huge fascination for technology that doesn't depend on forcing movement of electrons. I also think it's an important sustainability issue that we feel at least somewhat responsible to collectively, in our immediate social environments, don't forget how to do things "the old way". It doesn't have to start at global scale mutual destruction. A smaller community can go through a crisis and be left with little means. Does it make sense to suffer really primitive living conditions while waiting for someone to come and reinstate the tech we're used to? Isn't it better if, in addition to hoping for external help, we make an effort to avoid forgetting our legacy? In the unlikely event that it's needed, I can still take pen and paper notes at a hundred words per minute. I can still take and develop film photographs with expired chemistry. I'll still do fast multiplication with a slide rule. I'll cook food safely with a mercury thermometer and camping stove, I'll shave with a sharp blade and be in the next city before you know it on a bicycle. These are all things you can practise even if you live in a city and deal with computers a lot. Edit: Oops, accidental rant. I think in this case a slippery slope counterargument is not obviously wrong. According to the UN, a person's correspondance is sacred and each and every one has a universal right not to have the privacy of their correspondance breached. Why are we now debating the privacy of encrypted correspondance from a baseline of no privacy for unencrypted correspondance? What says we will not continue to accept more and more, as long as it is only a small step from status quo? This is something that intrigues me about well-written low-level code. If you make some concessions on expected behaviour, the code can be really clean and simple. But you have to know which concessions are acceptable yet yield this result, and that's super hard, at least to me. Are you saying you need statements in your loop blocks!? I just added this to a school assignment: for (String next = in.readLine(); next != null && dictionary.add(next); next = in.readLine()); ...you can sense my contempt for this assignment. I would of course never do this in a real program. It lacks coherence and overview and structure. I'm sure you'd agree that taking related "and thens" and wrapping them up in a procedure would be helpful. The next step after that is coming up with more informative relations than "and then". A description like "I went off the platform and then on the train and then I looked at the nearest seat and then I saw it was occupied and then I looked at the next seat and then I saw that was occupied too snd then I repeated that and then I saw an empty seat and then I walked toward it and then I sat down and then ..." is begging for structure by wrapping up into procedures "I boarded the train, and then I located the closest free seat, and then I sat down in it ..." with the obvious definitions. That can in turn can be further improved to "After boarding the train I sat down in the first free seat ..." where the relations between the things are more useful than "and then". Maybe CPS? https://www.it.uu.se/edu/course/homepage/avfunpro/ht10/notes... What are you saying here? That it does not classify as a hash function (determinism, uniformity, various forms of collision resistance, one-wayness) or that it is not a hash of the contents ? Wait, what? You recommend Emacs but not StumpWM? I've used -- for longer periods of time, of course -- Awesome, Xmonad, i3, and dwm; while some of them are better at some things than StumpWM, StumpWM is the only one that provides an Emacs, live-hackable experience. So these days, I strongly prefer that. Neat! One of the RAID mirror drives at home is showing some pre-failure signs, so I'm looking to insert a hot spare. I guess HGST or Toshiba is the way to go! This kind of makes sense. I mean, sure, never breaking backwards compatibility is a great way to get popular, but you also end up with systems that are inflexible and hard to maintain. Also, Microsoft Office 2019 somewhat looks like the title of a science fiction thriller. Maybe if you are doing deprecated GL_BEGIN stuff -- but that is ridiculously inefficient even in languages with native bindings! I don't see how FFI overhed would be a big deal for modern GL code. Most of the bindings happen only once. Then, sure, you update some buffers and ask the shaders to draw, but the buffer updates are likely limited by available bandwidth between primary memory and GPU, and the actual drawing is done in-GPU by shaders -- the single FFI call to start that process does not seem like a big deal in comparison. Even for soft realtime I'd much sooner reach for Ada than C... Ooh, I'm no longer involved in the Python world but I love presentations by Hettinger. Thanks! This is a major annoyance for me, a former OS X user (stopped using it turned to shit in all other regards). I have had to work really hard to get text to render well in Linux terminal emulators -- iTerm2 had good typography out or the box, modulo the default typeface. Sure! There are a few major reasons: - The built-in concurrency primitives are designed with real time systems in mind, freeing you from the need of constructing a cyclic executive and scheduling manually. - The tools to deal with time constraints and diagnose why deadlines were not met are very high quality. The Ravenscar profile essentially guarantees that all scheduling decisions are known statically. - Not strictly real time related, but since real time systems are often safety priority systems I'll mention it anyway: Ada makes memory management hard to get wrong. If you're interested, I think Programming Real-time with Ada 2005 over at Embedded.com[1] provides a really good overview. Many of those features are meant for safety critical hard deadline systems and are consequently overkill for bedroom experiments, but for those projects you can just take the default basics and get 98% of the way there. (If the article seems outdated in some aspects, recall that there were some further imptovements to the standard in 2012.) [1]: https://www.embedded.com/design/prototyping-and-development/... vs "I often feel like I'm the only one doing the dishes" vs "I have gotten the impression you like helping out, but I also noticed that sometimes you don't do the dishes even when you have good opportunities to. Is something wrong? Can I help you get started with that in some way?" I strongly prefer the latter. More verbose, yes, but it also acknowledges the other person does help, it does not assume malice, and it anchors a strong desire to help out. Which is ehat we want! Does anyone know of a respectful ad platform suitable for authors who prioritise the privacy of their readers? My site fits your descriptions, but I have avoided adding ads because all good options I know are scary and not good for the readers. It would be nice to be able to justify writing more though. Also worth mentioning that whatever is slow, profile it to find out why. Sometimes only the smallest tweak is necessary to get it up to speed again. (Different tweaks for different configurations, so can't be a default.) For interactive use, profiling is as simple as M-x profiler-start, doing what causes the slowdown, and then M-x profiler-report. I have tried various solutions including Jekyll, some Haskell scripts, and a home made POSIX shell tool built on make, m4, awk etc. What has worked best so far is Org publishing. The reasons I prefer it are primarily that 1. The Org file format is olain text, easily edited on the phone and generally great. 2. I can embed source code in many different languages and have it execute during publishing and embed its results in the document. This can be used both for a "Python notebook" style document, and to programmatically generate things like markup! 3. I can write a single coherent document and then slice it different ways to publish one technical manual as PDF, one summary blog post, and some slides with key points -- all from the same source material. 4. The publishing process is very hackable, so customizations are easy. (Of course, you don't have to use Emacs as your editor, you can just create a git hook or alias to run Org publish in shell script mode.) This sounds like something one should ask people who do not write portable makefiles, rather than porters of Make, which has been standardised for quite a while now. Two sides to this coin as well: I'm baffled that what was previously called linear algebra is now called "AI", but it has also emphasised to me how much I need to get better at linear algebra... This was very neat. What I'm about to say should not detract from that – this is probably one of the better palette tools I have used, if not the best. But why on Earth would you want a user account and cloud storage for 15 bytes of colour values? I suspect it means something like "according to calculations using a noticeably approximate model of reality". That's what people tend to mean, anyway. "Theoretically" is often code for "My model does not correspond to reality". It annoys me, actually, that "theory" has this negative connotation of noncorrespondance. > And when that happens, trying to patiently pull a "well, technically" and explain to them about RFC this and the specs say that is a way to lose users. Not in my experience. Showing compassion and agreeing with them that what happened is terrible and you wish things were different but you didn't call these shots back in the days and if they want improvement you can both go together and complain to google, the service which is actually broken. Most people just want to be listened to. If you can do that, you'll earn a loyal fan, even if you don't do exactly what they tell you to when agitated. Some will even appreciate learning more about the email systems after the fact. They may even get the feeling you went above and beyond by offering to help them with matters outside of your site. > And for what? To make it easier to hand-type a URL? Does anyone even do that? This dilutes your otherwise excellent point. URLs are great when done right and lots of people prefer them to the sites search functionality. But that is entirely orthogonal to identities, which barely ever need to show up in a URL. (Unless treated as permanent and uniquely attached to physical people, which we agree they should not.) > My setup is idiosyncratic No, it makes sense. You want to play videos in a video player. Until those services let you choose your video player, i will remain sceptic. Yeah, I suspect something like that. I'd be much more worried about a (relatively cheap) VPN provider ratting me out than my ISP. This extends beyond public wifis -- people put way too much trust in LANs. When I connect to a foreign LAN, I treat it as if I had connected straight to the internet. Once you start thinking in terms of using JS to hash the password it's very easy to end up reimplementing HTTPS in your own client code. Just a hash isn't going to do much because replay attacks, so you need additional measures in place. Just running HTTPS is way preferable to implementing your own HTTPS in JavaScript. But, of course, the larger problem is the password itself. No matter how you spin it with hashing or whatnot, a password is still a shared secret. You need to communicate a secret to the other party so they can verify it. You can almost hear how flawed a technology it is from the description, and I'm honestly surprised it has been allowed to exist for so long. I feel like this article makes two strong arguments in favour of C: 1. You need to know C because C is popular, and 2. You need to know C because C is a lowish-level language. I can't very well argue with the first point -- indeed, nearly everything fundamental is made in C or the C-like subset of C++ still -- but I oppose myself to the second. I do think you should learn a lowish-level language, but there are good reasons to make that language something like Ada instead; something high-level enough to have concurrency primitives yet low-level enough to force you to consider the expected ranges of your integers and whether or not you want logical conjuctions to be short-circuiting. Something high-level enough to have RAII managed generic types, yet low-level enough to let you manipulate the bit layout of your records. High-level enough to have exceptions and a good module system for programming in the large yet low level enough to have a built in fixpoint type and access to machine code operations. Unless you target C specifically for its popularity, there are other options out there, filling the same gap. > * How the code is executed on modern hardware and operating systems. Does anyone know this at this point? With pipelining, out of order execution, vectorisation, register renaming, speculative execution, buffered micro-op fusing and what have you, it's very hard to say general things about how the code executes on the actual hardware. I can recommend MIPS assembly. It has been the only assembly I've used that actually felt like it was intended for human consumption. > "huh ... I didn't know you could do that." To be fair, that is not an entirely uncommon thing to say when watching a user work with something you made. I have an issue with the idea of "teaching new practitioners X while telling them that X is not to be used seriously", for so many reasons. 1) It is doing a disservice to the students to tell them that you won't use much of what you are made to learn. 2) A nontrivial amount of people will attempt to use it seriously anyway, sometimes with disastrous results. 3) It usually indicates teacher laziness and/or disinteredness in finding alternative ways to teach. 4) Surprisingly often, when you are not supposed to use X, it is actually useless to learn X. (That is NOT the case in this situation -- there are reasons to learn C -- but the students can't know that unless told so.) 5) There are almost always better alternatives. I have never been unable to find a Y which fulfills the same criteria as X, yet in addition is also usable for serious things. It's just that sometimes you have to look a little harder for it. In other words, I think it is a teacher's categorical responsibility to find a means to teach what they want in a way that is practically applicable by the students right away . And failing to do so should be taken as a strong hint that what they want to teach may not be the thing they should teach . I wouldn't say this if I didn't firmly believe that you can teach most things in a way that grants the student immediate practical applications. And I don't say this in a political way -- of course everyone should have the liberty to teach whatever useless thing they want in whatever shitty manner they cn come up with. I'm viewing it more as requirements on any teacher who wants to call themselves good, or tell themselves they are doing their students a service and improving mankind. I'd recommend Ada over C for embedded hobby applications; mostly because it will reduce the time you spend debugging by detecting more errors up front and forcing you to be very clear with what you are trying to say. Less frustration and more secure (matters now with internet of things). But also because it makes it easier to deal with asynchronous actions and has facilities for higher level programming should there be room for it. Sure, but at that point you are content with learning "the x86 virtual machine" -- and is that fundamentally different from being content with learning "the Java virtual machine"? I'm arguing that it's a matter of degree, not of kind. People make it seem like it's the latter. > I've heard C language was designed with the idea that the programmer knows what he is doing and the programming language shall not be standing in his way. It's also been said to have been developed with the idea that compilers for it should be really easy to write, so let's just not spec half the language. ;) Freedom comes as a consequence, not independently. I get emails where the text/html part is fully fleshed out, and then the text/plain part is just the string, "Can't see the formatting? Click here!" where the last two words presumably lead to an HTTP served version of the email text. Hey, I can see the formatting. I just choose not to. If you, on the other hand, can't even attempt say what you want to say with plain text, it's probably not something I care about anyway... I can see both sides of the coin. It would make sense if the only way to depend on an instances hidden values was through its public interface. That way, each object is a truly independent actor, specified by and only by its public interface. You and me both belong to the general class of humans, but you still have to ask me if you want to borrow my money. I desperately need better nomenclature, but it is essentially what I think of as "implementation hiding for security and reliability reasons". You specify a small-ish set of methods that depend on the internal state of only this object, you verify their goodness, and then calmly implement all other operations in terms of those. Then Java is based on "implementation hiding for maintainability reasons" -- i.e. it's really important that if you refactor something private in a file, your commit should only have to mention that file, and no other file can depend on private members in other files. In this case, the "reliabiliy" perspective confers greater maintainability, at least in one dimension. On the other hand, much lower flexibility, as several people have mentioned already. In some loose sense, it's the distinction between a syntactic perspective (boundary crossing happens at the file level; the characters on screen determine what implementation hiding means) and a semantic perspective (the objects should occupy an utopia where they do not distinguish between each other based on class, if you excuse the pun. What matters is their allowed behaviour and that interaction.) I am afraid I have failed to express this in neutral terms because of my preexisting biases, but I hope the idea comes across anyway. > computers truly are so fast that it wouldn't look any different to the end-user; a 1ms and 1us delay upon each keystroke is, to the user, practically indistinguishable. Unless, of course, the 1 ms operation drains the users battery 1000x faster than the 1 us operation. Efficiency is no longer about speed, it's about noise, temperature, and battery life. Speed is a happy side effect. There is one more thing that frequently comes up -- for good reason -- but is not really a feature unique to Lisp, only a strong part of Lisp culture: live coding, inspection, self-documentation and hotswapping, or what we call hackability. If you don't like how some Lisp application works, you can frequently just replace the contentious parts as the program is running. If something does not seem right, it is trivial to inspect all parts of the internal state. If you don't understand a variable, you can look up its documentation inside the running program. It's a fantastic experience. > The python versions rely on 'non-obvious' syntax ...really? Look, I like APL and J much more than the next guy, but I can't find a single angle from which that is a reasonable argument. LaTeX equation syntax is a gateway drug to heavier typesetting systems. I also started out at maths pastebins when wanting to explain things to others in a readable way. I'm not sure... I think you raise a good point, and I would have the same thing as you before I started writing in Org and exporting to LaTeX, instead of a) writing in LaTeX directly, or b) drafting/outlining in Org and rewriting the final copy in LaTeX. Now I think exporting from Org is so much easier. This is what I do, too, except I use Org instead of knitr, because it lets me embed many more languages than just R. I should finish the blog post about this at some point... > Huls hadn’t heard of Schnitzler syndrome, either. He came upon it by using the database PubMed to look for a disease that matched the patient’s symptoms. He made a list of her symptoms and abnormalities. To get the full picture, he combed through her earlier electronic medical records, now archived in an old electronic warehouse, and found that her symptoms had started maybe a decade earlier. Then he looked for a disease that fit. It took hours before articles on this strange disorder began to appear. As he read, he suspected that she had it. Is this database open? If so, anyone in the same situation as the daughter in this article could spend the hours, rather than hoping a professional will. Not to self-diagnose, but to narrow down the list to a number of candidates the professionals are willing to look through. Sure, what takes the M.D. 6 hours might take me 40 hours, but if the alternative is 10 years of suffering for someone I love, it's easily worth doing. On a similar note, I have combed through a bunch of research on a particular type of medication recently, and I hope the fruits of my labour will pay off. Time will tell. Either way, I have learned a lot. Once you are dealing with somethibg that is difficult to diagnose and/or resistant to treatment (I might argue the two are the same thing on a fundamental level), a surprisingly large portion of medical care turns DIY. They never tell you this but unless you are actually made of bucks and can visit the best specialists in the world, it won't take long until you know more than the doctors you meet about the specific problem you're dealing with. I think a lot of it depends on how you present it and who you see. I have had the best results when leading the doctor on just to the point of tricking them into thinking they came up with the idea themselves. Play to their vanity!