I guess I didn't make myself clear. As of now, I do believe that homosexuality is sinful according to God's laws. And I believe it is very important that God's people obey God's laws. However, it is not important that I go around telling the people around me how wrong they are. Unfortunately, many people have made it their business to tell gay people how wrong they are by saying very hateful things. That ignorant behavior has become so common that if I simply mention that I believe homosexuality is sinful, I may (almost always) get put in the same box with all those hateful people. In addition to that, my friend does not consider himself one of God's people, so for me to tell him that he's not obeying God's laws would mean nothing to him except that he might think I'm looking down on him. So what I said was not merely an effort to avoid saying how I feel. I honestly said exactly what I think. There are lots of things that matter. My stance on this issue is one of those things that matters, but there are more important things to talk about. I did not downplay it. Prior to this, I had spent about an hour consoling him about his dad (who had said some very hateful things about his sexuality) and ensuring him that I love him even if other people are hateful. &gt; That's why they asked the question, and, as you said, after numerous attempts to avoid the question, you still avoided answering it honestly. Why would you continually make efforts to avoid that question? Are you that insecure about where you stand? I did not make attempts to skirt the question. I made attempts to avoid the conversation (about whether or not homosexuality is sinful), because Christians already say far too much on the subject. But since he asked, I did answer honestly. I told him exactly what I think. And I am very secure about where I stand. I have approached the issue very torn and open-minded, and, after much deliberation and prayer, I conclusively gathered that homosexuality is sinful. But I also concluded that we (Christians) should be focusing on all the positive effects of a relationship with God - not all the things that the people around us are doing wrong. I try to focus on the positive things in life. And I believe that, by doing that, the negative will have no room to grow. That is not asinine.
I was not dishonest. Everything I said is exactly what I think and how I feel. You should know that in response he thanked me for my honesty and open-mindedness. &gt; So your stance is important, just not important enough to talk about when your friend asks? Yes, exactly. My friend wanted to know if I was going to one day reveal that I had secretly hated him for being gay like his dad did. I believe that having a relationship with God and committing oneself to participate in the community of God's people are more important than whether one is gay or not. He asked how I feel. I told him how I feel. Nothing dishonest about that.
What about [Matthew 6:10]? I am a part of the Kingdom of God, but I'm in this world. So how can you say that the Kingdom of God is not of this world? The Isrealite theocracy pleased God at times. In fact, there were periods when they were quite sucessful in doing God's will.
When I read the OT, the pattern that I notice is that when the leadership/government fails to uphold Godly values, the people stray from God's ways. But when the governors are Godly, the people follow God's ways. I would say rules/government have a major effect on people's hearts.
It's not idolatrous to have human leadership. God appointed several judges over Israel. They were given the authority they needed to rule the people as well that the tools (e.g. wisdom, kindness, patience) they needed to avoid abusing their authority.
