I'm having this same dilemma. I have an old Getzlaf jersey from 2007 and then a Lovejoy jersey as it is but I want the new jersey we got this season. I wanted to get a Silfverberg but I'm waiting until we re-sign him or something. I thought about getting a Jackman jersey but we only sign him 1 year at a time and I don't want him leaving as soon as I buy it. I REALLY want a Kesler jersey but he's another one I'm not sure about contract wise.
Yeah if he re-signs with us, like another 5 year deal, I'll definitely get his jersey. Hopefully on a sweet new 3rd jersey too.
You must have watched a different series than I did then. A few bounces go our way instead of Chicago's and we sweep them.
Haha I'm glad someone else from here saw them too. I got a picture with both of them. I was beyond stoked! http://i.imgur.com/dwM6S9W.jpg http://i.imgur.com/jCBpXGP.jpg?1 I didn't notice Gabby until I noticed Beauch so it wasn't a total shock factor I guess you could say. He was there with his wife and kid. His wife had a Ducks hoodie on, his son had a Ducks beanie on (he actually took the picture for me) and Gabby, as you can see in the picture, had a Ducks hat and polo on. I told him thanks for a great season and I hoped he could bring the cup back home to Anaheim next season. Providing he's still our coach.. Beauch was sitting 2 rows in front of me and I recognized him right away by his nose. I just went up to him and said "hey I know you're with your son and I don't want to bother you but is there any way I can get a picture with you?". And he was super nice about it and said yeah sure go ahead. I then told him that even though he might be disappointed about how things turned out that I was proud of the guys and thanked him for a great season and how I hope we re-sign him. But then I felt bad because I was the first one to get a picture with him then about 9-10 more people came down and wanted pictures haha. Gabby didn't even know Beauch was there until he walked through the aisle to go up and get something. The look on each others faces was priceless to see. They chatted for a bit too then Gabby and his family left after around the 4th inning. Beauch happened to stay all the way through the 10 innings. http://i.imgur.com/fRD5gbv.jpg
You mean he needs an explanation on HOW he scored the goal? If he has to ask why he needs to score a goal I don't think he understands the game very well.
