If it's not an equitable trade, such as being asked to give up the window or aisle seat for a middle seat, or trading a more desirable seat for a less desirable seat, i see no issue in people refusing. When purchasing airline tickets, most brokers give you the option - at no additional cost - to pick which seats you want. If the parent failed to do that and they are separated from their kid, that's on them. Other people are under no obligation to accommodate their lack of planning.
I'll preface this with i don't want kids now or anytime in the foreseeable future, but I've not eliminated the possibility, and i might feel otherwise in a few years. Or i might not, and that's cool too. I echo 2 sentiments already made here: leaving a legacy before i die, and raising awesome kids to counteract all the shitty ones out there. I can't count all the times in life someone has said to me or my family that i was "raised right" or my parents "did a good/great job on me". That's got to be an amazing point of pride or a sense of accomplishment in parents, knowing they helped mold good people.
I'll preface this with i don't want kids now or anytime in the foreseeable future, but I've not eliminated the possibility, and i might feel otherwise in a few years. Or i might not, and that's cool too. Kids are loud, messy, and obscenely expensive. I enjoy having my time to do with as i please, and not tied to my spawn. I'm also scared of having a disabled or special-needs kid; i don't have that kind of patience, and I've seen the toll that it can take on families And there are no do-overs with kids: you don't raise them right, and they turn out to be douchebags, that's a reflection on you and how you failed.
I've no problem with SAHMs if the family can subsist on single-income. And i don't mean the father working 2-3 jobs, 70-80hrs a week. I also think there's an inherent responsibility for SAHMs to maintain the household as well, or at least shoulder the majority of the load. The person working full time shouldn't then have to come home to cook, clean, etc. No, it does not take 8 hours of your full attention to watch a baby/child, where you can't do anything else. If my SO wanted to be a SAHM and we could afford it, I'd have no problem with it.
I trimmed off a fair amount the other day, as it had gotten somewhat ragged, was snagging a bit, and - now that summer is here - would have been uncomfortable in the heat.
