And as someone who lives in a pretty healthy home, even the tofu and tempeh part alone makes me cringe--huge misconception that tofu and tempeh are the be-all and end-all for healthy food.
I may be downvoted to hell for this, but there are benefits to eating organic versions of healthy food (read: *not* organic food, period, but organic versions of already established healthy foods). A lot of the pesticides, herbicides and radiation treatment lots of produce get are often considered potential (*small*, but still potential) cancer risks. Plus, with all the controversy around pesticides and the increasing strength of the pests they're intended to ward off, having produce that doesn't use them is a means of attempting to relieve this. But more important than organic produce is organic animal products. With such huge instances of animal rights abuse in factory farms, where "organic" guarantees at least a certain degree of care and good treatment of the animals, one can see why it may have such wide appeal. Plus, it makes you think differently of the food you're eating when the animal it comes from has differences in the growth hormones its given, and the health of the animal before it's killed. Plus, it's just more ethical for the animals. Look, obviously in the best case scenario we'd all be vegetarians, and regardless of the situation the animals are still killed for our food. But hey, if you're going to eat meat, wouldn't you rather the animal have lived a more pleasant life rather than suffer in a factory farm with terrible conditions? So yeah, it's not completely confirmed that organic food is not in any way, shape or form healthier than conventional food. It also goes way beyond health reasons why people would switch to organic. QUICKEDIT: It is not confirmed that organic food is not healthier. It is, however, unconfirmed how big of the difference is and that's what skeptics go on about. EDIT: OK screw it, my definition for organic farming was very much wrong. Still, there are some differences in the same vein. But you have every right to criticize me for what I have specified as the differences.
A good rule is to try to keep the stuff mostly away from your own home. If they have breakfast and dinner at home with no junk, then even if they had a snack with every lunch at school, that's still not a terrible ratio. Also, keep in mind that sugar is addictive. Not just psychologically--studies on rats have shown it to be more addictive than cocaine. So I'd say that while your philosophy behind the balance is good, I think it might still be dangerous in warding their cravings for the stuff. In terms of offering an alternative plan outside of what I've mentioned? Well...I don't know. I'm in college right now, and I'm actually thinking every day on how I'm going to approach that once I'm married with kids.
At least according to the pre-order bonuses listed, the only ones that are exclusive to the pre-order are emotes. The others seem to be early unlocks. So...
Just go read the comments on /r/StarWarsBattlefront, or on YouTube, or pretty much anywhere else on the internet. You'll get happy again.
