Stop overthinking and do what you feel. once you have pulled an "overnighter" (I am assuming this also means sex) then it's pretty much on. So relax, he is enjoying himself, you should be too.
"You suck dick right?"
Well, time to practice your baseball skills. Next time at bat, try to score second or third base!!! In my experience, once we are kissing and making out, the cocks become hard and if you touch him or draw attention to your hardon, it is just natural to wanna play with it. Ease him into a blowjob situation, and suck his cock. I find that sexual as hell and very intimate! It's not as big a committment as heading to the bedroom for upside down naked calisthenics, and often can be the most intimate way to provide pleasure.
Yes, it's a thing. Take note of specific instances IF there is a behavior you would like changed, be aware this isn't just about him, this is also about you. Look, I am a man's man kinda guy. I have tools, owned guns, intimidate younger straight boys, do my own brake jobs, fix plumbing and repairs around the house, remodeled the kitchen, et cet. None of that makes me feel insecure. But when my partner makes comments about my being our dogs mama to other men I would be insecure and object. Eventually I learned to deal with it and he learned to show enough respect that we reached a compromise. It just is key in realizing that just because he looks at you a certain way, that doesn't make you into that person. You can ask them to change, you can ask them what they mean, and explain how it makes you insecure. In my life he tells our 13 Lb Shih-tzus to "ask their momma for a treat" I have realized that it is endearing and affectionate and I no longer object, he does take my car to the gas station and fill it for me sometimes, and he does a lot of the laundry chores and we share the cooking. It works for me, I don't take any shit for it, when my work friends come around they get a kick because they all see me as very powerful and manly, and he allows them to see a tender side to me. EDIT: spelling, some grammar, (iPad autocorrect hell)
Hey str8 bro, no one likes being "catfished" and what they did to you was awful no matter their sexuality or gender. If you were recorded, against your will, and without your knowledge, that is not a crime. However, if you were recorded while you were being misled and they then disseminate your images to porn or other content providers, they have committed some crimes which are prosecutable and carry both civil and criminal liability (fines, restitution, jail time). If anything they may post it somewhere. If you do find it out there, seek legal help to have it removed and control it. Keep in mind that you are not a celebrity, so your pictures will not stand out unless someone knows you. Don't be too afraid, the pics will be largely unseen until you run for office...
