Yes, I've had an extremely rough time playing WoW, primarily between TBC and now. My problem isn't even pug groups because eventually you hit a point even as a new tank where your competency will outshine any flaws. WoW's normal and heroic dungeons only require a minimal amount of gear and competency in playing your class and role, nothing more. My problem is actually my experience with guilds and players on the realms I used to play on (i.e. Turalyon-EU, Emerald Dream-EU and Bladefist-EU.) And I don't agree with the notion that it's common courtesy to study boss tactics, because there are lots of players who can't be bothered to do it, and because a lot of bosses have very straightforward, blindingly obvious tactics. In Final Fantasy XIV, the groups are overwhelmingly friendly and will happily explain boss tactics. The big incentive is [Player Commendations and the title and vanity item rewards they provide.](http://ffxiv.consolegameswiki.com/wiki/Player_Commendation) I'd even consider FFXIV to be more difficult than WoW in terms of its raid content. In Wildstar, the groups are somewhere between friendly and douchebags. Some will happily explain boss tactics, others will flame at you for not knowing boss tactics. That's generally because Wildstar is more of a hardcore game with a smaller community than most other MMOs, and because attacks are very clearly telegraphed unlike other MMOs. When Wildstar goes F2P later this year, I imagine this'll be a different story entirely. In RIFT... well RIFT is toxic-as-fuck, but I think that's because it's a free to play game modelled to be exactly like WoW. There's also the fact that there were several dungeons in Storm Legion (such as Golem Foundry and Storm Breaker Protocol) which were either overtuned to the point where you needed a SL Tier 1 geared tank and healer to survive or were badly designed and required you to skip half the mobs in the instance through unexplained terrain exploits to survive.
/u/psione
Is it because you're not a fan of Nicolas Cage?
They have since downgraded their only 40-man raid into a 20-man raid. Also, a very, very, very, *very* small minority of the community got to experience Datascape since you have to progress through Genetic Archives first.
I agree. That statement is fucking disgusting.
