I don't know if it's the same stuff, but while working at a factory over the summer to help make some money during my college years I had a horrible experience with yellow paint. "Safety Yellow" it was called, and our job was to paint things around the plant that needed to be safety yellow. Doors, poles, rails; whatever. That paint... I literally don't know what it was made of. It was thick, and somehow sticky. Not sticky like you'd expect paint to be, but rather tacky. It seemed when it dried on literally any surface except the surface we were supposed to be painting it would not actually try, and the shit was like glitter. No matter what you did, no matter how hard you'd try to clean it off, if you got any on your hands or a finger or a few spots on your shirt it *would* find it's way, streaked onto your phone or your wallet or pop up on your steering wheel in your car and always magically end up on your skin in the shower two days later. For four years I worked with that shit, and I hated every second of it. Give me the red paint for the heavy fire doors, or the blue paint for the walls, or even the fucking silver and tar paint on the roof; anything but that goddamn yellow paint. Shit was sentient and chaotic evil.
I think (or at least hope) that Bungie has it set up this way so that everyone gets a chance to play through the bosses. So for example, I'm lvl 33 and didn't care to try Qodron last week because I didn't want to deal with fighting him at 1 lvl higher. But now this week I can get a taste of what other players did last week, though it's not as difficult. So in theory, next time Qodron comes around the rounds will be different.
Exactly what I call it, too. "Blue people avatar" or "blue avatar."
PULL!
While I appreciate your criticism and opinion, I have one question; what is the legality of posting Wizards' material online? Games Workshop, for example, is extremely strict about the stats and rules of their games being posted for others to see, and very quickly shuts down any attempt at making them publicly available. So, would Wizards care if I posted the brown dragon from 4e to use as a reference?
