After Bungie spent basically 7 months doing nothing in crucible but randomly cycling IBs I think it's ok for PvP to get a little bit of a focus for once. Plus, it's a Bungie game. If you didn't think PvP would be pertinent that's a pretty big consumer error.
Still not better than my Truth that shoots kittens. Story topping is cool!!!!!
Wait, so there's a PvE mode where you can do incredibly well and then get absolutely jack shit? And now PvP might actually reward you for completing a round as opposed to just showing up? I just want to make sure I understand that you are pissed off because you actually have to experience what PvP players got shafted with since Day 1. Right now, PvE is getting to play just the tip with Bungie, but PvP players have had it jammed up their anus's since the game dropped. How about instead of complaining that they didn't add more to where 95% of the game is, we think about the fact that it's a positive they shored up the other 5%? I know that's expecting a bit much, so feel free to return to that whine and cheese.
Awesome, thank you! I have to admit, i was pretty certain there was something else but knew it was a pretty irrelevant material.
In continuing kind of with JBurd, just jump on in to the raids. Seriously, if anyone gets all pissy and angsty because you "let them down" they probably need to take a break from the game. With that in mind, a huge reason that people keep around this game is because of the community and the fact that 99% of players seem to remember we were all new once. When you're ready to jump into a raid (give yourself 1-1.5 hours for a fresh run; 20odd minutes if you're just doing the end) post on an LFG site and be honest that you're a newbie. You probably won't see a difference in how quickly you get a reply, but this way you're likely to get someone who is looking to help someone learn the mechanics or the raid itself. let the team know you're not talkative but will listen; and then just be polite and reply when necessary. Source: Was sherpa-ing for a while until I took a break from the game.
