The turret thing wasn't a glitch, but a game mechanic.
It doesn't make sense for an ODST to carry a turret, period. The mechanic was left it because it was fun.
&gt; there's some story that's behind his new look How is that not confirmation of an in-universe explanation for the Chief's new look? &gt; Chief's armor change isn't mentioned in game This is probably the closest thing to evidence against the nanomachine theory, but that's a stretch. You know what else isn't mentioned in the game? Why there are suddenly Spartan-IVs. Does that mean they've always existed? Of course not. &gt;Chief's new undersuit matches the redesigned undersuit used by the SIVs &gt;Blue Team's Mark VI resembles Chief's redesigned armor, not his classic set. &gt;We know that's their Mark VI because of the H2A terminals Yes, Blue Team stated field testing Mjolnir components that would later be used in [GEN2]. At best, that helps explain the similarities between the Chief's upgraded suit and [GEN2]'s design. &gt; There are in-universe examples of Chief's redesigned armor prior to the events in Halo 4. There are also in-universe examples of the Chief's classic Mk. VI, such as his appearance in Halo 2 Anniversary and Spartan Strike. The comics generally use the "current" version of the Chief to avoid confusing casual fans. It's the same reason you have a statue of the Chief wearing his upgraded Mk. VI in the #HUNTtheTRUTH trailers. &gt; The battle damage sustained in Halo 3 is still visible on his new armor And there are plausible explanations for it's presence. Canonically, you never really see the Chief's armor until after he crashes on Requiem. It could easily have been sustained during that fall. I know you can actually see it in co-op or when you die, but those aren't canonical occurrences. &gt; Signifigant scarring to Mark VI cannot be repaired by nanobots. What does this have to do with anything? The Chief was in cryo for 4.5 years. Cortana made the upgrades while he was out. The nano-machines aren't something built into the suit. &gt; Chief's armor was repaired after defeating the Didact rather than replaced. Again, what does this have to do with anything? &gt; His new armor has thrusters which weren't on the classic design Mark VI. Cortana upgraded his suit. She could have easily added these. &gt; Concept art for Halo 4 showed Blue Team using nearly identical armor to Chief's That's not Blue Team, those are just Spartans. The art book even labels them as just general Spartans, and it's part of the section on the multiplayer. I have checked the evidence, and I find any idea that the Chief's new look is simply artistic severely wanting. I was on the side of it being simply an artistic change when we saw that first Halo 4 trailer, and continued to defend that position for months until I started seeing evidence that there was an in-universe explanation.
I doubt it will change your mind, but here's another quote from Frank O'Connor: &gt; "There's some fairly radical modifications to his armor," O'Connor said. "Some of those are an artistic evolution, but some are connected to the story. We just can't talk about it yet. He's been in space for a long time." [Source](http://www.ign.com/articles/2011/12/02/master-chief-will-change-in-halo-4)
&gt; Aren't you the person who runs Halo Canon? I am
