What you actually did was pick up a pack of dry erase redboard markers...
Both my arms and legs totally cramping up at the same time. Unfortunately this time was when I was lying in a A&amp;E bed having just been brought in having broken my tibia and fibia, and not been given any pain relief yet except gas and air in the ambulance. They were actually trying to get a line into my wrist to give me morphine, but because the muscles in my arms were all in total cramp they couldn't actually get at my veins to get a needle in. Then they partially reset my leg... With no pain relief. Lets just say Iit made my eyes water somewhat
I'm just amazed that no one tried jumping onto it from one of those balconies. It couldn't have been more than a foot or two to jump.
Beautiful. I salute you sir! Reminds me of the time we had an abusive customer at the security MSP I worked for as 3rd line escalation (i.e. 3rd line escalated tech queries to me). A customer, who was known for being a pain, was berating one of our (rare) female 1st liners for being too slow. Now this 1st liner was a bit of a technical numpty, but she was on the verge of tears and I could actually hear the guy shouting at her over her headset. I told her to transfer to me. He thought he had gotten his way because he was being transferred right into escalation. Oh boy was he wrong. I warned him to be civil or I would have to terminate the call, he got irate at this, so I hung up on him. I then told our call handlers to route him and any other call from his company to me and me only. Every time he raised his voice at me or swore (which he kept doing) I hung up on him (as was our policy). 7 times he called in in total. Then he got his boss to call, to whom I explained the issue, got the details of the technical issue and fixed it. The next day the 1st liner involved got a rather groveling apology email.
My step-daughter (6) is a speed demon. If it's just us in the car, we disable the front airbag on the passenger side, move her car seat into the front and she screams with glee as I do flat out acceleration down the dual-carriageway (my car do 0-60 in about 6.5 seconds). I've had to teach her that there are "fast roads" when there are no houses and more than one lane, otherwise she sits there going "Faster! Faster!" in 30mph limits, and shouting at cars that are in front of us. Our deal is that in no uncertain terms is she to mention this to her mother :-)
