I think the original post is somewhat deranged but raises enough points to be worth a serious answer Firstly, most of the people identified as such when they took the UK further into the EU, were doing it because it was an easy way to get change they wanted to see. EG, Tony Blair, with the Maastricht treaty social chapters, Human Rights Act, etc Going back earlier, in the 1980s one of the basic principles in favour of joining the ERM at a high exchange rate was that it put pressure on the private sector to curb price inflation (inflation and exchange rates are mutually interlinked, if you lock the exchange rate you can't devalue through inflation and have to control inflation instead) would you call Mrs.Thatcher a Euro-federalist? Defining characteristics that make these people non-federalist are their love of power, their desire to keep passing laws locally and telling people what to do. True federalists would realise their position as MPs is untenable unless they resolve not to use their powers Then.. there are the minority, the true federalists. People like me. I'm 37 years old. I've never been on a battlefield defending the sanctity of my nation's borders against invading armies. I've never needed to. Nor has my father.. although my grandparents fought. There was a major war in Western Europe more or less every 40 years from the era of the Roman Republic to 1945. One of the reasons I attribute to it having stopped is that when European nations have true freedom of action and policy, they invariably end up misaligned with their neighbouring states to such an extent that only war can resolve the differences. The Treaty of Rome stopped that, dead And millions live today who otherwise might not. The EU is often ridiculous, obstructive, inefficient, corrupt, silly, contradictory. And I am constantly glad of it A battlefield is a whole lower level of corruption and degradation. I don't expect many of you to agree. I will not respond to any replies to this posting, I feel I've said my bit.
No, its just feeling let down.
*^dogfish
I am seeing disturbing* crossover imagery from Woman In Love and LoTR now. *To me. It'd certainly appeal to some and good for them. BRB, off to poke out my mind's eye with a pencil
Or a chinese thing. In pancakes
