Good job thinking of Master Gundam Fuunsaiki! Nobody else has suggested that yet haha. Destroy is a good match for Fate/Stay Night's Berserker! Well chosen. Psyco Gundam fills a similar role, if one prefers UC.
I chose 00 Raiser instead of Exia because Raiser Sword is so similar to Excalibur, but the whole line fits pretty well. Good pick on Wing! Independent Operations is indeed a core requirement. A lot of people pick true-GN drive units, like Dynames, for this quality too. Not bad with Lancer. I like unconventional. I think Stargazer would be a better fit for Caster, personally, but I could definitely see it here. Funnily enough, [UBW's Lancer is also Caster in the new game coming out!](/spoiler) ^(Fate/Stay Night &amp; Fate/Grand Order spoilers) Funnels for Caster make more sense than funnels for archer, I think. People like blondie too much, I daresay, haha. Banshee is even better than Unicorn for Berserker. Good pick. Blitz is a perfect Assassin, too! I don't know any other cloaking mobile suit. I guess any other stealth suit could work, including some of Zeon's more experimental stuff after the OYW, and maybe even the Gundam Throne Drei from 00 with its stealth field.
Fascinating pick for Caster. Nobody else has gone that way. What makes you think it's a good pick? I can think of a few qualities, but I'm interested in your thoughts. Is it similar to any of the Fate-series Casters?
Gouf feels more like a berserker... Great pick for a UC Saber with the Gyan though!
Good picks! I really like Blitz as Assassin, Rider involving the transforming functions, and the various nonsense Casters. There are a couple of good Lancers out there, though! More than one or two mobile suits use polearms; the issue is finding a strong enough one to be a Heroic Gundam. RX-78-2 used a beam trident in the TV airing of MSG, the GN-X III and IV units from 00 used lances a lot, I think one of the Tallgeese units had one, but I'm going to go with something else: Quebley Papillion. Butterfly wings, funnels, and a terrifying lance! Invisible funnels make a scary Noble Phantasm move when she's in Embody mode! Funnily enough, Cu Chullain is actually [Caster](/spoiler) in the new game that's coming to iOS/Android soon, Fate/Grand Order.
