I had to pay bribes just to prove I am a human being while issuing for passport.
I disagree with certain posters here. Hinduism is a derivation of various cultures and is more of a people's religion, IMO. While not going into social and other ramifications, lets keep it spiritual in this reply. Although hinduism proposes an existance of a god as singular (Bhraman). Just like you have different grades for children who are different mental capabilities and maturity, similarly the philosophies of hinduism also accounts for the differences of level of spiritual maturity of individuals. Most of them are unevolved and cannot grasp more than what they touch and feel through their senses. In a slightly more complicated way, they are engrossed in the maya(grand illusion?) of the universe. So, for the starter hindu, they (pandits/proponents) will advise to pick an ishta-devta (Favoraite god) and start worshiping. Different people will like different gods due to stories or properties attributed to them in popular religious culture. What point does this serve? One must know what to ask of wish from the universe/god, and must pray in that direction - this is the basic tenet of any religion. If there exists a god who helps during financial calamities or helps improve them (Such as Lakshmi in Hinduism), the devotee focuses his/her thought on such a form/force and prays in that direction. In simple words, Idols, the attributes and stories, helps the devotee focus his thoughts and meditate more coherently. This basically helps with teaching how to meditate and devote oneself. Having idols will help the devotee feel he/she has served the almighty for their aspirations. Most idols are symbolism, and all practices aid in visual support for the recitation of the vedas/mantra (Sorta like religious hymns) in situations to aid the devotee. As one spends more time in devotion they may evolve to learn the forms of god are for focusing on worldly needs or desires, while the very same meditation learnt will help focus on a much higher goal, moksha (or unity with the bhraman/almighty). Sometimes it takes more than a few lifetimes to evolve from this phase. Idolatory is a basic expression of spirituality - prayer to gods (visual forms) or demi-gods is for accomplishment of worldly goals. Weather it works or not is a matter of another debate. If you go a little historically, when vedic religion spread, it did not as such destroy religious practices of the locals, rather incorporated them at best. Even today, the gods prayed to (minor or less popular ones) would be different in the North of India compared to south, yet the higher level spirituality or concepts of the same (The formless, omnipotent, etc god). As such Hinduism does not emphasis prayer to the Bhraman. You'll fine no priest or knowledgeable person saying "Pray to the bhraman or perform certain rituals for the bhraman" (Not bhrama! That's another visualized god). That's because, then again one would be mixing the maya with the moksha. Maya: Worldly activities --&gt; prayer with purposes (even world peace is a worldly purpose) --&gt; accomplishment of the same --&gt; prayer to gods attributed with qualities which will help one with the same --&gt;may include meditating upon the said god. Moksha: Medidation in breaking free from the maya --&gt; unity with the Bhraman. TL;DR: Idolatory helps in the spiritual evolution where the devotee realizes, not just intellectually, that purpose of meditation or faith or whatever is unity with the bhraman. P.S: In Hinduism, ask as much questions as one gets, as inquiry or the spirit of it again is primodial for moksha. Ofcourse, Like Gandhi says, challenging rituals or practices or changing them is the job of the people following the religion (as for other religions as well), or else the purpose would only be defamation. This lacks any taste, theological or otherwise.
This is an explanation given to the simple devotee who cannot grasp complex concepts....or to a child.
You do your job, in the best way you can, in the most just way you can. - Dharma Do not think of its divine ramifications unless it is a very big step. If if it may have, you still do your duty starting from preserving your life and evolving spiritually - Nishkramya You pursue wealth, achievements and necessities as required of you and for you. - Artha You pursue pleasures, (although it is advised with good judgement) - Kama You pursue spiritual evolution and breaking free from the maya - moksha. Lets break up your worries: 1. Intimate relation. Explanation: It is said that sharing food or bed with another increases your karmic load. This means you may have several more interactions with that person until the so called debts are cleared, in this life or future ones. Solution: Keep them less and be as just as possible to the people you have sex with. Beyond that be nishkrmyik. 2. College - infinite problems, infinite issues. What if your father had a bigger debt to pay to you in an another life? and you picking a college right for you, but is costlier is actually clearing that debt more rather than the cheaper one? (Ofcourse this all just hypothesis) You are not the only one bound in the karmic chakra. Solution: Choose which is best for your future and your needs. Do your best for your future career. Do not worry about divine ramifications. 3. Washing dishes Solution: Give it your best, be learned about the basic science behind it. Fear of karmic dominoe effect should not make one idle. Action is important. That's how you as well as people around you and the soceity will move onward. Just as your actions may cause effects on others, one must not stop performing. Keep your intentions positive, or at best detached from the results. Let the universe decide the rest.
You did not understand the question.
