I guess it's comes down to how serious a show tries to be. One Piece is just a jolly ride of a rollercoaster, so it should not be taken too seriously. I haven't watched Attack on Titan, but from the short clips I've seen, it seems that it takes itself much more seriously, meaning it has to be right in order to do that properly. An example would be Akame ga Kill! which is a show that tries to take itself very seriously. It fails to do so when it shows characters jumping high into the air to make an extra powerful attack, and instead of sidestepping the slash, the opponent tries to block it. Makes no sense at all and is highly inconsistent with its world. In many shows and movies, you have to ignore some real world physics in order to enjoy the show. For instance Godzilla, Pacific Rim or Attack on Titan features extremely large characters who wouldn't be able to stand if the show respected the square-cubic law. Btw, is Attack on Titan a great show? I plan on watching it, I just don't know if I should do it next or if doesn't matter if I wait a bit. It should be noted that I disliked Akame ga Kill! so if it's like that, I'll wait a bit :D
This has given me a new look at her. She is definitely not a character you would expect having great strength, but you are right that she is very strong. Thanks for the post. I only see one mistake: &gt; (whose members are, just as a side note, ranked primarily by strength, indicating she was stronger than Mr.1 who at the time almost killed Roronoa Zoro in single combat). The Baroque Works members are paired, meaning the males have a number which indicates their strength, while the females are paired in a way that utilizes her skills with one of the numbered males. This means that the females are not necessarily stronger just because they are paired with a lower numbered male, and they are definitely not stronger than their male equivalent, i.e. Crocodile is stronger than Robin. Personally I believe that Mr. 1 was stronger than Robin during the Alabasta Arc, but we actually don't know.
It was presented as being a fact though... I just think there is more evidence pointing to Mr. 1 being stronger than Robin during the Alabasta Arc. The sole reason Mr. 1 is having the 3rd most senior rank is because of his abilities in combat. There is no other reason at all, while Robin has a lot of different purposes, none of which are combat. She is a Master of Puppets, so to speak (yes, a reference to Metallica).
Oh, my bad. I missed that part. Sorry :( I agree with you that it does indicate that she is very strong. Just seeing how scared Vivi was when Robin was first introduced is proof enough. Robin is surely underrated and is very strong. I'm glad you pointed that out. Thanks a lot, it was a great read :D
Blackbeard's fruit has nothing to do with actual dark matter in the scientific sense, but I agree with you. His fruit is fundamentally different.
