I still think TW1 is one of the better RPGs out there. A lot of people don't like it. You have to remember it's built on the Aurora engine (of Neverwinter Nights and Knights of the Old Republic fame), and as such is *much more similar* to a classic CRPG than a modern action RPG. As an RPG it's far more complex than either TW2 or TW3. The combat turns a lot of people off. I never personally had an issue with it. The story and writing is great, though the game takes a bit to get going. TW2 is one of the best RPG games ever made IMO, and is surpassed only by TW3. Many seem to criticize the lack of open world but frankly I don't get it. The narrative is tight and the game is focussed.. and the later two chapters change completely depending on the choices you make. It is a far more political story than either TW1 or TW3. TW2 is the only game that I beat and started over again in the same day. I'm currently on my fourth playthrough (only on my second for TW1, mainly because it's a 50+ hour game). I may be in the minority but I also think TW1 and TW2 have better OSTs than TW3. The entire series is great.
I occasionally use LEGO minifigs to help me visualize fight scenes by acting them out step by step with the minifigs. I've used Skyrim with mods before to make some approximations of my characters (effort vs. payoff isn't very good here though). I use a lot of different resources made for pen &amp; paper RPGs for various things. There's a lot of good stuff for worldbuilding in a fantasy setting (actually, the base of my current magic system was a combination of the Pathfinder and D&amp;D systems).
What annoys me most about it is that I'll state my experience about running my GPU and why I prefer it over my previous GPU of the other brand, and people will respond to my post and tell me I'm wrong. Like WTF. No, I'm not wrong. I'm pretty sure I know exactly how my GPU is running on my rig.
&gt; Why the downvotes lol, how am I supposed to know you find that out 2 minutes into the game Because it wasn't a game spoiler, it was a book spoiler, and not a particularly big one at that. Most people don't consider events that happened in the books "spoilers", especially considering how many things in TW3 relate back to the books.
nVidia drivers were recently updated. Maybe try rolling those back?
