That one isn't that good, but considering your budget you will have to get lucky to find something better, $100 is not a crazy price for that bike by any means. But you do see nicer bikes being sold for the same amount by owners that don't realise they could get more. Ways to tell this was a bottom of the range bike: Shifters on Stem - All decent quality bikes of this era have the shifters mounted on the downtube Cottered cranks with chainguard - Good quality road bikes of the era (and today) don't come with a chainguard and use a different, more reliable system to attach the cranks. Metal dork disc (the metal disc next to the sprockets) - most better quality bikes of the era don't have a dork disc. General finishing quality of parts - The brake callipers and rear derailleur look cheap and poorly finished compared to what you would see on a more expensive bike. Would also say to go for bikes with modern 700c wheels rather than 27inch, as they will be slightly more recent and have more compatibility with modern parts This is the case for all 70s/80s road bikes, not just Japanese ones
Main principles are to stay loose and anticipate obstacles as /u/MuchUpTimeHours suggests, beginners often ride 'dead sailor' or stiff/locked out arms and legs, hitting stuff like a sack of potatoes. Doing some riding offroad would improve your technique and help teach the importance of weight distribution on the bike.
http://nashville.craigslist.org/bik/5040137405.html - this bike would likely be a good candidate, but it depends how tall you are. You would have to be very tall for the Trek to be worth considering.
&gt;It has been happening a lot lately. So who has been truing the wheels? That's the big question. &gt;I'm not sure if I should buy new rims/tires or save the cash for a new bike. Well that depends, do you like the bike? It's not a bike I would have recommended to anyone back then or now and it was about the very bottom of the Trek range. Whatever, it's not worth spending $150 on new wheels. But cheaper 26" mountain bike wheels are the sort of thing you'd be crazy to buy new, it's the fare of skips/recycle centres/garage sales/Craigslist for a few bucks.
Don't search, just browse/filter in the right category. Searching doesn't work because most people have no idea what they are selling.
