And what do you do when your commander gets shuffled into your deck and then exiled from the top of your library with [[Pyxis of Pandemonium]]? You aren't allowed to look at the face down cards but IF your commander is exiled it you're allowed to move it to the command zone instead of leaving it in exile. (note I'm not actually sure what happens here, the rules don't address it if you can't look at the card) Commander has obscure rules situations. You're technically meant to still have to "track" the commander in your library even if you could somehow have another copy of it. You could have it with a mark or something on the face side of the card for example.
I want to know why we can only have 5 medallions of iron. If you want to throw me into match after match in progress or against fireteams of 5/6 and you DON'T expect me to quit how about letting me at least always get a medallion. I've started to just swap characters if I get to 5 medallions and I've already finished my bounties for the day. I've gone 9 games straight losing every one between all the issues. Best of all half the time I even face a full fireteam they aren't even that amazingly good, I just have completely incompetent teammates and/or the other fireteam consists of 3+ red bars that might as well be invulnerable. I told myself that they must have thought they couldn't give us more than 5 because well what if someone saves a bunch for next Iron Banner but we can already do that with bounties AND if that was a concern you could just wipe them after the event.
I know that's right with how it currently works, my point was that unless they change the rules somehow it makes cards that require (C) mana to effectively be much easier to use in commander than in any other type of magic. Normally if I have an Urborg and Island I'd still need a wastes or other source of (C) to cast spells requiring (C) mana or to activate (C) abilities. In commander however with an Island and Urborg if my commander does not have black in it's color identity I can now suddenly create (C) mana with any lands I have. I'm curious if the rules might in some way be changed such that instead of creating colorless (C) mana these sort of effects will create generic mana which would effectively make everything work the same as other formats albeit in a somewhat confusing way.
I don't understand. What are all of these other attack methods before the melee follow up? Melee is the only option. Granted "melee" frequently includes shoulders and knees to the face.
We absolutely need a new commander rules committee. It seems like every time this group does anything to change the rules they just make things worse. It's complete BS and there's no accountability for them. NOBODY I've ever heard complained about fetches. Also hasn't wizards them self said they're unhappy with how the color identity rules work and want them to be less restrictive?
