This is what I came here to post - glad someone beat me to it. Keyflower plays 2-6 and scales very, very well. It's that rare game where you don't feel like you're missing out by playing 2-player, and doesn't suffer from issues with downtime or clutter when playing with up to 6 players.
Children and grandchildren. Unless they never played games with me in my life. In that case, they get nothing.
But only if it matters. Since dominance only matters if a tile is being scored for dominance, for most of the game you can ignore counting up. Just do a quick count on tiles you think you may have dominance on, and swap cones as needed. Outside of that, it's either looking at direct cube comparisons (don't really need to "count" to see that five cubes is greater than two cubes), or counting cubes on Tundra.
&gt; Oh and the counting... the endless counting to see who is dominant on every hex. Which is not necessary. Knowing which species has dominance is only of concern for when the tile is being scored for Dominance. And even then, dominance cones *only* change when species or elements change. At most, you're double checking a tile or two after the adaptation/regression/abundance series of actions is completed. And you can even ignore it then, just doing a quick check when it comes do choosing a dominance tile.
&gt; The end game scoring is a bit long to calculate and it can also totally swing the game. I'm not really sure what it adds and could probably be happy not doing it at all. The question raised in your second sentence is answered in your first: end game scoring can make a big change in determining the winner. It creates a change between the early/mid game and the late game. Early/Mid game incentivizes keeping your populations on high-point tiles: Oceans and Wetlands. But the end game scoring incentivizes spreading your populations to other regions, including those low-scoring areas such as Mountains and Deserts. As for time consuming, the way I do it is one person goes tile by tile, treating them as columns and rows in a spreadsheet. "9 Points to Birds, 7 Points to Insects" and then clearing those cubes off the tile and moving to the next tile. Another player actually moves the scoring piece around the board. Whole process is less than 5 minutes, and has the benefit of also clearing the board so you're all packed up. &gt; 1) Dominance vs Domination These are the same. The dominant species is the one who choses the domination card. Species count only determines scoring on the tile. I do, personally, use *supremacy* to refer to who has the most cubes on a given tile. E.G. "Reptiles have dominance on the ocean; supremacy order is Mammals, Insects, Reptiles". And you don't always need to recalculate dominance. Just recalculate when you feel like it, or when a tile is chosen for the dominance action. If you're never going to dominance score a little desert tile, you don't need to count for dominance.
