&gt; If you're going to call your game Fire Emblem, make it Fire Emblem. I file this in the same section as "this game/series is dead". It's just a false statement(most of the time), and frankly, keeping the core gameplay and adding more "waifu simulator" stuff isn't a huge departure.
&gt; personality may have even come as an afterthought Looking at her angry face, I doubt it.
Some really fantastic villains in this one but the Demon King is pretty meh, more of a plot device then a villain.
I applaud you for your effort, I agree with you on somethings, disagree with others. I thought you were on point some times, other times I thought you were unfair. Which is to be expected in a series like this, aptly named "hard look". And the world needs more Fire Emblem centered stuff like this. But, I've got to defend my main man Zephiel here, and I remember the post from /u/Goldenmapleleaf. "The thing is, that information is nowhere in Sword of Seals." Most of it is. Guinevere specifically tells Roy about how much Desmond hated Zephiel(who just wanted to make him proud) and how he tried to have him killed. &gt;Roy: “Decided to kill King Zephiel…?” &gt;Guinevere: “At a banquet, our father gave Zephiel a poisoned drink from his own hands. And that was the first and last cup that Zephiel took from our father. After returning to his room, Zephiel started to get sick. For ten days and nights, Zephiel lingered between life and death. But Murdock, Zephiel’s teacher and loyal general, saved his life.” &gt;Roy: “…The former king never did anything after that?” &gt;Guinevere: “No… But I have heard that he had plans to get rid of Murdock and Zephiel’s mother as traitors. He was scheming to murder them all along with Zephiel. After hearing that, Zephiel made believe that he was dead. Our father then checked the coffin to confirm Zephiel’s death. At that moment, Zephiel rose up from the coffin and…with his sword…” Also, the game shows various traitors and villainous men in power. &gt; Zephiel: Humans… Humans are filthy. They flock to those with power and would not think twice about betraying trusted allies to obtain more power. You must have witnessed numerous traitors in your travels. Am I right?” Roy doesn't even respond to this. He gives a good ole "...". And to top that all off, the humans unwittingly caused the Ending Winter. They also instigated the Scouring, but that's a FE7 add-on. Either way, I think Zephiel has a fairly compelling argument, you just have to read between the lines a little bit. Which is fairly common for FE villains.
Yep. Fire Emblem: If, will more then likely come to the US. FE x SMT, maybe*. It's regular gameplay is like the old ones, but they have this player housing thing going on and that's what this trailer is highlighting.
