Property taxes are extremely regressive, much more so than sales taxes (which aren't really regressive at all in our case, due to their many exemptions).
Since the bridge opened, they've had to tear down the old bridge, and add 2 more lanes to the new bridge. Perhaps they couldn't add the pedestrian lane until that work was finished.
There's a lot of negativity from people here, but from what you're saying here, I think you've got the right mindset to appreciate a move. If you enjoyed living in Newfoundland, just for the sake of being somewhere new and getting a fresh start to live more independently, then I bet you'll have a blast in Vancouver. You should go for it.
Yeah it's pretty funny, when people talk about how many "self-made" billionaires there are, they're often referring to people born into families that were "only" at the 95th percentile for wealth. [For example](http://www.cnbc.com/id/49167533), Forbes considers 70% of American billionaires to be "self made". But that group includes not only people like Mark Zuckerberg, whose parents were a dentist and a psychiatrist (and thus would be in the wealthiest 5% of families), but it even includes people who inherit "medium-sized companies" or more than $1 million (but less than $50 million) of start-up capital.
&gt;Despite the the outcry of hippies and Reddit, the demand for oil is not going to go away soon That's beside the point though, because the proposed bitumen pipelines are not needed at current production levels. If we maintain current levels of oil sands production for now, and then start to gradually reduce production as we reduce our dependency on petroleum fuels, we will not need these new pipelines. Alberta is already pumping a lot of oil, we don't need to triple oil sands from current production levels (1.8 million barrels/day) to 5.2 million barrels/day by 2030, which is the stated intention of the 4 pipeline proposals. Our country is supposedly aiming for a 30% *reduction* in greenhouse gases by 2030, yet we're going along with the oil industry's plan to *increase* oil sands production by 200% over the same time span? Those goals are incompatible, and to me that's a problem. &gt;95% of the gas used by Metro Vancouver gas stations comes through the TransMountain pipeline But isn't that irrelevant to the proposed twinning of the pipeline? As far as I'm aware, none of Metro Vancouver's gas will come through the additional pipeline, since it will be carrying unrefined bitumen, to be loaded onto tankers and shipped straight to China.
