Which movie, just out of curiosity?
SJWs, their games, their ideas, the things they like, the art they want to create...have a right to exist, as much right as anyone else's. But when they seek to censor, to indoctrinate, to propagandize, to lie about games and slander gamers, to circlejerk their friends, blacklist their enemies, shame creators and players, and otherwise try to exert control over the direction of the hobby and related spaces? That. Is. UNETHICAL. It's disgraceful, unfair, unjust, sometimes flat out illegal behavior whether they are doing it in the name of ideology or not. It serves the cause of ethics to oppose this, and it serves the cause of ethics to point out the general lunacy of the people doing it and the things they believe, because those ideas and dogmas are the excuse they use to justify their unethical actions, since to them the ends justify the means. And drawing an arbitrary line that we just don't talk about things like protein world or shirtgate because they're not directly gaming related is shooting ourselves in the foot. These are clear cut, obvious examples of SJW censorship, witch hunting, bias, and general unethical behavior that neutrals and people outside the hobby will understand, and they are useful tools to expose the general mentality and tactics of our opposition without having to catch everyone up on the history of GG and complex gamer issues. Ultimately, these "off topic" SJW events SERVE THE CAUSE of ethics in gaming by helping to expose the same group of bad actors who are poisoning our industry to serve their political purposes. This is not TIA, it's not about just posting stupid things they say and laughing at them. But their efforts at censorship and all the rest of the bad shit they're also trying to do to gaming? That's relevant even when they're doing it in other spaces because it serves as a useful example, and maybe even lessons we can take and apply in gaming, like the way protein world stood up to them, that's a lesson devs could learn from, and we should be trying to teach it.
Going on a tropical vacation is my safe space! I'm totally not privileged at all!
They never backed off on paid mods? But...they took the system down and admitted they messed up?
Don't waste 10 grand on some stupid prank, whatever you do with it Milo, put it towards something actually worthwhile, a charity, bees as someone suggested, or maybe some sort of pro-gamergate campaigning.
