Wrong on so many levels. Sure, create an economic incentive so a market is held afloat, yadda yadda... but these are coral dwelling fish. You have to actually dive to catch or snag them on a barb. That kind of activity is dangerous to the coral area, possibly as much of the lionfish is itself. It's replacing one top predator with another, because those diving spear fisherman certainly dont' stop with lion fish. Also, it's probably not going to reduce the population, once the fish has a foot hold in an area.... it's nearly impossible to remove them.
Yeah, there is always some place more expensive.
I'm sure somebody has already mentioned this, but check out the IRS tax brackets. I'm not even sure what I'm about to write is true and honest, it could be a myth for all I know. However, from my past personal experience (read uninformed assumptions) I had accepted a higher paying job at another place that was wonderful. But it seemed I was actually earning less money. I was not sure how that could be at the time. It seemed I was paying more in tax, and perhaps in my insurance program (slightly). Indeed, I had transitioned into a higher tax bracket and the amount of more money I was earning was cancelled out by the increase in tax. Again, this might be complete BS, but it's something that I remember happening at the time, but other factors like inflation and whatever also cause the cost of living to increase. So it could be I was just spending more on everyday minor things, and only noticed after changing jobs. Anyways, that is also a good point. Take into account the rate of inflation and whatever cost-of-living metrics migth be available for your area. Cost of living is variable that seems different for people in different places, so look into that. Anyway, try to findout the difference in the cost of living when you started that existing cube surfing job, and then project what you need to improve or sustain what you had when you started there. Also combine that with the federal tax bracket stuff. After that, you can factor in thing like insurance, and you can get a rough idea of what your monthly take-home would be. It's a hard problem, and frankly most people just take the leap without calculations and see how things play out afterward.
I've got ITIL foundation, and it's great! I'd say it was more a philosophical cert than anything else, and it worked for me. It changed my mind on how to do things, and formed me into a better tech worker.
I used to do that, but it doesn't work. The problem seems to be that the Synology Operating System lives on or otherwise depends on... the storage volume instead of of to the side in separate storage (E.G. nvram, emmc, etc). So anytime the OS has to log an event, such as NTP, or dynamic DNS, or whatever other conveniences... it has to spin up the storage. Hopefully future devices separate the storage from the OS completely.
