Yeah IL2-CLOD with the Team Fusion mods is still kicking. It's hyper realistic.
If I'm understanding how this works, you can use AutoHotKey to do things like this. It's a powerful program for creating scripts to automate things like inputting text, hitting key strokes in sequence with time delays, run programs, etc. that can be bound to any key or key combo. It runs independently of the game on your PC in the background so there should be no EULA issues... it just automates what you would normally do manually. I use it in hyper-realistic games like IL-2: CLOD with the Team Fusion patches to automate tedious complex things like getting ready for take-off. I don't use it in WT but would if manual engine management was worth the trouble to me. Anyway, you should, for example, be able to make a script that runs from a key bind not used by the game, reads data from http://localhost:8111/, copies it into your clipboard, types T, inputs your message, CTRL-V to past in the data and hit ENTER to execute these key commands for you. If reading the http://localhost:8111/ data isn't possible, you could wing it by just assigning something simple that can be done with one hand to output text such as SHIFT-1 = "I need halp! (1,000m alt)", SHIFT-2 = "I need halp! (2,000m alt)", and so on. Hope this helps!
My guess is that their "rules" are just casting a wide net to minimize exploits that they cannot foresee and they'll always say that it's a cheat for things they don't understand. AFAIK, there's no way for the game to detect if you're using an external scripting program as it's not altering the game files anyway. I'd also venture to guess that them scanning your PC for things outside their game without your knowledge and permission would open them up to all sorts of legal problems as well. Maybe someone specifically looking for it might detect a pattern in your chat but that's ridiculously unlikely. Also, automating things like manual engine control would be undetectable on the surface unless, once again, you gave them a match playback file and they were looking for it or you outright told them you were doing it. Promoting it would be the biggest give away so technically the only mistake that J6 made was to post it in their forums in plain sight of their KGB... lol. Ultimately, they can't 'legally' dictate what you can use on your PC outside of their game although it is their game so they can ban who they like for an unlimited number of stupid reasons under their EULA. That's why it's worded the way it is... it's just lazy exploit enforcement. Anyway, I'd say it would be perfectly safe to use scripting programs. Just don't be obvious about it. I personally don't use scripting in WT because there isn't much benefit to it so I'm not really stressing over this. The game is pretty streamlined so it's not like IL-2: CLOD Team Fusion where you have to manipulate a dozen controls just to take off. I'll even admit that their in-game communication system is pretty slick in how it allows players who speak multiple languages to communicate with each other. In the case of J6's script, do people really need you to tell them your alt? You can basically see if teammates are above or below you all the way across the map. So knowing Gaijin's iron fist way of dealing with things, any potential benefits are just not worth the risk IMHO. In the end, you can post game feature requests for stuff like this and who knows... maybe they'll be implemented into the game if the idea is popular enough. I know I'd personally like to see the comm messages expanded so maybe he could try that approach instead. It would also be less work if it's in-game rather than messing with scripting programs anyway.
I do see where you're going with this. It would be easy for instance to create a script that enables manual engine control, close your rads, adjust your prop pitch, max your throttle, etc. so all you have to do is push a button to achieve maximum escape speed. I suppose you could even create a script that with some experimentation makes your plane perform a complex maneuver at its maximum abilities when someone gets on your six. I personally don't see an issue with this though as it's too much work for too little benefit over simply doing it yourself and you'd be constantly trying to hit a moving target with the way Gaijin changes FM's more often than a teenage girl changes clothes. It also still requires that you know how to fly. You do it or a script does it... what's the difference... you still have to know what to do. My issue with this is that Gaijin doesn't have the right to tell you what you can use on your PC while playing their game. What's next, you can't keep plane stats open in Word? You can't listen to music outside their channels? You can't watch YouTube vids of cats while climbing because you're bored? All these things are 3rd party programs that alter the individual's game experience and technically against their EULA. Sorry but fuck that.
I can see how it would be useful and definitely the least minor offense against their "no automation" rules. In the same light, it's only a (admittedly annoying) minor inconvenience to just create some shorthand lingo to relay alt in chat. I also see the point about it being easier for them to ban it all rather than deal with some subjective sliding scale on what can be scripted... hence opening this whole can of worms... and maybe J6 being a bit too butthurt over it. ;) I do have to go back to my original opinion though that Gaijin doesn't have the right to say what programs you can use on your PC (and probably can't detect them anyway) while playing their game as long as it doesn't alter the game itself. They might not like it but tough shit. Scripts won't give you that much of an advantage in this game anyway (or an advantage that others couldn't use) as flying is way too complex and dynamic. It's just not 2 dimensional with a fixed number of possible movements like WoW. All scripting can really do is reduce tedious tasks and improve efficiency a little bit. Outside of that, you have to know how to fly and tell the plane what to do.
