See Ypsilon Scheme: http://code.google.com/p/ypsilon/ Ypsilon has been developed as a fundamental technology for LittleWing Pinball Construction System. More info: http://www.littlewingpinball.com/contents/en/ypsilon.html Yeah, like the Lisp Machine from 1980. Command: (software-type) "Lisp Machine" Command: (time:parse "twenty-nine years before yesterday") 0 0 0 4 4 80 4 NIL :RELATIVE France has solved nothing. The nuclear waste problem is unsolved in France as it is everywhere else. Depends in which areas. If you are in environmental sector (for example alternative energy) there is a good chance that the technology has been developed in Germany. Same for machines, cars, ... Europe has several companies competing in the area of high-speed trains. The US has none. It is just thinking about having their own high-speed train services (minus the Acela, which is not really high-speed), where Europe has lots of those in France, Germany, Spain... There are innovation areas where Europe actually now is ahead of the US. That happened, because the US was more focused in finance, space and military technology - and less so with other engineering areas (often civil). The German 'Mittelstand' (medium sized companies) has lots of 'Weltmarktführer' (market leaders) which are based on innovation and technology in their areas. Software is part of their offerings, but it is not the web-based software what they develop. It is often embedded software or applications. Guess what, these companies are fully exposed to global competition. Actually their market is global - which is why Germany has a huge trade surplus - from selling high-tech, machines, tools, cars, trains, robots, ... The article is also not really correct with respect to 'Theseus'. Theseus is a german research project in the area of semantic knowledge infrastructure. It is not a start up company and it is not done with France. Theseus is basic research. Volkswagen is also long ago - it was founded by the Nazis. It is not an example how companies are created in Germany nowadays. It is true that Germany has less venture capital and its innovation is not that much based on creation of startup companies funded by venture capital. But that does not mean innovation is government controlled or induced. The example I mentioned above, innovation in the 'Mittelstand' is the counter example. How about taking the money away from DARPA and do some actually useful research? For somebody with 15 years of Lisp experience he sure managed to mention the most trivial use of macros. If I need to run my programming language to run on top of the infrastructure of another program language to use its services, the designers made something wrong. Today larger applications are based on layers communicating with each other over all kinds of ways. Deeply embedding is just one way. I also think that developers should do more than read books to evaluate a technology. Reading Lisp books is surely not sufficient - eventually the author now was able to use a Lisp dialect and not only read about it. The author is also mostly guessing that 'Clojure has all the benefits of LISP' without having used other Lisps. can Clojure now save images? does it have CLOS? I thought a huge different to many Lisp dialects is that Clojure is not especially object-oriented. In contrast to most CL implementations (and other Lisp dialects like ISLisp, many Scheme implementations, ...), which are very object-oriented - using many CLOS-based libraries. can it compile to C? can I use it without the JVM? does it start up in less than ten ms? programmable reader? more powerful exception handling for interactive software? tail calls? etc. etc. I'm not saying that you need all that, but saying that Clojure has all that a typical CL implementation or what some of the more advanced Scheme implementation offer would surprise me... if you say: Clojure is a member of the family of Lisp languages x is the set of features that all the members of the Lisp family share Clojure has all features in x then this is trivially true and not surprising. But if you compare the specific language and implementation called Clojure with, say, the specific implementation Clozure CL (CCL), then I would say that there are quite a few features (and their benefits) of CCL that are both available in a lot of other Lisps (for example direct support for object-oriented programming or the ability to save and restart the state) that Clojure lacks. Also true, Clojure has a few features (especially features that are not widely shared among Lisps like STM) that CCL lacks. hmm, could that list not be replaced by one book? Common Sense for Dummies Now we only need some data that somebody in a billion years wants to read. I don't care that much how people perform in exams. I don't hire people when they need drugs to reach the work level they claim to be at. Should I send the guy to a consultant job and on expenses then pay for the drugs he needs to do his/her job? Here is what I do to improve mental performance: I go jogging with my co-workers in the morning. It is well known that sports like these also increase mental capacity + it also has lots of other positive effects. you can open your mind by watching the nature. In the Lisp 'world' a thunk is often a function/closure with no parameters. I go jogging to maintain a certain fitness level, no to 'induce opiod'. I do understand why it hasn't taken over the world. I also don't care. But then I also don't listen to Britney Spears' 'music'. How much impact had Guy Steele on the design of Java? My guess was always that Java was mostly designed when he arrived and he was hired for his experience in standards and his writing capabilities. Given that Mr. Steele co-wrote a book on C, worked on the standard for High Performance Fortran, the CL standard, and other things. not really. The Symbolics Lisp Machine came with a huge library of thousands of class and 30000+ functions. Additionally it had compilers for Fortran, C, Pascal and others. It could compile things like TeX and X11 on the Lisp Machine. He just does not want to build on the JVM. I can understand that. The JVM is optimized for Java and nothing else. SUN has not done much to support other languages (functional, dynamic, ...) on top of the JVM (Microsoft does that with its .net infrastructure, though). Using the JVM for Lisp is fine, because it is there. But it is ugly, since it is alien for Lisp. More alien than x86 is for Lisp. So you would not write hybrid Java and Clojure programs? You would not reuse and extend Java classes? Strange. I thought Rich went to the JVM because the eco system is so rich ;-) and not just because it happens to have a code execution environment and a garbage collection implementation. Strange, most people on comp.lang.lisp seem to use Common Lisp on UNIX, Linux, Mac OS X, JVM. Many edit in Emacs or VIM. Most use some kind of X11 window system. Seems to me pretty pragmatic. just not for a Lisp dialect. The mismatch is known and widely documented. they were in the Luftwaffe and a part of the war machine of Nazi Germany reading a bit through the history I have the impression that projects like these were taking resources but achieving little. I doubt a plane like this with the technology of that time would have had any impact in the war, other than losing lots of pilots in an unstable plane. is there any non-military research left in the US? The page is lightweight with a reason. The documents are linked to another server with more bandwidth (but with a slight disk problem, I hope it still survives a bit). More 'problematic' was comment of mine on reddit where I linked to some pages with images. If it is slow, then it is more especially when somebody looks at such a page. Well, when Clinton was president, two Symbolics XL1200 and then later two DEC Alphas running Open Genera were serving the White House Publication Server (a part of Clinton's web presence). Those two machines did get a lot more hits than my home site does. I had the chance to look at the live logs during the monica levinsky scandal. ;-) Anyway, don't crawl the site. It is for reading, not for crawling. It's up in this way since 2003 and I hope it stays this way. Thanks. ;-) Microsoft is a disease. Their products are buggy, ill-designed and over-priced. Eclipse is a great window environment. It only needs a good IDE. web programming mostly I would say that MAP/FILTER/REDUCE are relatively trivial applications of Functional Programming. Add to that lack of side effects, then it gets really simple. What would one want to test with these simple examples. But how about more complex code, like an XML parser in a functional language. No tests? I doubt that. Ever tried to write more than a few pages of text/graphics with Word? It falls over pretty soon. Yes, I do own a copy of Microsoft Office. Excel is okay. Powerpoint so so. Word is terrible. Entourage has good and bad sides - but has lots of problems when there are non-trivial amounts of data. There is no excuse for the buggyness of MS Word. See here: Hacker Spaces ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Hackerspace ) all over the world: http://hackerspaces.org/wiki/List_of_Hacker_Spaces I would format the function like this: (defun memoize (fn) (let ((cache (make-hash-table :test #'equal))) (lambda (&rest args) (multiple-value-bind (val win) (gethash args cache) (if win val (setf (gethash args cache) (apply fn args))))))) I'm a Lisp programmer and the C# arglist is already hard to parse with lots of noise - for me. Second I don't look for { or ( but for the block indentation, so a { on a single line does not give me enough visual clues. The 'return arg =>' form is not obvious to me. What does it do? Where dies TReturn come from, TParam? Why is there }; and } ? it is still Yegge: shallow and mostly wrong. People who actually use Lisp (opposed to people who only write about it) have no problem that there are extensions to the standard. The whole point of Lisp is that it is easily extended in many ways: the programmable programming language. Sure it brings a bunch of problems, but that's what it is and why people use it. The stuff he writes about CLOS is mostly wrong. CLOS is not implemented as a bunch of macros. CLOS is actually a three level architecture: the core is written object-oriented in CLOS itself, on top is a functional interface and for user convenience there is a bunch of macros for easy definition of classes, generic functions, methods and some other language objects. Then, macros are no problem. They are a feature. No, 'hygienic' is fine, but not needed. No they don't need to be rethought. They do a useful job like they are. No, Lisp will never be massively successful (because it is a bit too complicated, too dynamic, too powerful for many users) and bending the language trying to make it 'massively successful' won't improve anything. No, I don't want a dictator. Lisp has choice, various alternatives and a more democratic approach. Lisp is still a good choice for computing with symbols. If you don't need that, then you might not need Lisp. But that's not a reason that Lisp should change. Should a helicopter be changed in design because someone does not use it, but drives a car? Should the helicopter be changed, because more people drive cars, getting a drivers license for cars is easier than getting a pilot's license for helicopters? Lisp is different, for a reason and this difference will ensure its survival for many years. We have now fifty years that the basic ideas have proven to be useful and I don't see that this will change in the coming years. if you are a good cook, a sharp knife will be very useful. Others might only hurt themselves with it. No, the quality of things is not measured necessarily by the amount of uneducated users. the scripting languages are a shallow subset of Lisp, in some ways. But Lisp was not designed to script applications. It was designed to be a language that can compute with symbols. This applied to Lisp itself lead to meta circular definitions, macros, meta level architectures like CLOS, and more. It led to the first self hosting compiler in the earlz 60s and ever since Lisp implementations have been written largely in itself. It was designed to easily implement all kinds of notations and evaluation mechanism. Originally for example to implement symbolic mathematics and logic reasoners. If the subset of Lisp that allows scripting is fine for you, that's great. Why complicate things? It is popular enough, that there are ten maintained Common Lisp implementations, a hundred Scheme implementations and new dialects get invented every other year. I was just sunday on the European Common Lisp Meeting here in Hamburg. It was really nice, we heard of a bunch of actual applications and heard of new implementation facilities. The biggest plus: the event was completely free of random whining. Java appealed to the industrial users: a controlled language specified down to the instruction level, no complicated features, absolute stability on all levels. The SUN Java courses were just that: the programmer has to learn the language constructs and the library. Then the programmer learns some patterns to use the language effectively Lisp is the antithesis to this: it is a language laboratory - the programmable programming language. The programmer needs to develop skills to understand when and how to change the language. Changing and extending the language is a core mechanism. This makes the language unstable and puts a lot of linguistic power into the programmer. With Lisp you need to trust the programmer and the programmer has to learn how to justify the trust (by learning to effectively use macros, by learning when and when not to use EVAL, ...). The Lisp programmer has to learn how to program languages and the concepts he may want to use for that. 'Recursive Functions of Symbolic Expressions and Their Computation by Machine', McCarthy, 1960 http://www-formal.stanford.edu/jmc/recursive/recursive.html Does that sound like 'Ruby'? I don't think so. Common Lisp defines a mildly large language with a standard of 1000+ pages. Implementations use both non-portable and portable libraries. There are also several libraries that span several implementations. Also the implementations serve different purposes and may use widely different implementation strategies - so not all libraries might apply to a certain implementation. The choice is there for a reason. Some libraries might start on some implementation. If it is good, then it will likely be ported (if necessary) to other implementations. I saw that talk and I can tell you that he looked very confused. He was just in the need for an excuse to develop just another scripting language. You could see that he had not much experience with Lisp and that Lisp was not something that he actually needed. I think he knew Lisp mostly 'in theory'. If you think that he is a pretty smart guy, then I would say that there are many Lisp implementations that are way ahead in terms of implementation technology - Matz's Ruby implementation is in the Lisp world several decades behind the state of the art. Ruby is one of the slowest scripting languages and has a very much ad-hoc design. It does useful things for many people, and that counts. But from the technology it is Ruby that is a huge pain in the ass. Just see how people struggle to write a decent compiler for it. Instead it is just another simple interpreter with a C core for the interpreter implementation and parts of the library. Ruby is fast where you stay in with the library functions that are implemented in C - otherwise it is a pain. The better Lisp systems are also written in Lisp and their performance is sometimes 10 to 100 times of what Ruby offers - while Lisp offers also lots of dynamic features and the code as data paradigm. Guile is some random Lisp implementation, designed for scripting. 'Lisp' is a family of languages and the basic design was done by John McCarthy starting in 1958. He did not design a scripting language. I was talking about 'Lisp', not Guile. Why do you want to take away my ability to choose a suitable implementation? I let you have your freedom to choose a scripting language. Lisp is a family of different languages and implementations. Like 'scripting languages': python, rebol, ruby, javascript, vbscript, ... - similar problem there: why not have one main language? why these all these scripting languages which share almost NO code? In Common Lisp I have a core language and can share lots of code between different implementations. ECL compiles to C and byte code and can be embedded. SBCL uses an optimizing compiler to machine code. CLISP uses a byte code engine written in C. ABCL is compiles to the JVM. LispWorks and Allegro CL define very large languages with lots of bells and whistles. Each of these implementations have been developed for different usages scenarios. CLISP is fine for scripting, LispWorks is better for the development of portable applications with a GUI. There are Common Lisp implementations that are more popular than others. For free implementations SBCL is the most popular. But there is competition. CCL is also very good. Some implementations are less popular, but they survive because they use different implementation technologies. The commercial implementations like Allegro CL and LispWorks are also widely used, and provide features that the other implementations don't provide or don't provide as complete. LispWorks for example has a cross platform GUI toolkit that is used to implement its cross platform development environment. One can develop sophisticated GUI applications that can be compiled for Windows, Unix, Linux, FreeBSD and Mac OS X without changes. Dan Weinreb gives an overview: http://common-lisp.net/~dlw/LispSurvey.html . Ruby for example does not give me these choices. The main implementation is widely used, but lacks much of what the advanced Lisp implementations offer - which enables me to write a different class of applications in Lisp. http://rubyconf2008.confreaks.com/matzs-keynote.html He sounds confused. Started with BASIC: 'I could Make Intelligence'. ??? Then he found Lisp in a magazine article and 'fell in love with it'. 'BASIC aristocracy' vs. 'Lisp democracy'??? He liked Lisp from a book, but 'unfortunately he did not have a computer that could run it'. In University he used Emacs Lisp and it did not make him 'happy'. Parentheses? No? He had no problems with it. Macros? Partially. 'Smart people just underestimate oridinarity (sic) to use Lisp'. 'We are too ordinary to use Lisp'. Aristocracy. He is happy with aristocracy, as long as he has power. The whole video is so painful... I was not talking about 'technical correctness' (though the literature how to implement languages does exist - just start with Steele's papers - Steele describes efficient compilation some thirty years ago), but about 'technical capabilities' - and it that area Ruby is lightyears behind Lisp implementations. I'm also not saying 'Ruby is slower so we should all use Lisp', I'm saying: Ruby is much less capable than Lisp, so it neither is a Lisp nor is it able to replace Lisp for the tasks where people use Lisp. For an expert Lisp programmer there is little reason to use Ruby anyway. Ruby has a larger user community, but that does not help me when Ruby simply does not provide the capabilities I need - the user community could be ten times larger and the number of libraries could be also even larger. It does not help if the libraries that I'm interested in are not available and probably never will. Matz designed Ruby for so-called 'ordinary' people with him to do the language design. I can tell you for sure that I neither like his design nor do I want him as the language designer. In the Lisp world the implementors role is to empower the user, not make them dependent. I need a new control structure? I write one myself. I don't have to wait for some benevolent dictator, who probably does not get basic designs right - just look at the confusion of blocks, lambdas, etc. in Ruby. (also there is no excuse for putting confused stuff on slides, even when he is not a native speaker - lots of people (including me) are no native English speakers and I haven't sensed this amount of confusion Matz shows) That Lisp is too complicated for some people is not news, still Emacs (which he tried) now comes with a standard library of a million lines of Emacs Lisp code for all kinds of editor extensions. Emacs Lisp code that has been written by very different people and obviously a lot of them learned enough Lisp to write sophisticated applications based on Emacs (like GNUS, calc, the various mail modes, org mode, ...). Lisp is also not only great technically and theoretically, but some people found it practically. There weren't ten maintained Common Lisp implementations if there were no users for it. For example the talks at the Lisp Meeting last sunday here in Hamburg described several applications in Lisp: an airline reservation system (developed by a team of hundred people, fifty of them Lisp programmers), a visual reactive programming system, an aircraft analysis tool, a reasoner for the semantic web, a visual simulation system, machine learning applications and some more. C, C#, C++, Objective C, C with extensions, ... The usual default is that Lisp is late bound. You would tell Lisp when or where you don't want that. If you use CLOS for example, any method can be removed or added at runtime. I'm not sure how not adding a reader macro mechanism makes the design easier. Actually the point of read macros is to enable incremental addition/change of syntactic elements of s-expressions. PAIP has some great code and explains more how to do version a), how to move to version b) and finally reach version c). The process is typical in Lisp: you do a quick first version and then refine it where needed by adding features or by optimizing it at the right places. I think the main reason is exactly this: the local telcos don't earn money on voip telephony. India is looking to increase income - being able to bill phone calls is definitely desirable for some people. no, they are not 'bad on purpose'. Peter Norvig shows how to get from quick bottom up prototypes to optimized code. The purpose is to quickly and cleanly as possible get a first version going and then improve that. Common Lisp programs make heavy use of side effects from imperative code, over destructive operations to the CLOS object system. sounds great don't hurry, good things need their time There was a time when most uses of a high-level language in domains like graphics were replaced with C++. C++ quickly became the dominant language in graphics and simulation. It still is. One also saw a lot of special hardware, for which it was difficult to come up with higher-level language implementations (Playstation 3 is such an example with its cell processors). One would have needed experts to port languages like Lisp to all kinds of new hardware - the expertise and the demand was just not there. So with every new exotic hardware, the trend to just use C/C++ with some simple scripting component was accelerating. In some other areas there was the trend to standardize on Java. Though Java failed (mostly) over time in graphics and simulation. Still some people use Lisp in graphics related domains. For example CoCreate uses Common Lisp for its CAD package. Recently Lisp has seen increasing use by hobbyists and enthusiasts to write games (using SDL etc.). Clojure is not 'warty'? Can it even dump an image? Actually there are users that were looking for alternatives to expensive or dying CL implementations. These were and are financing work into SBCL and now also CCL. For example the port of CCL and its development environment to Windows is paid for. Recently at the ECLM (the European Common Lisp Meeting here in Hamburg), Dan Weinreb of ITA Software described what enhancements and robustifications of CCL (Clozure CL) were paid for by ITA for their reservation system project. I can tell you that it was quite an impressive list. Currently the state of implementations like SBCL and CCL is really good. There are lots of further improvements possible and necessary as the computing landscape evolves. But from a Lisp user perspective, the free implementations have never been better than today. Users should be aware of that and take advantage of that. More work on graphics, development tools, etc. is welcome, though. Naughty Dog used Allegro Common Lisp for their development environment - to implement some kind of Scheme dialect for the Playstation II. Then they got bought by Sony and for the Playstation III they used C++. As I understand they wanted to share code and technology with other parts of Sony working on games - and those were not using Lisp, but C++, like most of the industry. From reading some of their latest presentations I get the impression that this did not work out the way they had thought. So Naughty Dog is back using Lisp, this time using Scheme as part of the toolchain. Xach recently wrote about the use of Lisp in Games: http://xach.livejournal.com/229485.html But there is more, I remember for example that there is a relatively large online game that uses Common Lisp: neuroarena.com - a tutorial video is at http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=XFzP6Shxbbs . that Gitmo is not yet closed is not Obama's fault. In the US almost nobody wants to take the prisoners. The whole thing is a total mess. What the Nobel price really means: Obama needs more support and less obstruction. The old elites don't give up just because one guy gets elected. The struggle against the military-industrial complex, the neocons, the conservative lunatics, etc. will be long. Plus the US is not prepared for deep structural reforms (like getting rid of the two party system, getting rid of commercialized prisons, getting rid of a fake economy, really reducing the military budget, etc.). It is a sign from the international community that his intentions are recognized as going in the right directions, now people need to work with him to get stuff done. Like the russians and the chinese leaders need to really reduce the nuclear arsenals. Other leaders need to understand how useless these weapons are today. this problem has been solved years ago... the problem with offshore wind in Germany is that it has to be far away from the coast in deeper water. The local conditions (islands and the Wattenmeer) enforce this. Investment in offshore wind farms is under theseGerman conditions much higher and also the technical hurdles are much higher (wind, waves, corrosion, ...). These offshore wind farms are built for very rough conditions. Still several are under being built now. So the delay has technical reasons and also the investment is quite high. But the new government has made clear that the investment in renewable energy will go on. That the nuclear reactors may not phased out as soon as planned before, is a victory of the large energy companies, who want to make the most money out of their investment. Still they are at best seen as a transition technology. Finland, reactor under construction. Estimated cost 4.5 Billion Euro. Just to build one. a few years ago Germany built a coal power plant with two times 920MW for 2.4 billion Euro. Well, prices of nuclear power plants are so huge that only a few have been built in the last twenty years. Even in France there was little action building new nuclear reactors. There is little chance that a new nuclear power station will be built in Germany, again. The whole technology is simply to expensive. Mining uranium is expensive and generates huge amounts of waste. Getting rid of the waste is expensive. The nuclear industry has been financed by the taxpayer with billions and billions here in Germany. Currently we are looking into cleaning a research disposal site for a billion plus. The future is described in the article and it is not nuclear. It is decentralized production of electricity and heat, energy efficiency, wind solar, biogas, etc. If France wants to invest even more into nuclear energy, let's see how they deal with the costs. They could park the waste cheap in Siberia... oh, they are doing it already. Let's see how long that works. The price is huge environmental damage. Sure nuclear power stations are cheaper in China then in Germany. All kinds of things are cheaper there. Still the first two reactors cost about 3.2 billion $. Try to build them for that money in Europe. Nuclear power is no viable technology. Mining is extremely damaging (including the emission of CO2) , substances handled are extremely dangerous, safety is not resolved and waste disposal is nowhere world wide solved. The IEEE article is mostly misleading. The offshore windparks are currently being built and planned. The government recently has summed up the plans and activities. The plan is to get 15 % of electricity by 2020 based on wind. All renewable energy is then planned to be at 30%. http://www.tagesschau.de/wirtschaft/windpark102.html http://www.bundesregierung.de/Content/DE/Artikel/2009/09/200... That's the plan just last month announced. Reprocessing of spent fuel makes the material even more dangerous. Reprocessing is already a dangerous process that generates huge amount of waste (for example the chemicals used). France spends huge amounts of tax dollars for their nuclear industry, and has largely failed to invest money in other technologies like renewable energy. Let's see how France deals with their nuclear waste: http://www.spiegel.de/international/europe/0,1518,654969,00.... No pretty sight, I'd say. Additionally it follows the usual strategy to build large players. Many here in Germany prefer to get rid of these large companies and get large parts of the energy production decentralized. The technology is now there and just needs to applied. Volkswagen now has a program for 100000 small 'Blockheizkraftwerke' ( http://de.wikipedia.org/wiki/Blockheizkraftwerk ) which will provide electricity and heating energy. They will also be able to generate electricity and provide it to the grid. Nuclear power plants are dinosaurs deserving to die. I was talking about building them. You switch to coal prices. Mining uranium is cleaner than coal? We had mines here in Germany and they were definitely environmentally very dangerous. Mining in western Europe has mostly stopped, the environmental damages are now transported to other countries. Let's see how the US deals their abandoned Uranium mines. Probably not at all. In Germany we have to deal with former mine. We already have invested almost five billion Euros into controlling the damages. This makes a good read on the work needed to close these mines here in Germany: http://www.iaea.org/OurWork/ST/NE/NEFW/documents/RawMaterial... For fun calculate the cost of above into the world-market price of Uranium. Surprise for you: coal prices are not the same in the world. The types of coal are different, the mining is different, labor costs are different. The IEEE article is not accurate. The current actions in Germany show the opposite. Reprocessing does not multiply the waste? Wow. Why would you excluded hydro power from renewables. Germany has started to invest in renewables in the last two decades and the trend is clear. The goal is to reach 30% in a few years. That France does not export much energy from renewable sources is no surprise, they have betted all their money on nuclear power plants. So with the backlog of processing in France, they ship the stuff to Siberia? I wonder if they know what they are doing? Probably not, France just managed to find a bunch of Plutonium in Cadarache. 39 Kilograms of Plutonium dust, instead of the 8 Kilogram the officials knew about. A Blockheizkraftwerk will be run on gas and later on biogas. Sure that solves a lot of problems: it decentralizes energy production, allows easy reuse of heat energy, the energy production can be fine tuned to actual usage, gas is much less environmentally dangerous than nuclear materials or coal, ... It is estimated 100000 of those will allow us to get rid of two Nuclear Power Plants. 100000 homes with those 'Blockheizkraftwerke' is a moderate goal in a country of 80 million people. Germany already has high energy prices. It is still number one exporter in the world. The German industry is constantly modernizing to lower the demand for energy during production. Countries like China are far behind. It shows in their environment also. The goal for Germany is not to have cheap energy, the goal is to reduce energy consumption, create new technologies and get rid of the old energy wasting industries. That's what the article says, Germany is forward looking and has already started a change that will take many years, with the goal to produce most of the energy in a modern clean fashion and without nuclear power. Some other countries have similar goals. France and the UK don't. Let's see when they wake up. China is becoming less polluted in the near future? Dream on. The Chinese economy has to grow 8% because the population grows, less than 8% is stagnation. GDP in China per person is around $3000, where in Germany (East and West) we are at $44000. They have room to grow. Germany is also a net exporter of electricity. It is great that it is not a large net exporter, otherwise the industry which gets lots of monetary help from the tax payer sells their electricity cheap to foreign countries. Aluminum smelters and comparable industries will move to countries with little environmental protection. Let them go. Btw., just where I live we have a Aluminum smelters and related. In Germany. They are still here. Gas power plants are extremely efficient (twice as coal), cheap to built, have a relatively robust technology and the pollution is much less then from coal (half). Modern gas turbines provide electricity and heat. You can build gas power plants into or very near to cities - this is different from nuclear power plants who need lots of water for cooling and building them near cities is usually not a good idea. Gas runs through pipelines from Russia, arrive by ships, new pipelines are projected and Germany has gas reserves for two months. During the recent shortage in East Europe, Germany was actually giving gas to other countries. Biogas is no pipe dream. Funny how your prejudices collide with technical innovations that have already been developed. In East Germany just a few months ago a new Biogas plant has been opened: it will produce 160 million kWh Electricity an 180 million kWh heat - enough for 50000 families.We will see more of that... I'm getting the impression that you are far behind the technological paradigm shift that people are working on here. CIA analysts? Not sure if that is helping the app. it is kWh per year. You still don't get it. It is about being able to generate renewable energy in a decentralized way. It is generating electricity and heat for 50000 households. It is not about large nuclear power stations creating profits for corporations (while the real price is paid by the tax payer) and lots of nuclear waste. A part of future is smaller units that can provide energy on a local level - that will replace a lot of non-renewable-based power stations. It's so cheap that the UK wants to increase taxes to give it to the energy producers, so that they are motivated to built nuclear power plants, which they are not. http://www.guardian.co.uk/environment/2009/oct/19/nuclear-ta... Common Lisp has a moratorium on language changes since 1994. they are getting desperate I wonder which patents Nokia wants to have access to. high-voltage direct current http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/High-voltage_direct_current Quote: ' For long-distance distribution, HVDC systems are less expensive and suffer lower electrical losses ' CLOS is runtime dynamic. Haskell is not. Haskell is a mostly static language. Common Lisp is a mostly dynamic language and provides all kinds of mechanism to make changes at runtime to the language and programs written in Lisp. The CLOS Meta-Object Protocol allows various ways to change the object system. This has been used for various object-oriented languages on top of Lisp, user interfaces, databases and other stuff. The 'dynamic' part of Common Lisp means that is a runtime programmable programming language. Haskell and Common Lisp serve totally different purposes. Common Lisp is there for incremental, interactive development of complex software - software that is always running in the development process and gets modified until is does something useful. Software that also can be modified when deployed, while running. I guess you have never looked at the ANSI Common Lisp standard and the manuals of some of Lisp systems... Lispers have used lots of powerful paradigms - and no, not everything is a list. If you look at the current Common Lisp development environments, everything is a CLOS object. Many have been done. ICAD has been written in Lisp and many turbines of several commercial aircrafts have been designed with it. CDRS was the conceptual design and rendering system, written by Evans & Sutherland in Lisp. Many cars from Ford and Jaguar have been designed with it. It was then taken over by PTC and sold as Pro/Engineer Designer. Mirai is a 3d graphics tool used for example to create the animations of Gollums's face in Lord of the Rings. Earlier versions of this software have been used for animation films and many computer games, for example by Nintendo to design the 3d worlds. There were other uses of this software, for example the Orca in 'Free Willy' was animated with it. Here is a screenshot of Mirai: http://lispm.dyndns.org/lisp/pics/Mirai-P5-Paint-Front.jpg Let us know when there is a similar Haskell app that supports 2d+3d painting, 3d modelling, 3d animation, 3d rendering, 3d motion editing, etc. in a nice application for, say, SGIs or Windows machines - then show how to script it in Haskell at runtime. I find Scheme quite a bit more ugly than Common Lisp. The simplistic design makes it much more unpleasant to use as CL. For learning programming its fine, smaller programming task are fine too, but anything interesting is just a pain. Scheme then provides much on top with SRFIs (and similar extensions) - unfortunately the base language does not scale. C/C++ are inferior. C and C++ are very bad as a dynamic and interactive languages. C makes it hard to write secure programs and C++ is just horrible in many ways. But C/C++ are superior as static low-level languages compared to Lisp. The Haskell programmers should really ask themselves how to get closer to C/C++ in speed - especially since the Haskell language implementations (GHC!) are mostly static and code is usually statically compiled - just like C and C++. If Haskell compilers generate slower code or user code is slow, Haskell users have little excuse, only poorer tools and/or poorer code. Lisp programmers do have an excuse, since the tools are optimized for safe execution of untyped dynamic (changeable at runtime) code. That's a completely different angle of programming. From there the Lisp compilers try to recover some speed by selectively removing dynamics and safety - where possible or needed. Lisp programmers ask themselves how to improve the compilers, but since both the application domains and the architectures tend to be different, things are hard to compare. C/C++ wins in the static performance contest. Lisp wins in the runtime flexibility contest. But those are really very different domains. You think that Common Lisp programmers think that C is inferior. The reality is that these are completely different languages developed for different tasks with very different implementation and design decisions. If you are a Lisp programmer, you can write graphics intensive applications in Lisp - you can also get near to C performance - but it's hard and it often is not full C performance (unless you are using specialized compilers). But still you would be very lonely (unless the company around you uses Lisp), since much of the industry uses C/C++ for graphics (from Low-level drivers to Maya). Still many Lisp programmers, despite knowing that Lisp and C are different, try to use Lisp either alone or together with C in performance oriented domains: sound processing and image processing were and still are such domains. One of the problems seems to be that nobody told the Lisp programmers that Lisp has been surpassed by Haskell. Check out the Haskell page on Music and Sound libraries and applications: http://www.haskell.org/haskellwiki/Applications_and_librarie... That stuff might be useful, especially if you like curses user interfaces. Compare that to some of the Lisp APPLICATIONS in that area: OpenMusic: http://recherche.ircam.fr/equipes/repmus/OpenMusic/ PWGL: http://www2.siba.fi/PWGL/pwglconstraints.html Common Music: http://commonmusic.sourceforge.net/ Symbolic Composer: http://www.symboliccomposer.com/windows/page_screenshots.sht... Somehow the Lisp programmers haven't gotten the message that Lisp has been surpassed in all respects by Haskell - I wonder why that is. Do you have an idea why Lisp has cool applications and Haskell has curses-based MP3 player frontends? The 'Common Lisp has no libraries' thing disqualifies you somehow. I think I have a couple millions lines of Lisp code on my laptop. ITA Software wrote now around 650kloc lines of code for their reservation system, additionally they are using 150kloc of public libraries. Sure the Common Lisp community is not that 'coherent' - the language is used for very different things. Still there are meetings and conferences where users meet. The first Haskell report appeared 1990. I'd say there has been lots of time to get applications written. Before Haskell there was Miranda. Common Lisp has a lot of libraries. Look at CLIKI for some pointers. So, did you write your Common Lisp library yourself? That's what I usually do when I miss some stuff or would like a different implementation. Here is an example: http://www.cyc.com/cyc/technology/whatiscyc A large knowledge-based system with several hundred thousand concepts (classes) and millions of assertions (facts and rules). Under development since 1984. I was at the ECLM a few weeks ago. There was that guy who said he wrote a few million lines of C code himself (he was not the youngest, though). He was presenting a signal processing environment written in Lisp. I found him convincing when he said that he prefers to code in Lisp. Some days ago I've made a version of Axiom runnable under LispWorks (with a bit of help from the maintainer). Very complex software with a complex build process, ported to several Common Lisp systems. Took me a day to get it to work under LispWorks. I thought type safety in Haskell is a compile time thing? Where are the runtime costs? Then I thought that non-strictness (!), non-mutability of data and referential transparency offer all kinds of possibilities for optimizations done by the compiler? But maybe the 'interesting research' done in the Haskell community is more into fancy type system features that get the author a PhD and not so much into compiler optimizations? You don't need to guess. Here is the list of special operators: http://www.lispworks.com/documentation/lw50/CLHS/Body/03_aba... Just tell us which ones you would replace. The scrollbars are a bit like the old OPEN LOOK scrollbars from SUN from 1988. http://www.guidebookgallery.org/ads/magazines/openlook/deadl... The scrollbar had the up and down buttons near the scroll thumb. Clicking on them also moved the mouse cursor with the button. This requires an X11 server where the mouse cursor can be moved programmatically ('warped'). the 'MatzLisp' thing was a joke. He never understood Lisp, Lisp was too complicated for him and wanted to do his own thing anyway. watch his keynote from some last Ruby conference. He described that he tried to learned Lisp and that he thinks it is too complicated. He is relatively clueless about it. Interpreters exist in dozens. In the Lisp community it is a sport to write those. Scheme has more than a hundred implementations. Many of them are much more ambitious than Ruby. The Ruby implementation technique is not very advanced - it is a very simple interpreter, hacked together. The Ruby language may be convenient to use for scripting, but from a language implementation standpoint it is far away from the state of the art. It shows. The Ruby implementation is about the slowest language implementation out there. There are dozens of Lisp implementations that are much more advanced, include compilers, etc.. Sure, Ruby is simpler and its implementation is simpler - that's part of the reason of its success. Compile-time type checking is available only in a limited form. For 'interfaces' and 'abstract classes' - add them if you need them (I have seen them in some projects). Welcome. My pictures from this year's garden season. http://lispm.dyndns.org/garten-2009/index.html useful -> useless -> stupid Just make sure that you don't make any phone calls you should not make in the first place. may or may not. who knows. Haha, we'll see. The Mac 128k could not run any useful program and was very expensive. You could not even develop software on it. The iMac did not have a floppy drive, no serial ports and no printer port. It had though so called USB ports (whatever that was). It was immediately useless for many people who could not attach their printers and insert their floppy disks. The 5G iPod was extremely expensive, had a firewire port and no USB. I did not even work without a Mac. PC? No chance. The iPhone? Ballmer: 'the most expensive mobile phone on the planet'. We know what happens, when PC enthusiasts predict the fate of Apple products... Somehow I expected a new Scheme implementation, called Ponzi Scheme. Because the CL code to create the string is completely inefficient. It starts that he prints a string with format, using a format directive. Instead of (FORMAT s "~a" string) use (write-string string s). Also, if the result string length is known, one can just allocate a result string and copy the source string repeatedly into the result string... There are other Lisp compilers which are about as fast as SBCL. For example on my Mac, the 64bit LispWorks is for many tasks faster than SBCL. SBCL is faster for some numerics, but 'typical' Lisp programs are running faster in the 64bit LispWorks. Then there is Scieneer CL, which is also forked from CMUCL, like SBCL. There are many more compilers for dynamic languages that people usually don't know. I would be careful to claim 'fastest', given that only few advanced compilers in that area are known to people. I'd say it's a performance bug. Replacing (format stream "~a" string) with (format stream string) gets rid of the problem. LispWorks has no performance problem with both forms, though. The reason is the SBCL pretty printer. If *pretty-print* is NIL, then both forms run fast in SBCL... Even with *print-pretty* set to T, LispWorks runs fine. You'll get a productivity boost with good people. Those are rare and expensive. Lisp is a bit remote from machines and their operating system: GC, data formats, ... Lisp has many degrees of freedom. It is much harder to control. It is designed for flexibility (even at runtime). The original Lisp was done for 'symbolic computation with recursive functions': Theorem provers, machine translation, computer algebra systems, knowledge representation, planning systems, ... If your problem domain fits into above list, then Lisp is likely to be a good candidate language to use. Then there are related domains where Lisp has been used with success: expert systems, algorithmic composition, language implementation (compilers, ...), deductive databases. Again, Lisp may be very useful in these domains. There are lots of domains where it does not fit that well or is mostly useless. From the domains above you can see that those are not domains that many people work in (compared to web development, database apps, accounting apps, ...). Lisp is quite useful in those domains, but they tend to be a bit remote from the current mainstream. Viaweb and Orbitz are exceptions. Most Lisp applications are relatively unknown and they are not widely published. Huge successes were for example DART and SPIKE. DART was a logistics system for the military (it is said to have repaid all the government expenses for AI research made) and SPIKE is s scheduling system for telescopes (originally for the Hubble Space Telescope). These applications were not written because some guys knew only Lisp, but because lots of the research applications in planning and scheduling systems were written in Lisp - because in this domain these applications work with symbolic representations of plans. One branch of Lisp Machines originated at the MIT: the CONS and CADR Lisp Machines. If Kent was at the MIT and was using Zmacs and ZMail, those ran on the CADR already. Lisp Machines from Symbolics, LMI and TI were later based on the hardware and software from the MIT, but they used new processors and the OS was extended. MIT stopped developing the CADR and bought the machines and software from TI and Symbolics, then. Kent said that he implemented things in TECO that people thought were possible only on the Lisp Machine. Writing software on the Lisp Machine was usually easier than, say, in TECO. Genera was Symbolics' marketing name for their proprietary fork of the Lisp Machine OS. TECO was THE editor for years - on PDPs. Its macros look like line noise (if you know what I mean). Emacs was 'invented' as a bunch of Editor MACroS for TECO. Now comes a new generation of machines (personal workstations). Kent was young and tried to show them that with software written TECO could do stuff like Zmacs (the first Emacs written in Lisp) or Zmail (a Zmacs-based mail-reader). TECO died anyway. The Emacs for Multics was also written in Lisp and got popular among Multics users. TECO was available for everyone who had access to a terminal that had some connection to a PDP (or similar). The Lisp Machine OS had this $100000 hardware dongle - the Lisp Machine. Wait, here in Germany they have built a Thorium based reactor for commercial use. You can read of its fate here: http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/THTR-300 Good luck with other variants of Thorium reactors. I'm pretty sure if there is ever one built, it will not be in Germany...