In fact, the fact that a letter could not encrypt to itself was part of the weaknesses of the Enigma machines used by the Germans during WWII, which eventually led to its breakage. It seems to me that this could be improved with a few handy shortcuts. Because it is actually running your commands in an actual interpreter, executing unplanned commands is only a problem because you can't input it. Having a few keystrokes to go back, edit/enter a command, go to line N, would make this problem disappear. Or do it the other way, and have a keystroke insert the next line from your script. Like Ctrl-R, but at the speed of my typing. How easy is it to generate the level from the set of tiles? I don't suppose you can name this magical institute that has more women applicants and staff? The fact that they are providing a rating instead of preference doesn't in any way prevent them from overcompensating. gRPC is not necessarily the magical tool everyone would like to believe. It is mostly developed by Google with a lot of magic in it. For instance, in Python using gRPC is totally incompatible with multiprocessing (meaning: it will crash both processes) and has been for a year (1.4.0...1.8.4), because of all the C logic (and multiple threads) running behind it. I for one am glad they didn't go towards custom protocols with single complex implementations, towards something that can be assembled easily from standard components. Using a blurred version of the whole image as background is probably better than what the OP is doing, as I understand it he's treating the background as a single fixed color. In particular my use case is cleaning up pictures of whiteboards, where the brightness from the room is not as constant as a scan, and the approach wouldn't work at all. Probably an easy PR for that repo though? Maybe I'm confused, but how this announcement from Facebook contain personal data? Twitter used to have RSS versions of every profile, accessible through api.twitter.com without credentials. It was awesome. They retired it years ago... I took the time to make a proxy (Twitter API to RSS), and though I did write a few more, a lot more services still provide feeds (such as YouTube, Reddit, Steam, GitHub) than I thought they would. RSS is still going strong. Isn't that where they are doing with the "paid subscriptions"? Twitch has that already with the "subscribe" and "bits" buttons. The step being changing their monetization policy without notice or warning, or blocking a popular channel for everyone? I never saw the amount of the donations as a limitation in the platform. Maybe the fact that it is so easy to setup many donations push donors to spread out their money too much? The amount of the donations was always the number one complaint I saw against getting donations through this platform... Personally I don't think I want to use them anymore if they move away from recurring donations to giving it all at once, like the blog post suggests. I wouldn't call the "live bookmark" feature a "traditional reader" either. It is actually pretty unique, and doesn't scale very well. Can't talk for the parent, but things like ..=, impl Trait (especially for arguments), new try/catch syntax, ... were pretty controversed (and that's among the accepted RFCs only). Zulip seems to be trying for "a better Slack", down to the (disgusting) pricing model centered around keeping your message history hostage. I have no need for a slightly better Slack. I can see how your topics make it slightly better to find message, but how do I find topics once there are hundreds of them? How do I find unrelated issues that popped up in a thread, like they tend to do in human conversation, and that people didn't bother to make into a new topic? "sets" is the English word you used You claim this is open-source, however I don't see an easy way to run this myself without relying on your infrastructure and signup up for an account there. Your "analyse locally" option requires an API key and is therefore very much misnamed. Hangouts and GotoMeeting are the only things I open in Chrome. I'm also completely sold on Tree Style Tabs, and I don't think I could now live without... Why is Java, a byte-compiled statically-typed language, "bloated", while R it SQL, interpreted scripting languages, not? I find the point hard to follow. Execution of an R script will go through many more "layers", downloaded from many different sources, and implemented in different languages. Those permissions though... I'd rather use an RSS Reader that doesn't access my camera, look at my pictures, control my wifi, and look and my call information. Yes. Ruby is not that slow, this is not quite the throughput that will require load-balancing or even caching. This is simply multiple Euclidian regions stiched together by portals. Seems very limited compared to actual non-Euclidian renderers like https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=0pmSPlYHxoY SSH has a configuration file (.ssh/config) which lets you set configuration for specific hosts and even aliases: Host reproserver User remi Hostname 128.122.217.96 IdentityFile ~/.ssh/id_rpz This is exactly what I needed. I set up this exact shortcut years ago, in Chrome, and have been slightly annoyed for months that "r sub/top" didn't work on Firefox. Thank you stranger. How do I get notified when this happens? While that page technically has an RSS feed, I am not hopeful that it is the kind that will update when you update the site. Then it should probably be "une IHM", for "Interface Homme-Machine". There are garbage collection libraries in progress: rust-gc[1] and shifgrethor[2]. If you mean language support, then no, not really, though it was discussed in https://github.com/rust-lang/rfcs/issues/415 [1]: https://github.com/Manishearth/rust-gc [2]: https://github.com/withoutboats/shifgrethor Either also lives on in the `futures` library, where it is used when you have multiple things that can happen in your asynchronous task and you want to stick to static types rather than returning a trait object. https://docs.rs/futures/0.1/futures/future/enum.Either.html I also feel like this approach is a lot more valuable in languages that use static typing, such as Rust, Java, and TypeScript. In a yolo-typed language, it is just as easy to forget to handle the return type or the thrown exception. You should back off whatever the error. This is on the client to implement. 429 is not directly supported by HTTP libraries to make the client wait, so I don't feel like it would help getting misbehaving bots to slow down. You can't wait to renew, or someone who's willing to pay the price will steal your domain. Can you elaborate on this? If someone pwned my container and is able to execute commands, what does it change whether they get to use a text editor? Otherwise, what does it change whether unused programs are around? I am also surprised by how much this seems to be an answer to that movement, yet it comes a year after this apparent deadlock and all this fighting. Agreed, this is really far from technical debt. It's self-contained, the purpose of the function is clear. Add a comment or two, a unit test, and this is perfect. What I would call technical debt is if he had inlined those tricks all over his code, making it very hard to debug a wrong result or move away from this technique. It's even more puzzling since those quotes are not required in JavaScript... Also the Steam Linux client. If seen whiteboards used for this, by people not knowledgeable enough to setup something like Doc (or rather, not organized enough to set it up in advance). Then someone snaps a picture and sends it around. My experience is quite different. I am experiencing a 500 error on every push to the container registry in my project, I contacted GitLab support over two weeks ago, and the person has clearly no idea how to debug this (and seems very unfamiliar with GitLab, for example couldn't find the web page for my container registry from my Docker image name, e.g. registry.gitlab.com/my/project -> gitlab.com/my/project/container_registry). Very disappointed. This reads like a complete 180 on the previous policy. It's very far from a "change of wording". Don't get me wrong, I welcome it, and if the most we can get I feel like it is acceptable. However calling it a "change of wording" is a bit dishonest, really you reverted it completely in response to the negative feedback. Be careful that some of those files explicitly include others. For example my (default) ~/.profile includes ~/.bashrc, my ~/.bash_profile includes ~/.profile, /etc/profile includes /etc/bash.bashrc... So your capture here doesn't show only the files that bash itself decided to load. You also won't see the fallback files (e.g. bash will open .profile if .bash_profile doesn't exist). If you're using the Docker image (grafana/grafana), GF_AUTH_ANONYMOUS_ENABLED=true > there are None jobs ahead of yours... Sounds like I'll be getting it soon then :) If you crawl a package repository such as PyPI, you will find a lot of that same stuff in packages as well. Which is even weirder because those are created from a setup.py which does not have a `git add .` equivalent. People are not good at building clean archives. Isn't that what GVFS is? https://github.com/Microsoft/VFSForGit I'm not totally sure what the point of this is. This is advertised as exit codes "for humans and machines", however * humans will always get way more information from a readable error message printed to stderr before exiting * machines do not care about error details from third-party tools, apart from whether they are an input error (which can be blamed on the user, if they provided said input) or an internal error (including usage error) which is a bug and should be fixed by the calling program's developer Indeed, the README has a lot of examples of using it in your child program, to report error, but no example of a parent program dealing with the reported error. I take "aujourd'hui" to mean "today" and "au jour d'aujourd'hui" to mean "to this day", which is not the same. And the famous "Qu'est-ce que c'est que cette chose là ?", meaning "what is this thing", but literally "what is this that this is that this thing there?" I understand it to be slightly different, but I am not trying to argue for its use. The problem is that we are considering an issue where different people can get different objects for the same hash. If the people checking all see the valid files, they cannot raise any alarms to save the poor victims who got poisoned with the wrong objects. They'll clone from the wrong fork, and no amount of checking hashes or signed tags will prevent them from running compromised code. If this is your threat model, you don't need hashes or signed tags at all. Good for you. Thankfully both Fossil and Git disagree with you and take the threat seriously :) EarthArXiv's statement might bring some additional context: https://eartharxiv.github.io/cos.html But there already are tags for the bookmarks, which do not need to be created beforehand... > Why is all stable software technology old, and all recent technology fragile? Sounds like survival bias https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Survivorship_bias I don't want to be overly simplistic, but the fact that this isn't even considered is a problem. Sure, some C89 and FORTRAN-77 code persists today, but how much has been lost/discarded? I'm sure we can find plenty of code written for non-standard C compilers that you couldn't even attempt to run today. It is likely that 100 years for now, running Python 2 code will be easier than running some (most?) proprietary toolkits used in the 90s (the ones he didn't mention). Could we get a winner according to some source? It's not like it matters a whole lot. Going by issuance date is probably good enough for most readers, but I have no idea how to go about finding that. crt.sh actually has their postgres database open to the public! You can connect with: psql -h crt.sh -p 5432 -U guest certwatch From what you're saying, the query would be: SELECT c.ID FROM certificate c WHERE (c.ISSUER_CA_ID = 16418 OR c.ISSUER_CA_ID = 7395) AND NOT x509_hasExtension(c.CERTIFICATE, '1.3.6.1.4.1.11129.2.4.3') OFFSET 1000000000 LIMIT 1; Unfortunately (but expectedly) it times out Also, how much resource does a 0-node cluster actually use on the control plane? GitHub is not open-source, though alternatives like GitLab and Gitea are. Are there JavaScript libraries that can keep the presentation in sync with the presenter? (or show some indication of the current slide) At a high level, if we assume a majority of people are following along and you chose a font size that works for them, having to turn the pages seems like a net negative, a return to printed presentations before video projectors were common in conference rooms. You can see which package depends on which package, if that dependency is declared in the package's metadata. But nothing at the file level. It seems to me that you have found two problems. I considered doing that, but decided against it because domain names are rented and not permanently yours. If I ever stop paying, make a mistake, or pass away, anyone can grab it and password-recover their way in all my accounts... I'm not sure if it's a good trade-off... The thread is 1 hour old. Or we could stop publishing/upvoting Medium posts... Doesn't the lock file lock exact versions? I actually always use the second one but with just `if ENV`, to catch the case where the variable is set but empty, which happens a lot in practice with Docker&co. async-std, their main competitor, is 1.5.0 Is this visible to other users anywhere? This seems like another group standing up against semver. Nothing in that post is specific to Docker. Also Git provides a `git describe` command, that builds a short identifier including a incrementing number and the commit hash (as well as the last tag). It's standard enough and used by a lot of people (e.g. Linux distros). It has the benefit of being instantly parsable by Git. What's wrong with that? Yeah this was brought up before. Obviously if that worked, that's the method Jitsi/Zoom/OBS would use. From previous thread: https://news.ycombinator.com/item?id=22830968 You assume that every terrorist (or most terrorists) acts rationally and has the knowledge you know. That is a huge assumption for your reasoning to work. I think terrorists make mistakes (or take risks), and I'm not convinced that we catch all of those either. Once again, that is just your opinion, presented as fact. Personally I would argue that people acting rationally stay away from the terrorism business. Or use cookies, a token in the URL, or any of the existing CSRF mitigation strategies. This is not a new problem. Sensitive and destructive HTTP endpoints open to third-party origins is a bug with many existing solutions. So much work was put into the design of HTTP and Websockets in particular to avoid so many problems. Like how Websockets were made incapable to talk to any non-websocket TCP endpoint, to avoid exactly this class of attack where your browser would connect to your local SSH, FTP, ... server. There is a built-in Origin validation mechanism, and every websocket connection is going to come with its Origin and Cookies clearly marked. The browser will even disallow cross-origin requests that can modify data (e.g. non-GET) by default. If you go out of your way to build something like Webpack's websocket endpoint and forget to validate anything, it seems a bit dishonest to blame this on "security of the Web". Will you? https://github.com/kotartemiy/newscatcher/issues/3 Except it wasn't, os.O_WRONLY is for os.open() (equivalent of open syscall, takes numeric flags), not the built-in open() (equivalent of C fopen, takes "w" and similar strings). The entire argument seems to be around how painful and pointless it is to teach kids syntax. However most of the tools and courses I have seen that introduce programming to kids do away with syntax, by using visual programming and similar. Does the author think no improvement was done to programming tutorials in the last 40 years? Constantine Shulyupin, https://github.com/makelinux/linux_kernel_map My problem with this is the same as every other such systems: changes are tracked at the cell or row level, and not transaction level. So if I issue a SQL query fixing a column, for example changing 'na' values to NULL, and someone simultaneously makes changes that make a cell 'na', after a merge those cells will still be 'na'. So in reality, every time I merge something I need to go over and manually re-apply my bulk queries if needed. While the UX is much better than putting CSV files in Git, Dolt does not have a better understanding of data than Git, and does not help with common data transformations either. Nitpick, but if you're going to cite a DOI, you might as well use the canonical URL: https://doi.org/10.1037/0022-3514.75.2.318 The fact that they tend to love their own children (which is not a specifically female or motherly trait?) has little to do with whether the life they want for themselves is one of caring for 12 of them. So will Git. My problem is if that specific cell was not 'na' when the batch change was applied. In that case, there is no conflict. If those were SQL transaction, one would abort and re-try, giving you the correct result. Even when using a transaction model as simple as Redis, you would get a conflict if you issued the correct `WATCH` statements. I can tell that so much effort went into this video, with so much explanations and those impressive animations, but then the sound was set to -18dB on export, making it barely audible. Oops! Sorry about the late comment (hackernewsletter) but I found the pricing page a bit confusing, since you mention both "one-time payment" and license valid for one year". Do I have to pay every year to keep using the app? Detecting and fixing problems after your app has been deployed is NO WHERE NEAR as good as avoiding problems. Not depending on thousands of packages from thousand of strangers is about avoiding problems. Auditing detect issues in published packages. You can't know ahead of time in your CI that an issue is going to be found in that package. Previous sentence in this paragraph: > By leveraging ownership and type checking, __many__ concurrency errors are compile-time errors in Rust rather than runtime errors. I am not very versed in those legal matters but I imagine there is a whole spectrum between Facebook (where all your content is personal and you should be able to take it out as needed) and Stack Overflow or Wikipedia (where taking out answered questions or articles when an author wants it doesn't make sense). I wonder how this is regulated, especially in regions with "strong" right to be forgotten e.g. Europe. More than once I have stumbled on deleted Reddit comments that looked to have something I was looking for. Maybe it's good that the right type of content is posted in places with the right kind of deletion rules, but this should definitely be advertised clearly (so people don't start Q/A type subreddits, and conversely don't post personal info on HN). > things that are not open source are rarely not well written I think you got lost in your triple negative there `List` usually refers to a linked list or similar. Vec has the important feature that it encapsulate a contiguous array, which matters in a languages like Rust. As you say, it would probably not work on foreign governments, but would be very effective on the general population. They could have used that to cause political turmoil (hopefully not enough to change something like elections results?) or influence stock prices etc. This just looks so uninspired... Where did you opt-in? I wasn't asked before it showed up, and then I disabled it through the "Settings > Profile > Profile Settings" page. An array of references. Plus, Python has no way to consume a contiguous array directly. If you do interoperate through FFI with code in C or similar, you will have to reach for numpy arrays, which are the typed, contiguous arrays of Python. I've just been using this function in my bashrc: kubea(){ if [ "$#" = 1 ]; then KUBECONFIG=~/.kube/configs/"$1" else ls -1 ~/.kube/configs/ fi } That way I can "activate" a specific config the same way I activate my Python virtualenv, for a specific terminal. I also add the basename of the config to my prompt. kubea myproject-PROD So you're not interested in helping in the study at all, you just want the vaccine in advance. It's funny, I used to have something exactly like this, but found that too many other tools and scripts also needed to access the right cluster. Persistent state works better for me in practice. Cool name. What is it? This entire website only has those two inspirational sentences and a mission statement. I had a recurring donation until they decided to take a step that was obviously going to get them sued. I support IA's mission and products, but won't throw money in legal proceedings they set themselves to lose; I feel like this is better spent on EFF etc who are serious about it. I object to modern intellectual property and publishing practices as much as anyone, but what did they expect would happen when they dropped their entire legal justification? I knew that! And I have no problem with it, since EFF are upfront about what the money is for (and are probably better/more rational about the battles they pick) So they did! However I can expect that if the odds turn bad, they won't waste money grasping at straws. If IA decides to pull another similar stunt, EFF probably won't defend them there. More importantly, I am not enabling those stunts with my support and my money, at least until this one is resolved. Of course I do hope EFF gets them acquited somehow, but I don't like those odds (and they probably didn't either and charged ahead regardless, which is my problem). I would love to "split the halves" like you said, and would if I had any assurance that the half they get supports things like the WayBack machine. However for all I know, they'll just use it to make the whole Netflix catalogue available for free next month. I guess what I'm trying to say is that their management lost my trust. Quantum Chess is different, it allows players to move a piece twice in the same turn (in sequence) at the cost of a 50% chance of not moving at all. This is different from issuing multiple different moves in one turn.