Start this trend, please: TWO sets of arrows. The first set indicates: Yes, I agree, or No, I don't agree. The second set is only ONE arrow, pointing down. This means, "This comment is spam/offensive/offtopic." It's too bad. Javascript-in-the-browser and Ajax are both nasty hacks that force programmers to do all sorts of shameful things. And the result is--wanky html tricks. Java, for its faults, is fairly clean when run in the applet environment. It has every superiority over JITBAJAX, except for install issues and a chunky load process. Yahoo games seems like just about the only applet success story. Of course, back in the day, non-trivial Applets tended to be too large for the dial-up accounts people had. At least that is changed. "TechCrunch, FeedBurner, iStockPhoto, YouSendIt, Meebo, Vimeo and Alexaholic. These are some of the most popular websites on the Internet. " Huh? Reminds me of an old person who had a stroke and has to shamblingly re-learn how to walk. Accidental clicks are 95% of Clicks. You probably have a better spirit than I do. I have [well over 15k], and really enough to live on for years without FTE, but I'm waiting until I actually have a revenue stream before quitting my job. "By the way..." Pre-alpha. Looks a little too cartoony for a financial app. Actually, umm, if Windows media player looked like this, I'd say the same thing: Too cartoony. Just to give you a baseline. I could use something which cost about 1/10th what this knife did to the same end. But it's handmade... Amazon has those knives at 55 dollars. Maybe he's using a different model, but you aren't going to get a handcrafted knife for 55 dollars. It would take at least a day to make from raw materials, and that's not much of a salary in France. If one Steve is rare, two Steves are rarer. Maybe someone could do the math, but it's pretty obvious. "pine became Gmail" Yeah. Google invented online email. Seriously, does google pay for fanboyism by the pound or what? Geez. I don't know. I can't think of any video sites offhand that are _worse_ than youtube in most respects. The player is small, grainy, hard to control. The "community" is full of appalling idiots. The search feature is the worst I've ever seen. They did scale it very well--outages seemed minimal. I'm sure that is the greatest technical challenge for video. Flickr is a real puzzle. Any jackass could have made that site. I think the stars just aligned for them. People can flippantly say things like, "Oh, Microsoft got lucky" or whatever, because they did get some breaks. But MSFT also did real work, not easily replicated. Flickr--geez. Most online stores have a photograph engine of some sort that does the same thing, as just one tiny feature. I'm a programmer, so it's pretty rare for me to disdain someone for being a nerd, but, geez-o-man, there's nothing like Larry Page in action. Oh, have you seen his girlfriend: http://static.flickr.com/47/112343641_e3af8465d9.jpg Webapps are sort of a throwback to the dumb terminal + mainframe model. This has certain advantages, and where those advantages apply, of course you're going to be successful. If you don't mind having less than 100 percent control over your email, and don't mind google's data mining it for [any|all] reasons, then go ahead and use gmail. Large corporations aren't going to do this, if only for legal reasons. Quick impression: Has the rough look of a squatting site. The bold, underlined titles remind me of the style used in v|agra spam. The google ads are too numerous. I strongly recommend getting rid of them until you get serious traffic. They'll turn away potential users. Okay--those are just style issues, subject to opinion. Facebook is referred to as an imitation of MySpace. Of course, Friendster was earlier, but really--they're all just online Frontpages, aren't they? (I've never used any of them, actually.) About Flickr: "so we built a lot of features that were deliberately viral." Ugh. A raw FTP server has half the features of Flickr, and 95 percent of the features that actually matter. It's reading panegyrics about upload-your-photo services that trouble me: Are we all just hacks? I mean, it wasn't so long ago the entrepenuership meant building railroads and auto factories. Now--you can be a millionaire if you use the " Another question: Let's say you've already spent considerable time (12-24 months, say) developing a product and then find somebody to partner with. What is the breakdown in company ownership? Certainly not 50/50 or even 60/40, I would think. Open up a newspaper, and look at some of the strips. Rubbish. Absolute utter rubbish. And yet they all got published! Somebody looked at them and said, "Yep, that's a winner." And here, unsurprisingly, is Watterson talking about how hard it was to get into print. Maybe--since this website is intended for businesspeople as much as creators--maybe it would be fitting if everyone remembered just how completely powerful people can fail--and not even realize it, nor be punished for it. See, this is why wordpad generates more revenue than Word. Ugh. Macintoshes. I know pg came out in their favor a while ago ("All the hackers I know are switching to Macs"...something like that). But, man, to see it in reality. My mother has an older OSX machine. What a piece of work. Even the parts of it that are supposed to be good, like the interface, are just clumsy. The mouse is ungainly, with one big "button", making a laughable full-palm-press-down the most reliable way to click. The scrollbars and window-edges are mysteriously hard to grab. The icons in the taskbar would have seemed childish to me when I was 10. The power of Unix is pretty well hidden. If I'm on my linux machine, you can bet I'm not using KDE. Without the shell, linux might as well be Windows. Now, if it was OSX vs. Windows 98, sure. But XP (*) is stable and the candy colors are easily removed. The security problems only concern the ignorant. I'm not too impressed by people who will pay a 400-800 dollar premium for the geek equivilent of a status symbol. (*) I've never used Vista. http://www.tigerdirect.com/applications/SearchTools/item-details.asp?EdpNo=2853515&CatId=2511 Versus http://store.apple.com/1-800-MY-APPLE/WebObjects/AppleStore?family=MacBookPro These are comparable systems, but the Apple has, as I said, roughly an 800 dollar premium. Actually, the cheapest macbook pro costs the same as the high-end Toshiba. If you make good money, it's not a big deal. But when the girl in the coffeehouse asks me what kind of computer she should get to go along with her minimum wage, I'm basically scum to recommend an Apple. The music business, huh? Finally, we're going to start roping in the chicks! Just like back in the FORTRAN days! Seems odd to witness a lot of business-type people arguing (or at least leaning) in favor of copyright infringement. I mean, we could argue for a while about whether some kid should be allowed to download songs off of bittorrent. That's just some kid. But then, you have a huge corporation doing almost the same (okay, okay, with all due equivocations, like: They're only hosting/distributing, not uploading). Well, google isn't distributing video out of a love of the artform. I mean, person X builds/owns something, and person Y profits from it, or at least tries to. See no problem there? It might come down to "might makes right" here, if google has sufficiently expensive lawyers. The seemingly obvious solution is to tack a 15-second advertisement on the videos and then share the proceeds with the owner. And vote THIS up if you want there to be user-configurable values via SQL injection exploits: http://news.ycombinator.com/x?fnid="begin;update Skins set Font='Comic Sans' where userName='mynameishere';commit;" "insanely great things the man has said" What the eff? Something about dead fish and the Japanese? All right, whatever. Very insanely great, indeed. Reminds me of a certain information minister for both coherence and modesty: http://welovetheiraqiinformationminister.com/ He's a good businessman, though. He took an early lead in the PC business and turned it into this generation's Sony Walkman knockoff + an overpriced Intel machine running Unix. Oh, and Wired magazine thinks his utterances are "insanely great": "The products suck! There's no sex in them anymore!" Steve, I owned an Apple II. There wasn't a mother Theresa pinup calendar's worth of sex in it. _Problem Area 3: Mouse precision ... Windows Vista scored a Mouse Precision Error Coefficient of 0.52, compared with 0.40 for Windows XP, and 0.08 (!) for Mac OS X_ Not even sure how to approach this in a critical way. It reminds me of the sort of made-up, seemingly-mathmatical, but ultimately befuddling stats that you sometimes here in infomercials for copper-wrist band arthritis cures. The windows mouse pointer seems to work on a pixel-by-pixel basis, when moving slowly. Not sure what kind of precision they are after. And if there was some serious problem, then gamers, who 1) Rely upon precise mouse movements and 2) Have low transition costs, would have moved to Macs a long, long, long time ago. Not sure why you're giving up. The fundamental problem with your website is that it has (by now) been done to death. You aren't going to get away from that particular problem with this: _It’s a new site that will allow you to keep all of your day to day information online, so you can access it anywhere._ Just some honest advice here, coz' I'd hate to see somebody spend months and months to do something so unspecific and, well, done-to-death. Did you notice that news.yc became reasonably popular almost the second that it started? Well, Paul Graham has a built-in audience, and that's how it happened. reddit is popular for a similar reason: Both pg and Joel Spolsky gave it some promotion. So, you know, you can't expect a similar trajectory. Two differences: 1. Your example is _extremely_ specific, and so will match up closely with the needs a particular (small) percentage of people. A news aggregator is very general. The whole reddit audience could shift to klipboardz tomorrow with little effect. That "little effect" is actually a bad thing. Little bad effect, but also little good effect. 2. Your example is a document, and not a service. In short: There are many, many more websites that make it to the top of reddit or digg, than there are reddits or diggs. _Microsoft, because it invented the XMLHTTP object and without Google standing forth on this aspect, you wouldnt have been able to see any of the above mentioned miracles imparted to the web today_ That's the most badly constructed sentence I hope to read all day. Don't feel like reading that. Here is the headline from twitter's website: "A global community of friends and strangers answering one simple question: What are you doing?" Okay. This sounds like a bad parody of the worst aspects of Web 2.0. I mean: I'm not sure how such silliness can be "TOO good". Is it good at all? Walk around any college campus and you are likely to hear the following half-conversation coming from somebody talking to his cellphone: Person X: Whuzzu? Person X: Not much. Just leaving class. Person X: Yeah, just going to class. Person X: Whuzzu. [click]. How to monetize that? Twitter? Whuzzu? Mistake #8. Causing unneeded confusion with the name: http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Samba_%28software%29 Keep talking. http://www.musiciansfriend.com/product/Neumann-U87-Ai-Shockmount-Set-Z-Microphone-with-Box?sku=271404 Sorry for the extreme confusion. You mentioned making a "great album". When artists go to make a "great album" they need to use great tools. Great tools are expensive. Ergo, 1000 dollars isn't going to do it. "There's a lot more to recording a band than having an expensive microphone." Indeed there is. Great point. Really great. Having _multiple_ good microphones is just one tiny necessity. It's just one tiny expense compared to everything else, and so that is why I linked to _one_ item. Do you want me to provide links to mixing boards, high-end reel-to-reels, synths, pianos, rental prices on orchestras, estimated costs of studio musicians, singers, engineers, producers, etc, etc? Because all of those things cost more than even very expensive microphones. Hope I've cleared up the bewilderment. Wow. What college did you go to? Unless you're talking about some particularily interesting skirt, I would have missed that... Well, he was an advocate of eugenics. He looked at the data available to him and came to a reasonable conclusion. But "reason", you may have noticed, can really, really piss people off when it goes up against conclusions they've drawn from other sources. As an experiment, write down the 10-15 best arguments you have against the practice of tattooing. Then, go up to someone who has tattoos and say, "Here are the reasons why tattoos are bad." Prepare for some incredible, but mute, rage staring you down after that. Now, try the same thing with human biology: "Here are the top 10 reasons why low-IQ people should undergo voluntary sterilization". The reaction is quite a bit worse. "In the old days," No. In the old days, home equipment had one track, and studio equipment had one track. Sgt. Pepper was recorded on a 4-track--what distinquished them were the things that you just can't get in your garage: Studio-quality accoustics, a vast array of equipment, world-class instruments and studio musicians, producers, arrangers, etc. Yeah, if you want to be the next White Stripes, okay, maybe you can pull it off. But then you aren't dealing with "great albums" by any measure. Sorry about all this; it just bugs me when people think things come cheap when they don't. Yeah, but there's _two_: http://www.socializr.com/ http://www.socializer.com/ So now they have an evil triplet. He should call it MySocializr.com You might want to hire a real videographer. The production quality was just too low to tolerate. Sorry. I don't get it. Sign up, "bid" everything on one girl, if it doesn't work, close the account and repeat. ??? Easy to game, and I'm not sure why any woman would care two cents for some meaningless "bids" in contrast with _any_ real-world criteria. LISP is faster than Java? With all that pounding on the stack? I'd have to see it to believe it. Anyway, FORTRAN is still faster than C at a lot of things. At the top of the Wiki, have two text boxes, with the first one editable, and the second automatic: Wiki [UserEnteredTitle] [ http://wamily.com/wiki/username/UserEnteredTitle.html] Then, non-members can see the text without any fuss. Now that I think about it, I don't see any way to easily link to my homepage: http://wamily.com/username/ One of two questions: 1. Why would they quit? 2. Why is this funny? XP is stable. It loads executables, runs them, moves files around etc, without much fuss. Google's code runs mostly on interpreters, so...wtf? The only people who should care are the accountants who would have to pay Microsoft. I mean: Is the punchline, "Ha, ha, google's engineers really are as immature as the bean bag chairs suggest"? (I withdraw my question if the answer is, "Because they wouldn't want to spend months on useless administrative tasks like re-installing OSes.") This is just the sort of request that would attract sharks. You haven't gotten too many rejection letters then: http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Rejection_Letter This falls in the not-very-good category of "mass printed letter". http://dictionary.reference.com/browse/shark Shark2 def 1 Good way to lose money: Believe free advice from Goldman Sachs (or any financial corp). "go where?" I don't get it. At any rate, failure is a part of business. Think of a store owner: He sits and watches people enter and exit all day long without buying anything. Failure, failure, failure. If you can't stomach it, then _that_ is your real problem, not what PG thinks--remember that PG has his prejudices when it comes to technology, and I don't think he likes games very much. So...if Microsoft is like the Israili army...who are the Palestinians? (!!!) I'd rather re-implement LISP (as in Greenspun's 10th law) than Oracle. LOL keep downmodding me. I'd love to see the hashmap-based transaction handling. Was it as good as this: http://worsethanfailure.com/Articles/I_Think_I_0x27_ll_Call_Them__0x26_quot_0x3b_Transactions_0x26_quot_0x3b_.aspx _molded to fit the problem_ Most problems I've worked on had to take scaling, concurrency, searching/lookup, report generation (joining), etc, into account...all of which a dbms gives you out of the box. Maybe we're dealing with _very_ different kinds of problems. Web-based OS. LOL: CPU multitasking ... OS Scheduler ... Threads as implemented by C++ or whatever ... Browser ... Javascript Interpreter ... Faked-out single-threaded multi-thread emulator ... "Browser-based OS". And of course, if you want an "application" in your "OS" you can always fire up Sun HotSpot. Umm. What functionality? I prefere wolfenstein in javascript: http://www.wolf5k.com/ Pretty neat app. Seems like a lot of the material depends upon multiple, overlapping copyright violations, however. The licensing sort of adds insult to that: http://creativecommons.org/licenses/by/2.5/ [quote] You are free: to Share Â— to copy, distribute and transmit the work [/quote] ...umm. Not really. _That means they're less likely to stick you with a business guy as CEO, like VCs used to do in the 90s. If you seem smart and want to do it, they'll let you run the company_ "Let you run the company" ? Surely a single round of funding doesn't take majority ownership from the founders? I hear its COBOL replacement went open-source a while ago. Of course, everyone is rooting for google because they love their free content, but when you seat people on a jury, then tend to take things seriously. The law says "don't do X". Google does "X". ...15 minutes of deliberations later... Google is found liable for doing "X". It's really straightforward, and arguments about information wanting to be free don't really work in a courtroom setting. Ease of deployment/integration is the crucial issue, of course. The Javascript+DOM+xmlhtmlrequest model is just so horrendously, hackishly chicken-wired I'm always ashamed to even touch it...much less use it professionally. Flash and java applets from day ONE were superior in every, single way...utterly superior...except when it comes to deployment/integration. Java applets have the habit of seizing up the machine and mysteriously failing to load...flash is a bit better, but is gradually turning into this decade's popup launcher. Neither work well with webpages. Their failure to really become platforms just shows that an extra second or two of wait time can be a competitive killer. But, if MSFT can do this right, goodbye javascript. Geez, pick another name. http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Richard_Stallman I tried to run the silverlight demo and it didn't seem to work either, so...more of the same. They had a backup server. Misplaced automation is the villain. Makes sense to automate a task that you do 100+ times a day, but backups are generally run once a day, and are recovered maybe once a year. My backup system involves a script with a bunch of copy commands that I can see flying by in the console as they work. This is off-topic, but the eventual replacement of televisions by computers+broadband annoys me for one simple reason: I purposefully threw away my TV years ago, and now I find the medium encroaching upon my life again. Oh, well. Great. What's their svn login info? It's a good article, and he sounds like a smart/decent chap. Funny thing is, from the earliest days, I've learned Pavlovian-like to respond to the word "Tripod" on any webpages by clicking the red "X" as fast as possible. Oh, well. I'm told that it's awesome. Vote up to substantiate this assertion. Re: Applets don't work. Let's all try this: http://www.jupload.biz/demo/0.90/index-demo.html Tell me if it doesn't work. "Google was based on a couple of brilliant ideas (Page rank, text-only ads, massive parallel implementation on cheap hardware) but none of those ideas were original with Larry or Sergey." http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/PageRank "PageRank was developed at Stanford University by Larry Page (hence the name Page-Rank[1]) and Sergey Brin " Geez, it's only named after him. Also: text-only ads are somewhat less brilliant than any number of things msft has done. Yeah--they _work_, but they aren't brilliant, and they sure as hell aren't original. Massive parallel implementation, of course, is hardly an "idea" of google's. Substitute "Amtrak" and it's basically the same story. I'll just throw out a bit of advice for no good reason: Don't name anything after a file format. They tend to go obsolete. Young or old? Rock music: Young is better. Classical music: Old is okay. Software business: Young is better. Manufacturing business: Old is okay. Mathematics: Young is better. Literature: Old is okay (actually, better). Chess: Young is better. (I could probably beat Fischer by now.) Contract bridge: Old is okay. (Don't laugh--Gates and Buffett play). Revolutionary conflict: Young is better. Invading Russia: Old is okay. http://juwo.com/main.html Yeah, and then he needs to test his site in Firefox. And then he needs to get rid of the "Donate $5" link. And then he needs to drop his dependency on ActiveX _AND_ Java. And then... And then he needs to stop using the "My First Webpage" style of links, "Click here", "Click here", "Click here". And then he needs to demote "(Note: No warranties nor liability, express or implied)." from being a banner headline. And then he needs to... http://juwo.com/nodepad/demos/boss/dentist.html Oh, dear lord. Listen, I've probably spent more time looking at your website than 99 percent of the people who've clicked on it. Try to understand this: _I still haven't the first clue what it is you're selling_ Okay? The reason no one is playing with the demos is because the website itself is like unto cerberus the dog of hell, protecting the product from all who draw near. Have ONE main webpage. Have this contain: 2-3 sentences that explain what the product does, and a use case. Example: "auto-ebay-1000 is a tool to automate routine tasks performed by ebay sellers. If you have 50 items to sell, auto-ebay-1000 can upload them to ebay, track them, and alert you to bids" Then have three links: 1) screen shots 2) Demo 3) How to buy Look at a quasi use case that you have: Do you feel, “Thoughts and ideas come to me at awkward times, unexpected places and not in neat order. I really wish there was an easier way for me to capture them". ...okay. The solution to that "problem" is: Pen and paper. Or a voice recorder. Is Juwo a voice recorder? Okay, fine: But an "unexpected place" is presumably one where I'm not at my computer. See? Your use case doesn't fit. _consider keeping a controlling voting interest in the company_ Not sure why this would ever be in question. Giving 1/3 of a company to a stranger is frankly inconceivable to me. Well, on the bright side, they're working for _you_ now, since you still own a large chunk of it. Seems like misplaced irony. Now, you're going to hear a lot about how wonderful LISP (etc, etc) is, but remember that almost every _real_ application is in C (Unix), C++ (games, other desktop apps), or Java (50 million goddawful enterprise backends). Try grazing. I recommend the open range. Why have invite codes at all? Just let people in the site. Speculation creates a market and helps resolve real prices (rather than phony prices--for example, 10 dollars a year for every domain, whether weddingshoes.com or xxxyalfjadsgjg.com) I agree. Free drinks are basically worthless--to the point of it seeming like a desperate come-on. Free food just means, "You are expected to stay here for lunch and talk business." The big questions are: 1. Money, benefits, vacation. 2. Do I get an office? 3. How much time do I spend fixing other people's bugs? Actually, 70% of the cells in the human body are E. Coli! I wonder what they're all working on. "Google is now adding about 500 workers each month" Hmm...500 people. By my calculus, 500 people should be able to implement about 100 business concepts every 1-3 years. That seems off somehow, but...well, they can't all be system admins, can they? Take a look at google labs: http://labs.google.com/ How many of those things make money? Some of them seem to be a part of a long-term Orwellian strategy: http://webaccelerator.google.com/ ...but I don't really see the revenue stream. What are they doing with all of those people except mocking up start-up environments and hoping for the occasional big hit? Wouldn't it be cheaper to just let the free market work, and buy other people's companies as needed? I am grown up. Thanks. If you read the spec for web accelerator, you will see that it will allow google to know exactly what you are looking at at all times. This fits the definition of the word "Orwellian" as I used it. Man, I can't wait for the day when google stops being untouchable. What the..? Who upmodded this guy? Go back to Sunday school. No experimentation! None!!! (Unless you're joking.) The only times I've responded to advertisements, I've copy-and-pasted the URL of the destination and put it in the address bar, to avoid any payment from anyone. _That's_ how bad techie people can be for business. My mother, on the other hand, will sit and read pop ups. Yes, but real value can be _delivered_ by trickery. "more excited than you" I'm willing to guess this is true. Oh, for the love of beans, they're taking the words straight from the mouth of St. Paul: http://www.paulgraham.com/pypar.html What he did was a bit closer to a marketing study than a drug trial. This is best: Utility.isEmpty(s); I think google's indexing of ad content is a minor problem relative to the fact that it is an accessory to millions upon millions upon millions of spam sites. But really, c'mon. I know, I know, I know, everybody loves them and they can never do wrong, but...a multi-billion dollar corporation whose business model is dependent upon people accidentally clicking links? _have to be politically disadvantaged_ I'm going to make a wild guess and say that, pound for pound, homosexuals have political influence twice as great as heterosexuals, and, in their core issues, 100x as great. _They say they have an answer to the new competition: quality_ Bigger, faker, titties. "We use different locations, rooms and couches." LOL: He means "Different cooches" "Joseph, Fishbein, Kaplan, and Coffman" Sounds like a law firm. OptimalSale is an awful name, really awful. It sounds like the title of a windshield-wiper-delivered coupon brochure. Twitter is _the_ effing stupidest thing I've ever seen in my life. Pollution be its name. Just prevent any submissions from it. I'm submitting war and peace in hopes of providing more substantial off-topic linkage: http://news.ycombinator.com/comments?id=26094 Re: "AI Manhattan Project" The Manhattan project involved almost no research (1). It was an engineering project whose constraints were manpower and money. The research was a somewhat more low-budget affair, viz, szilard daydreaming around London, Fermi working in a 3rd rate Italian lab. (1) One of the few actual innovations was the explosive lens. http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Explosive_lens Yes, but the Java code is shorter than the Lisp code. I'll take the slight performance hit to avoid the boilerplate. I wonder if his test doesn't have one obvious flaw though. I ran it three times and got: .46, .28, .28 ...I took out the System.out.println statements and got: .032, .047, .032 So I think he might have been testing the wrong thing. I don't want the masses to use Linux. My servers all run Linux. Super. But it doesn't bother me at all that mom and pop are funnelling billions of dollars into the pockets of my professional cohorts, RMS be damned. $4,824.14. The total cost of the legal fees was $4,824.14. (???) “The only reason Truemors is getting so much coverage is that it’s Guy’s site.” Too bad it's worthless. If he actually made something new and/or innovative, his celebrity would actually be put to good use.