Anyone who thinks using wolfram alpha for math is cheating has never tried using it for non-trivial calculations. Yeah, it will save you the time of looking up an integral from a table, but it's worthless if the integral isn't in a standard table. It will save you time on looking up the equation for the area of a dodecagon, but it won't prove that equation. It will save you time figuring out the units of the final answer, but it won't tell you if those units are logical. Wolfram alpha only saves people from the tedious busywork of basic arithmetic and algebra, the user still needs to do all the math. Facebook is merely one of the many successors to Friendster, which in turn descends from such social platforms as Geocities and Usenet. Facebook managed to emerge as a major social network by occupying a specific niche, namely it was exclusively for college elites. By the time it branched out enough that anyone could join, and thus sought to topple myspace, it already had a huge userbase filled with socially influential people. Plenty of other social networks have also popped up and become wildly popular: twitter, instagram, snapchat, reddit, tumblr, pinterest, etc. None of them are clones of facebook, but they are as similar to facebook as facebook was to myspace when it launched. No one is going to switch to a new social network that none of their friends are on unless that new network offers some valuable feature that the original fundamentally lacks. Just look at Orkut: it was a perfect facebook clone with the backing of goolge that became wildly popular in places where facebook hadn't yet become predominant, like Brazil, but it couldn't topple facebook in established markets because no one had friends already on orkut. Google tried and failed to launch many social networks, their mistake every time was that they tried to move on facebook without a sizeable userbase. Facebook has worked tirelessly to integrate every valuable innovation in social networking very rapidly. They've added hashtags, newsfeeds, video sharing, video chat, etc. No new network has had both a large userbase and a valuable new feature at the same time, and thus no network has been in a position to take on facebook as a general social network. Presumably Facebook will remain king until either it loses its vigilance (which seems very unlikely so long as Zuckerberg is at the helm) or a valuable new social networking feature is developed that Facebook fundamentally can't integrate. For this latter case, there are in turn two possibilities: Facebook can't integrate a feature because it is too technically challenging (which seems unimaginable given the resources facebook devotes to its engineering and acquisitions) or the feature is just incompatible with the rest of facebook's user experience (in which case this new social network won't resemble facebook much at all). Thus I would posit that, while facebook is not guaranteed to always be on top, there will never be a new facebook that replaces it. Facebook is the Tyrannosaurus Rex of friendster-like social networks. The latest Proton can get payload to orbit for a lower price per kg than an expendable Falcon 9. The price difference isn't huge, less than 10%, and it comes at the cost of using UDMH/NTO for its propellant. This propellant combination is both highly explosive and highly toxic. It's an acceptable propellant choice for ICBMs, which the Proton was developed as, but for everything else it's really unacceptable. The price of the Proton also does not include development costs, making every flight in essence subsidized by the Russian government. Once the price of the Falcon 9 drops due to reusability, it will be the cheapest launch vehicle per kg of payload. Way more people want to click on a link that takes them to netflix than to a wikipedia page about the 14th letter in the english alphabet or a random game from 2004. I'm working on something similar to this for prospecting. Unfortunately a major issue is that even minor impurities can radically alter the appearance of minerals. Google corundum if you want a good example. Another issue is that people tend to post pictures online of exceptional samples which are pretty much by definition very different from what one would expect to find in nature. Finally, visual inspection is often not sufficient to determine what mineral something is, even if you know exactly what to look for; other tests such as scratch tests or chemical tests, etc are used to make the final determination. All in all you're probably not going to be able to make a general rock identifier that gives useful results for everything. You may get away with something more limited, but even then you're going to need a better database of images than google for training. I agree though it would be cool to have. They're taking offense to the title being a mischaracterization of the paper, not to the result in the paper I'd say drop the first 7 questions. You have no reason to doubt anyone who can do the last 4 can do the first 7, and you have no reason to care whether anyone who can't do the last 4 can do the first 7. Unless you specified how to do so in your operating agreement (in which case you wouldn't be asking us) you can't fire a co-founder. Either he can leave of his own volition, or you can. I'm going to assume what you mean is "how do I convince my cofounder to leave?" While you say that your co-founder lacks the skills you need right now, you also say he has skills that will be valuable in the future, plus the fact that you are worried about losing his contribution during the busy season implies that he does make some contribution right now significant enough to worry about losing. You clearly need to bring someone else on so that you have the skills you need (no sense in trying to fit a square peg into a round hole), but that doesn't automatically mean you need to get rid of your current cofounder. It sounds like the startup is generally healthy and you are just reaching the point where you need to expand. This expansion may require raising more money or tightening your belts, but I would not throw away a proven good partner if there were another viable option. It's not necessarily unfair to ask him to tighten his belt more than you, though I would hesitate to adopt the mindset that it's his fault you need to expand. Now if the problem isn't that your co-founder lacks the ability to do what the startup needs but rather is refusing to do what the startup needs, that's a different situation. I imagine this isn't a personality issue if you've worked together well before, more likely you just have different visions for what the startup needs. In such cases, it's good to have some third party to talk to, such as your investors or any advisors your company may have. It's easy to disagree with someone, it's very tough to disagree with everyone. At the same time though, instead of going in with the intention of forcing him to see things your way, look to understand his vision and consider modifying your own to an acceptable compromise between the two. Imagine you have 8 companies, each with one open position and different job requirements, and 7 coders who each apply to all 8 open positions and who each have different expertise. Every company extends an offer to the candidate who is best for them. No company hires more than 1/7th of the applicants, and every company hires only the best, yet at the same time there are not enough coders to go around. Of course at the same time, the companies getting flooded with more applicants than they can hope to process are not the same companies struggling to fill positions, and the coders struggling through interviews are not applying to the jobs that will take anyone with a pulse. Writing code is like writing a book. You're not going to nail it on the first draft. It's okay to use a library that's probably not right for what you're doing but you can make something work, and then come back later and reimplement it with a more appropriate library. In fact, the problems you run into during the sub-optimal first draft will tell you what tools are really the best for your project. It can also help to have someone else to keep you on track. Find a friend, a family member, a mentor, etc who is willing to take a few minutes every week to play around with what you create and give you some feedback. Having someone who you can show off to when you work hard, and who will be disappointed if you don't, is a pretty good motivator. "The point we will be making here is that logically, neither trial and error nor "chance" and serendipity can be behind the gains in technology and empirical science attributed to them. By definition chance cannot lead to long term gains (it would no longer be chance); trial and error cannot be unconditionally effective: errors cause planes to crash, buildings to collapse, and knowledge to regress." This is an extremely flawed initial assumption. There is no requirement for chance to be centered around zero. Consider rolling a dice: sometimes you'll get more than the mean, sometimes less, but you'll never roll a negative number. You can certainly win on chance in the long run, that's the foundation of casinos and insurance companies. It's hard to imagine a scenario where trial and error can possibly lead to knowledge regressing. Consider randomly digging holes in the ground: after enough holes you will eventually strike gold, and you will never lose physical gold in the process. However, you may lose significant time, wealth, and effort that could have been better converted to gold. The optimal way to strike gold is not to dig more, shallower holes, but to learn enough geology to understand where gold is likely to be found and concentrate your prospecting there. No experiment could ever possibly hurt scientific knowledge. People tinkering will certainly make occasional discoveries. In a brand new field with a lot of low hanging fruit, these discoveries will be numerous and the cost will be low. But in a developed field where people have a good idea where the remaining discoveries are likely to be found and the effort to conduct such experiments is substantial, targeted approaches become optimal. Reducing the unit cost of experiments is always nice, but is not generally feasible. This strategy of "convexity" is a very poor substitute in the real world for understanding. Burnout is the mental equivalent of an athletic injury: you might love what you do, but you've been going at it too hard and need time to recuperate. A burnt out person was previously happy doing what they were doing but just now can't go on. Depression is a mental health condition that can cause lethargy and can be brought on by stress, but it is chiefly characterized by extended and repeated periods of sadness and self loathing and can be brought on by many causes, including traumatic events, changes in hormone balance, or environmental factors. Simple rest and relaxation will not, at least on its own, make depression go away. While a depressed person is having a depressive episode, they may find it very difficult to work, but in between episodes they will work normally. Laziness means you don't like to work, or at least can't motivate yourself to do the tasks you need to do. It is a character trait that neither starts nor goes away suddenly. Instead it something that must be routinely overcome. A lazy person may have a lower baseline level of motivation than a non-lazy person, but their motivation level should remain about as consistent as a normal person's; they won't have sudden unexplainable drops in productivity. Being in the wrong job means something specific to the job itself is problematic but the person is otherwise an enthusiastic worker. Instead of sudden dips in enthusiasm, or consistent low performance, they will likely show a slow but steady decline as the negative aspects of their job takes a toll. Often the person in the wrong job actually likes the work itself, but other aspects of the working environment such as coworkers or organization make them unhappy. Finally, these cases are not mutually exclusive. A lazy person can find themselves in the wrong job, get burntout trying to do it anyways, triggering the onset of depression. Luckily, the remedies for each challenge are very unlikely to have a negative effect on someone who is actually facing one of the other challenges. This isn't second order thinking. Deciding to eat a salad when you're hungry instead of a candy bar because you value health over immediate satisfaction is discipline, not intelligence. You're still thinking linearly about the costs and benefits of the decision, you're just placing more emphasis on the longer term costs and benefits. Second order thinking refers to holistically looking at a situation to see emergent behaviors, which allows the intelligent to see things that are not intuitive. Second order thinking would be choosing a salad when you're hungry so that salad becomes associated with relieving hunger, thus making it easier to choose salads going forward, which will create a positive feedback loop keeping you on your diet. It's the self-interaction of the decision that makes it qualitatively more complex than first order thinking. The supreme court interprets the constitution, it doesn't have carte blanche to rewrite it. It is security theater but it's set up that way for good reason. The long winding lines are intended to let cameras get good images of you from multiple angles and have time to run those images through a database. Anyone flagged is standing for several minutes in a heavily guarded area with no electronics, no shoes, not even a belt: they're in no position to run, hide, or fight. This "debunking" oversimplifies the situation by only looking at individual charged particles. In reality, after this thing has been running for a bit, you'll have a cloud of free electrons ahead of the craft and a cloud of protons behind the craft. As protons ahead of the craft are decelerated by the leading positive plate, they will eventually slow to a low enough energy to combine with the free electrons, becoming neutral hydrogen. Only when they get inside the capacitor field will the voltage differential be great enough to re-ionize the hydrogen, at which point the electron will be shot forward to replenish the free electron cloud, while the proton will be accelerated out the back. Analogously, free electrons approaching from the rear will lose enough energy to recombine with the trailing protons, again becoming neutral hydrogen which no longer contributes to drag. It's really no different than if you had a purely mechanical funnel scooping up neutral hydrogen and using that as fuel for a conventional ion-engine. I could totally see that. I live in an area with lots of very steep hills which would be murder to bike up, so I just don't bike. I never even considered that I could just get an E-bike to deal with them and then start biking everywhere. You can't really compare bone and titanium in terms of strength. Bone is strong in compression but weak in tension and extremely weak in shear. Titanium is slightly weaker in compression but dramatically stronger in tension and shear. Bone works great until it fails catastrophically (ie it fractures, breaks, and shatters) while titanium will begin bending long before it breaks. The latter is generally preferred in engineering structures, but since a human can heal its bones, the sudden failure is an acceptable compromise for consistent performance even at high loads. Finally, bone weakens as we age, as does the body's ability to heal itself. Eventually wear and tear will make joints highly uncomfortable and the potential damage from otherwise minor injuries significantly greater. Titanium holds up well in the body over human timespans, and our ability to replace titanium components far exceeds our ability to artificially regenerate bone. There are good reasons why evolution favored a composite like bone for our structural elements, but if you could magically replace your skeleton with one made of titanium once you were past your prime, it would be an unambiguous upgrade. Build some things which already exist. Inevitably you will run into difficulty trying to do something that ought to be easy. Those are the best problems to solve. According to the Hague Convention's relevant sections, article 1: The Contracting Powers recognize that hostilities between themselves must not commence without previous and explicit warning, in the form either of a reasoned declaration of war or of an ultimatum with conditional declaration of war. article 2: The existence of a state of war must be notified to the neutral Powers without delay, and shall not take effect in regard to them until after the receipt of a notification, which may, however, be given by telegraph. Neutral Powers, nevertheless, cannot rely on the absence of notification if it is clearly established that they were in fact aware of the existence of a state of war. There is nothing saying that a declaration of war must be preserved. Indeed the only mentioned method of transmitting a declaration of war is by telegraph, which does not preserve the information at all and would mean the message might be completely missed if the receiver was unmanned at the time. Ignoring the absurdity of declaring war exclusively via twitter, or the improbability that a declaration of war on twitter by a nation state would go unnoticed, it seems even an extremely rapid deletion of the tweet would not hinder the tweeter's ability to formally declare war, and thus the deletion could never be treason to begin with. There might be an issue with the Federal Recordkeeping Act, but this would be on the part of the entity tweeting, not Twitter, and would certainly not be grounds for treason in any capacity. This is an argument for people to wake up later, not for clocks to be set back an hour. Interestingly you can design a wastewater treatment plant in arizona without a PE license, but there are no exemptions for any type of engineering except that which would be done by a civil or structural engineer.[0] At the same time though, the word "engineer" in isolation is not protected in Arizona the way it is in some other states.[1] [0] https://codes.findlaw.com/az/title-32-professions-and-occupa... [1] https://codes.findlaw.com/az/title-32-professions-and-occupa... This conclusion does not seem to be the simplest conclusion from the evidence. Forest fires would be more rare in cold periods, but they would still occur - if they happened 10 times less often you'd expect to see around 10% as much fire usage, not 0%. While it is possible Neanderthals in the region abruptly stopped using fire in the region for tens of thousands of years, another possibility is that they started making a different style of hearth which did not leave the same form of evidence. Perhaps they switched to making fires in different parts of or outside the cave, or perhaps they built fires on raised stones that provided better airflow but also meant buried artifacts recieved less heat, or perhaps as sediment built up in the cave they started digging pits for their hearths which would make them appear older, etc. While none of this explicitly rules out the possibility that Neanderthals lacked the ability to make fire, that a hominin so similar to us that we could potentially crossbreed could survive in arctic climates without fire is an extraordinary claim, and absence of evidence for fire at these locations is not necessarily evidence of absence. Information would pass between neighboring tribes over time. Even if a small region had gone centuries without fire, the knowledge could return. Indeed, fire itself could be transported between tribes if one lost theirs. For a continent-scale loss of knowledge, you'd need a continent-scale loss of fire lasting generations. Any event that could cause this would certainly have left clear traces. If people are disappointed that they can't actually buy your product, it's only because they want it and can't readily get it by any other means (otherwise they never would have bothered with you in the first place). By validating your idea, you move one step closer to satisfying their wants and needs. If you don't validate your idea, or validate by a slower or less effective method, you are delaying, possibly indefinitely, their ability to purchase what they desire. While some people may react negatively to being "misled" like this, that doesn't change the fact it is objectively in their best interest. Your desire to avoid misrepresentation does no good beyond making you feel better about yourself for having followed an arbitrary moral rule without regard for circumstance. Any ethics system that says go against everyone's best interests to make yourself feel good is dumb. First doesn't necessarily cause second, but second almost certainly doesn't cause first. The comment isn't for educating the authors, it is a reminder for those reading the article not to misinterpret the authors' work. According to the original article, the governor's order did not state that virtual schools had to close. Rather the state superintendent interpreted the order to include virtual schools specifically so that the brick and mortar schools don't lose funding. > I was deeply disturbed by recent reporting by The New York Times about the nearly 70 million online photos and videos of child sexual abuse that were reported by technology companies last year. If the tech companies are reporting 70 million photos and videos, doesn't that mean current measures are already effective at finding and reporting massive quantities of child sexual abuse content? It's like complaining about firefighters putting out too many fires - even if there is some real problem causing an excessive amount of fires to start, there's no reason to interfere with the firefighters successfully combatting the problem. It is quite frightening that the bill's prominent supporters won't list even a single problem with the current system that they hope their new "best practices" would rectify. Significant progress was made towards vaccines for other diseases closely related to Coronavirus such as SARS and MERS before funding dried up. While a SARS vaccine probably wouldn't be effective against Covid-19, there's no reason a priori to assume covid-19 has some special quality that makes it substantially more difficult to develop a vaccine for. HIV resists attempts to produce a vaccine because of its high mutation rate. There are too many strains out there for one vaccine to ever be effective and no guarantee that new strains won't pop up. Had HIV been caught and contained early on, a vaccine cocktail could probably have been developed that would be effective, but now you'd still have to worry about any HIV positive person having a strain you are not vaccinated against and thus would have to take the same protective measures. Covid-19 has been mutating slowly thus far, so there is good reason to believe that if a vaccine is developed, it would be effective. It is possible and even probable that covid will remain endemic in some regions, particularly those with poor healthcare systems, and thus new strains will have time to emerge. We thus may need new vaccines for seasonal strains, similar to the flu, but still it will be much more manageable. At the end of the day though, a vaccine may not be necessary for life to go back to something close to normal. The US already has about 1.3 million community spread pneumonia cases per year on average which has a substantially higher mortality rate and we get along just fine. The issue with Covid was that we were unprepared for it - hospitals did not have adequate amounts of supplies and equipment to handle the sudden spike in admitted patients. This leads to worse outcomes for those who catch the disease and extreme measures to limit the rate the disease spreads. If all the hospitals already had tons of extra ventilators lying around and if everyone already had face masks at home and if businesses already had adequate plans for sick leave in place then this outbreak would have been a mild inconvenience. While we obviously can't go back in time, we will be prepared moving forward. There aren't many hospitals that have run out of beds, but that's not the issue. Many have had to resort to inferior alternatives for PPE as primary supplies have run out and global shortages have made them impossible to restock. The price of melt-blown non-woven fabric, the bottleneck in the production of N95 masks, has increased 10x as the machines to produce more take months to build. In countries like the US, people were initially told not to wear face masks so as to preserve the supply for hospital use; while the decision was not irrational, those countries where face mask usage by the general population was widespread saw much lower infection rates, and while the US has changed course it is still quite probable that if people had masks from the get go we'd be better off. The shortage of ventilators has required rationing - ie where a patient would normally be put on a ventilator when they had much more mild symptoms (and better odds of survival) they are now delayed until the disease has further progressed. Luckily ventillators from less affected areas have been moved to worse hit ones which has taken the edge off the shortage to a degree. Testing kits have been an extreme limitation throughout the outbreak. Their low availability meant it was difficult to trace contacts early on, major transport hubs like airports did not have adequate access to screen likely carriers until the disease had already reached most countries, and even now millions of perfectly healthy people are living in fear as the tests which would tell them they'll be fine are reserved for those showing symptoms. While it has been pushed further than at any point in living memory, the US health system did not collapse; the outbreak has remained within a manageable range. This is true only because of massive measures taken to slow down the outbreak. Millions of people are in lockdown and huge sections of the economy have been either de jure or de facto shut down, which has already evaporated trillions of dollars in wealth, and no price can be put on the lives that have been lost as a result of avoidable infections and inferior medical care. If we were prepared, we wouldn't have had to take those emergency measures to keep the infection rate low enough for the healthcare system to survive. Looks more like jazz hands to me but to each their own Why should we not feed the utility monster? Consider a population of mostly healthy people but one person has a rare cancer. There is a small supply of drugs that treat that cancer. The vast majority of the population would derive little utility from being allocated this drug (there is some small chance that they may get the same cancer in the future, so having it available does have value, just not much) whereas the person who has that cancer derives a much larger amount of utility from the resource. The cancer patient is in this case a utility monster and giving it cancer medicine is feeding the utility monster. Consider even further the case where most of the population is middle class but some fraction is living in absolute poverty. A single dollar provides little utility to the middle class people but a tremendous amount of utility to the extremely poor. Taxing the population some small amount and allocating it to the poor individuals would not only be feeding a utility monster but it would be directly decreasing the utility of everyone else to do so. Let's consider a third scenario: a researcher is trying to cure some terminal disease but requires test subjects who may die as various possible drugs are tried. The utility gain from curing a disease once and for all would be immense compared to the life of one or even a few individuals. Carrying out this research is again feeding a utility monster, and in this case literally sending people to their deaths to do so. While people might disagree on how we'd go about feeding these monsters in practice, society has widely accepted at least in principle giving medicine to the sick, providing welfare to poor, and taking calculated risks in the name of progress. The utility monster only sounds appealing as an ad absurdum argument because the existence of such a utility monster presupposes such an absurd situation. One can easily imagine that a utility monster which derives more utility from every resource than the whole of humanity combined could exist, but actually imagining such a monster is much harder. It feels wrong to support sacrificing the whole of humanity to one being because I can not truly comprehend a situation where one being could derive enough utility to justify such a sacrifice. But in this hypothetical scenario where the sacrifice actually was justified, I would by definition be able to imagine it, and thus I would apply the same logic I do to the utility monsters which I can imagine, and there is no reason to believe I would reach a different conclusion. Thus I would support feeding the utility monster if I were ever in such a scenario. > In the enlightenment you could make discoveries about lightning with a kite and a key, in your free time when you weren't working as a publisher or founding America. And yet those discoveries weren't made in the previous thousands of years during which people had been standing around in thunderstorms. The enlightenment represented a paradigm shift where a new innovation - the scientific method - was applied en masse for the first time and it led to revolutions in science, technology, and society. Whenever a paradigm shift happens, be it the practical steam engine or long range electricity transmission, you invariably have a lot of suddenly accessible low hanging fruit. The mid 20th century had a surprisingly large number of such paradigm shifting innovations such as solid state transistors, integrated circuits, jet engines, nuclear reactors, antibiotics, solar cells, the internet, lasers, credit cards, the list goes on. Entire new fields of science and sectors of industry popped up in a very short period of time. We continue to innovate, but our innovations are mostly evolutionary and there have been comparatively few paradigm altering inventions in the past 30 years, especially when one considers how much larger the population of sufficiently educated and affluent individuals who could produce such innovations has become and how much easier it is for such innovations to be communicated. It is impressive how good we've gotten at picking higher fruit, but we should still be asking why we are struggling so hard to find low hanging fruit. At a distance of 100 km, the gravitational acceleration caused by the greenland ice sheet is .019 m/s^2 or ~0.2% g. Doesn't sound like a lot but it's still 524 times higher than the effect of the moon's gravity which creates the tides. The ice sheet has the same gravitational effect as the moon at a distance of approximately 2300 km. If managers are disagreeing in public, it is either because they never agreed to something in private beforehand (poor communication) or because the couldn't stick to the agreement (lack of professionalism). Such disagreement is thus a symptom, not a cause of management problems. You shouldn't be undermining eachother with arguments, but forbidding such arguments does not fix the underlying issue, it only hides it and lets it fester. If something is enjoyable and rewarding, like making art or an invention, I'd want to do it myself. If a job is unenjoyable and unrewarding, I will use the fruits of my labors to get someone else to do it. I will pay a lot of money to whoever cleans my septic tank. Does that make septic tank cleaners socially valuable, or does that make having a clean septic tank valuable? If a machine can clean the septic tank and no one has to do that task anymore, then I can get what I want without either having to toil myself or convincing someone else to toil. Wouldn't surprise me if they had a little piston or something to push off every Xth bottle but there was an off-by-one error so they wound up pushing off every bottle with 348 printed instead, or perhaps they had to restart the line once and no one told the engineer to adjust for it so the place was off after that. While not done with neutrinos (at least not yet), a very similar setup is used for stufying geological structures. Usually either cosmic rays or muons produced by cosmic ray collisions are detected and depending on the number of detections over time, the density of the rock they pass through can be determined. By filtering the energy of the particles, you can look at radiation directionally (particles coming straight down have more energy than those that come at a shallower angle). You can have a detector next to a volcano and get an "x-ray" of that volcano. Neutrino detectors can also "see" active nuclear reactors. One could imagine using a detector located outside of a suspect nation to validate their claims with regards to nuclear nonproliferation (ie that they're not running their reactors overtime to produce more plutonium than they report). By selecting the energy of the proton beam correctly, you can prevent much besides the muons from being produced. Whatever other particles do show up - if not guided by carefully set up electromagnetic fields - will quickly smash into the walls of the device, generating heat as they scatter and decay. Some of this heat can be used to boil a coolant and regenerate energy, but for the most part it is just an inefficiency. The lead wall and some of the material around it will become radioactive waste as some long lived isotopes are produced, but they could potentially have many years of service life. Let's say a county is a 15 mile by 15 mile square with a square grid of streets spaced on average 1000 feet apart. That would be 2370 miles of road in the county. Assuming a lifetime for that road of 35 years, they need to replace 68 miles of road per year which works out to about 1000 feet per day. At $1.5/.32 miles, they would be spending $881K per day on road replacement. If a county run crew could cut 10% of this cost out, and 50% of that was used for labor, they could employ 198 people at 80k per year on average. A paver capable of paving 1000 feet of 24 foot wide road per day costs approximately 60k. Assuming 10% of cost savings went towards capital equipment, they could purchase 52 such pavers per year. For a more reasonable but still quite liberal budget of $1 million per year of capital equipment financing and maintenance payments and salaries of $200k for 40 employees, that 10% cost savings would allow the county to pocket $22 Million per year. Even if the streets were spaced on average 1 mile apart, that would still be 100 feet per day, and the 10% cost reduction would be $3 million per year. This does not include new construction or regular maintenance of roads, nonetheless other construction projects. Only very small or sparsely populated counties should have any trouble justifying the expense of an in-house construction crew. Just make a github account with a second email address And what are the odds you will encounter that situation again in the next 10 years? In the same time period, what are the odds you'll need a prescription for antibiotics for a common disease? No one is saying you should stop seeing doctors entirely, but several things that currently require a doctor's appointment probably shouldn't. You can make a new reddit account in 20 seconds if you don't want people to tie the comment you're about to make to your main account which is already a step removed from you. If you want Throwaway8675309 to develop a reputation, that's an option you have, not a requirement. That's why I started my kids off reading James Joyce. Once they learn to manage their vocabulary and really grasp how grammar is supposed to work, then they can read Dr. Seuss without picking up any bad habits. Sure my kids are teenagers and have never finished reading a book, but they'll be great authors once they do. Those who don't report incidents within x days of the first report should forfeit their 10% bonus for some pay period y to a pool to be split among those who do report incidents in the time frame, with those who report earlier receiving larger portions than those who report later. It thus is always in everyone's individual best interest to try to identify incidents and report them as quickly as possible. This is an example of what's known as a Rocket Based Combined Cycle engine (RBCC), sometimes also referred to as Ducted Rockets or Air Augmented Rockets or Ejector Ramjets. It's essentially the chemical analogue of a jet engine, using the thrust of a small rocket for compression instead of fan blades. While like a ramjet it doesn't have any moving parts in the airflow, the rocket engine lets it produce static thrust, so it can potentially take off from the ground. The pressure rise from the rocket exhaust can be much higher than what a mechanical system of the same weight could produce. The exhaust of the fuel rich rocket engine can be combusted further downstream with the entrained air, acting like an afterburner. The hot exhaust mixes with and heats the incoming air very quickly which is important at high speeds where the air has a short residency time in the engine. At higher altitudes where there isn't enough air to support combustion, the duct acts as a large and thus high-efficiency nozzle for the rocket engine. While not necessarily the best propulsion method at any one stage of the flight, RBCCs are unique in that they beat rocket performance at every point from ground to orbit. That all being said, RBCCs have some limitations. The ducts add significant weight and make the rocket more aerodynamically complex. For single stage to orbit orbit, most trajectories spend little time in the range where RBCCs provide their greatest advantage. For two stage to orbit, a Turbine Based Combined Cycle (TBCC) engine outperforms the RBCC for the first stage and the weight can't be justified over that of a pure rocket for the second stage. Finally with the advent of propulsive landing, the value of an airplane-like shuttle with a heavy structure has been called into question. While interesting and promising, it's hardly a new technology, it's been in development for decades. The Soviets were likely the first to seriously explore the concept in the form of their GNOM ICBM which reduced the size sufficiently for the ICBM to be transported easily on land[0], using Nasa explored an RBCC powered SSTO shuttle in the early 90s known as GTX[1]. Solid Propellant RBCCs have seen wide use in recent years for the latest generation of air-to-air missiles from several countries. [0] http://www.astronautix.com/g/gnom.html [1] https://ntrs.nasa.gov/archive/nasa/casi.ntrs.nasa.gov/199900... People are polarized because they don't like being not polarized isn't really a theory, it's a tautology. "Increasing rapidly by a large amount" is reasonable usage. does the sentence "Disasters would be magnified increasing rapidly by a large amount" make sense though? With a little word shuffling you can get something that at least comes out as coherent, but can you make it convey an idea more complex or more clearly than "disasters would be a lot worse"? Nuanced word selection can add clarity that would be difficult to achieve with more basic vocabulary, but too often people use wordgasms to confuddle the person they are trying to communicate with and make an otherwise vacuous statement appear more legitimate. Russia is on the verge of a demographic collapse as the generation born after the fall of the soviet union comes of age. Their military which relies on huge manpower reserves will have a much smaller pool to draw upon, domestic consumption of consumer goods will shrink, and the costs of public welfare for the elderly is going to grow significantly relative to tax revenues. This demographic shift has already started, and its full effects will be felt this decade. Russia needs to make a lot of unreasonably bold plays right now while it still can if it is to secure its position in the coming years. Oil sales and advanced military technologies are not going to be super useful in the long run, but they reduce Russia's reliance on its large population which is the more imminent threat. It's generally unsafe to assume counter-intuitive moves are irrational. Masses attract because they are attracted to eachother is not a theory of gravity, it's a restatement of the givens. People are polarized because they polarize is likewise a restatement of the givens. That people don't like being non-polarized is inferred from the observation that they are polarized, the same way that the attractive property of masses is inferred from the observation of masses that have been attracted. Theories explain observations, and predict what ought to be observed beyond the data used in their formulation. There is no explanatory power of how or why people polarize, nor any testable prediction made by the model. I concur, you wife not-not wanting the cup is not a satisfying explanation for why she keeps the cup. Likewise not-not wanting to be polarized is not a satisfying explanation for why people are polarized. > People are fit because they don't like being not fit. Except it isn't true. I've never met anyone who was fit but really wanted not to be. > I do not see a meaningful difference between taking actions to become fit and choosing stances that are polarized If you accept the theory that people polarize simply because they innately seek to be in a polarized state, then that would imply polarization is the default state that people approach without any effort on their part. Becoming fit requires active and continuous work to eat healthy and exercise. They are polar opposites of one another. > therefore that would imply this is not a tautology. That orange != orange does not imply that apple == apple is not a tautology. Everyone who has ever lived knew that things fell to the ground; Newton's theory of gravity describes how. It makes testable predictions which were subsequently verified. That's why Newton gets his name on it and all those billions that came before him didn't. Knowing that things fall is not the same as knowing what causes them to fall. Linnean taxonomy makes the very powerful implicit prediction that similar looking animals are related in some way to one another. While it would be many decades more before the mechanism of those relations were explained, the recognition that, for example, a dog and a wolf are the same type of thing was in and of itself non-obvious. What I think you are trying to describe is a model, which is a system of understanding information without necessarily explaining it. Only because in your example wanting != wanting, which is an unfortunate consequence of the language not having a good word to differentiate between the desire to possess something and the desire not to be rid of it. -(-A) == A, when A == A, is a tautology though. Plenty of people can visualize an image in their head as if they are seeing it in real life. As one of those people, trust me that if your brain is set up to work that way, it's pretty difficult to imagine any other way of picturing the world. Likewise there are plenty of people who honestly can't picture things in their mind at all. The fact that you are towards the middle of the spectrum does not mean the extremes don't exist. China's one child policy has created a massive cliff in their demography. A generation later, there aren't that many children to take over from and support their parents as they move out of the working population. While industrial capacity can be made up for a bit with automation, which china is investing heavily in, the common people will still see economic hardship. Further, the one child policy led to an extreme skewing of the sex ratio, which means large numbers of males will not be able to find partners in china. The wealthier ones will emigrate, taking their wealth with them, while the poorer ones will be left with nothing and no one to lose in a country whose interests become increasingly misaligned with theirs. For the moment, large numbers of people still remember when china was weak, and from these ranks come the party leaders who staunchly defend and promote national unity. These people will die off in the not too distant future though, leaving people who never had to live through the bad times which justified the communist government's existence. Much like how the soviet union collapsed as soon as the tsarist age passed out of living memory, china will struggle to convince the disparate parts of china are stronger together as their growth slows and totalitarian policies become ever more divorced from real threats. Unified chinese states have formed many times in history. They have also shattered many times. The actions in recent years of putting economic growth above all else, suppressing ethnic minorities in favor of a homogeneous Han state, and building up institutions for societal control are not the actions of a powerful emerging superpower but desperate ploys to stop history from repeating itself before it's too late. While perhaps they will succeed, at least for some time, I personally think the next few decades will not be kind to china. America and the west would be better served making sure they don't succumb to similar problems. Europe likewise has an inverted population pyramid and the horrors of world war 2 which forged the west's present unity is likewise about to pass out of living memory. The west is at least much more open to immigration than China so it has less resistance on the path to fixing its demographic problems (despite the rise of recent alt-right/anti-immigration movements). Further, the west's unity formed from many organic interconnections of economic and military shared interest rather than being forced upon it by a central authority, so those bonds are presumably more resilient. That said, the west is much more indebted and its power much more overextended in places like the middle east and africa. Its challenges will be different in nature but similar in degree. The world is likely to take a very surprising form in the not too distant future regardless of any attempts to shape it. Well I can't draw anything very well, but I can see in my mind a photo-realistic image indistinguishable from what I am perceiving in real time. No matter to what degree I interrogate it, I find no discrepancies with the real world. Everything I revisit is exactly as I remember it. I can read text in my dreams. I can make arbitrary changes to whatever I visualize and project them onto the real world as if my eyes were seeing it for real. Compare your memory of, say, song lyrics - you might misremember some of the words but that doesn't mean your memory of the lyrics aren't real, you are remembering a real and coherent set of words, not making them up as you go. When you hear that song again and you know what word is coming up next that is not your mind conning you, that is just successful recall. Likewise you probably know the melody of the song; though you might not be able to transcribe it, you would immediately notice if even a single note was off. More impressive, you can probably correctly identify a song you haven't heard in years from a fraction of a second long sample. If you show me some tiny portion of a photograph of something I've seen before, I will similarly be able to identify it instantly. I used to think that everyone experienced the world the same way as I did. Personally, as a visual person, I found graphs to be the most intuitive way of conveying information. How could anyone not understand a graph? But my brother can't make heads or tails of them. He's an incredibly intelligent person, but he fundamentally does not process and store information visually. I've met many other people who can think in ways I can't, such as people who can think visualize objects in 4 dimensions. If you want further evidence that thought processing is not constant across different people, consider that it is not even constant over a single lifetime. What language do you process language in? If you learn a second language, most people, myself included, eventually reach a point where you can think in that second language without using your primary language as a mediator. The brain is simultaneously incredibly powerful and incredibly plastic. Entire regions can be repurposed to function in radically different ways. All evidence points to extreme variability in how our individual minds work. Look at your computer screen. Really take it in. Where is the banner? Where is the exit button? What is the color of your underwear? Perhaps you will remember what color underwear you put on this morning, perhaps you will check, but it would be pretty weird if your underwear's color was constantly on your mind. Nevertheless, I doubt you would argue that your underwear did not have color while you weren't thinking of it. Now open up an image of a pirate on your screen. Click on the window and drag it down until the bottom half is off the screen. What color are the pirate's trousers? The computer is only displaying a portion of the image, so technically the pirate's trousers don't exist. But nevertheless the data in the image file would suggest that the pirate does in fact have trousers of a certain color, even if that color is just a number. You are correct that visual memory does not work like a photograph, but why would it? Your eyes don't send photographs via mail to a little post office in your head, your vision is a means of processing the signals of huge numbers of neurons firing together. Visual processing ought to the same circuits in the brain as vision, the fact that it behaves like vision is evidence that those circuits really are in use. Of course what I imagine is an illusion, no one is proposing that simply by imagining an object it will manifest in reality. The point is that it is exactly the same sort of illusion as the one that my brain makes when I see real things, and thus my perception of my visual thoughts is the same as my perception of the visible world. Okay, here's an experiment less subject to philosophical interpretation: Picture Jack Sparrow (assuming you feel like you have a good memory of pirates of the carribean). In particular, picture his sparrow tatoo. Write down what color it is. Then look online at an image of it [0]. Is the color the one you wrote down that you pictured? Repeat this again for any image you feel like you remember. If your mind were simply making you think that you were picturing things correctly, what you write down should rarely match reality. On the other hand, if you are actually storing visual information, your memory should pretty regularly be correct. Not everyone actually does store data visually, it really could go either way. With regards to your comment, the instruction was to picture a pirate, not a pirate's shirt. If you look at a photograph of someone, do you become instantly aware of all information contained within it with perfect detail? If so you must be great at where's waldo. For the rest of us, we perceive a gross overview at first and to identify any details we must focus in. But the fact that we don't know where waldo is before we look for him does not mean our brains are retroactively placing him into the picture. [0] http://www.jacksparrowcostuming.com/tatoo.htm I can't draw what I see with my mind very well for the same reason I can't draw what I see with my eyes very well: my hands are terrible. I do enjoy drawing, but it sucks to be painfully aware of how different what I produce is from what I intended to produce. Where I am not limited by my dexterity, such as with computer aided design, I can perfectly recreate what I envision. If you put it on earth, it has to survive whatever renders the earth uninhabitable. Given the very large number of potential bad things that could happen, something that can confidently survive all of them would be very difficult to make. If it's on another world, it is obviously already in a pretty inhospitable environment that is expensive to access, but that environment is unlikely to get catastrophically worse at the same time as the earth, and the costs of building it can be reasonably estimated. If you take out a 500k life insurance policy, if you take into account the time value of money it will on average cost you more over the course of your life than the policy actually pays out. You are technically losing money by having the insurance. However in exchange you put a known upper bound on the amount that you lose as opposed to the person who makes the rational choice to forego the policy and assumes unlimited risk. Likewise beefing up the one basket we keep all our eggs in is almost certainly more economical than getting another basket, but it is inevitably still a single point of failure. You don't design safety systems for every day, you design them for the worst day. For example, on earth there are nuclear weapons, so anything designed to last has to be able to survive a direct hit by a nuclear weapon. Even though a post-nuclear earth would still be nicer than mars, it's easier to survive on mars for centuries than survive that fraction of a second of nuclear fire. And it's not just nuclear - if you are going to have a single point of failure, it has to survive every possible thing - it needs to be nuke proof, germ proof, chemical proof, earthquake proof... Redundancy is much cheaper. Presumably the martian back-ups would return to earth as soon as the danger of the calamity had passed, so you still get all the benefits of Earth's habitability afterwards. Only the pre-catastrophe society needs to build and support a mars base. Not photo-realistically, no. Fine motor control and visualization are different skills. I can probably keep a pencil point to within .5mm of where I want, but that still produces a very crude final result. It would be absurd to conclude that just because a physicist isn't a champion at billiards that he can't think in terms of vectors, or that someone with a speech impediment can't process words clearly in their mind. That someone who can see an image clearly should be able to perfectly reproduce it does not logically follow. The lack of utility is a valuable trait for a currency. If a one dollar steel coin can be turned into a 5 dollar tool, then why would you keep your steel in the form of coins? But if you are trading in manufactured goods, you are essentially just bartering. Gold also benefits from its high density. If you are expecting 100 grams of money and have a scale that is accurate to 1 gram, someone can shave off .5 grams of material and convince you they are still giving you the full amount. The lighter money is, the more accurate your scales must be. On the other hand, making coins of the same material twice as heavy means using twice as much material: which both increases its bulkiness and cuts the number of coins in circulation in half. Making your coins from a dense material means you can have lots of small, easily carried coins instead of a smaller number of big bulky ones. Gold was the densest material known to antiquity and remains one of the densest materials on Earth. Well the key is that there is no one person making this call. Some middle manager instructs a bunch of peons to look for places to cut costs. One of them finds that doing X costs Y when doing it another way could cost Z. This all gets packaged to a higher up who just sees it costs Y to do X, and writes a report noting that X is a result of W. This goes up the chain to someone who needs to evaluate whether to cut U,V or W and they recommend W because it ultimately costs Y. This goes up another level to someone who approves a budget that cuts W to save Y and packages this into some nice talking points. The CEO then presents these talking points to the board and is congratulated for saving Y and then move on to questioning why X isn't being done any more. Every individual is making somewhat reasonable decisions from their myopic perspective but in aggregate they are incompetent. No one is deciding to let millions die, they simply don't take the time to understand what effects their actions have. Yes, and every time I go to the grocery store my ability to hunt mammoths is reduced. Anesthesia reduces my ability to just deal with the pain of surgery. A pen reduces my ability to chisel words into stone. Exposing us less to the challenges of the past is not a bug, it's a feature. Well the idea is that it took you years to put on the weight as your normal lifestyle is close to equilibrium calories consumed = calories burned. If you knock off the weight and maintain that same equilibrium then you should stay close to the reduced weight for some time. Of course in reality people's metabolisms and dieting habits change under such drastic circumstances so the equilibrium assumption doesn't hold up. That being said, there are plenty of people who don't care if they put all the weight back on in a few months so long as they have that beach bod for the summer. This is the wealthiest nation on earth in the most prosperous period in history, someone working 40 hours per week to support this society should be doing a lot better than "not dying of starvation." Food, water, shelter, and nothing more is the wage of a slave, not a free man in a free society. The same argument would suggest that spacious and luxurious ocean liners would be much preferable to flying across the ocean in a cramped tube. Sure flying is a cool experience but unless you're a CEO, lawyer, investment banker, etc do you really need to be in London by tomorrow morning? Supercruise is actually more fuel efficient than subsonic flight. You're going faster but also through less dense air and the engine works more efficiently. The major impetus for the concorde was actually to save on fuel costs. The reason the concorde lost out was that it was using inefficient turbojets at the same time that subsonic airliners were adopting the much more efficient turbofans. Turbofans for supersonic flight wouldn't be developed until the 80s. The concorde was woefully less efficient than modern aircraft but this wasn't because it flew supersonically but instead because it used turbojets. Modern aircraft use turbofans which are far more efficient. The concorde was actually designed to save fuel as supercruise is more efficient than transonic flight for a given engine. Unfortunately turbofans for supersonic flight weren't developed until the late 80s, by which point there was little demand for a new SST. Drag is higher, but jet engines are more efficient at higher speeds which compensates for the increased drag. Overall propulsive efficiency is at a minimum at mach 1, above that it starts increasing again. Beyond a certain point (supercruise) you get higher overall propulsive efficiency than at any subsonic point. You're comparing apples and oranges. The concorde used turbojet engines with afterburners. That's 10 to 50x the fuel consumption of a comparable turbofan like the one a modern airliner uses. If you are using 5x the fuel with an engine that should be burning 10x the fuel, you must be using it in a way that is twice as efficient. Again, I'm not saying the concorde is a more efficient vehicle, I'm saying flying supersonically is more efficient than flying subsonically. The concorde was an extremely inneficient plane because it used inneficient engines. Were it to use engines with the same efficiency as modern turbofans, it would be more efficient overall. I'm saying put vehicle A's engine in vehicle B to make some far more efficient vehicle C and it'll only take 5 gallons of fuel to move 4 passengers 500 miles. Ocean liners did cost significantly less than airliners in the beginning. A transatlantic ocean liner ticket in 1950 cost about $1200 in 2020 dollars while a one way flight to europe in 1950 cost around $3000 2020 dollars. Taking a 5 day longer trip to save $1800 is equivalent to getting paid $360 per day. If your salary is less than $90,000 per year, you'd be better off taking the ocean liner. The queen mary 2 is expensive today because it is nothing but a luxury tourist trip. Back in 1950 when there was serious ocean liner travel, an ocean liner ticket was much less than a transatlantic flight. Trains were also substantially cheaper. It is only absurd today to travel long range by ship or by train because people overwhelmingly paid a premium for faster travel to the point that the market for the other methods collapsed. If you study aerospace engineering you derive this in undergrad. Again, the whole reason supersonic transports were pursued in the 60s was to reduce fuel costs, and the attempts were abandoned when turbofans proved a better method of achieving that goal. Even today, when there is essentially no utilitarian travel by ocean liner, a transatlantic crossing in a balcony room on the QM2 is $800. An economy flight from new york to paris on Air France is $849. First class is $9,262. Drag increases proportional to the square of velocity times the density. At higher speeds, you can fly at higher altitudes for a given lift to drag ratio. Higher altitudes -> lower air densities. Drag overall does increase, but at a slower rate than just looking at the velocity alone would suggest. The efficiency of jet engines increases with both altitude and airspeed (which is why subsonic airliners fly as close to the speed of sound as they can get btw). At and slightly above the speed of sound drag dominates, but engine efficiency eventually becomes more important again past Mack 1.6. The important thing to remember here is that at the same time as the concorde was being developed, another technbology, the high bypass turbofan, was also developed. This looks like and is commonly referred to by the layperson as a jet engine, but the two are very different. A Turbofan is 10 to 50 times more efficient than an afterburning turbojet, regardless of speed. The concorde didn't have turbofans, the planes it was competing with did. You slap the concorde's engines onto any other airframe and fly at any other speed, it's still going to burn an order of magnitude more fuel than a turbofan aircraft. Compare the concorde to turbojet powered aircraft it is competitive. The turbojet powered boeing 720 got 16 passenger miles per gallon and the 727 got 10. In that context the concorde's 17 at over twice the speed looks pretty good. > Air pressure difference between FL350 (traditional airliners) and FL600 (Concorde) is about 1/2. But the speed difference was about 2.5x, so overall you would expect Concorde to need to expend about 3.125 times as much energy per flight hour. This is false. First, drag is proportional to air density , not pressure, with density at FL600 being 30% of FL350. Drag is increased by 1.728 times[1], which means thrust required is increased by 1.728 times, but energy required is not linearly proportional to thrust required. As a jet engine moves at higher speeds and through less dense air, it's efficiency increases and therefore the power required to produce a unit of thrust decreases. So even though you need 1.728 times the thrust, you need less that 1.728 times the power. Even if it were the same amount of power, at 2.44 times the speed you are only expending that power for 41% of the time, and thus the energy consumption would be 73%. There are plenty of very valid concerns with regards to the concorde and supersonic transport in general. For starters, you can't simply slap a modern turbofan on there and call it a day, you'd have to sacrifice decades of lessons learned to make high bypass turbofans of the necessary size, so they're still going to be inferior to more refined engines on subsonic aircraft. But the belief that the laws of physics force SSTs to be ridiculous gas guzzlers and no amount of technological refinement can overcome it is misguided at best. [1] This is actually an oversimplification. Drag does not scale perfectly with qV^2 through the transonic and low supersonic regimes. Wave drag dramatically increases drag close to Mach 1 (which as an aside is the source of the term sound barrier). Wave drag becomes less significant past Mach 1.4 though and by the time you get to supercruise qV^2 is once again a good approximation. Again, that's not my argument. I will continue to assume good faith one last time. Drag is proportional to density times velocity squared flying through air with 30% the density at 2.5 times the speed thus produces (.3)x(2.5^2) = 1.875 times the drag. Using 1.875 times the power for 1/2.5 = 0.4 times as long requires (0.4)x(1.875) = 0.75 times as much energy. This is before you consider that jet engines moving at higher speeds and higher altitudes are more fuel efficient. The 737 uses turbofans which are much more efficient than the concorde's turbojets. Trying to compare their fuel consumption is meaningless unless you account for this. If you compare the concorde to a subsonic turbojet of its era, like the 727, the concorde burns significantly less fuel per passenger mile. If you are good at something and the customer doesn't really understand the process then you can make it look easy, and no one wants to spend a lot of money to pay someone to do something easy. But if the customer knows what it actually takes to solve the problem, the real value of having someone else do it is much more evident. Even if you feel like what you do is easy, there are people out there who consider it indistinguishable from magic. The uninformed are impressed by the magic, the informed are impressed by the magician. You can have fireworks go off such that the light from the next one reaches the crowd at the same time as the sound from the first. Tempo can be adjusted by changing the location/altitude where they go off. Then you only notice something off when you transition between fireworks that sound different, and even that can be mitigated by having transitions where one of the old type goes off simultaneously with one of the new type. You can't really adjust it on the fly, but you can break the show into discrete blocks that are synced to pre-recorded music, for example each song, and trigger each block on a cue to make what looks like a smooth continuous show. Treating c1 and c2 as constants seems problematic. Different generations have different populations and access to resources such as education, technology, etc. The unknown knowledge to be discovered varies. The methods of preserving and transmitting knowledge vary. There were certainly cavemen born with Einstein-level intelligence from time to time, but without a foundation to build on, peers to collaborate with, or written language to preserve their knowledge, they would both create and pass on significantly less knowledge than someone in modern times. One generation might lose a large portion of all the knowledge built up for millenia prior during a civilization's collapse; while another generation may stumble upon a discovery which ushers in a short but extremely productive era of knowledge production. If nothing else, if you have 4 billion people in one generation and 8 billion in another then all else being equal the latter generation has twice as many brains with which to store and create knowledge. Conviction rates don't exist in a vacuum though. If you have a 100% conviction rating but have only prosecuted one case, no one is going to care. The real key is to bring extreme charges against large numbers of people and then offer them palatable plea deals. You get a large number of convictions with little effort and the few people who risk going to court aren't going to hurt your conviction rate much even if they win. Just because you can not be absolutely certain doesn't mean it's a coin toss with both options being equally reasonable. If someone wants to stop existing, they have the power to make that happen, while the converse is not true, thus choosing to assume someone wants to exist is safer. The overwhelming majority of people want to exist and the few who don't tend to be in situations where it easily could have been foreseen that life would be problematic; if you've lived a mostly happy life for a few decades, odds are pretty good that your offspring will do the same, thus statistically choosing to bring someone into the world is far more likely to be what they want. But going further, the idea that death negates the benefits of life is absurd. If you read a book and are sad when it ends, that means it was a good book, and you are better off for having experienced it. The ending does not annihilate the story, it completes it. And if the story should have some bad writing in it, that may be undesireable, but all the good writing is still there to be enjoyed. No matter how bad life seems to get, the good moments still happened and they can never be taken away from you. Sure we'd all like to avoid unnecessary suffering and postpone death for as long as possible, but only because we would rather fill that time with the joys of life - if you had to choose between experiencing extreme pain periodically or spending the rest of your life in an inescapable coma, you'd certainly choose the former. Non-existance is not a pleasant alternative to life, it is a fate at least as bad as death, if there is any distinction at all. Making emitting CO2 more expensive leads directly to releasing less CO2 for a given standard of living. If you 10x the cost of coal, that's not going to 10x the cost of electricity, people are just going to switch over to a different energy source. Likewise for large scale industrial processes and transportation. Further, most technologies that reduce CO2 emmissions do so by being more efficient, which reduces long term costs and leads to better productivity. The creation and installation of these replacements creates high paying jobs and stimulates the economy. Incentivising the adoption of these technologies allows them to be produced at larger scales which in turn drops their price, leading to wider scale adoption. Preventing catastrophic climate change of course has its own immense benefits to standards of living. Indeed, a high tax due to a high cost of removing CO2 from the atmosphere creates an enormous incentive for those who can not abandon their polluting methods to invest in the developments of better sequestering technologies. Waiting for the technology to just magically appear as a prerequisite for incentivizing its deployment is dumb. Assuming the fiber optic switches had their ports in the same position, why not just make some tooling to hold the cables in position relative to eachother and turn 600 cables into essentially one 600 pin cable? Or n 600/n pin cables? It's worth noting that Polk was extremely exhausted by his time as president and died 3 months after leaving office. > Identity politics is a term that describes a political approach wherein people of a particular religion, race, social background, class or other identifying factor form exclusive socio-political alliances, moving away from broad-based, coalitional politics to support and follow political movements that share a particular identifying quality with them. Its aim is to support and centre the concerns, agendas, and projects of particular groups, in accord with specific social and political changes. [0] Identity politics is when your politics stem from your identity. Holding opinions that are atypical of people with your background is the cardinal sin of identity politics, as disunity saps your group of its strength. [0] https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Identity_politics Clean the connectors while they are in their fixture. This opens up the possibility of cleaning several simultaneously. Making something more precise than a human hand is not particularly difficult. If you don't have the manufacturing capability to do it, there are plenty of job shops out there that can for a reasonable price. If you can make the connections faster, you can run more in series, so you probably don't need 20 sets. Even if you did, making copies of something is cheap compared to the initial development. External hardware can be set up to service multiple stations. Many cables moving together in properly choreographed ways are going to be far more robust than an intern fumbling around. If you're making the tooling such that it is difficult to do routine maintenance, then it's a poor tool design. In general, fussy and fragile things are the best for automation - you're already bending over backwards to deal with it. It's when things are easy for humans, with their amazing ability to adapt to circumstances and immense contextual knowledge, that automation struggles to produce competitive results. I think we're sticking on our interpretations of properties A, B, and C. I and the above poster are using them to refer to views fundamental to the political goals of the identity X. So for example saying "if you don't vote for Biden you're not really Black" is saying if you identify as Black, you must have the property of supporting Biden as presumably he is the best candidate for the Black community. You appear to be using property to refer to other identities. So someone who identifies as both Black and a woman would thus be a black person with with the property of woman. Of course proponents of identity politics want as many people of their identity on their side as possible, regardless of what else they may identify as, but you have to ask what being on their side means. Just saying X should have it better hides an implicit question: what does it mean for X to have it better? Many proponents of identity politics simply assume that everyone of identity X will agree on what they collectively want, but this is to assume they share the same properties A, B, and C which make them want these things. Our civilization, and presumably any other industrial civilization on earth, utilizes huge quantities of steel reinforced concrete. While the structures may only last decades, the material would be recognizably unnatural for hundreds of millions of years. There is no natural process which would produce limestone with veins of high concentration iron ore running through, nonetheless produce it everywhere on earth in a huge variety of conditions. Further, all the deposits of this weird mineral combination would form at the same time, and this period would be a blink of an eye geologically speaking. While there may be theories other than industrial civilization put forward, but it would be obvious to everyone that something incredibly weird happened at the time that civilization existed, and detailed investigation would certainly find other technosignatures once they knew where to look. Unfortunately most of what we know of human psychology is really just what we know of university student psychology. Biological structures are very efficient, having been refined by many millions of years of evolution, but in absolute terms they are not especially strong or hearty. Wood for example is a great building material for many cases, but a wooden beam is never going to compare to a steel girder. While you probably could make most things through some sufficiently convoluted biological manipulation, any high tech civilization would recognize that there are much easier ways to achieve the same goal. Any advanced civilization would inevitably be composed of beings who evolved to be intelligent, and evolution would inevitably favor those who use their intelligence to choose simple and effective solutions to their problems. Any civilization that actually arose naturally would - in broad strokes - look similar to ours because they are governed by the same forces of nature as ours. The only exception would be if for some reason they could not follow our path of technological development. For example if a marine species developed intelligence, they obviously could not easily utilize fire, which in turn would make any advancements in metallurgy nearly impossible. If you can't readily smelt large amounts of steel, of course you can't produce large quantities of reinforced concrete. Under such a circumstance, biological manipulation may be the only way to produce many things we take for granted. However this would require the devlopment of biological manipulation technologies without utilizing those other "conventional" technologies, which very likely isn't possible in practice. No one except the super rich just have a pool of savings that they are going to retire on; for normal people the amount you need to be putting away right now depends on the amount you are going to put away in the future. Let's say you are in your 50s, have a nice upper middle class job that you spent a few decades becoming qualified for. You are putting away a reasonable fraction of your income such that you can live comfortably now and retire in 10 years. Then the economy collapses, you lose this high paying job and there are no comparable positions available. You are unemployed for a few months and then under-employed working retail at target. You still have all the expenses of an upper middle class lifestyle, but with a salary maybe a bit above minimum wage. You can tighten your belt a bit but a lot of those expenses like your mortgage still need to be paid. Selling off investment assets despite the poor market and reducing the amount of money you put away for retirement is likely your only reasonable option to maintain your current standard of living. The stock market rebounded quickly, but people were still underemployed and had burned through a lot of their savings to stay afloat, so they didn't have the funds to buy back into the market, certainly not to the level they were prior to the crisis. Retirement is inherently a measure of savings, anything that makes you eat into savings will push back the earliest date you could have retired. Saying they simply didn't have enough money is like a doctor saying you just aren't immune enough to symptoms: maybe not incorrect but a thoroughly useless diagnosis. “the practice of withdrawing support for (or canceling) public figures and companies after they have done or said something considered objectionable or offensive." Imagine unironically arguing that public figures and companies should be actively supported despite doing objectionable and offensive things. > Imagine not understanding that there may be some disagreement about whether something 'considered objectionable or offensive' is truly objectionable or offensive And this is really the crux of the issue. If I find what you have done to be objectionable or offensive, it shouldn't matter that there is debate about what society at large considers objectionable or offensive, you have lost my personal support. If lots of people also consider it objectionable or offensive, and they all subsequently withdraw their support, that's how things are supposed to work. You don't get to decide what other people get offended by, nor do you get to decide how long it should take them to get offended by it. If my support is valuable to you then you shouldn't do those things which I say offend me for fear of losing my support. If you don't value my support, then you are free to ignore my cancelling of said support. This is what it means to live in a free market of ideas. Let's not pretend that this issue is some complicated and nuanced situation. There have always been weirdos out there who get vocally offended by dumb things - maybe you pissed off a bunch of flat earthers by having a globe in your profile pic - and nobody cared. The reason people are concerned about cancel culture is that they recognize that some of the things they have said or done or plan to do could legitimately be considered objectionable and offensive by a significant number of people, and rather than choosing to address their own behavior they instead choose whine about how unfair it is that people don't unconditionally support them. Imagine you went into a McDonalds and the cashier called you a racial slur. I think it would be perfectly reasonable to tell people that this happened and why it offended you. I think it would be quite reasonable if other people agreed that such behavior was unsupportable. I think it would be perfectly reasonable to request that McDonalds take measures so this sort of thing doesn't happen again. I think it would be perfectly reasonable for others who are also appalled that this happened to do the same. I think it would be quite reasonable to stop frequenting McDonalds if they instead did nothing. I think it would be quite reasonable for McDonalds to make the requested changes for the sake of not losing those paying customers. Now let us consider the reverse. Would it be reasonable to say that you shouldn't tell anyone this happened to you? Would it be reasonable to say no one else should be able to form an opinion on this? Would it be reasonable to forbid you from asking McDonalds for any sort of change to address the issue? Would it be reasonable to force you to continue frequenting that McDonalds if it didn't? Would it be reasonable to forbid McDonalds from firing their employee for a decision they had made which McDonalds considers to be wrong? No, there is no middle ground between forcing people to support things and them being free not to support things; it's a boolean situation. Cancel culture is merely a large number of people deciding to excersize that freedom to not support things. Sure should a situation move beyond people just complaining on twitter - perhaps people start doxxing or inciting violence - then that is unacceptable. But that's not what we are talking about here. If you have the freedom to say what you wish, they have the freedom to denounce you for what you say. If you can't take it, you shouldn't dish it out to begin with.