Which tasks are hard to accomplish? You realize you can tell it to use your system default to read a given format right its under behavior in preferences Whine much please provide an example of a) an application like calibre with a better ui and similar features or b) how the ui should work. You may be incompetent You couldn't be more wrong. Maybe if you have 4 plugins this is a workable strategy. What if you have 20 or 50. How on earth do you update any of them cleanly? Perhaps the reason pulse and gnome were disliked has something to do with distros that don't support the old versions after a new one comes out and foisted unfinished buggy releases on their users before either was ready for prime time? Why didn't you just pirate the songs you had already paid for? Or perhaps your reading comprehension sucks If you use firefox on the desktop and on android you can easily sync your passwords for anything browser related without any third party extensions and without trusting unencrypted data to a 3rd party. Rasberi Pi 2 $35 crummy usb drive $6 Keyboard from thrift store $2 Mouse from thrift store $3 Monitor from thrift store $10 A functional computer for $56. Not the best but probably a lot faster than the one you paid $2500 for. When I tried it Netrunner was an abortion. Its first stable release crashed more, both individual components and the whole damn thing, than Windows ME. Even the name is stupid and sounds like a 10 year old thought of it. While awesome in theory, it seems pretty easy in generic pentadactyl to focus a text field, hit ctrl+i, and have an instance of vim where after you :wq the contents of the buffer will be the contents of the text field. Also compared to a real vim window this lags terribly. Its also worth mentioning that its totally broken if you use vim-startify https://github.com/mhinz/vim-startify . Except every linux distro on earth...ever. Its sufficient just to NOT overwrite the mbr with your own bootloader if you see one is already there. Pretending this is hard is pretty disingenuous. How long have you worked there? Didn't you download gigabytes worth of os in order to run this in the first place? Come back when you can write excel as an excel macro. The argument that spreadsheets are easy for non programmers to use is not an argument for replacing programmers current tools with structured tools. Nor an argument against. The sandbox is a false or perhaps in your case imaginary sense of security. Malicious packages are still possible Its still unsafe to run software from anyone you don't trust Worrying about getting root is beside the point when almost everything valuable on your system is whats available to your user A app store situation where alternate repos or ppa need not exist because everyone can just add packages to some huge store is a horrible horrible idea. Unless you know they have the internet. That book is available from several sources. Safer. Its a matter of degree. Why does there need to be a way to takedown hate speech? Moderation provides a way for communities to decide what they will and wont accept and you can choose what communities you would like to be a part of. If a person spews hateful garbage all over the forum report or comments look to the people that run the community to take out the trash. If they wont find a different community. There is no reason you ought to be able to shut down speech because YOU find it offensive. It sounds great when its happening to a lunatic spewing hate but its a perfect tool to squelch free thought and discussion and it can and will be used for less benign uses if you put that tool in the hands of government. The poem made more sense than Janina Point by point - A private passport service that nobody accepts is no more valuable that the group of people that trust the people doing the verification which as of now is zero. In fact since nations are the arbiters of identity within their border there is not much chance of this changing inside this decade. - She admits she doesn't understand the technology at all just thinks it fits in with her super unrealistic libertarian ideas - All governments are bad because they are all in debt! Governments and people budget differently you can't reason about a government as if it were a massive version of your family. This is economics 101. - The blockchain will help us replace the nation state! The blockchain could provide the basis of a currency, distributed dns, identity etc I'm not seeing how distributed identification has anything to do with replacing centralized government or that that's even a good thing paying for just want you personally use and want is in fact an incredibly stupid idea. The kinds of things you actually WANT government to take over are exactly the kind of things that the free market is bad at and precisely because it is bad at it. How much national defense do you want this year citizen! - Getting fake married on the internet is so much safer! Of course because its not real. Real marriage implies legal and moral obligations. Those obligations are complex because peoples lives are complicated and include lots of complicating entanglements like money, shared obligations, houses, kids. In fact if you acquire all those complicating factors you wont find your fake marriage much easier to extricate yourself from. The more I read the more embarrassed I am for her. I'm pretty sure you could do that with nix and skip the docker part She had a affair with a married senior partner who was also a lecherous jerk at her prior job, betraying both her spouse and her fellow cheaters spouse. Then when he, the lecher, was under fire for his treatment of another female subordinate she defended him. Men make up 75% of the IT workforce and 82% of computer science graduates. If women aren't even studying the field it makes it a tad harder to hire them don't you think? People should aspire to hire the best people in their field not the "right" gender, color, sexual orientation etc. Anything else is bigotry under the flag of diversity. Also if you can do a little basic math you should be able to see that the average company will be no more diverse than the labor pool. For every company that is 50/50 other companies will have even less than the average. You mean the demographics of the videos match the actual demographics of tech companies shocking I don't believe Bram said it would replace vim I think he took something out of context. I think people aren't complaining about the quality of the app. Rather we dislike the fact that when clicking a link to a forum we are forced to decline to install their app before we can view what we are looking for. Personally I close the page. I really hope the creators of tapatalk go out of business. You realize the norm is that the taxi company owns the car right. Drivers rent it In a text editor something like easymotion for vim or I think ace jump for emacs makes this very easy to do with the keyboard. Ex I press 1 key then the desired character I would like to jump to say y all ys on screen are replaced with 1-2 yellow characters typing those jumps to that location. There are actually several plugins for this and several different ways to set this up. Some variations include typing 2 target characters leading to fewer possible matches. On net though you can jump anywhere on the screen in 3-4 keystrokes. Another example hyperlinks plugins like pentadactyl and vimperator have a function wherein you hit f to highlight all the links which are marked with letters so basically you can click any link with 2-3 key presses. Obviously this doesn't work with anything involving hovering clever expanding menus but for a large portion of cases I find using pentadactyl keys better than a mouse. This is one of the most ridiculous ideas I have seen recently and Trump has been in the news since then. Can you imagine not being able to work on a given feature on a given day or having otherwise sane builds of software that behave differently based on the clock? You realize that although LEO is cheaper to resupply it is actually more inhospitable right? There is by definition no resources available save sunlight. We have burned more money for less reason also make your head explode? I can imagine a variety of extinction events that could touch one world and not the other. I'm sure you can too. You are correct that code doesn't "expand on memory" but there is no fixed relationship between code size and memory usage. You could certainly write a tiny program that uses a ton of memory pretty easily. We are talking about a hypothetical scenario in which we have colonized mars. A meteor could take out earth but not mars for example "we have seen competitors actively exploiting our good faith by using our open source code to compete with us directly in commercial products. On the flip side, we have received almost no meaningful contributions to our open source code." The first indicates that they unwisely picked a license that allowed their competitors to do that and hoped they would share out of the kindness of their heart, the second indicates that they failed to find people interested in working for free on their commercial product. Maybe if they had been less generous with their competitors they would have paid them money which could have made it possible to keep it free. So no the "freetards" didn't kill it and by using such terms instead of logical arguments you reveal the quality of your intellect. They cannot take away licenses already granted nor stop existing holders from redistribution however I would think that the other poster would agree that such contributions are effectively wasted if the company discontinued the oss version. Article has a plethora of problems. "Each generation of technology goes through an S-curve of development - slow improvement of an impractical product, then explosively fast improvement once fundamental barriers are solved, and then slowing iteration and refinement as you solve every last issue and the curve flattens out. PCs are on that flattening part of the curve," There is no reason to believe that the non mobile form factor will go away in the coming years nor that we have perfected the "PC" a concept the article can't even seem to nail down. "just as the move from command lines to GUIs was" The gui became the de facto way for non technical users to interact with computers the command line didn't go away in fact the number one way a lot of users interact with their computer or mobile looks a little like a command line we just call it google or siri. "Second, iOS, ChromeOS and (debatably) Android have a fundamentally better security model" Than what windows? "No-one is going to found a new company to make Win32 applications" I'm sure we could find a recent one "And fourth, the broader scale advantage - the ARM/iOS/Android ecosystem is moving towards selling 10x more devices each year than the Wintel ecosystem." People pretty much implicitly need their own phone, they wear out/get broken quickly, and they are advancing so quickly that it makes sense to upgrade frequently. PCs are often shared, or at least less than 1 per person, are often seen as good enough for years, don't break down quite as quickly, and are often upgraded on a more leisurely schedule. This quantity of mediocre phones dumped onto the market doesn't allow you to infer their relevance and doesn't necessarily allow you to predict future differences in market share. https://xkcd.com/605/ In short reports of my death have been greatly exaggerated --PC You still have not provided your line of reasoning WHY it is nonsense. If you have thought this through and have useful insights please share. He is working backward from his own personal preference and working awfully hard to justify that as if he came to that conclusion for logical reasons. People often think they are acting logically when frequently they are working backwards to write narratives that justify the way they choose to act. It's really not drm but it sure is ugly Manning does it to. Fortunately it's super easy to unpack a pdf with pdftk or the like then you can delete the text of the watermark with sed or perl if you like then compress again. I have a script that removes a list of watermarks automatically prior to importing to calibre. Come to think of it I should propose this as a feature for calibre. The reverse seems to be true now with the closed gear commanding outsized prices I see no particular reason why this should be reversed. Factually I think we should forbid selling devices we are forbidden to touch and avoid the whole issue. Actually it most likely will lag years or more likely decades behind the capability of the cars because the people that stand to profit from such rules limiting the usefulness of self driving cars. So the human lives saved would be the valid rationalization. "What makes Waterfox so fast? It's built with Intel's C++ compiler. One of the most powerful compilers out there. This enables us to make the fastest possible web browser for all the code changes we make. This potent combination makes for an unparalleled browsing experience." So basically a build of firefox with a different compiler with binaries available for only mac and windows. For extra fun its based on an older version of firefox and there is no reason to believe it has devs backporting fixes from higher versions nor that there is anybody with the chops to build anything useful on top of it meaning it - Is virtually guaranteed to have security vulnerabilities and bugs that have already been fixed elsewhere - It will either end up with the same flaws you don't like about firefox or alternatively it will be forever stuck at an old version while the bad guys find more and more exploits. You shouldn't be subject to US law as a non us citizen regardless or would you like US citizens hauled off to saudi arabia to answer decency charges? I feel like your suggestion is extremely naive and wasteful of both hard drive space, transfer, and ram. Please explain how you can put an entire system together that way in a non stupid way. Its entirely possible for an individual app to have its deps included without forcing every app to work the same and I'm far from convinced that is a real benefit. It would be far better to work towards standardization to make producing a package for multiple distros easier. Actually Jobs prognosis had he not gone with alternative medicine was pretty good. From a forbes article on the subject "Jobs’ cancer had been discovered by chance during a CT scan in 2003 to look for kidney stones, during which doctors saw a “shadow” on his pancreas. Isaacson told CBS’ 60 Minutes last night that while the news was not good, the upside was that the form of pancreatic cancer from which Jobs suffered (a neuroendocrine islet tumor) was one of the 5% or so that are slow growing and most likely to be cured." http://www.forbes.com/sites/alicegwalton/2011/10/24/steve-jo... You don't think there exists a middle ground between a minority of the rich running our country into the ground and running the country like American idol? Most people will never be aware of every minor or even most major issues. I think the majority of people who were aware of it were against it. It forces people to - Write simple sentence bereft of complexity and nuance. - Split the same thought over multiple tweets hurting continuity - Use url shorteners making it harder to discern the source before you click - Write their long post on their blog and tweet the link to it. This post describing the limitations and disadvantages of the twitter character limit couldn't have been tweeted! Nobody would pay for this. They would just continue writing blog posts and linking them on twitter This is a non argument. Dismissing an argument out of hand as invalid because you say so adds nothing to the discussion. Feel free to expand that to an actual argument Which doesn't make it wrong. How many others do you imagine would pay twitter by the character rather than use mediums not so constrained and how much. The most expensive medium per character is text messaging https://www.twilio.com/sms/pricing and each carrier effectively holds a monopoly on reaching that customer via that means especially since plenty of phones still can't receive any other form of electronic message. Twitter has more than ample competition this kind of blackmail would destroy twitter. ok got it Lots of assumptions there. X isn't dead and wont be for years I would tend to wonder if there was a connection between how many Mac users who don't buy or need malwarebytes or for that matter any 3rd party security software and them wanting to scare people into buying their product. They don't want to hand out either health care or education. Disneyland with the death penalty => http://www.wired.com/1993/04/gibson-2/ Extending the popcorn button thought, the popcorn function doesn't suck because the engineer is an idiot it sucks because its legitimately unreasonably hard to make a popcorn function that actually works and if it were feasible at all would add ridiculously to the cost and complexity of the microwave. Since its unreasonable to make a reasonably optimal popcorn button it would actually be simpler and better to give the user more controls so they can make popcorn manually by setting the power level and time and starting and stopping it manually. Bash unequivocally sucks this is not to say it doesn't have its uses. Are you sure its not just other peoples experience that doesn't match yours rather than FUD? You understate the difficulties actual people have. My parents were VERY confused and frustrated with windows 8 until I "fixed" it to work exactly like 7 which they could not figure out how to do on their own. Most users don't even change defaults or even know how to find and install alternatives this is why software intended to be used by noobs really requires good defaults. I do not accept your premise and I have zero intention of investing money and the time required to read a book to find out what your argument is. Perhaps you could expand on it here? Nobody is saying root shouldn't be able to access such functionality but rather it just shouldn't be mounted rw by default. This is actually fairly uncomplicated. Fixing every vendors implementation is an impossible task. Ensuring that the default configuration can't brick your motherboard is an easy one. So do the easy thing to ensure user safety WHILE working to solve the hard one to the extent feasible. Robust systems must work in the real world not just in an ideal one. The mobile experience is in a lot of ways absolute garbage designed by incompetents. That the dominate platforms have any customers at all just illustrates how mediocre the entire software industry is. If software were medicine we would still be leeching people and learning about the miasma theory of germs. I don't believe you ought to be able to give up either. I think the point is they are ignorant but opinionated not that they understand the fine points exactly. Another reason to never buy Lenovo. Meanwhile Dell recycles bad parts and Apple glues batteries in is there an oem worth buying? Exposure IS worth something and a business that pays a team of analysts and other professionals ought to be in a position to access this and decide accordingly. In this case in the long run something is better than nothing which is what wired will end up with. As a publication they have little to offer to justify their high subscription cost and the portion of people interested in tech who don't use an ad blocker will eventually be the empty set. Alternatively they could offer tasteful text and image ads served from their own domain and many people would be willing to allow them. If only Microsoft had run with the idea of package management and trusted repos that has existed in open source for decades without restrictions that inspire people NOT to use it. Example to release a debian repo to share your software with your users you have the option to handle hosting/payment if any yourself and keep 100% of the revenue not 70%. Their position in the market is such that had they started pushing this around the time apt-get started to be a thing they would have had near 100% adoption and users would be used to installing everything that way and would be naturally suspicious of manual installation. Bad actors could end up on a blacklist that users would opt to enable. You would even have multiple black list sources from people like antivirus vendors etc. What about letting people decide whose votes they want to count for them. You can be as meta as you want to be with this. I don't want to count the votes of anyone my friend considers an idiot. I don't want to count the vote of anyone whose tagged as a #foo by anyone tagged as a #bar by such and such a group. Alternatively you want their vote to count double. Instead of a single score you have as many scores as you have users and its impossible to interfere much in others affairs. I think that this could be a very important improvement. When included in a larger work it would seem that you can argue you are charging for everything else and providing Firefox for free kind of like Microsoft and IE. Going with the safe analogy given reasonable suspicion and a court order its clearly within the governments powers to say drill the safe, it MIGHT be in the governments power to force the individual to open it depending on how they see it. It is hard to see how a 3rd party not involved in the crime ought to be compelled to work on the governments behalf just because they happen to have made the original safe and possess the know how to break into it. Can you explain how that duty comes to be? Foo is less bad because bar and baz are so much worse is a terrible line of reasoning Scrub? Do you imagine that one iota of crime would be prevented by making drug lords pack an extra suitcase full of money? If not they why bother. So logically if they phase out the largest note the drug dealers income stream doesn't get any smaller its just moved around in a lot more smaller increment and now you can logically say that some huge percentage of the new largest note is now used by criminals. At what point do you stop to realize that you aren't doing anything useful to combat crime? You can start by defining what the intention and purpose of the GPL is and move on to explaining how Canonical's uncooperative and unclear stance towards the community whose contributions enable it to exist serves to further those purposes. Instead of trying to put out the "twitter trashfire" How about avoiding using such a crummy social network? Patents are mostly bad and the bar for invalidating even horribly ridiculously bad ones is so high that if a patent was struck down in court it was probably on the wrong side of ridiculous and thus its demise is indeed a good thing. Physician heal thyself. It would be optimal if this could be made more clearly gpl compatible as the current owner has a compelling interest in Linux as they now offer their own distro. That said nobody is whining just wishing. It is comparable in that they are both filesystems... Supposedly the situation has been improving but at least as of months ago compared to zfs performance was horrible, features were lacking, and likelihood of data loss was a lot higher. I really think that although this might be a boon to packagers it results in an inferior system wherein people end up with bloated,buggy packages. I don't want to deal with 2 different package managers and new users are apt to be confused by the idea that they get packages from 2 different places. Windows XP users ought to be shown a fullscreen banner ad warning them to upgrade. I really hate that people have this idea. It's why people create apps which consist of a built in web server their own copy of chrome that connects to said server. In the end something that ought to have taken 10mb of space and 20mb of ram requires 100mb of space and half a gig of ram and still manages to be slow on a new system at operations that ought to have been fast on a ten year old machine. Down with the Javascript generation. Installers regularly install packages to system dir because it would be idiotic on a multi user system for each user to install different versions of Firefox to their home dir. It also serves to keep unprivileged users from installing software. You are free to install software to your home but it shouldn't be the default behavior You actually cannot make malicious applications safe you can however make nonmalicious applications inconvenient. You can make it slightly harder to infect the rest of the system leaving the factual truth that the moment you install malware you are hosed unchanged Which is not a good reason to design anything based on that assumption it's extremely easy for a single user to use a multi user system but not the reverse. Employers are people to we expect them to behave both ethically and humanely. Society doesn't owe you much but we can afford to give a little extra consideration to those who might be in need of it. You company wont go bankrupt or fall apart because of it. Taking the 3 days off to care for the bf regardless of whether his injury was his fault or half a day to care for a sick kid are not unreasonable requests. The concept of the community is an abstraction and in this case a bad one. There is no community. There are a million different individuals and within that thousands of communities each composed of some subset of those individuals. There is no reason each subset or each individual even shouldn't have their own opinion and based their actions upon it. Which means you will have one choice which has a 50 50 chance of being crap. We really need a single way for all compositors to delegate this functionality to a trusted application.