I think that small startups should ignore patents altogether. They cost a lot, detract from your mission (coding) and provide very little. You will not have the resources to prosecute should someone use the patent to steal your idea. The patent will provide no defense for someone else claiming that you infringed on theirs. You won't have the $ to mount a defense anyway. Worse still, the fact that you considered patents may give an aversary the ability to claim triple damages by implying that because you were "patent aware" you must have willfully infringed. Just file copyrights on your code as proof you were there first and leave patents to the MS's and Google's of the world. Use your time and effort to build your product. I'm not an expert of any kind, just my 2 cents. "The Joy of Sex" HA! Check ebay for the next week or so. You might be able to buy it back! Agreed. Whats being missed here is this: Registering a domain you think will be profitable in the future : enterprising. Registering a variation of a domain that someone else just registered because you think you might be able to extort some $ out of them : rotten. No cookie for you. A libertarian would think this kind of thing is repugnent as well. The difference is that a libertartian's first response would not be "we should pass a law forbidding this..." The macbook. Just plain macbook. I have both MBP and MB and I use the MB by far more. Longer battery, cooler running, lighter, no hooks to latch shut - all magnets and here comes the most important thing of all... Sleep. Yes sleep. Before I got macs I didn't think it was possible for a computer to come in and out of sleep so well. You can open and close the lid and it sleeps in seconds! Every time. Open and close it three times in a minute just to jot down a note or two. No prob. I can go days without recharging just popping it open when I need it. Forget to recharge, no prob, it has silently placed a hibernate image on the disk, just connect power, open lid, get back to work. This is a class act all of the way that no other manufacturer has even come close to imitating. Sleep on windows machines is laughable at best. Linux alomst universally bungles it unless you have "lucky hardware". I know, lots of people say "hey my XP laptop sleeps just fine"... No, apples do this spooky good. You just have to see it to beleive it. Get it for the good hardware and good support. Love it for closing the lid and never worrying that your work will be right there for you at a moments notice when you open it again. Photogs are a notoriously conservative bunch when it comes to this sort of thing. Witness the wedding photographer basically holding hostage the wedding pictures for extremely high "print fees" and denying the bride and groom any rights to reuse the pictures of their own wedding. This has been the "industry norm". We were unable to find ANY wedding photographers who were willing to allow us to produce a CD containing the photos from our wedding for the guests, at any price. A few high quality digital cameras and some volunteers solved this problem, yielded outstanding results and saved a ton of money. One more industry bites the dust thanks to greed and an unwillingness to change with the times. Good riddance. Perhaps someone should start a "nuisance registry" that tracks so called "artists" that abuse the spirit of the legal system in this manner. That way the rest of us can systematically ignore their "art" and they can quickly fade into the obscurity that they so richly deserve. This was a "pre-craigslist" affair. There were still dinosaurs roaming the earth!!! Instead we took a "the more cameras the better" tack. Not only did we have several volunteers with expensive high quality digital cameras, we also handed out bags of disposable cameras to all of the guests and encouraged them to snap away at whatever they found interesting. At the end of the night, they returned the cameras. 99% of all of the pictures were crap but among the nearly 10,000 pictures there were astonishing gems that no professional could have captured. It all came out to be less than half of the cost of the lowest price "professional" that we found. The CD was mailed to all of the guests a week later and everyone was captivated by the participatory nature of it all. Everyone has heard horror stories about the pro going out of business, or losing the pictures. When you have 300 cameras, this is not a fear that you have! There's a startup in there somewhere I feel it! Anyone game to develop it? Reboot once a year!? Who has time for that! I've got a few redhat boxes that just celebrated 900 days! Yeah, that is good advice. I'd do it if I cared at all about what was on them. They're just part of the "long tail" of hardware, long migrated off of. Now we just let them run for the novelty of saying, "look its been up for YEARS!" One does a webcam of the server room. As a side note, every single production server we now use is a vmware instance... how do you count uptime there as it gets passed around various physical machines? I think that the chance of a "world wide" depression like 1929 is remote at this stage in human progress. During that depression, there was very little wealth in the world, just a lot of credit based on a jubilant realization that humans had learned a trick that was geometrically generating wealth. It was a bit of over-excitement that led to a temporary stall right at the base of the j-curve. The most important issue was that nearly all of the factors of production worldwide rested in one nation, the USA. Even those factors outside the USA were still contained in "western" culture nations. America's problem became everyone's problem. The USA is no longer the center of the world. The factors of production are now distributed all around the world and are contained in many cultures. In addition to this, much of mankind's wealth is now intellectual as well as physical. The shenanigans of a few rich white men who shuffle paper money and don't build anything no longer have the power to bankrupt the world. Think of it this way; Even if every major financial market crashed simultaneously worldwide, we still don't have to reinvent tetracycline, or rebuild the Hoover dam. Depressions and recessions might just be nature's way of slapping humans upside the head and saying "quit diddling on little scraps of paper and go build something useful." In all seriousness, math is just a tool. Its a powerful, complicated tool, no doubt, but even novices can learn to use it effectively. Think of it as a magic chisel. If all you need it for is to pry a lid off of something, you can learn to do that fairly quickly. Those who choose to put in the time to learn to use it effectively can create beautiful sculptures. There has been some discussion here before about "genius" and it has been (correctly IMHO) judged to be overrated in comparison to diligence. Decide if you need math to solve the kinds of problems you wish to solve. If so, put in the diligence to learn the math you need. It will serve you well, genius or not. True, but I think Wile E. might be at that stage where he's feeling around underneath him for the ground that used to be there. :) The difference is not how "hard" the work is, but how many people could do it. Any doctor could pick grapes, but very few grape pickers could be doctors. Scarcity of doctors, high pay; plenty of grape pickers, low pay. The problem we are having is that the economics are being changed in a occluded space. The doctor makes 250k, but has to shell out 60k for malpractice insurance, and 30k a year to repay student loans for nearly a decade. The lawyer trudges to work every day to stick postits on briefs in order to get that "big score" from a medical liability suit, knowing that he is part of the problem; I'll just grin and bear it until I make partner... Picking grapes starts to look pretty good. What will we do when all of the good doctors decide to pick grapes? Film in combination with eyes creates an almost fractal viewing experience. You can look closely at portions of the screen and see greater detail. With an iphone, you get that meager resolution and that's it. I find myself pulling the thing ever closer until it may as well be a panorama but frustratingly, never seeing any more detail. The opposite actually, if I view it from anything but arms length, I become painfully aware of its deficiencies. The rant was right on the money and funny as well. Agreed. At least a selection of different musicians could have been chosen. What we have proved is that ONE GUY plays a new violin as well as he plays the stradivarius. Every violin has a "personality" and as you live it and love it, you become tuned to how to produce the best from it. Is there a space containing extra greatness in the Strad that simply cannot be reached, even by a good player, who has not played the thing for years and years and discovered all of its personality? Or you could get a golf tdi thats a few years old. Mine used to get about 45mpg.. 50 with a good tail wind. :) To the founder type, as strange as it sounds, (inherited) wealth is a curse. It will color every every success you achieve for the rest of your life. "Yeah, he started X.com" they'll say, "but he had all of daddy's money; How could he possibly fail?" Even a small windfall will rob you of the ability to achieve greatness, if not in your own eyes, certainly in the eyes of others. There's just something right starting with nothing but a tiny apartment, 2 ebay computers and a folding table! Naahhh, a brain in a dish could never raise enough $ to become a high level scientologist. Plus everyone knows that Hollywood cares nothing about brains! Although, it would be crazy-cool if scientologists were to go around saying "Gee, brain, what do you want to do tonight?" Again and again, the question comes up, but no one ever asks "Might space exploration be a BETTER use of all of the money that we waste on all of the other crap in this country?" What if we as a society could just get together and call off the NFL and britney spears for a year or two and use all of that money for more worthwhile endevors. And yes, of course, "the war" (whichever one we are in at the moment) goes without saying. The biggest thing to keep in mind is that you will be transitioning into a world of "butt time". Your employer will care far less about what you do than where you do it. You could institute world peace and make your company a billion dollars from your arm chair at home and your boss will still call it vacation. As a bit of advice for working in this world... You have no control over when you work, so you must regulate the density of your work in order to keep from burning out. What you would do in a single day at your startup takes people at "normal companies" many days or even weeks to accomplish. Also, guard your time off like For Knox. If you are willing to "sacrifice for the team" your boss will gladly steal as much time from you as you are not willing to defend. Work ends at 5, anything further will need further compensation, be it overtime or extra vacation. Your boss asking you to work extra with no extra reward is stealing, pure and simple. Use more tact to say that to your boss, but make no mistake, this is what it is. Lastly, try not to think too much. 90% of what goes on in an office is inane nonsense having nothing to do with the bussiness at hand. Its just part of the deal. Dwelling on this will only frustrate you. Get your zen on and roll with it. Good luck. Heh, I feel that pain. I tried to install Vista about a week ago after not having run windows since 2001. I never did get it all working right, plus thanks to (I think) not having some drivers right, my 2Ghz dual core with 3 gig ram was so slow it was unusable. I'm out of time for now but I'll try agian later in a few weeks after I buy some "vista ready" gear. Ok, Kudos to Randall. That was a sharp idea to be sure. That's also some fine looking perl compared to what I deal with on a daily basis. Good job guys. It would take microsoft nearly a decade to complete a feature like that... and then when they were done, there'd be enough little stuff wrong with it that it'd be unusable. Yes, I'm still bitter about my vista expereince. Loss aversion is about the only reason people don't do startups! :) He seems to have forgotten to include the final reason he hates facebook. "Because I didn't think of it." Or, more broadly, he seems to dislike the poeple (and their personal politics) behind facebook a lot more than he dislikes the website. Here's betting if facebook had a hippie/commie "lets unite the world and sing cume-by-yah" board of directors, he'd be singing its praises as the savior of us all. He would use too many words to do this as well. Twitter failed spectacularly during macworld today. Specifically, right during SJ's keynote. Many people are fairly put out about it all. Check out point #8 in his list. As the comments suggest, this ones a killer. It took us nearly 8 months and we had to do a few free trials before we got it done finally. It also took weaks just to negotiate all of the contract points. The upside? 3 year $1mil contract. They are hard but if you get them, the corporate contracts are sweet deals. The secret is to offer technology and more importanty attentiveness that they just can't get from a more off-the-shelf solution. Wozzzz Noooo!!! Ha. That's the first I'd heard of that. To each their own, I suppose. Maybe she'll feel rich enough to not do comedy. Oh horrid thought. What if she uses the Woz's cash to make more reality tv?! Handbrake. Don't watch dvd's without it! Half of the new releases these days include copy protection "features" that make the super drive go bonkers when trying to play the disk. Far better to handbrake it and them just watch the files with VLC. Wuss. I use dice AS the input device. Yep. Has a random number generator built right in, it does. I just don't get it. Has no one ever heard of linux and tc??? NetBSD?? Its a damn 3 line bash script to faily share the bandwidth among users and give the power users any excess at any time. Instead, they wait until you hit the "magic number" of gigabytes and then just cut you off?! Of all of the problems facing broadband carriers, this ones is the simplest to solve. Try hooking up the 10s of thousnds of users who are still on dialup after a decade of being on the "waiting list" for broadband. Now that would be worthwhile. Yes but men have a lower latency. He's like the Andy Rooney of the tech world. Soon he will simply complain about being old each week. (which takes 10 seconds on any normal laptop) Any normal macbook! My vista laptop takes 9 minutes to hibernate and then wake up. Uuumm, Slashdot is over here: http://slashdot.org ;) Heh, I'm just yankin yer chain. :) You must have been that kid that always made it hilarious to do the "what do you see in that cloud?" game in Jr. High. Mines a Fujitsu lifebook, AMD dual core and yes 3 gig of ram. I've run it with linux for a while but needed vista for work. Yes, I do think there's something wrong. It takes about 90 seconds to get to hibernate, but always more than 5 minutes to become useable again after wakeup. Any advice? People tell me my macbook would make a much better vista computer with bootcamp. Anyone have any experience with this? On Amazons "Black Swan" day, there will be on new instances to fire up. Your current instance and all of its data may well be lost. Your little account will be the last thing they're worried about restoring. EC2 is great for startups, but when the time comes, you need a multi-homed, multi-located setup you've done yourself so you know what risks are involved. Do you ever think that maybe politicians are missing the boat here? With most Americans paying about 75% in total taxes (when you count sales tax, gas tax, property tax, etc etc) it seems we are always just a tiny downturn away from disaster. If you want your people to spend money and buoy the economy, perhaps instead of making it easy to borrow what they don't have you should try NOT TAKING SO DAMN MUCH from them in the first place. Listen carefully: Money you take from the people and spend in Iraq is gone, mmkayy? Constantly trying to balance on the razors edge of economic collapse and then issuing even MORE credit (and measly tax rebates) when you've gone too far can't possibly be the optimal implementation. Ok, sorry, rant over. Something else to keep in mind: If a lawyer volunteers for an hour serving soup to the homeless his donation should be valued at minimum wage. If he helps set up a trust to stop the corrupt "directors" of the charity from helping themselves to the money both now and in the future, his hour is worth a whole lot more. This is the same for any trained professional. Anyone who has to pause and ask him/herself, "does my insurance cover me if I donate my time doing X" has highly valuable time to donate. Good link. Yes, in fact I did pull that number out of my... well, you know. It was merely to illustrate that such a point exists. After a certain absolute percent, raising taxes will REDUCE tax receipts and wreck your economy at the same time. I'm certain were all the way down the back side of that curve near the "wreck your economy" shoulder. Yes, even though our absolute tax is lower than some smaller countries whos economies have evolved to operate at a greatly reduced rate. It does also miss many of the 'hidden' taxes we still pay. For example, everyone in this state has to get a silly sticker on their car every year so the mechanic can pretend to look at the breaks and then try to charge you $35 for a $5 light bulb. The sticker costs $25 but I've never made it thru in less than an hour. The price of the silly sticker AND the wasted hour is a tax. There's one $25 fee and at least one wasted hour for every car in the state. This kind of thing is particularly noxious because they could have just had a little courage and added the $25 to the regular car tax, but instead wasted 100's of thousands of man hours a year on what is almost always a fictitious "inspection". You should see what it takes to be able to build a shed in the back yard for your lawnmower... Inflation is usually a tax as well. If a government needs money, can't borrow it, and its not politically expedient to raise taxes again, it can simply print up some money and steal a little from each of the other dollars that people already have. There's also start of and end of life taxes that have to be amortized over the years of the life of a person. If you make a little money or live in a place that sees real estate rise, this is non-trivial. Even the tax code ITSELF is a tax. The ever increasing burden of compliance is nothing but dead weight for individuals and businesses. Finally, there's a stack of extra tax and extra man-hour-wasting hassle headed your way if you have the audacity to try to work for yourself and not simply settle into a nice job in an industry with lobbyists and get your w2 like everyone else. This is probably the one that interests the readers of this forum the most. One slightly other off subject comment on the article. The government using taxation as a vehicle to transfer wealth from the "rich" to the "poor" is a recipe for economic disaster. Ever dollar "robin hooded" is a dollar sucked directly and completely from economic growth. Its a near perfect disincentive for innovators to innovate. Sorry to slasdot/troll the issue but I am passionate about this particular area! The point of all this is, there are better ways to fix the economy than an interest rate cut! I guess that depends on the magnitude of disaster meant by "massive". A 1930's style depression is unlikely at this point because so much of the worlds wealth and means of producing wealth is now located outside of the USA. The USA is still a major player in the world economy but it is no longer the center. That said this downturn may bust us Americans down a notch or two on the world stage, perhaps even enough that we have to make some serious lifestyle changes. So the question emerges: If I can't drive my hummer down to Mickey-D's and supersize that please... is it a disaster or what? Probably not explicitly. But with all of the funds he's likely invested in, it's a near certainty that there's some google in there somewhere. Unlike spam this one is actually easy to stop. The registrars could just say "no more tasting" and that would be the end. There is a final authority who can stop it or make it cost something. This has been nothing but bad for the web in general. Its time to say "no more tasting". I hope google starts a trend. He seems to have missed one very important fact about startups. If it doesn't work, you can try again! I think the odds are pretty slim for everyones first startup but you learn from it and have another go. Its like saying that everyone has a very low chance of getting over 10' on thier first pole vault so its bad policy to have it in the olympics. Just to offer a counterpoint. Our startup has grown far less than we hoped. We have only one large cororate account and 5-10 smaller local offices. There's only three of us and we're half-way thru year 4. BUT we've already made what we would have made in 10 years at the jobs we quit. The suck-cut! As you can see, it sucks as it cuts... HA! Its real! Priceless! I actually meant the "Suck Kut" from Wayne's World... Who'da thunk someone would actually try to build one!? Thanx for that link. Made my day. The social network that once you're 'good enough' to join, you won't want to. In the case of minimum wage, it does. I thought it was a good example. http://blog.russnelson.com/economics/minimum-wage.html Well said. +1. I think Russ's point was that if minimum wage actually was raised high enough by the well-meaners that they thought it would institute social change, it would backfire in a most comical and epic way. Imagine if the minimum wage were set to 100/hour tomorrow... Instead, politicians just wait till election season then realign the letter of the law to more or less match the current market value and then proclaim what a friend to the poor they've been from the doorway of their gulfstream. I expected it would just be a keyboard where you could type in suggestions to the flight computer. If all three fly-by-wire modules concur that you are not, in fact, a complete moron, the airplane will consider your request. Then again, it would have been much cooler if there had been a "Kirk chair" right in the middle and scantily clad "ensigns" scurrying about. Oh no he dih-ent. Bustin on my man Randall... And Jim Davis gets a pass??! Where is the love? How many people will just go along with whatever adversity they encounter in the relationship because they've "found their soul mate". It has to be, the computer said so. The matching algorithm: m=rand(w); no, you're thinking of Lib::Rtarian Point is: Airline employees have some freedom to do some things to help you that you might not have thought of. Ask nice and you never know what you might get. I've been "240'ed" twice now without ever knowing this "rule", just by asking nicely. Then again, its a good argument for why "first class" on airliners is acceptable (socially). If Bill had to sit in coach and eat that food for 16 hours, he might make a bad choice the next day that could quite literally effect the economy. He eats bad ham, we get vista! :) Agreed. That almost never happens anymore! Well done. It was just a conjecture of his that history didn't bear out. Thinking in basic is bad. Great leaps in programming and the availablity of knowlege about programming (other people's good code) made it easy to stop thinking in basic if one was motivated. Great men once thought that the earth was flat and there were only 4 elements. It is trivial today for even a nitwit to prove otherwise. This does not mean that these great men are now less great or that nitwits are now smarter. My guess is the NSA. They finally think they're able to tap fiber and like fools are running around willy nilly splicing in taps to undersea cables in that area in order to stop the tur-ists. Should we quietly do them one at a time so no one will notice? Heck no, then the tur-ists would win! Remember that scene in "Independence Day" when Will Smith punched that alien in the head and yelled "Welcome to Earth!"... Welcome to Vista. If you want to learn, care. Otherwise, whatever. That's my school experience anyway. I think if you are passionate about a language the simple fact that you care about it will mean that you want to know everything about it that you can. If you're just trying to get the job done quickly, use a cheat sheet or whatever. Only the former attitude will make you a better programmer. Some people, noob or not, have a style . Some code has a style. Some programs are best expressed as narrative little stories and documenting them as such makes sense. This is often true when the program's data flow is very linear. Some programs benefit greatly by having dense little blocks, with nothing more than a two work reminder as to what they do, that can be considered carefully and held tightly in the mind. Any program that has atomic/blocking operations or concurrency seems to fit this model. To say that "noobs use a lot of this kind of comment" and "mature programmers use this different style" may be partly true but seems very much overly simplistic. No, because each of the team already secretly imagines that the better part of those millions belong to them for doing "all of the work" and is just sure that when the time comes the others will agree. Excellent news. Now there is something for Novell to collect on SCO's infringements. This one is a big one, and still full of fuel. It is possible that it poses a small danger. That said, the military just loves its toys... No evil robot I've ever imagined to mass produce as my minions in my bid for global domination has been half this sinister... If this were slashdot I'd welcome an overlord of some sort. Meh. Most people are wrong about most things most of the time. Some people are right about some things some of the time. Work hard, collect your "some things" into a narrow category and you'll be a professional, maybe even an expert. Just go with the flow and you'll have a brain full of random pop culture trivia. The world is chock full of stupid people, it just seems like they're somehow easier to spot in America. Oh! Oh! I know! Why not run the authentication servers on EC2!? That way they can just allocate more computing resources when needed? Heh, I apologize for that right there. Just couldn't help myself. Up next, the Eastern Lego Block. All blocks are the same, the cool pieces are banned, and all of the buildings look exactly the same! That way, all of the children can be equally bored with legos. Justice and fairness are very different things. Capitalism is just, it is not fair, especially to the lazy and the willfully ignorant. Wish google would buy it an digitize it for the good of mankind. An earthquake, flood, or fire would be a very sad thing in this case. The photos of the collection don't instill a great deal of confidence in its continued survival. Use a linux box at your gateway, squid and squidguard: http://www.squidguard.org/ Then use iptables to do a transparent redirect of all outbound web traffic to you squid server: http://www.squid-cache.org/mail-archive/squid-users/200404/0... This way you can actually have your employees end up a page of your design that says "Quit wastin' time foo'" whenever they hit a site you've placed on the block list. Mr. T. is optional of course. Worthwhile en devours have hard parts that might not be as enjoyable as watching a movie or a trip to Cancun!? Holy cow, give that guy a Pulitzer! Next week he's got an article planned about how people often don't find their jobs as much fun as DisneyLand! So we get what, another proprietary software stack, this time from adobe, to be the new new replacement "OS" of the future. The king is dead, long live the king? Also people have been flying remote controlled aircraft since the 50's. You don't need a super-duper autonomous gps guided drone when you can just stand on the roof with the remote. Just look at how they use IED's and cell phones. All of this raises the inevitable question: If a robot does the killin', does it get 72 virgin sexbots? I like how the "official website" is just a bunch of typical microsoft hype where there is ZERO product demonstration, one weak "planet to our cool logo" video that plays over and over and a bunch of people talking about how cool its all going to be. Then theres a vague "release date". Spring or something... Maybe it is tear jerking worthy tech but I've seen this pattern before from MS. The first time I heard about google maps I was using it. My theory, being google and all, there's actually a distributed cluster of her. Why humans really need artificial intelligence: To read thru all of that nonsense and produce the 7 page summary that the actual relevant information could be contained in. If you think engineering produces pointless paper for the sake thereof, you should see law! The computer is nothing more than a thought amplification tool. It doesn't care how old you are. Its more important what state the mind is in than what body the mind is in!!! I like the TED video where they invited the guy from the completely dirt-poor African village to talk about building a windmill out of scrap bicycle parts... What must he have been thinking while talking to all of those super-rich who could buy his whole village like it was a candy bar from a vending machine as he recounted scrounging enough rusty bicycle parts to pump water and keep villagers from dying of cholera? I'm sure they were thinking this made them all "global" and "in touch" or something. I think they were treating the poor guy like a curious little pet. Here it is: http://www.ted.com/index.php/talks/view/id/153 They call them "server rooms". Anything less is an intermediate step. 2 year olds have not reached the age of reason. Reasoning with them only gets you a restatement of their desires without any logical context whatsoever: Daddy, I want to play over there! Son, there's a constant stream of cars going by at 40mph, you will die instantly or be hurt worse than you can possibly imagine. But I WAAANNNT TOOOO... Spanking (when administered carefully and without angry reaction) seems to be a valid form of behavior modification for a creature that does not have any reasoning ability because it allows aversion to be stored directly in the same part of the brain that is motivating desire. Its probably better to reason with a 9 year old than spank but as the parent states, anyone who thinks that a 2 year old can reason, doesn't have one. Most of the "evidence" for autism caused by vaccines is statistical manipulation, anecdotes, and scare-mongering. There is perhaps a very remote chance of a correlation but its almost certainly a case of "When I changed the windshield wipers on my car the AC quit. You wiper-villains owe me a new AC!" When bad stuff happens, people desperately grasp for a simple cause they can understand. Get vaccines. Not only is it the responsible thing to do for your own children, it is the socially responsible thing to do for everyone else's children as well. That's good stuff. Guess I should have looked a little harder here first! This looks particularly helpful: http://www.gigamonkeys.com/book/ I guess my point was not to argue the reasoning power of a 2 year old directly. I think we definitely disagree on this. My point was that spanking creates a visceral aversion to a behavior that is immediate and very different from a reasoned response. There is no "last time I did this I got spanked and so I don't think I'll do it again" thought process, only an automatic nervous response that associates built in pain avoidance with an action. I'm not here to say when or how much spanking is appropriate. This is for each parent to decide for themselves. I'm just saying that it can and does work where reason fails, and if used appropriately and with discretion, its not the soul-draining horror some alarmists make it out to be. Woz is one of the few people in the world who likely pisses Jobs off just for fun . I'm sure he can do this and they still remain friends and have a laugh about it later. A good use of layered action. A bunch of simple loops layered on top of each other to create a more complex emergent behavior. Still deeply creepy! The smile loop was just wrong and they eyes were too simple. Real eyes focus and refocus hundreds of times per minute, these, even though they moved stayed dead and locked on one focus. We've got a long way to go! 1) They ignore you. 2) They laugh at you. 3) They fight you. 4) You win. With apologies to Ghandi, don't give up at #3. I remember in 4th grade or so, the pledge started to sound a little spooky to me as well. I think home schooling is an important right because it's the last, best defense against a total fail in the public school system. It also makes it possible for middle and lower class children to have private education rather than having that option end up a further luxury for just the rich. Always a weapon first. What a world it will be once Thag evolves far enough to make it a hammer before he makes it a club. Nascar racing is a sport in which enhanced humans compete at superhuman speeds. They wear specially developed exoskeletons on the field knows as cars . Its great fun to watch, and a complex set of rules has developed over the years as to which enhancements are allowed and how much. Perhaps it used to, and is broken now. Putting the chemical back is fixing it, like a diabetic with insulin. If all the world were diabetic, the edge would be to the one with the insulin, no? Cool story, but don't run your startup like that. If you do, you will deliver perfect software, years too late, that nobody wants. What I really like about this is that this is open source doing cutting edge stuff that will benefit people everywhere. There's not a hint of "me too", "microsoft replacement" here. The promise of open source in full force. This is the kind of thing that even 10 years ago would have been barricaded behind dozens of patents and royalties to the point of being unusable; just another technical oddity that no one could afford to use. A few would have been donated to token disabled folks for publicity and then that would have been the end of it. Here's the link to get it and try it out, sans RTFA. http://www.inference.phy.cam.ac.uk/dasher/ This is an epidemic among business types. They very often just don't have the imagination to know whats involved. You could build a giant rocket, complete with moon lander and robots to build a habitat once it arrived and connect it to a giant red button that said "launch"... You'd still have to tell the MBA what button to push, and after he did, he really would believe that he had single handedly colonized the moon. All of the engineers would think him a slimy weasel for making such a claim after all of their hard work. He would just think that they were jealous because while he was busy with the hard, visionary work of moon colonization, they just sat around and fiddled with rocket parts all day. Ugh. He misspelled espresso expresso too. Pet peeve. I guess that proves he followed his own advice! I also disagree. If an espresso machine makes your office a nicer place to work for your employees, get two. The extra productivity from happy employees is more than worth it and it clearly shows that you went the extra mile for your employees. Really we're more of a small, furry steam catapult. The man just has a way with words! :) Hmm, a here's why my favorite environment will dominate piece. I think the proliferation of this type of opinion piece points to something even bigger on the horizon. There is no clear successor . There doesn't need to be. The computing ecosystem in general has grown big enough now the we don't need to, as he said, elect a new market leader. The rise of server side programming and web apps means we can choose whatever tools get us to market fastest in the domain space we've chosen. It might be rails, it might be lisp, and we might just hack it together in perl. It might be a mashup of all 3 running on different servers at different companies in different parts of the world!