At this point? None. It's a silly exercise on not going anywhere. HURD uses Mach, which is a mid-90s academic microkernel that's not so good in practice. Particularly, it's so slow at IPC (which is critical to performance in a pure microkernel system) that those using it (Darwin/OSX/IOS, HURD) had to compromise and use a hybrid architecture: Running drivers and some other components of the system with kernel privileges; A popular design choice in the 90s (also BeOS, Windows NT) due to the immaturity of microkernels. In late 90s/early 2000s, L4 happened. It went to great lengths to actually make achieving performance with a pure microkernel architecture possible. Afterwards, there were a lot of followup microkernels implementing the L4 interface, so these days when we say L4 we generally mean the interface, or any microkernel that implements it. The HURD was watching, and sometime early 2000s they realized that the hybrid architecture was dead and they needed to move on if they wanted to stay relevant. There was a serious attempt at porting HURD to L4. It was already working, but the people behind it became disillusioned with the HURD, after realizing flaws on the architecture. I recommend reading the papers the L4 port people wrote on this. Back then, there were some ten to twenty HURD developers active. After that, the HURD should have rethought its architecture and moved on with L4. Instead, they didn't continue the L4 effort nor fix the architecture. What they did was abandon it and start an entirely new port to a different microkernel, Coyotos, which didn't bear fruit, either. Throughout all this, the HURD was losing developers as they became disinterested. Fast forward to 2005, Andrew Tanenbaum and his students released the first version (a mere skeleton, without even virtual memory support) of Minix3, and continued working from there http://wiki.minix3.org/MinixReleases , going a long way and bringing us to its current state. Right now, Minix3 has 20-30 active developers any given day, a few of which are working on it full-time, supported by funds coming from European Union research programs, as the reliability aspect http://www.minix3.org/other/reliability.html to Minix3 has been deemed important. Meanwhile, the HURD has 0-3 active developers depending on the day, none of which working full time, and with no roadmap or organization whatsoever. Last I've heard, they introduced userspace driver support, which is a step in the right direction, but a bit silly as the real problem (they're still using Mach) is yet to be solved. Minix3 next version, 3.3.0, is weeks away. Here's some insider info: It breaks ABI to adopt NetBSD types, skyrocketing compatibility with pkgsrc software. The system will for the first time be built dynamic, as mmap() is finally working and the dynamic library support has been adapted to actually do shared libraries using it. As lack of proper dynamic library support was holding back X (which already ran, but with barely any software for it), I expect we'll have a lot of WMs, DEs and GUI programs from here on, and interest will pick up. If you ask me about the HURD, I'd say it's not worth continuing. Just take along whatever salvageable ideas and concepts and move on. Working on a system that isn't at a dead end is one suggestion. Escape https://github.com/Nils-TUD/Escape , HelenOS and Minix3 are three such systems. Genode is not exactly a system but it is interesting in its own way, and Plan9Front http://ninetimes.cat-v.org/ is very interesting even though it is not currently a pure microkernel system (it can be made so without breaking anything thanks to the awesome design). All these systems I suggested are Free Software , interesting, promising and actually active. For a gallery of L4 microkernels, just look at Genode. They support a bunch and also some non-L4 yet interesting ones: http://genode.org I don't expect much to come from rewarding failure. Throwing money away at OpenSSL isn't suddenly gonna make its developers good. I'll be running LibReSSL, and I expect most Linux distributions to do the same by default once the Linux port is released. These private message things are appropriate until (possibly years after breaking up) it's convenient for one party to say otherwise. This bullshit should be put to an end. Disclaimer: Sort-of-spanish here (Catalan). These newspapers sales on-paper are dropping alarmingly. They're looking at this as a way to monetize their online versions. What has already happened: A major spanish social link aggregator (a-la-digg) is boicotting these newspapers. What will happen: Google will remove them from the index. They'll lose exposure, and therefore make even less. Mosh is nice, but "A replacement for SSH" is quite stretching it, considering it does use ssh to setup its own connection and so it depends on SSH. It also doesn't provide most of SSH functionality, and it doesn't support IPv6 yet, whereas SSH does. I used to like the SSD guide. Not anymore. Old website was nice and readable, the new one is terrible, in a misguided attempt to be "modern". Even at its front page, I had no idea where to click to actually read the guide. No Child Left Behind: The after-"education" edition. Recommends openssl, ignores libressl exists at all. It might be worth buying if and only if it's not an iPhone. Rather than ghostery: https://www.eff.org/privacybadger Amiga... was so ahead of its time. Because turning them into messages (like Minix does) is too hard... /s I think this, while Raspberry Pi specific: https://www.cl.cam.ac.uk/projects/raspberrypi/tutorials/os/ is a better intro to arm asm. I still prefer the Dragonfly fork, with its hybrid kernel architecture. HAMMER2 is looking good. I'd love a section of my i3 statusbar showing the current distance in light seconds, at all times. I'm surprised this isn't a thing yet. I still use my Amiga machines, but I want nothing to do with AmigaOS4. A new desktop proprietary OS simply makes no sense in the present world, even more so if it only runs in special hardware. AROS (free implementation of AmigaOS3) and Minimig (free implementation of the hardware for FPGA) is where it's at. Seems very standard IRC channel; I look at IRC once in a while and write a bunch of replies. This wouldn't change so much, although I'd need some sort of bouncer on earth in order not to ping timeout. Much appreciated. Didn't know about aa. As of a few years ago, it runs on classic Amiga hardware. But graphics performance is poor without a graphics card. I'm hoping this is the start of a trend. The true start will be once the lowrisc SoC is out, and open hardware devices using it start to flood the market. ReactOS shares a lot of code with Wine. Mostly DLLs. Code flows both ways. Even if you're never going to use ReactOS, it still helps make wine better. I wouldn't go anywhere near that. Not worth getting legally tainted. Amiga-like Black on grey is fantastic. But nobody uses it. it's time for: http://www.lowrisc.org/ For desktops, it simply needs to get into the fast enough territory. So that the next person doesn't have to search for it: http://ww1.microchip.com/downloads/en/DeviceDoc/20005292B.pd... I want to follow their news, but I can't seem to find an RSS feed. In its place, there's stupid facebook/etc social crap buttons. > addictiveness How so? The forced smooth scrolling thing makes reading the page really annoying, and I strongly feel like closing it and never opening it again. Seems like a good idea, but the implementation is poor. Please just write a tool that does the set of tests, displays results and optionally submits them. Then distributions could package it, and people could run it. The way it needs to be done right now implies too much effort and few people are going to bother. Not sure why this story is so popular. It's just an advertisement for a simple yet very expensive program which solves a well-understood problem that has been solved many times before. I'm glad they're doing this. It'll help plant an image: Proprietary microcode is evil. Yeah. And even a simple aminet search like this: http://aminet.net/search?query=serial+transfer Does show a load of free alternatives. FTP over SLIP. None. Working archive: https://archive.is/lc5vT Also: http://blog.darknedgy.net/technology/2016/01/01/0/ I kinda like how Dragonfly does implement dm-crypt such as on Linux (compatible) instead :). > The correct response is to stop writing to the filesystem. Stop writing AND READING, as what's read can be corrupted and yet written or used elsewhere. He apologized to SJWs. Now the SJWs can point at it and say "See, we were right!". Idiot. Never apologize to SJWs. I'd rather use eChronos or seL4. They're provable and free software. Intel call their thing an RTOS; it's bullshit. They lack proof of hard realtime. For servers, really? I don't get it, they could just use RISC-V. x86 has a user case: legacy software. When out of FAST RAM, use CHIP RAM :) Nice, but why force a conversion to a lossy audio format? https://github.com/swanson/stringer How low latency are we talking about? At 60Hz, a frame is 16ms, which is already tight. Even better UX is to show what you've requested, which is 16. > Takes a few days though Typically 24h in the SEPA. > There is, unfortunately, no easy way out. Disagree. BSD. Dejavu? No, there was Freecraft, now Stratagus: https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Stratagus You can add vdev to pool anytime. Removing them is not as easy, so some planning is necessary. > With the notable exception of ZFS vs EXT4, they underlying software appears to be the same, Huh no. OMV is Linux + PHP. It failed to timely move away from MACH into the post-Liedtke world, and as a consequence it fell into irrelevance. How pretentious can they be. By trying to fit in mandatory payments, they screwed up. They should have focused on doing everything else well, and perhaps introduce voluntary payments (i.e.: donations) later. Mandatory payments ain't gonna fly; Even assuming they somehow made the technical part work, which I don't see happening, a system that's the same but without the payments is bound to exist. Guess which one people are going to use? If payment is strictly voluntary, however, then a single system is enough. keepenv was removed in the doas from openbsd 6.0. I expected better from an article that's been published after the 6.0 release. Why wait until 2020? This should be effective today, while giving a few month grace period at most. watch -n1 df When trying to promote an open format, LGPLv3 and such reference implementations aren't exactly helping. You'd want to maximize adoption, and there BSD can help. Adoption of Xiph.org's Vorbis was in good part supported by such a decision. > The second question which required a choice between killing homeless people and wealthier ones made me too disgusted to continue. I actually didn't give a fuck who the people were, or how many. I was surprised when by the end I was shown the results including demographics. Close enough... Rule Two: Intervene only if it doesn't mean killing a person who otherwise would not die. Done. Or net worth. They might as well have drawn them as generic animals. Very happy with my Oneplus 3. Isn't libreboot just coreboot minus blobs? I don't get why it is in any way remarkable. However, it is still a boring type-2 hypervisor, just like bhyve, vmware or kvm; no real progress whatsoever. I'm keeping an eye at seL4's VMM support, it looks promising, with the microkernel actually guaranteeing isolation, whereas the VMM runs with minimum privileges as a user process. Used to be a nice documentation site, until they decided to cover AmigaOS4, ditching 3. > This particular bug is in the memory management system, which is one of those things that kind of has to be in the kernel. Not really. L4 family (the post-Liedtke world) and Minix3 both have MM out of the kernel. A small TCB will still be key, regardless of language. Why do you think it is erroneous? Worth noting that as of Genode's latest release, a lot of progress has been made in that regard. Sorry, can you restate that question? I'm not sure what you're asking. > C, due to arrays, strings, arithmetic operations and memory allocations requiring unsafe code leads to 100% unsafe code across the existing code. Imply is just slightly too harsh. Writing safe C code is very possible, as proven by projects such as seL4 or engineers such as djb. OSX is pretty bad as they go. MACH based hybrid kernel garbage. A shame, considering Apple actually has the resources for doing a proper rebase of XNU on L4 and with actual pure microkernel multiserver architecture. Couple things here. Firstly, as the MM daemon runs on its own process and is well-separated from other code, it is far easier to audit, debug and so on. Its interface is also entirely explicit. There's value in modular programming. It's far more reasonable to expect quality from such a MM daemon than the mess in a random monolith kernel. Secondly, in seL4, physical pages are capabilities. There might be more than one MM daemon, owning separate sets of capabilities to physical pages. Security-critical memory might be managed by a MM daemon your vulnerable process has no capability to talk to. Just my two cents. I love AmigaOS, so I find disgusting that they're still holding the VCS repository of this 20yr+ code hostage, and selling pointless updates to it. Also, I much prefer the old logo to that stupid boingball. No male pill yet. Can't trust anyone else with birth control. Very little information on their site about the actual architecture of the system. Very bad flag there. I'd be interested if it was based on a post-Liedtke microkernel, but I suspect it's yet another boring monolith. I applaud lessons taken from Liedtke/L4, a major step in the right direction. Now I can look at that project seriously, rather than consider it yet another pre-Liedtke mistake. I'm not so sure, however, about concurrency in the kernel. The locks and added complexity certainly aren't going to help keep WCET low and bound. NICTA's SSRG did study this: https://ts.data61.csiro.au/publications/nictaabstracts/Peter... Spotted mp3, quickly closed. Can't take it seriously if it's still using mp3 rather than opus. What a waste of bandwidth. I'm thinking mostly about the principle of minimality (what can be out of the kernel should be). But there's some more contributions from L4. The ACM did a talk on those insights 20 years later: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=RdoaFc5-1Rk The associated NICTA SSRG paper: https://ts.data61.csiro.au/publications/nictaabstracts/Elphi... A more recent NICTA SSRG paper: https://ts.data61.csiro.au/publications/nictaabstracts/Heise... > foregoing the verified nature of seL4 If anything, seL4 is the fastest L4 out there, proving that they can be fast and proven at the same time. So, why would anyone want to do that? I hear tox has been approached before, but they were uninterested. Remember GNU requires transferring rights to the FSF, which many aren't comfortable with. I personally favor tox, because ec25519 and full forward secrecy. Also, not fond of SIP. > What's the advantage of being a GNU project these days? I can't think of anything. > and in particular Richard Stallman's political opinions (e.g., eugenics) Utter nonsense. Being part of GNU doesn't imply agreeing with every word Stallman utters on any topic. > restricts your technical decision-making options Very real (see gcc and frontend/backend separation) and a very good reason to stay away. While I'm sure it's well-intended, it does have a couple of fatal flaws. * Lack of full forward secrecy means logged network logs can be decrypted in the future if an endpoint key is ever compromised. * e2e encryption is optional, due to legacy SIP support. This is extremely dangerous as it will no doubt lead to false sense of security, with users assuming they're safe just because Ring is the program they're talking through. Due to these two I cannot actually recommend it to anyone. Note that Tox got these two right, and is a pretty active project which gets commits semi-daily, regardless of the nonsense about it being dead that some party seems to be spreading. I use and love Tox as it got some key fundamentals right. First, they have full forward secrecy. This is notably unlike Ring, which does not. Secondly, all communications are end to end encrypted and endpoint-verified, as there's no "legacy SIP support" (eg: SIP) or such nonsense and the DHT addresses your contacts gave you are actual ec25519 public keys. Neat, a bunch of these had escaped my radar, even. I'm glad to see you around; A bit of hope to contrast with all the zero-research-done yet anti-microkernel naysayers. > The Boing ball is a long-standing Amiga icon; IIRC a lot of the early promotional photos of the system sported a badge with it instead of the rainbow checkmark. It is, but I've never liked it. > For nontechnical users, that's a massive downside. I disagree entirely. It's an upside. They get to benefit from PKI without even understanding anything. A person's address gets them the actual person. ToxMe requires trusting the ToxMe identity provider, and is an obvious point of attack. And we'd no doubt see fake addresses that resemble other peoples, and other such nonsense. There's minimising the inconvenience (with ideas like the QR code feature they have), and there's plain giving up security for minimal gained convenience, which we should just avoid. > It doesn't benefit them if they don't use the protocol. There's no benefit from using the protocol if it gives up security for convenience like the others. > Obviously. This is why it's a bad thing that nontechs will probably go in that direction, if they use Tox at all. My point exactly. > But it seems to me like joining GNU is solely a political statement and a sign of agreement with Stallman's views on morality (since he frames free software / computing freedom as a moral issue). GNU's views on software. Stallman's just the figurehead for these. I don't care what his opinions are outside of this, nevermind agree or disagree. > Is there another reason to associate yourself with GNU? As I said, I can't think of any in the first place. But I'm still glad GNU and FSF do exist, and that their views are so extreme. If they weren't, then a much softer position would be called extreme instead. The world would be worse for it. They're matching HEVC in synthetic benchmarks already, and aim to release the spec by March 2017, which is soon enough. > e2e could be enforced for the DHT clients if the user states they aren't going to be using SIP though, right? That needs user intervention, which implies his understanding of why it is necessary. Here's a better idea, remove backwards compatibility. Perhaps they could release a separate SIP client under a different name. Just keep it away from Ring itself. Let Ring be actually secure. Your average hacklab will do the job just fine. You're right to mention these. Spent several evenings reading Heiser's blog and NICTA SSRG papers a few month ago. I'm more positive about microkernels these days; Activity is increasing and milestones are being reached. PHP. No. Not very fond of their "Try it out" feature, which after making me waste time on their "select 3" first step, then proceeds to try and cajole me into giving away my email address. Wish they posted some screenshots or static pages or something of the sort, so I could take a look and see if I like it more than stringer, which is the current solution I'm using. Used to be a decent reference site until they destroyed it with horrid trendy web design. It's unreadable, now. With essential features such as centralised login (LDAP, AD, etc) as proprietary plugins. I still get the same annoying layout with that link. Rather, essential in any setup with more than one user. Supports cloud users... but doesn't support LDAP. Sigh.