> The one thing that I've come to realize is that we're losing. The web is now closed. Owned by Facebook and Twitter for the most part. Nah.. They're both losing users. The problem with "modern" internet is, that there's more and more people using it, and that makes the numbers 'weird'. The number of IRC users is probably higher than it was in the late 1990s/early 2000s. But back then only geeks used internet, and only they were on irc.. and now.. a lot of them are still there, just that now there is a bunch of of other people on facebook. As we've seen with myspace, digg, etc., and as we're seeing with tumblr and also facebook now, younger, more tech-savy users have no issues with changing platforms.. from facebook to tumblr to snapchat to instagram to SomethingNew(TM). One "bad" turn of events, one company that doesn't want to sell to facebook, and the "owned by" sentance will be completely different in a couple of years. Yep, it just takes a "NewHotApp(TM)" for the kids to migrate to there, forget about their facebook accounts, and their parents will follow in a couple of years. Considering most younger people don't actively use facebook anymore, their (facebooks) only chance is to buy the NewHowApp company every couple of years (khm.. instagram.. khm,... whatsapp..) But knowing the flaw makes it insecure. Nah, all the old services are still out there and still work. You can still use irc, you can still set up your own mail and web server. There are even new alternatives, from tor to other hidden/dark/free...nets. But people are too lazy, and find the "just use the largest corporate platform" very convenient, especially if it's "free". edit: ...which is a problems, since also your viewers only use that "one big" platform, and don't check elsewhere. This works in a non monopolized system. If you live in a large city with many different stores, and you get banned for one of them for wearing a blue shirt, that doesn't matter too much. If you live in a remote city with one wallmart and no other stores, and wallmart bans you, that's a problem. Yes, there are alternatives, but 97% of the market is definitely a monopoly. The problem isn't you and me, the problem is "the most". In my time, we all hung out on IRC (well, some still do, but mostly for technical stuff). But IRC was like ARP and IP, you needed to set some parameters, enter a server address (that you had to look up in a paper magazone or had to ask a friend for it), you had to join a channel, that you had to find first (listing all channels was useless on larger ircnets), and then you could chat. ...and you had to be online to receive messages, which was a problem back then with dialup connections. Then came "social networks" (myspace, facebook,...), where all you needed to know was "myspace.com", and they offered objectively "more" than irc (chat messages were recorded even if you were offline, photos, profile pages,...), and people started using those. So if you wanted to chat with friends, you had to make an account there. And most people slowly migrated to myspace, and then facebook, and so on. Anyone can build a website, set up video streaming, buy virtual machines for video hosting, etc. But if "all of your friends" (97%(?) of video watchers) open up youtube, and search for videos there, and your video is not there, it's the same if you were alone on an empty irc channel with two other users on the irc server. Youtube is not a chat app, where you have 10 alternatives (whatsapp, viber, wechat, fb , telegram, signal,...), but it's the site where most users search for videos, and if eg. wallmart had such a monopoly as youtube does, if they decide not to sell your products, you're basically fu ked. This is not something a kid learning basic html/js can do easily, since he probably uses windows, and doesn't even know how to navigate in the command prompt. The "click on the html file on the desktop" just works(TM) But.. it's the only thing we have. Until some "pgp alternative" for signing and encrypting emails comes along, and is adopted by "most" email clients, it's the best thing we've got, even if it's "bad". So they can tax (the profits, price difference) when they sell it. This is easily fixed by governments doing their jobs. In this case, FAA (or whoever the regulator is) should verify if the "minor change" is a new coffee machine on board, or has the engine been moved. And then, progressively larger fines (comparative to potential damage caused in the event of failure) to offset the "savings" by misdeclaring the scope of changes. Not everywhere. In Slovenia (and some other countries probably), we have a "zunajzakonska skupnost", which rougly translated means "out-of-wedlock relationship". If two people live together for a (undefined) "long" amount of time, and act in a way married couple do, they can be treated exactly as a married couple would be. That means, that one of the partners can claim they lived together in an "zunajzakonska skupnost", and everything acquired during the relationship canbe treated the same as with marriage, and split in half (unless someone proves they contributed significantly more,...). The existance of "zunajzakonska skupnost" iz not well defined and has to be decided in court, but it can bring many many problems. We also have only recently legalized prenups. Oh, and living wills are very very limited too. ..so yeah... > However, in principle, I agree with the idea of having a cashless economy, so that government has data to see who is lying in their tax returns. This is really bad, because it prevents any kind of privacy. Want to buy a huge dildo from HugeDildos Inc.? Now you can just pay with cash. With cashless economies, you will now have their company name on your bank statements. And this is just a stupid example. What do you do in a case where you have legalized Marijuana at a state level and illegal at federal level (like in us). You can sell it in your state, but you cannot get a bank account. And what happens if there's a blackout? How do you buy food? Here, only one has to claim it, but they have to prove it in court. Usually this is usually done by proving they lived together, bought things together, etc. and if there were other elements of a relationship. I have no idea what happens if two non-romantic roomates buy a couch together, and one of them moves out though. I'm not saying it's easy... I'm just saying that the parts of the government, that should be controlling this, are not doing their jobs. But I agree, that with a high enough level of corruption (from low-key bribing an inspector, to higher up lobbying at highest government levels), doing this efectively is impossible.. That's just the first step. They lowered the limit to 420eur for independent contractors and companies here in Slovenia. They wanted to lower it to 50eur, but luckily failed. It's not perfect, but it does it job, and usually it's simpler/faster to write code than in some other langues (usually with the cost of worse readability). Not just that. Anything that takes 19 seconds, will probably be refreshed after 10 and closed after 15 seconds. IF the government did their job, it would be easy. Catching speeders on the road is easy (trivially, you just need a radar gun, or an automated radar mounted in a car). Getting the police out of their offices and to actually do their job is hard (atleast here, in my country). This could be a problem Usually the lowest TTL on the wire is '1' - the next router then subtracts 1, the value is zero, and the packet is dropped on the same router (and icmp sent back). If someone didn't put an aditiional if() to check, this could cause many problems, especially with broadcasts. And why would they check, if no device sends out packets like this normally (without someone else not doing an if() check, or if someone sent those packets on purpose). Since the technology moves on so fast, shortening the patent expiration to eg. 1year would solve most of the problems. Companies get 1 year head start (which is a lot), and after 1 year, we all benefit. ...or they just included some [pupular ad library] that has gone bad, and noone checked. And not just that.. they optimize sales as far as they can. Everything is in a box (no need to arrange things carefuly on shelves), huge barcodes (faster scanning), larger items on pallets (just bring a new pallet in when old one is empty), just a few people work there and do everything, etc. They sometimes also buy everything you have to get a cheaper price (a friend of mine has a rather large vegetable farm, and they offered to buy literally all the produce to get a lower price.. he doesn't have to deal with sales that year, and they get it cheaper). I like aldi, and buy a bunch of stuff there (i'm not sponsored by them), but at the same time, you know what you're buying - need a drill? They sell a perfectly ok one for really cheap... for a casual user, who uses a drill once every few months. What I don't like is some other stores selling the same items (just branded differently) for 2x the price. If you need a good drill for professional use, there are just a few companies that make them good - and you probably know them all. If you need something cheap, you'll get it cheaper at a store like aldi (or lidl, or similar) than at [hardware store] under their brand, or even some reputable brands. Stupid example: https://www.productreview.com.au/listings/aldi-food-dehydrat... This was sold here for 30eur at aldi. Gorenje is/was a reputable brand here, and they sell theirs for 50eur: https://www.mimovrste.com/susilniki-sadja/gorenje-susilnik-h... Just look at the photos and compare. A wee bit offtopic, but if we look at the VW/dieselgate, and the aftermath of it all, and the class-actions, returns, refunds, etc, and hyundai/kia lies about gas milage and people getting refunds for gas... ...when is something like this going to happen to intel? We've bought CPUs with excpectations of promised performance (like people did with emission expectations and gas milage expectations), they messed up, and we get lower speed, and now no hyperthreading and still no refunds? If i bought a 60" TV and the picture was only 50" with a black border around, i'd return it immediately... why isn't there some action regarding CPUs? 10 years? Of course not. But if i bought it yesterday, I'd expect a refund. Just consider that they were still selling affected CPUs even when they knew about the vulnerabilities and even after the papers were published. If you look at it this way, then the computer manufactures are to blame, and you should be refunded by them. That's the same as buying a car from CarCompany(TM) with an A/C and a Android Car touchscreen interface/radio/..., and an automatic android updates disables your A/C and changes the engine paramters so you have 20hp less... wouln't you expect "them" to fix it? As a consumer, you shouldn't have to worry if it's googles fault or CarCompanies(TM) fault, you should be able to take it to the dealer and have them fix it or give you a refund, or atleat 'do something'? I know of no mass refunds (as it was with volkswagen) due to spectre/meltdown, and slowing your pc down by 30% after the first patch, and as it seems losing hyperthreading seems like a defective unit to me. > - During peak production periods, resignations are not approved. How the hell do they enforce this? As it seems, it's not the nicotine that is the problem in these cases here. And nicotine is not a thing that kills your lungs (except making you addicted), it's the "other things", and those are also in non-niccotine vapes (and different ones in classic cigarettes). In my country, if you earn 80%+ of your income as a contractor from a single company (with some limitations), you're labeled as dependant contractor, and special rules apply (eg: they can't just break a contract, they must give notice first, etc). Well.. in some countries, games/programs were even broadcasted on public FM radio stations. Gentoo does it for firefox-bin: /usr/portage/www-client/firefox-bin/firefox-bin-69.0.ebuild MOZ_HTTP_URI="https://archive.mozilla.org/pub/mozilla.org/${MOZ_PN}/releases/" ... SRC_URI="${SRC_URI} amd64? ( ${MOZ_HTTP_URI%/}/${MOZ_PV}/linux-x86_64/en-US/${MOZ_P}.tar.bz2 -> ${PN}_x86_64-${PV}.tar.bz2 ) x86? ( ${MOZ_HTTP_URI%/}/${MOZ_PV}/linux-i686/en-US/${MOZ_P}.tar.bz2 -> ${PN}_i686-${PV}.tar.bz2 )" If you buy a software (eg office 2003) you can still use it after a year, after office 2007 comes out, and 2010, etc. and even today. It doesn't have all the new features, but if you just need it to do "one thing" it works. Buying a subscription plan might be cheaper than buying all those versions/upgrade, but why buy if the "first" version still does what you need? This is of course from the users standpoint. Considering how much a used golf with a lowered odometer costs in the balkans (imported from germany), that's quite a weird theory. Putin is popular, because he's better than what was before (i'm speaking mostly of the old drunk). And also because he does stuff that a lot of russians actually like. A lot of people (mostly westeners) don't understand, that if someone gets back "historic russian territory" from a "neighbor" you don't really like, and noone can do anything about that, that's a good thing for Russia. It's bad for the neighbors, it's bad for NATO, it's bad for everyone else who wants to influece Russia, but for Russia, it's a good thing. It's the same thing with Trump... he does this, he does that, outrage everywhere, and in the end, EU is even more fuc*ed, Chinese send threats but can't do anything, and USA gets richer, old industries come back, people get jobs, get paid more, etc. And some wonder why he won. > The stuff literally disintegrates if you have it in the drier to often. Sadly enough this is also true for the men’s wear. H&M stuff for me never tears or gets holes. Mine just stretches in places where it shouldn't stretch (eg. T-shirt sleeves - how the hell do those stretch?! I don't have steroid-monster arms. I have a If a new (whole) car(tv,washing machine,...) costs 20k (...) ($,€,..doesn't matter), and you want to replace some parts, the cost of just a few parts quickly becomes higher than a whole new unit. In a modern car, just replacing a few parts costs more than a whole car (both front lights ~1k(eur), rear ones 500eur, ac compressor 500eur(+), radio/navigation unit 1k, foldable mirrors 500eur, 'smart' rearview mirror up to 1k, etc...). If the sum of costs of all parts to assemble a car is above 2x the price of the car, someone is getting ripped off, and we all know who that is. Same with laptops... lcd assembly on a shitty 600eur laptop was quoted as 400eur+tax here (luckily ebay exists) - and that's without labour. > they are productive when working in a different environment As someone from the balkans... it's not the enviroment that makes people productive (it can make them unproductive though), but the productive people choose to change their enviroment to one, where they can be more productive. And this is true for both plumbers and engineers. Just take a successfull good worker (and a bad one if you want), and put them into a shitty low-paying government job, where it takes three weeks to order a replacement computers mouse... shitty workers stay there ("i'm waiting for a mouse, can't work now, but i'm still getting paid") and good ones try to find a better oportunity elsewhere (and for shitty locations, that means far away, in a different country). This (the amount of taxes, and shitty predictions for the failure of this system) is true for most european countries (although you get more and better stuff in some countries). When the system collapses in one country, the others will go down fast, and we'll have a huge problem then. Yes, and in slovenia it's 25%, and in other countries its at mostly the same level. Then theres's health insurance (12.92% in slovenia). Only after that you get income taxes. And above that you get VAT (22% here) for your services. So basically, you charge your customers ~5k, and get ~2k of net payout (the rest goes to the government) ... and that's without any actual business expenses. Denmark has even higher taxes, but the country still works better than italy. Calculating taxes is pretty easy in most countries, especially if you have to do it yourself (eg. independent contractors, etc.). The only problem here is, that once one country fails (eg. they stop paying out pensions), all the other ones will go into full panic mode, and the shit will hit the fan. Government jobs are really really bad at this. Small companies are a lot better at this (atleast here).. the last time i worked at an international one, they sent me an email two weeks before i started there, saying basically "we don't choose the devices, but we have a 5k(eur) budget for a work computer, and you pick everything yourself - we suggest two monitors and a 'real' (non laptop) keyboard and mouse + a docking station", I emailed them the list, and everything was waiting on my desk. There was also a policy of buying small stuff we needed ourselves and getting paid back (keyboard stopped working?, don't ask, just buy/order it, and sent the receipt to accounting to get reimbursed). And after two years, we were allowed to buy the written off equipment for 5-10eur/piece. It has a lot of potential for abuse, but in that setting it worked great. You have to charge your customers the VAT, so if you're employed as a plumber, you actually have to charge the customers directly everything including the VAT. It's not the you who pays it directly, but you have to earn your company the amount including the vat. The amount is split between you and your employer, but if you're self employed it doesn't really matter (and in any way, it's you who has to earn the company the whole amount). Here's the calculator: https://data.si/izracun-place/ In "01 Plača" in "Plača" enter the gross monthly amount, and at the right side ("03 Izračun", there's "Strošek izplačevalca" (what the employer pays all together), and "Neto plača" (net pay you get). Just the part was 400eur. probably 50-100eur more for labor. I got a used replacement on ebay for less than 100eur, and replaced it myself. This! Top are doctors, engineers, small business owners, etc., and usually, they are the ones who get hit with the highest taxes (atleast around here in europe). The super rich have ways to move their money, the ones above usually don't. If by "the wealthiest" you mean millionares and billionaires, then you must also know that they have ways to move their money around to avoid those taxes. Some programmer with 200k wage, living in an ultra expensive city, doesn't. Doesn't amazon pay road taxes for their trucks (or whatever they're called over there)? If you have a class full of "good" students, it's a lot easier to work and teach, than with a class where 1/3 is almost illiterate, 1/3 doesn't care at all, and only 1/3 actually wants to learn. Higher the frequency, less radiation penetration there is (skin effect), so higher = "better" No it doesnt. It can work with more on 60GHz, or it can work with the same amount on the same frequencies as 4G. And in either way - more towers, less power per tower. No it wont require, it will be able to work on the same frequencies as 4G does. It can use more towers at higher frequencies in really really crowded areas or industrial setups, but those work at lower power outputs, and penetrate the body less (due to higher frequencies). If there was an outbreak of cancers at the right side of the head (the place where we usually hold our phone while talking on it), we'd know. But there aren't. > And the character's suffering was depicted as entirely mental. That's because it is entirely mental. Blind tests were done on people, and their ability to recognise a radiation source was the same as random picking. Anybody claiming to be able to sense radiation can be tested simply by taking two mobile phones, turning one off (leaving one connected to the internet and doing something online), putting both in a bag/under a bucket/..., having someone else randomly swap their position and trying to guess which is the one that is radiating at the moment. I can guarantee you're guesses will be around 50% in the long run, so basically random guesses. How the hell do you prove it's safe? Try proving carrots are safe. This is just some youtuber soccer moms spreading FUD. "massive" sounds more dangerous. Saying there's mimo in 4G and even wifi is doesn't generate so many clicks on articles. Why not take the top 20% (or whatever number) of the lower class, and give them a change to go to a higher class? and the same for the bottom 20% of the higher (who maybe aren't able to keep up) to go to the lower class. Considering a lot of changes during puberty, and these tests done before onset of puberty, we don't know what happens later. Without looking at other age groups, we never know. Most teachers in those age groups are (in most countries) women, but I agree about inequality when one-gender-only scholarships are offered. More research has to be done on other age groups. There are ethics problems with active involvement, but brain differences have been observed in other animals too ( https://www.newscientist.com/article/dn13596-male-monkeys-pr... ) Most phones do nothing (except charge) when plugged, until you actively choose the option (file sharing, usb debugging,...). And other projects will apear, all the people that visit sites like this one here, will switch, and slowly transition their families. Majority will conitniue "suffering" since they already don't have adblocks installed. > About homosexuality for example, my naive vision is that it was "not OK" until very recently Well... it was not "OK" until recently for some time. But was "OK" for some time before that. Atleast in some places... well.. atleast ancient greeks and romans didn't seem to care about that. For cheating (and all sorts of other stuff) on linux, you can always use scanmem (also has a gui): https://github.com/scanmem/scanmem We cannot excpect a private company to continue paying for resources they don't want to. But giving a "export all the data in xml/json/whatever" button, and maybe even opensourcing the now-abandoned component serving this data, would be nice move. The first part could even become a regulative requirement some day. In slovenia, that's the "default" option (for mastercard and visa atleast). You need a special "loan mastercard" to be able to do partial pays. The main difference is, that then, "backup" ment copying everything by hand, and now, it means one simple copy-paste. Considering the size and price of modern hard drives, and relatively small size of old archives, any one individual can backup a huge amount of data (and even offer/share it as a download link/torrent seed/etc). Their whole Library would probably fit even on a smallest now-available sd card. Ok.. i want to serve tiles... ok, I go here: https://switch2osm.org/serving-tiles/ First option (Build a tile server using packages) ... i click on it.. ubuntu packages... i don't have ubuntu here, let's go back. Second option (Build a tile server from source), takes me here: https://switch2osm.org/?page_id=76 ... where is the documentation? How do i build it from source? Ok fsck it, let's try the "all in one solution"... https://switch2osm.org/serving-tiles/using-an-all-in-one-sol... ... "Page not found" So.. either install ubuntu, or figure it out by myself? > I for instance sell a product, but to unlock its feature set you first need to upload a picture of your family back to my company via the app. That would really make me refund your product. I'd be happy just if they were forbidden to change articles after publishing, and not say that. Because currently, they post some bullshit news and create some random outrage. Then someone points at some bullshit claim in their article, and they just quietly change the article (remove the claim, add "allegedly", etc.), and act as nothing was wrong. Or in worst case scenario, they quietly remove the whole article. Why would you approve location access to an app that doesn't require it? The only thing I miss is "ask me everytime" option on android (atleast until 9), where you want to post an instagram photo with geotag now , let them do a location lookup once , and after that disable the location access (so, a "give permission for one lookup", instead of going to settings, enabling location, posting, back to settings, disabling location access). Users still want to see those pages. If browser X removes the UA string, that site brakes for them, and they change to browser Y that still has the old useragent. Is there a price? Taking a raspberrypi zero, a camera, 4g modem, a couple of batteries and a charge circuit can turn any large-enough object into a hidden camera, for It’s the responsibility of the manufacturer In case of google (android), it's the manufacturer (of the OS) earning money on this But it spreads much faster... 3% of a billion people infected is quite a lot. Otherwise most reports cite that the dead were people who were already on their "deathbeds", and would (probably) die from a normal flu + complications (eg. pneumonia) anyways... but there are a few cases of younger people who died, that wouldn't if this was a "normal" flu. I work in some other industry with some other software which is "our SAP"... and i look at it as "another IBM". You have a bunch of smaller companies with different products, and whichever you pick, it will have some faults, missing features bugs, etc., and you'll the the one blamed for picking the "wrong" software. ...or you pick IBM/SAP/..., which is "de facto standard" in your {industry}, and whatever is wrong, is not your fault, but IBMs/SAPs/...s. So, someone starting up a vpn and opening incognito mode? +ip +browser version +some os info +fonts info +screen resolution (well.. viewport size) + + + I live in europe, so it may be different here/there. The cars here in ads are shown as very cheap (but zero extras). Want cruise control? 300eur. Want powered back windows? 200eur. This? 500eur. That? 300eur. So a car with a price of 12.000eur is 15.000 just after the basic necessities for a comfortable ride (without heated seats, adaptive cruise control, sunroof etc). Automatic transmissions are usually the most expensive 'extra' here. All those things are usually covered by warranty (~5years for most). And most cars here need oil replacement ("service done") every 15.000, 20.000 or even 30.000 kilometers (a bit under 10k miles a bit under 20k miles). I dont't know why americans like changing oil so much. I had an old hyundai last 320.000km that way (service every 20.000), until it was too rusty to fix (engine running without issues). The problem is, that it's hard to find an otherwise good phone with a jack. Want good photos, lots of storage, fast cpu, and a good screen? You need a flagship phone. Want security updates for stuff like this now? You're either stuck with Pixel phones or Samsung galaxy S? ones (or iphones)... pixel doesnt have one anymore, galaxy s20 is rumored it wont have one, and iphones don't have one. My ISP has to obey the rules of my government, and it is not allowed to sell my data. It's in my country, with my regulatory bodies and close enough that I (or a group of people like me) can sue them, if they start doing bad things. What the hell am I supposed to do again cloudflare? My ISP is legally bound to respect my privacy. I have regulatory bodies literally 10 minutes away, that can deal with tham, and a court system where I (and many more like me) can sue the ISP if they do something bad. What can I, citizen of small EU country, with an en_US firefox, do against cloudflare? What should we/they do? Even in real-life, you're never sure, when someone recommends a product, be it a salesman in a brick and mortar store ("this one here is a lot better then that one there", even at the same price, could mean different profits). With platforms like youtube, you have atleast minimal trust in a few youtubers you follow regularly (and this literally means "a few"), but doing a random search means 80% chance the reviewer got sponsoder or atleast received the product for free in exchange for a good review. Star systems on sellers pages have their own sets of issues... usually people don't write reviews at all if the product is good, and complain only after it breaks (unless they're 'paid' for the review). The problem is in the healthcare capacities. I live in a country with ~2mio people. If you're patient zero here, you get a comfy private room, your own bed, 5 doctors, 10 nurses, whole research teams, respirators, priority with all the tests, examinations, etc. Same for patient 1, 2, 3. If 200k people get infected (10% of population), and only 10% of those need extra medical care, that's 20.000 people. We don't have that many hospital beds, doctors, respirators.. probably not even enough medicine (some test have shown that malaria medicine and aids medicine works on some people). You get thrown into an army tent or a school gym with many more ill people, and you get almost zero resources. Need a respirator? Sorry, only 5 available at that location, and are used on other people.. or kids.. or pregnant women... and you can just slowly suffocate. China built a hospital in a couple of days. I don't think there's a country in EU that can do anything remotely fast as that.. we probably need 10 days just to discuss where to put the emergency tents, and even then we'd get protesters not wanting them there. Same probably in the USA. We also don't have companies making respirators and other medical equipment. Large countries who do, are making them for their own hospitals (if they're not stuck in paperpushing hell with the government). Basically, if there's a wide-spread epidemic, a lot of people will get really really fscked. But if you get a bunch of "it's just a flu" people, who sneeze everywhere and don't wash their hands, that "1%" number gets higher. I'm not saying we should close up the whole country, but basic measures (you're ill, even if it is just a flu, you stay home... people must wash hands. Hand desinfectants at stores, schools, etc. No large gatherings if it's not neccessary. If you can, work from home, if someone near you got sick. etc) There's probably a guy who broke his leg and stayed at home wondering, why everyone at the office hates him. That's why you isolate everyone. We (smaller company, also in eu, with infections in neighboring countries already) have a plan to just work from home, when first cases appear here. It's not 100% potection of course, but just reducing contact between people.. especially 8h/day in offices, where people sneeze, cough, eat, pick their noses, etc, helps. They could say, someone on the marketing team got sick, and quarantine (=work from home) the whole team or the whole floor. Or just say "someone on the third floor". Or just make the whole building work from home. If youtube's automated system detects a copyrighter (eg.) song, the user should be given an option to say "no, it's not copyrighter, or it's fair use, etc", after that, the claim should be forwarded to the copyright owner. The copyright owner would then verify if it is indeed a copyright infringement, and if they believe it is, and the user still believe it isn't, the case should be brought to some quivalent of "small claims court", where both sides would present their sides, and the loser has to pay some fine (not too large, but still high enough to deter pointless cases.. eg $1000 (to cover the court cost), and damages up to eg. $1000 due to lost views, or damages due to unlicenced distribution). Basically, make it worth fighting for, if you're sure you're right in what you're doing, and not too expensive, when eg. Sonys lawyers build a multi-year case, destroying you financially, even if you're doing the right thing. > The three-year, $150-million program Three year. Would you quit your job, and move somewhere cheaper if you knew the money will run out after three years, and you'll have a three year gap in your CV? Are there really no lottery winners winning lifetime monthly payouts to study? Because, if you gave me 5x average earnings for three years, I wouldn't quit my job. But if you guaranteed the money for the rest of my life, i'd pursue different activities (fun, good for me, but non-productive for society). Yes, usually to stay rich. > Sure, these things aren't economically productive The problem with UBI is, that you need people to be economically productive, to create money for fudning the UBI. Also, how many of those microservices do exactly the same thing, but are implemented by different people who don't know about the other microservices existing. In some indistries, that means thousands of people without work, and hundreds of other companies in the supply chain going bankrupt, and even more people without work. Sometimes it's cheaper to bail out the main company, then to deal with the unemployed, many more bankrupt companies etc. But some regulation should be put in place... if a CEO fscked up the company so much, it needed government bailout, they don't deserve a bonus, no matter what their contract says. A good system would also be, to turn a bailout into a 'long-term loan' from the government, and have a mandatory percentage of the companies profits go to repaying the 'loan', with some regulation on internal business (to prevent dumping everything to a new, 'clean' company, and letting the old shell fail). In good times, companies work "at capacity" and all the problems are between the owners and the managers. If managers fsck up, the owners will deal with them, or lose their own money. If something fails, people will still excpect those products, other companies will take the workers, etc. (so if you're a pilot, AA goes under, people will still need to travel, so other companies will need more pilots). In the time of crisis (like now), (almost) noone flies, and no company needs pilots (neither their own, nor new employees). In some countries (eg. mine, slovenia), the government has also forbiden flights (and other modes of public transport). In this case, where you have a successful company, and the government says you're not allowed to do your core business, but also not allowed to lay off employees, and they still expect all the taxes, dues and paycheks paid, ...'something' has to be done (either bailouts, or special laws (like here now), where you don't have to pay some government fees, can put workers to "wait for work" (less pay, but still employed), etc.). I'm from slovenia, a small, former yugoslav country. We don't have special schools for math here, and elementary schools (7-15yo in my time) were the same for all, and you went to the closest school to your home... but our highschool ("gymnasiums" - 15-19) used the grades from elementary school + standardized testing scores to rank students, and somehow best students went to certain schools, 'the middle' got accepted o others, and shitty students went to shitty schools and other, non-general schools. The biggest difference wasn't separating kids into math classes and language classes, but genrally separating them by "good" and "bad". Having a random mix of students, where some can barely read, and others read two books per week (or some can barely multiply, while others code math problems for fun), is a very hard job for the professor, because in the end, they have to lower their standards, expectations, and the quantity of material until most students scrape by. Having a group of students that are good at "school stuff", means the teachers are having very little problems with the basics and can continue faster and prepare students better for university and life. If we had separation for stem-talented students, and language-talented and *-talented, it would be even better. So basically... group better students together, and you can do a lot more with them, if you don't have to pull the 'bad' students behind. I am aware that this is bad for 'bad' students, and that it should be fixable somehow (they should have options to move to better schools), but good students thrive without idiots in class. I dont know about the second part... but i'm sure glad I didn't jave illiterate trouble-causers in my class (as i did in elementary school (7-15yo)). One such disrupter can take away easilly 10 minutes of a class hour, and 1/3 of the class not understanding basics, means the teacher has to try again and again to teach them the things they should already know, while the rest of tle class stagnates. If it was something that affected only those individuals, noone would care. The problem is, that someone else can be irresponsible, and you die because of that. > Today if I want to send someone a photo I took on I need to grant it permissions to read all of my storage Yes > That's dumb In that context, yes. But: > An interactive sandbox UX I like a lot is an app giving me a dialog "Allow", "Deny" with an additional "Remember" button Everytime you'd want to access any file (eg. upload a saved photo to instagram), you'd get a permissions prompt, and everybody clicks "allow all" after the second time. The workaround is to have the app ask the trusted OS module to open the file selector, and the user then selects the file, and the app only gets access to that one file. This works for instagram for example. ...but! This doesnt work for file browser apps, file synchronisation apps, backup apps, etc. This also doesn't work with instagram, which offers to upload the last photo taken when you select photo (instead of camera), because it doesn't have permission to load it, and that means an additional step just to select the photo. If you want instagram photos to be saved to your device storage, instagram either needs permission to write to some folder, or it has to ask the os (and then user) where to save the photo every time. If you want security, features and user friendliness, you're basicaly fscked But we do just that. Every car has to pass a bunch of certifications to be legal to drive on the road. It has to pass a (4-, 2- or 1-)yearly checkup, has to be registered, insurance has to be paid, road tax, etc. Also the driver has to pass a theoretical and a practical exam, has to be of certain age, not be under influence of any of many substances, has to obey a bunch of traffic laws, etc. And we also have check for all that, from police controls, to speed cameras, alco-testers, etc. I just hope more companies consider working from home even after this. I've talked with some buddies of mine, and i've heard massively different results (from productivity a lot higher than on-premises work (one of the companies is a shared-space coding house... so it's very understandable), to practically zero productivity (public sector, they've actually hired a private detective due to issues).. I know working from home all the time is not optimal, but reducing the "drive to work" days and replcing then with "work from home" for people who prefer that would be great.