The root problem with Bitcoin isn't the program, it's the money supply equation. Deflationary currencies fail exactly because they are too volatile, which is the anti-thesis of designing a currency to be held as an asset. Imagine currency like the oil in an engine. Someone needs to create a coin that rewards mining by giving them futures contracts on the currency and still deflating it. Sales oriented companies derive a majority of their accounting book value from their client list. When a salesman leaves, they can solicit clients and thereby the value of the company can rapidly diminish. Fair is fair, right? What's best for the customer is best for the economy, right? ...well, now imagine an industry where sales oriented companies have essentially no stable book value. They cannot get loans securitized by the value of their book, and therefor cannot invest in growth or innovation. In the end it is a race to the bottom. A reasonable balance exists whereby employees are bound by a 2-3 year non-compete clause that prevents them from stealing clients. Markets are still competitive within 2-3 years, and since everyone has these clauses, employee value is retained. Sales oriented companies derive a majority of their accounting book value from their client list. When a salesman leaves, they can solicit clients and thereby the value of the company can rapidly diminish. Fair is fair, right? What's best for the customer is best for the economy, right? ...well, now imagine an industry where sales oriented companies have essentially no stable book value. They cannot get loans securitized by the value of their book, and therefor cannot invest in growth or innovation. In the end it is a race to the bottom. A reasonable balance exists whereby employees are bound by a 2-3 year non-compete clause that prevents them from stealing clients. Markets are still competitive within 2-3 years, and since everyone has these clauses, employee value is retained. Turnout would certainly be higher, but it's not clear that it would be a "better" representation of the country. The electoral college distribute power, to some degree, based on geography. Geography is correlated with a large number of other "diversities" of American culture, from race, population density, to industry, to global warming risk, etc... Switching it to a straight majority would take power away from all of these subsets of society. This election, it seems, it was "white rust belt" Americans that decided the election. In Gore vs Bush, it was Florida. Next time, it will be something else. It's all highly imperfect and somewhat random, but I see danger in solidifying power in what essentially will be people who live in cities. It's also a question of whether the borders of a state breaking away remain valid. While the cities of LA and SF might support secession, the rural residents occupying the remaining 98% of the actual territory in California would want to stay. Agreed. Although in this case we don't if the initial report was fake or not. It's just unverifiable. It's entirely possible that some local cable tech decided to play a prank on a specific neighborhood where the tweeter lived. ...it wouldn't be the first time. In a world where news is so commoditized, interpretation is so rare If a surface temperature of −179.5 °C isn't enough to stop someone, logic never will. The point is that we are far far further away than commonly accepted. The day a computer can distinguish between a plastic bag in the road and a child is the day I'd support them on the road. This does not include storage costs to offset the cyclic nature of solar. I have a hard time imagining these exact same four points not being equally urgent if we were ushering in a Clinton administration. From an IT perspective, I think it's more important to recognize the increasing complexity and chaos of our security environment, and recognize that governments are not homogeneous objects, but themselves composed of good actors and bad actors. Engage the good, protect yourself from the bad. I think this would be your answers if you want to be questioned further. The amount of energy used actually makes it less likely to be intelligence. It's times like this I'm glad I have a country block setup through ipdeny. Reducing the likelihood of attack by two orders of magnitude is a big help until there's a patch. Looks like a bot to me. Literally only pastes links. I'd suspect that some of the websites it links to generate ad-rev, while the wikipedia and reddit links are there to obfuscate the purpose of the bot. It's simple logic. If you notice, both the Reddit and HN source have the same source url. You don't think there's any value in reducing penetration attempts by 2-3 orders of magnitude? I went from seeing an attack every few seconds to one per day/week. Doesn't using a .com TLD mean they are subject to DNS seizure in the US? ...although maybe it'll redirect once they launch. I'd love to have a global map with more granularity than just country level. Is that in the works? He's a complete random element. I literally have no idea what he's going to do. ...maybe that's a good thing? Everything that was "reliable" in the past let us down. The frequencies are roughly the same as what is used for LTE cell phone traffic. Which means they are probably looking for a frequency that has the same atmospheric, foliage, and construction material absorption, and range. Not sure it tells you much. They are obviously also limited to what portions of the spectrum are available. People don't really have a problem with immigration. They have a problem with terrorism. The various eastern European migrations subsequent to the fall of communism did not come with terrorism. A common use-case is tabs that are streaming music. I'm not sure if most users are even aware of pinned tabs. This is a great example of how fear of something possibly happening, gives a larger audience the illusion that it will happen. Literally no one in the administration has even suggested, ever, that they'd delete climate data. The problem is that we have news channels that mimic entertainment. The reality of the executive orders actually being signed are nearly identical to previous Republican administrations. What's different is the reporting. Is there a comprehensive list of ALL stars within 50/100/200/etc light years? Clear from the judges order that this only helps those few immigrants caught in transit during the order being signed. There's a difference between giving your boss honest feedback, and being obstructionist. Encouraging honesty is great, but at the end of the day, you still need to follow orders. Tata is just one of MANY similar companies. ...even if they only did this for the top 20/50/100 changes, it would be well worth it. Isn't it reasonable that all requests be provided "at cost"? Maybe at a $/hour corresponding to the federal minimum wage? I don't think FOIAs should be free nor anonymous. I imagine foreign governments would exploit that to try to probe for information. Marketers also have the 99% / 1% rule. They aren't coming up with new marketing slogans all day long. They come up with 1 good idea per quarter and then go through the painstaking process of fleshing it out, testing it with groups, presenting it to management, getting design teams to execute, managing a project/budget/schedule, etc... This is a general human rule that most people spend WAY too much time criticizing the effort of those of us who are working. They aren't going to inspect the HD partitions at the border. They clone for a later time - at which point, you'd already be admitted and are not obliged to assist them. As another investor, the stock has already gone up 650%. You should probably look at another company to buy. Never buy during the hype. The predominant theory, though, is that the bombardment was caused by changes within our own solar system, not from outside - per your link I find it interesting that the public has a good understanding of our solar system, and recognizes images of our galaxy as a whole, but if you ask them anything about the layout of what's in between, they have no clue. PBS (and thus NPR) federal funding might be on the chopping block with the next federal budget, so it's not surprising to see pieces trying to get out ahead of that. I grew up on NRP, and I LOVE This American Life, Garrison Keillor, and the reruns of Click and Clack, but I'd be lying if I didn't admit that they have a pretty left leaning agenda. The Brian Lehrer show used the anniversary of Pearl Harbor to discuss how Trump might create Muslim concentration camps in America. I manage several GSuite accounts. The tech support staff is friendly and helpful, but if the problem is outside their list of known issues or current outages, they're basically useless. They aren't developers and they have no access to investigate underlying system data/logs, let alone resolve anything. ...and that's where the true problem with Google is. There's no mechanism to report/escalate a well-defined and reproducible technical bug - even as a technical sysadmin with a paid account. ...and if a data issue only impacts a small number of people, it'll never get fixed. The GSuite forums are bombarded with usability questions, and real tech issues are given the old "let's see which FAQ I can post to get some karma" response. Calling the help desk might get the issue escalated, but it's far far more time consuming than if I could just put a normal bug report together with a screenshot. For PCI Compliance purposes, at least, holding user credit card information is already seen as a liability because maintaining compliance is a cost center. That's why there's been some shift towards tokenizing transactions on the fly and directly submitting to the CC company via javascript so that shopping websites never see your CC number even when you enter it on their website - even if you're scheduling future payments. Maybe we should include other data elements under PCI or similar regulations. SSN? I imagine HIPAA has similar requirements and associated costs. I think it's disingenuous to claim that's all that's being removed from Facebook in Germany, even today. My wife is German and she's seen pages/profiles get banned that are just generally anti-immigration. ...but the only they ran this story was to target Trump. ...and even still, what's happening in Yemen is barely mentioned. Obama was just as complicit with what was happening and no one published anything about it. You can buy drugs with it online. ...and also pay ransomware ransoms. tl;dr - Exchanges go bankrupt More generally, the issue is that it solidifies control to the two political parties participating in the "I cut you choose" game, which are both incentivized to marginalize any 3rd party. I wonder if the game can be fairly expanded to X number of parties? I'm starting to think FPTP is at the root of all of our problems. There is a big misconception about nuclear attacks. Full scale nuclear war with a adversary like Russia is indeed an apocalypse scenario, but a single lowish yield nuclear detonation by a nation like North Korea is very very survivable, if you are prepared. I have a similar evac plan with a bug-out bag that I gave my wife to keep at her work. For nuclear attack specifically, she is instructed NOT to leave her work and hunker down in their concrete basement for two weeks. Even being much closer to an estimated ground-zero, she is far safer in their well-shielded basement than trying to get home in the open fallout zone. The bag has enough rations, batteries, water, first-aid, etc for that period. Fallout zone radiation levels take about 2 weeks to drop to safe levels, at which time she has a printed google map for her to walk the 20 miles home. My job is to grab the kids at school and hunker down in our basement where we have more exhaustive supplies, and ultimately get the hell out of town together. Fallout is the biggest killer. Using http://nuclearsecrecy.com/nukemap/ , and unfortunately fallout is highly dependent on wind direction - an important unknown on that day. Given the unknowns and the likelihood that roads will be quickly impassible, it is best to prepare at home. It takes two feet of concrete or packed dirt to block radiation to a safe level, and that includes ABOVE you. Wood provides almost no protection. ...but if you do have a basement, then you can make a plan to place very heavy items (appliances & server racks) on the first floor above you and vehicles and stones/dirt/etc around that part of the house. Fallout settles on surfaces, so it's a good idea to trim bushes and trees directly around that shelter - you want the fallout to hit the ground, not settle at a higher angle above you. ...and if you're in Hawaii or other coastal area and have easy access to a boat, that might be the best option because fallout sinks and there are no traffic jams at sea. In reality, you would be very hard pressed to get 51% of all global wealth to agree on anything. Today, it is pockets of ~1% wealth screwing over their regional 0.00001% constituents. Ethereum forces a global authority :) The point of "code is law" is to replace the legal system. Laws are, after all, code. Programmers are the new lawyers. The problem with the "hack" was that our laws/code are still incredibly primitive. I don't have an issue with the rollback - because that's part of the design, and I really doubt they'll be able to do that again if the ownership of ETH spreads out more. These problems will work themselves out. There are numerous other coins. Pick the one you think is better and buy it. What happens when these issues are addressed at the hardware level. Are users on new chips going to continue to live with performance nerfs to protect those who haven't upgraded, or will patches and fixes detect some CPU feature that IDs it as a "fixed" CPU... of course spoofing that will have its own security implications. Yes, but almost exclusively those who die are immune compromised, under 5 months old, or elderly. What's terrifying is healthy adults dying of flu. Same here. ...and while I can teach some basics to my 4 year old, there is absolutely nothing I can do about my 2 year old in daycare. The Plague was one of the major causes of the contraction of Eastern Roman empire. Never underestimate the ability of a disease to shift the balance of political power in the world. Ethereum actually uses a reduced version of this to accept portions of competing chains so as to be more efficient. There's no question that Intel's response is entirely dictated by the legal ramifications of the coming lawsuits. ...but irrespective of that, it ALSO appears that there's no leadership within Intel to actually fix the underlying issue. I don't care if the PR is BS - that's what I expect. But if the chips are not fixed the right way, I'm taking my business elsewhere, and I'm not alone. So are we saying that since nothing is getting fixed in that interim period, that AMD chips suffer much less performance impact due to their lesser exposure to the issue? Agreed, but I don't think it changes the bulk of what he's talking about. Why would a website go down during a government shutdown? It actually takes more work to turn it off, doesn't it? Is Twitter really the official way to notify people of danger? Or is there also a cell phone warning system? One thing I often add to my search terms is the site: tag to restrict results to, say stackexchange, reddit, etc... In the past it's been a necessity to get non-spam results on DuckDuckGo. I'm not sure how needed it still is. Any thoughts? For those running a beefier router - there are great solutions at the router level to protect the entire home network. I honestly don't know what use-case remains for Bitcoin. If you have large value transactions you'd probably choose something with privacy like Monero, and if you want something cheap and fast, maybe Bitcoin Cash. In both use-cases, you have a few competing alternatives. In no circumstance is Bitcoin preferable to one of the mature alternatives. ...and if no one is using it as a transaction medium, then acting as a store of value is better placed in an actively used coin network. It's not so simple. You only need one exchange, anywhere in the world, that will exchange Monero for non-banned cryptos, and the market will flow freely. I think this misses the point that we are using our dollars inefficiently. Between race and socio-economic status, the later has a stronger correlation to health and so it should be used as the main indicator directing where/how to spend those healthcare dollars. When it comes to people's health, these dollars need to be blind, or we are needlessly throwing some number of lives away each year. If it supports 1000tps on a blockchain, then there must be some centralization nodes, in which case, it is just another Dash equivalent. Centralization defeats the purpose of crypto in my opinion. Yes. It is a centralized decentralized network. No. A foreign bank can hold USD without any US oversight. The biggest problem is the precedent it sets. Once Julius Cesar made himself "first citizen" and took control over the senate, absolutely NONE of his successors relinquished power back to the Senate. ...and some of them were disastrous leaders. I wouldn't be surprised if countries like Russia and China are surreptitiously inciting partisanship in the west. So can I then "move to London" in my account, and then request a real delete? Elon cares tremendously about bad press. He's specifically banned all reporters from filming launch or recovery attempts in case there are failures. You'll notice that there are NO social media posts whenever there's a accident (of which there have been many). Zuck drawing attention to it must have really pissed Elon off. > we just found out a new principle on the large scale organization of matter in the known universe. Not really, because we've already knew that and observed it before in the bullet galaxy. This is just a 2nd observation (although it is interesting in the ways it's different). We don't have an accurate way to identify the amount of dark matter in a galaxy. That is why the outliers are so important. ...but what is potentially more important is the cause of these outliers. Assuming there's no smooth distribution of dark matter correlations with regular matter, then some unfathomable EVENT caused this galaxy to be different. I'm not saying it's aliens, but... It's a pointless conversation the argue over which unproven theory is taken most seriously. The reality is that we don't know. The only reason this is getting so much press is because it was favorable to Trump. If we look at left leaning abuses of "news", it gets buried in downvotes and derided as "both sides". If you really want to combat the problem, you need to attack the root of the problem - for-profit 'news' organizations. There should be regulations around ownership and foreign funding of anything that labels itself "news" or "journalism". We should look out for suicides. Someone who's given the choice between destroying his family and betraying his country might be pretty likely to off himself. She didn't think she was being specifically targeted. In one of her rants she specifically stated that she knew of many other content creators having their videos censored, age restricted, and demonetized. Her methods are nuts, obviously, but her beef with Youtube is entirely justified. The end result, unfortunately, isn't going to be Google/Amazon/Facebook/etc... realizing the error of their ways - it's going to be them over-reacting to protect themselves. I expect Silicon Valley campuses will get locked down. I expect any content that even slightly might maybe insinuate violence will get taken down. tldr; The problem is going to get worse before it gets better. Whenever I paste, I use ctrl-shift-v. It solves this problem and a multitude of other pasting problems. For a company with multiple locations, they'll just shift jobs to the other locations. Working remotely has become very unfashionable in tech after many studies showed that remote employees are very inefficient. The Martinez-Fuerte ruling specifically applies to a section of US territory along the border. The ruling accepts that illegal border crossings DO occur and that therefor Border Patrol need jurisdiction to stop and question people within a reasonable distance from the border in areas where illegal border crossings occur. A less penetrable border would be the cleanest solution here. Past performance does not guarantee future results. The Steam platform should actually create a VM sandbox for a game when it's running to exactly prevent bad behavior. That's a service I'd actually pay for. Actually the impact on nations higher in latitude makes the time change more compelling. The biggest issue is traffic accidents as a result of commuting directly into the rising or setting sun. It's especially acute if there are children crossing streets to get to school at the same time. It doesn't take many dead kids to make headlines. If I remember correctly, Chile abolished DST, and then after they have a ton of traffic fatalities, they added it back two years later. It's not as clear cut as people make it out to be. As a smb sysadmin for a GSuite based company, I've forced it as an extension to Chrome, so whenever any employee logs into Chrome, it automatically adds it. Unlikely given the high altitude of the cave. > a laser with a gigawatt of power (approximately the output of a large nuclear plant) would provide only a few newtons of thrust. wow... that's not very efficient... No, but I think we should know which American company ultimately helped them. $40 seems excessive for what is essentially a hierarchical TODO list. I simply open a google doc in B4 page format landscape and keep a list with bullets/sub-bullets. It's not ideal, but I haven't found a mind-mapping tool that materially provides anything better. This is like punching someone in the face, and then accusing them of having a nose-bleeding problem. Nuclear is expensive because the rampant fear-mongering generates massive amounts of litigation, construction delays, and outdated/unreasonable regulations. If you look at the cost of reactors in China, Russia, Saudi Arabia, etc, they are one-tenth the US cost for the exact same reactor design. If you rob the state of its monopoly over money, it's ability to exert force is greatly diminished. My daughter and I play Factorio together. There are a lot of emergent properties in Factorio that are relevant to programming. > gaining legitimacy and working as a payment system parallel to national currencies while complying with the complex regulations This is an impossible requirement. Every country has different, subjective, fluctuating, and often vague regulatory requirements. Not decentralized platform could ever comply. The reason crypto hasn't taken hold is simply that it doesn't scale. When enough people use it, the system grinds to a halt. Newer cryptos, like Monero have made some big steps recently, but there's still a long long long way to go for scalability. Kind of like physical cash - which is what crypto is. It's odd that people think any form of cash would "conform to AML" - an impossible requirement for anything decentralized. It's like saying tires don't conform to speed limits. Without having a semantic debate, I think the point is that since there are no static addresses, parties cannot send money in a one-way transaction. Every transaction must have a handshake. Those two people could be in person, or online, but they don't need to be connected to the grin network until either wants to post the transaction. > you can send to an address; that address can be a cold wallet, or could not exist at all I don't think this is accurate since the other party must participate. Exactly - like cash. It's cash for the internet. Grin is different private. I wouldn't say it's less private. The fact that you can submit a truncated set of transactions, can in some cases provide far more privacy than Monero. How would an asynchronous transaction work? If you're posting your side of the transaction publicly, doesn't that expose you to a MITM or spoofing attack? > A credit system probably wouldn't work however as we're destroyed the concept of time value of money. This is spot on and is the main problem. This destroys all lending, which prevents various forms of capital investment - the cornerstone of economic growth. Like it or not, inflation is a key component to any currency. ...and as you said, increasing the money supply doesn't even guarentee inflation - but contracting it absolutely spells deflation - which is death. Ideally a "better" cryptocurrency would detect the velocity of money within its own blockchain, and calculate the appropriate amount of inflation (or even deflation) to keep the scarcity of currency stable. If you imagine that a currency is like blood in a body, then as the body grows (or shrinks), the blood volume must adjust accordingly. Fundamentally, the function of currency is not to save - it is to spend. I think the argument being made is that linear emission is, in the long run, as insufficient as zero emission since it's an ever decreasing portion of the total money supply. It really needs to be inflationary. Have you considered merging your functionality with a package like gnucash which works as an open source account/budget program for families/small businesses? I think it would be a good match. ...and now I understand why the Uyghur are persecuted in China.