Completely agreed. Why would there be either an elimination or explosion of either sex-trafficing or child sex exploitation if prostitution is brought into the fold of legitimate commerce? Sewing shirts is legal, yet we still have sweatshops in America full of immigrants with limited communication skills and limited options forced into labor with illegally low compensation and dangerous working conditions. The more secure and more knowledgeable will always be in a position to exploit the less secure and the less knowledgeable. This is the basic operation of capitalism. I think the question is do we ban manufacturing or agriculture because of the exploitation rife in both industries? Or do we set minimum standards as a society for the treatment and compensation of labor and the ability of minors to consent to labor, and treat violations of those standards as criminal behavior to be punished? Why is sex so special that we can't find a standard to apply? I think you'd see quite different figures if Figure 4 had been controlled by parental income (or even by total blue book value of parental household automobiles.) I always find it troubling when people find two events co-occurring and assume it's a causal relationship, particularly when both things are clearly possibly related to class. The title is a unbelievable deceptive because, unless I missed something, all of these experiments were done on completely unregulated toy markets. I would be curious about what would happen if, instead of rewarding people directly with the returns on their trades and their dividends, you gave them a baseline salary that they can never go under, then gave them a bonus based on a percentage the gained market value of their holdings during any particular round, but ended their game if they ranked below 50% of the other players for two rounds in a row then gave them severance equal to five times their baseline salary plus their average bonus per round over the entire game. In short, I'd be interested in how far fiduciary investment bubbles would deviate from the bubbles produced by direct investors in these same safe markets, and whether changing any of the variables above could bring them closer together. Wow, my first sentence was made incoherent by backediting: "The title is unbelievably deceptive because..." In my experience(YMMV) with trying to use BPMN to make inroads into automating workflows at a small financial authority, I had to reduce it to an extremely small subset even just to get business stakeholders to look at the models. The only ones who were assigned to actually help me create the models were the most-spareable, least-knowledgeable people in the organization who pretty much only used a subset reduced to ANDs, ORs, and XORs, and after months, still didn't consistently understand the difference between ORs and XORs. The ability (or even the earnest attempt) to use the symbols correctly had absolutely no relation to the enthusiasm any individual showed towards using heavily marketed tools promising automated execution. So basically, I was assigned the least knowledgeable people to work on models, and I had to spend an order of magnitude more time redoing their work than they spent doing it. In the end we had a big beautiful graph that no one could verify was accurate in any way except me by describing sections in plain English during the 20 minute meetings I could sometimes wrangle out of the people who knew the business side well enough to give me a plain English answer that was interpreted by me and added to the giant unverifiable graph. Really a horrible experience all around. And at the beginning of the project, I really thought BPMN looked nice. Of course, I looked at it like a programmer:) I hope that I'm long dead before the time comes when society is wondering why it was once acceptable to tolerate free association between employees and to not let people starve who aren't working. I at least hope I have enough kids to support me once society has horribly failed in that way. This isn't really an answer to your question, but I'd pick one of those large codebases and read through it until you understand everything that's going on in it. Not only will your coding skills increase to the point that you're more confident and not completely intimidated by the other contributors, but multiple places to contribute will become clear. We need drunk carry laws just like we need drunk driving laws. I'm as pro concealed carry as you can get, but I don't even like it when a drunk has a butterknife. >Violence does not solve social problems. This is a straw man. Violence can help with social problems sometimes, which is why we have policemen. >Forcing people to feed unemployed people is violent. Agreed. >A future without forced "charity" does not mean people are left to starve. Completely false. In a future _with_ forced charity, there will exist people left to starve because of difficulties in execution, distribution, public will, or a general lack of resources. Leaving this entirely to the discretion of individuals will destroy equality of protection, creating a patchwork (which will likely largely exclude historically discriminated against groups), and will tend to work against economies of scale. Makes sense. For me it was important to pick something that I regularly used. Picking a smaller project will make it easier to mentally decompose, but you'll also get a leg up on a larger one if you're really familiar with the endpoints. Of course, you can do both:) >if they don't take it out of the holster, there isn't even an issue here. Somewhat true. But if you're not prepared to take it out of the holster, why even bring it? And the reason I say "somewhat true" is because somebody can take that gun out of a drunk's holster. I don't think that it's unreasonable to require that people be somewhat sober when holding a gun in public simply because it may diminish their capacity to _defend_ that gun. P2P search and p2p social networking. If you've already got p2p media sharing and streaming and bidirectional chatting and talking, you've pretty much remade the internet. You've pretty much remade all conventional media too. I'm surprised that no one has mentioned Rubberhose Deniable Encryption by Julian Assange of Wikileaks fame. That's the entire concept. Page: http://iq.org/~proff/rubberhose.org/ Description: http://iq.org/~proff/rubberhose.org/current/src/doc/maruguid... Very stale. He moved on to other things:) But the code is available. I would absolutely pay for this. I'm a hypochondriac and think that I'm just about to die for a different reason every day, and have a fear that some people that I keep in contact with on the internet simply won't know until years after the fact. The company would have to be extremely trustworthy to get my passwords though, and that'll be a tough hurdle. The key to distinguishing yourself would be a great UI with sensible (well researched) defaults and offers of form letters. But $10-$20 bucks a year? Done. I'm not putting facebook crap in my will. He's right, and it shouldn't. That's what governments and collective decision-making are for. Private individuals shouldn't be depended on to do anything but further their own interests, even in the charity sphere. They spend money for PR purposes, to strengthen personal connections, or simply because they enjoy the environment it puts them in. The major cause of misery in the world is the lust for power and influence over other people, and money epitomises that. What people need is security in employment and compensation, and protection against unavoidable risk, like fire and sickness. Without exploiting the weakness and insecurity of workers, you can't really amass the kind of cash this guy has, so I'm not sure about the quality of the jobs he's creating if he can skim that much value off of the top. The profit margin on fairness is a lot lower than the profit margin on slave wages, monopoly, and legislative arbitrage. That's not to say that he couldn't, though. If he created a lot of good jobs for people with fair wages, and charged fair prices, that's a massive good and can't be denied. He won't, though, because when things are done fairly, there's not a lot of profit to be made. Sorry, rant over:) I'm so glad you didn't mention purple. Everybody always says purple. I think it has to do with the people eater. There's no real definition of middle class, and when one is usually offered, such as $70,000, it's a higher income than 95% of the people in the world. So if the question is whether you would choose to be wealthier than 99.9% of people in the world in 1900, or wealthier than 95% of the people in the world in 2010, I'd say it was a sickeningly decadent question. But, I'd also say that the lifespan gains between 1900 and now are overstated due to a drastic reduction in infant and child mortality, plays and live music are nicer than video and audio recordings, and instant long-distance communication hasn't significantly improved the quality of my life, just alienated me from my neighbors. The math and intellectual culture was just as interesting then as it is now, if not more, and PR was just a twinkle in Mr. Bernays' eye, so I'd be able to avoid the advertising saturation of modern culture. With the addition of being able to replace any device with an actual person or team of people, there's no doubt to me that life would be better as a rich person in 1900. Just avoid nails. Politicians shouldn't be depended on to do anything but further their own interests. That's why we introduced democracy, in order to get their interests as closely aligned to the public interest as possible. Nobles are a different story altogether. >Utterly unfounded. Counterexamples that come immediately to mind are Steve Jobs and Larry Page and Sergey Brin. I'm not sure how your personal idols refute my ideas of fairness. I disagree that the two are mutually exclusive, yes. My hypothesis: This is just another indication that stock market speculation prices spend most of the time almost completely decoupled from the value of the underlying assets. Eventually there is some triggering event, lets just call it a Lehmanbrovent, when some massively leveraged party can't pay off a creditor, and the effect cascades through the market bringing it back to a real valuation. We call this state a "catastrophe." The decoupled state we refer to as a "healthy market." A good way to test it would be to see whether the accuracy of the twitter indicator varies based on types of market activities, such as: does it completely fail on crashes, but always predict run-ups? I can see exactly why they would think it was okay. What they were trying to do was to figure out whether twitter moods could predict the unpredictable random movements of the market, rather than the outside edges of the bell curve when anyone could have predicted what would happen, and where the market moves might even be seen as a cause of the twitter moods rather than a result, or a co-result of some other process. Basically, it's the hardest place to test the correlation. Since they got great results, it'll be interesting to see them extend the analysis and see if any interesting dynamics show up. If the markets were actually science rather than the decision making of a few huge players - if the HFT algo writers take this research seriously, I bet it'd work for at least a day or two. I think the important question is what if you _do_ want to share that info, and other people are interested in hearing it, why aren't we talking about it? BTW, I'm always willing to share, and the result is usually that people are eager to share with me (to varying degrees of precision, of course.) I don't have any issue with it because I never confuse my salary with my worth as a person. It's my worth to the company commingled with my ability to negotiate. When workers share salary information with each other, it smooths the last part out. I'm not going to stop doing it until competing companies are required not to disclose the prices of their products to each other - and I see difficulties in the implementation of that:) It really does. It's as if I was paying UPS to pick up my packages, but it only delivered 2/3 of them. I wouldn't be wracking my brain very long to come up with the same solution. My guess is that the problem was that there were no incentives for politicians to think of this as a problem, and seeing as it survived a "scandal," probably some incentives not to care. I'd like to know who was getting the contracts, and who their connections were. I also wonder if there was some faction screaming about not imposing crushing regulation on the noble businessmen who were providing a crucial and critical function to protect our civilization, and if they overlapped with the connections:) EDIT: Also, this is a simple matter of paying for what you want. If you want people to get rid of the prisoners, pay them to haul them away. If you want prisoners delivered somewhere, pay them for what they deliver . The estate is very litigious. Maybe try "Hendrux." http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Apple_Corps_v_Apple_Computer I think you're underestimating the attraction of drug dealing as an occupation. Its profit vs. risk ratio is a lot higher than kidnapping. The scientists made the film, too, so there's probably a less interesting explanation. An even better headline would be "A third of Milgram’s subjects told him to take a hike, hallelujah." It would have the benefit of being true. That's not more accurate. Tuition fees are fees introduced to supplement taxpayer support. If they are never introduced, it is bizarre to say that taxpayers are paying them. I have no opinion about whether tuition fees in Scotland are warranted or not, I'm just saying that it's incoherent to say that tuition fees are being paid by the taxpayer after an announcement that tuition fees will not be introduced in Scotland. Hypothetically, assume that there were already tuition fees in Scotland (without equivocating between fees paid from "relevant Government department(s)" and tuition fees) and that the government had just announced that they would not be increasing the tuition fee. Would it be more accurate to say "Scotland says tuition fee increase to be met by taxpayers, not individual students."? Saying that recent increases in the costs of higher education will not be shifted from the taxpayer to the individual student in Scotland would be fair. Saying the taxpayers are supplementing themselves is nonsensical. I'm confused about what you mean here. Are you saying that no individual can net a positive return from any endeavor? Also, there's no reason to assume that a tuition fee would lower the obligations of the taxpayer in any way. Money is fungible. Neither side of the debate is questioning that university education will be paid for by the taxpayer. Isn't that the basic design philosophy of the iPhone? They seem to have done well. Would it seem right that the mold for casting a tin soldier would have the same detail as the tin soldier cast? Fred Hampton was referred to by government officials at the time far more often as a criminal or as a terrorist than as a civil rights worker. Qt. That way you get Symbian, Maemo, Meego, and Linux tablets, like the Shogo (embedded applications, like the QooQ on that have been pretty successful.) Qt for Android, Windows, and iPhone seem to be coming along, albeit slowly. I've been thinking about it for years. The only problem is that most programmers seem to be status quo capitalists bordering on libertarian. It might be easier to teach hippies to program than programmers not to be aspirational yuppie SWPLs. A couple of cults have gotten by on programming and/or web design, Aum Shinrikyo and Heaven's Gate come to mind. In communes, you don't really do your own thing. I think you're talking about an apartment building where a lot of hackers live that has a hacking room instead of a gym. Or possibly efficiency apartments. Maybe you meant "common kitchen" rather than commune? Like a dorm? A hostel is just like a hotel, except you usually don't get a room (unless you're willing to pony up an extra $20.) You're just looking for a cheap place to stay, but you don't want it to be scary. Hostels generally are not scary at all, and are filled with mostly pleasant foreigners. They used to have rules that require that you have ID proving that you don't live in the town that you're hostelling in, though; don't know if that's changed at all. The wrong jobs still have to be done by someone though. When you're talking about an entire system, you can't shift everybody out of a class of work as a solution or your dishes won't get washed. It'd be nice if you could fit an argument or non-vacuous statement between your insults, defiance, and vague innuendo. Things to try: 1) This idea is dumb because... 2) This idea is dangerous because... 3) Welfare leads to... You're confining gambling only to casino games or games with vigs ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Vigorish ). Under your definition, when I play cards with my friends for money, I'm not gambling because my expected return is zero. Actually, judging by my known skills in any particular game vs. my partner's skills, what I'd be doing would be varying nightly. What you're saying seems to be a useful distinction, though, but I'd say it's the difference between "risk entertainment" or something else and investment, rather than gambling and investment, because it's all gambling. I've always thought that a diagnosis of ADD was mostly a diagnosis that a person wouldn't concentrate on what the person dispensing the drugs wanted them to concentrate on. Looking at the criteria for diagnosis, I could have been easily categorised as ADD when I was a child, yet I've never had a problem concentrating. I just wasn't interested in school or schoolwork. In college, when I suddenly had more control over my personal curriculum, I did great. More specifically, Michael Chertoff isn't a puppy breeder. Seriously. The man has no fear of police, just connected people. That by itself just makes the country that it happens in look bad, even if there was no such thing as an internet. This could have been a story about him gaming the Yellow Pages by getting 18 phone numbers and 18 business names in 18 sections, each name prefixed with 18 'a's. All the internet assures is that his customers will get the product home before checking it for quality, and that the customers are less likely to be local - but that doesn't seem to intimidate him in the least. Not that the story doesn't highlight a serious flaw in google's search, but that's the least of the story for me. If the government was making calls to message boards, asking them to remove my comments, I might be suspicious that my free speech rights are being infringed upon. I might suspect this even before I hear that the government is lobbying for those specific bulletin boards being excluded from pending Russian regulation. I agree, but to go off topic a bit: judging by some of the responses to your comment, people seem to think that one of the criteria that an act has to meet in order to be legitimate civil disobedience is that it is followed by a passive acceptance of government punishment. Of course this is tautologically true depending on one's personal definition of civil disobedience, no true Scotsman and such, but would exclude a lot of history, such as the Underground Railroad. The article did have a nice quote directed at that point of view, though: "There may be many times when protestors choose to go to jail, as a way of continuing their protest, as a way of reminding their countrymen of injustice. But that is different than the notion that they must go to jail as part of a rule connected with civil disobedience. The key point is that the spirit of protest should be maintained all the way, whether it is done by remaining in jail, or by evading it. To accept jail penitently as an accession to 'the rules' is to switch suddenly to a spirit of subservience, to demean the seriousness of the protest...In particular, the neo-conservative insistence on a guilty plea should be eliminated." --Paul Flowers I can't seem to pick out the argument that you're making here, other than that it begins with an assertion that no one who "really" understands economics can dispute it. I'm going to guess out loud at it, and hopefully somebody will jump in and help me. 1) In the case of goods or services with minimal marginal costs and large fixed costs in proportion to total costs, you are expected to pay for them. 2) If you don't pay for them you are breaking the law. Therefore, the argument that if marginal cost is zero on some digital good, then [something number 1] isn't stealing is completely irrelevant to [something number 2]. I'm sure that "something number 1" (referred to as "it") is related to free riding, due to a shared metaphor, and I'm going to assume that it is "a use of that good or service without paying," again due to the metaphor, where a single person took a single train ride without paying. Does "something number 2" = "whether a use of that good or service is illegal or not"? Because that seems to me to be setting up as a straw man a question that no one is asking, then begging the question with an answer that is identical to your second premise. From my few experiences at open source software programmery events over the past few years, I'd disagree. Always seems that a little fewer than half of attendees have macs in front of them. I explain part of it to myself by noticing that the numbers skew even higher than half when it's something 'webby,' and attributing that to the closeness to graphic design-media-marketing types. With other systems programmer types, I still see plenty of macs, but I blame that on the fact that those programmers are spending all of their important time on the server and some don't feel like futzing around on their laptop with a more fiddly OS like Linux or Windows. The only thing that all programmers seem to like to fiddle with endlessly is IDEs and text editors, and there seem to plenty of mac options for that. Just prove it, and stop criticising the reaction that you've decided that everyone would have if you did. Wikileaks' reputation is impeccable: it does what it says on the package, and has been the source for nearly uncountable major newspaper articles over the past few years because of the complete accuracy of its information. The NYT had Judith Miller. Everybody's gay for Bridget. And Linetrap. My guess on why you're being downvoted is because this very long comment starts with the sentence: "It seems to me that Greenwald is assuming his own conclusion here, that the chat logs provide evidence of Manning's innocence." I don't remember Greenwald ever claiming or even giving off a vibe that he didn't think that Manning was the leaker; this is a media critique, like most of his work. Doesn't bode well for the next 1400 words. Yes. I saw a great film that came out this year called Kapitalism: Our Improved Formula that paints an really dire picture of the current state of Romanian corruption, and if any country has had a public uprising against the state of their government, Romania qualifies. Thanks for this, I had no idea. Do you have any more information about this, or links? The movie had an interview with a Jerry Springer style talk show host guy, and his take on it was that most of the people who took to the streets during the revolution left the country when they realised that in the new capitalism would be owned by the old ex-Securitate(sp?) types. The people who were left were the fearful keep-your-head-down types that watched everything on tv, the people from the countryside who wouldn't even have good enough roads to make it to a protest, and the people who weren't that dissatisfied with the way it was. So basically, he said that the culture of protest got a train ticket and left. The child doing the hating has lost already, they didn't lose because they hated after the fact. They're children growing up in one of the most neglected public school systems in the country in one of the most segregated cities in the country. When I was growing up there, I feared and hated white people too, because my only experiences of them were negative ones. Sitting in that horribly overcrowded, neglected school with my decade old books faced with a teacher who would have much rather taught at the private school his/her kids went to, and who thought that my motivations were as simple as jealousy over his jeans wasn't an easy situation for a kid, and probably still isn't. And why exactly would you ascribe a trait or "trend" that you notice in Guelo to the "less well off"? Do you have to be poor to be against bribery - or, rather - tipping for special treatment? Is the only possible motivation to be against the corrupt administration of services jealousy? These are not rhetorical questions. That's not trading money for favors, that's employing someone. If you give 100 bucks to the teacher to ignore the fact that you don't do your homework, that's trading money for favors. Did you read that article and decide that people are getting off due to questionable statistics? As far as I can tell, the article is about calculating the probability of random people matching a particular DNA sample, not about excluding people, which is a lot easier. "This week we show how, even when analysts agree that someone could be a match for a piece of DNA evidence, the statistical weight assigned to that match can vary enormously." This seems to be the author's opinion about what the article is about. It does, and when it speaks, it speaks of different statistical methods for calculating the probability of a random match to partial DNA samples. edit: BTW, it's a very interesting article - thanks for pointing it out. That's a false dichotomy. If you're dealing with somebody new, you shouldn't assume they're out to get you. If you're dealing with everybody, you should assume somebody's trying to get you. It's a false dichotomy to say that if they've seen airplanes in the sky, we might as well airdrop xboxes. I may be misreading you. But the "coordinators" drift in and out, too. [04:15] Penny: What i am saying is that someone residing on your network attacked one of my boxes [...] [04:16] OK how do I know who is on my comcast network? [04:16] lol [04:16] omg that is precious I think colanderman is talking about the CEO of HBGary Federal, Aaron, and not Penny, the CEO of HBGary Inc. I feel that these results only transform into "politically incorrect truth" when observed through a racist lens. African-Americans also seem to have an aptitude for terrible cancer outcomes, living in food deserts, low school district funding, and higher mortgage interest rates. The Latin American countries that Hispanic-Americans were compared to, and the Sub-Saharan African countries that African-Americans were imagined to have been compared to each seem to have national aptitudes for harsh Western colonialism followed up by dictators installed and supported by Western powers, with all of their wealth filtered through tiny elites and directed back to the West. I don't have anything against the idea of different concentrations of intelligence distributing amongst different groups of people just like heights or colorations do. The experiment just hasn't been done, and may not be possible. The idea that you could compare the test results of African-Americans and European-Americans and come up with a complete enough set of controls to discover some sort of distribution of intrinsic aptitude is absurd; you have to settle for parental income and educational attainment and ignore the fact that the two groups are facing a radically different environment filled with pervasive beliefs about their potential which are often based on race , and are easily visually distinguishable. For example, you also find correlations between attractiveness or height and intelligence - and similarly, IMO, misguided theorists postulating some sort of Eloi superiority while ignoring any possible effect of the discrimination that unattractive or short people face, even with multiple studies verifying the Pygmalion Effect (the effect that instructor expectations have on student performance) such as: Pygmalion in the Classroom (Rosenthal and Jacobson, 1968) http://www.springerlink.com/content/9u01hn7865v7387r/ or Pygmalion goes to boot camp: Expectancy, leadership, and trainee performance (Eden and Shani, 1982) http://www.sciencedirect.com/science/article/B6WY3-4NNF8B3-D... Said simply, the cultural environment is simply too messy to jump to conclusions about intrinsic ability distributions about disadvantaged groups, and the temptation has always been irresistible for some to use unsurprising statistics to confirm previously held biases. He didn't demonize Malcolm X, he simply ignored your random introduction of him into the discussion, and he didn't demonize Steve Sailer, just accused him of having an agenda and as evidence made an observation that Sailer had different explanations for the lower performance of Europeans in Austria as opposed to ethnic minorities in the US. You, however, accused him of being intentionally obtuse then compared him to a young earth creationist. http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Qt_%28framework%29#Bindings The president of the Author's Guild, Scott Turow, is part of the film industry. It's also 'disrespectful' (I'm anthropomorphising wildly) to a lot of animals. Try staring a dominant dog in the eye and see what it gets you. The basis of reality. Scott Turow is a famous author who has had multiple books made into successful movies. More people that I know of use Python and PyQt to program for the N900 than C++. You said: >The bolt-cutter quote comes from the president of the Author's Guild, not part of the film industry. I said: >The president of the Author's Guild, Scott Turow, is part of the film industry. You said: >On what basis do you make that claim? I said: >Scott Turow is a famous author who has had multiple books made into successful movies. Now you have attributed to me an argument that: >If a person's novel is adapted into a film that [...] mean[s] that every subsequent thing they say can be sensibly attributed to "the film industry". I would submit that although I am a programmer, every subsequent thing that I say shouldn't be attributed to "the programming industry," but that it would be reasonable to attribute every subsequent thing that I say to "a member (or an ex-member) of the programming industry." As the only reason that I commented was because of your statement that the president of the Author's Guild was not a part of the film industry, unless you dispute that a person who has a novel adapted into a film is part of the film industry, I'm not exactly sure what we're still talking about. Being a part of the film industry doesn't make his opinion any less legitimate, as it should be judged on its own merits, just as denying that he is part of the film industry doesn't make his opinion any more legitimate. Glenn Greenwald is a "him":) What evidence do you have that demand has recovered? >The US pays more money because it has more health care being provided Reference for this, too, please. It's a bit insane that both the US and individual citizens apart from each other pay more per capita for health care costs now than the government of a country with socialized health care. I had a bad asthma attack while uninsured and got hit with a bill that took me 7 years to pay off. The way I read those statistics makes me think that we have the same GDP as we would have expected to have reached by the beginning of 2009, except with 2 years worth of population increase, productivity gains, and inflation unaccounted for. The Industrial Production Index chart seems to place us somewhere around the year 2000. Didn't negotiate a thing. I was pretty naive about that sort of thing at the time (really was still until the last few years, and I'm 35 now) and didn't know that bargaining was an option. I was just unemployed, broke and 22 and had a giant bill that I didn't know what to do with. I thought a bill was a bill and a debt was a debt, and had never even had a credit card in my life. Soon after that, I got a $9 an hour job at a factory and started making payments... I'm sick of people trying to promote the boardgame scene by bashing one of the games that I've watched people enjoy the shit out of, and is the perennial whipping boy around some nerdy quarters. The main barriers keeping modern games like Carcassone and Settlers from general appeal are the medieval trappings like knights, kings, castles, and dragons, and when those are missing, spaceships. At least, that's major barrier I have to overcome when I pull out one of the things. I have better luck getting people to play Acquire, even though bookkeeping is a barrier. >Approach your average American and say you enjoy board games. I guarantee you, nine times out of ten, you’ll get a response something like: “You mean like Monopoly?” (And the other ten percent will challenge you to a game of Ticket to Ride or Carcassonne.) He's got this wrong by at least two orders of magnitude. I can find 1000 people who LOVE Monopoly before one that has even heard of Carcassone. It's a Mensa/BoardGameGeek delusion that people are as disgusted with games of chance as they are. People LOVE dice. Remember, people LOVE casinos. People may not love being dominated during an entire game, but people sure love dominating for an entire game, and if you play enough games, you get your turn. And contrary to popular Mensa/BGG belief, more people have completed a dozen games of Monopoly than have ever seen the front of a Settlers box. In my family, the chance element of Monopoly mitigates the fact that it is unbalanced - because it's a different 1 or 2 people every time. I'm not sure how Trivial Pursuit, Scrabble and Dominoes fall into that category for your family... are you usually playing with an imbalanced family ? Half young children and half adult or something? I'm starting to think that maybe why my family enjoys it so much is because we're all constantly dealing, or putting out feelers about deals from the second the first property is purchased, and that when the game is obviously won, people just concede and the game starts up again. Also, a lot of our deals involve more than two people - like person A threatening to sell property X, that person B wants, to person C for a dollar, unless person B sells property Y to A. Or selling somebody a property that completes a monopoly for an amount of money determined purely based on that person not being able to afford to put houses in it quickly. Mortgaging properties before selling them for the same effect. Or two players trading each other into monopolies so they can either eliminate another weak player, or have a chance to compete with a player who got the first monopoly. Spending thousands on a $200 property. Making and breaking gentleman's agreements. Really a great time. When the trading stops with us, it usually means the game is about 20 minutes from being over while the last two battle it out with dice rolling. If that period was 4 hours long, I'd hate the game too. Your 'response foreclosure' is confusing to me - I'm not sure on what grounds you decided that the FBI putting mandatory GPS on all cars was unconstitutional, but putting a GPS on any individual car might not be. Maybe that was confusing, I'll say it a different way: your grounds for deciding that planting a GPS on an individual car was constitutional was that the effect could be duplicated by physically following that car. Is there some sort of physical limit that I'm missing to that argument? The FBI could physically follow around all non-FBI cars, and they would even run into economies of scale by just monitoring intersections and making paper records of every car that passed. How exactly did you decide that tracking every car with GPS was not constitutional? I wish I could say that I don't think this is compatible with the GPL, simply because I don't like it, but I can't. This seems like a good move for their bottom line. It'll suck for CentOS users though. I said "users" for a reason. It's just about choosing the patches that you want to apply, or if something you're running breaks, backing out of the particular patch that screwed it up. It really increases the value of a Red Hat license in my eyes. IANAL, but I'm pretty sure it's not admissible when the government obtains it without warrant and illegally. When evidence is revealed by someone else acting illegally, it's fair game for the government to use it. Angelo Mozillo is free, though, so I'm not getting my hopes up. He didn't make that claim. He claimed that the asset forfeiture laws are almost always used against "ordinary people," whom he distinguishes from "drug dealers/terrorists/etc." That's disagreement, not dishonesty. Dishonesty is easy to show - and a link avalanche is rhetorically a good way to make it seem like you've shown it, at least to people who don't follow the links. People like me, who are curious and do, will end up resentful of the waste of time. I have no opinion on whether Krugman is dishonest or not, but if know you can't make a case, please don't respond with a link avalanche. If you can: quote a statement, reference it, quote the evidence that it is factually incorrect, reference it. Argument made. Sorry for being snarky, but this technique irritates me when I fall for it. Thank god. I've never understood why mp3 players were growing to the size of personal cassette players, becoming fragile, or needed full color constantly active screens. The MuVo TX FM ( http://www.amazon.com/Creative-MuVo-1GB-MP3-Player/dp/B00077... ) was the best mp3 player I ever had. Make me a 16 gig one and I'll be your customer until the next technology shift. I followed your links and read this stuff in the first post. On the Ryan thing, he never claimed to have any inside knowledge, he just read Ryan's statement. "JCT, however, does not have the capability at this time to provide longer-term revenue estimates (i.e. beyond 10 years). Given these functional constraints for an official analysis, staff relied on its original work with the Treasury Department and other tax experts to formulate a reasonable expected path for long-term revenues given the tax policies in the Roadmap combined with the economic growth projections available at the time." How I read this (and how Krugman read it): Our staff relied on its original work because of the functional constraint of JCT not having the capability at this time to provide longer-term revenue estimates (i.e. beyond 10 years). A pretty reasonable read, if you ask me. Or McArdle, as you have pointed out: "To be honest, I too found that passage ambiguous." I'm not sure if that screams deceptive liar who assassinates people's characters in order to protect himself from the "smart and honest," and if it's the most "torrid" claim, you're pretty easily aroused. I have to agree with raganwald and say that I have no idea what you mean by the "convenience-privacy continuum" here. Do you mean that more convenient technologies are by nature less private? Or do you mean that you can convince people to give up their privacy in exchange for convenience? The second is clearly true (currently at least), but I don't see any evidence of the first. Depends on which way you're counting. Chomsky is the first name mentioned in that article. In regards to #2, I'm not sure how moving the location of secret meetings with lobbyists is "working in the right direction." As to #3, how can you claim that "the guy's links actually say the opposite of what he's claiming" and agree with him about his third link? Absolutely agree with you about #1. FOIAs have definitely gotten better.