What do you think a formal language is if not mathematical? Researchers invent little languages to distill the problem to its simplest components so its solvable, and then they generalize to other domains, if possible. That's how math is done. Completely disagreed. There is a lot of language creation , but little language innovation . Ruby, Python, Perl, Lua, JavaScript are essentially all the same language. Java and C# are the same, and very similar to the scripting languages just adding static typing. C++ is similar to the previous 2, just removing memory safety. What was so innovative about any of these languages? They are the same old imperative OO paradigm that first appeared in Simula and Ada back in the 80s. Examples of languages that are innovative are Mozart/Oz, Haskell, Alice ML, Coq, Agda and Mercury. These completely redefine what it means to program, and all of them were created in the last 15-20 years. And if you think there haven't been great strides in each of these domains, then you're simply not familiar with them. > How's that stateless, then? The protocol is stateless, not necessarily the application and/or session. The state is serialized to/from the client as needed. > If it's really stateless, that replay can't _do_ anything. A stateless pipeline may front a stateful backend. An application commit point may be reached which should invalidate all possible previously valid requests. It's definitely a necessity. > You really have to wake up, guys. Wake Up. It's not you, who are spending your lives looking over your shoulders. It really isn't. So. Whilst I do not agree it was the best of actions, I wholly defend the right of anyone to take it. And will therefore stand by them if they do. I just want to highlight that you're supporting an exaggerated public shaming for people who were just exchanging words in a semi-private conversation. Not even particularly offensive words at that. Words that are and were clearly misconstrued. And you defend this behaviour because many women suffer sexual abuse? Tell me, should preachers be forbidden from speaking in public because some people were caned by priests as children too? Should visible minorities be cautious around everyone because some people have been mugged by black men? Joking around is immature, particularly sexist and racist humour, but it's not irresponsible. Suggesting that public witch-hunts are the way to solve these problems is just plain irresponsible. > If you're implying that "easier to reason about" for a compiler is equivalent to "easier to reason about" for humans, I think that's a fallacy. It's easier to reason about for the developers who are writing the compiler transforms, ie. humans. Well, as but one example, computer crimes are more harshly punished than in the past, and sometimes get harsher sentences than causing bodily harm. EFF's link to its previous story is broken. > (what serious attempts have been made to shut down Wikileaks)? Shutting down payments was a serious attempt [1] [1] http://rt.com/news/wikileaks-lieberman-king-mastercard-visa-... > Governments have a legitimate need for secrecy in some situations. If FBI investigations of white collar crimes were posted on a public website, for example, there would be a dramatic rise in both flights and wire transfers to Belize. I think this argument is based on a strawman. The 'secrecy' most people assume and that the government wants is 'keeping secrets indefinitely at their sole discretion'. The 'secrecy' needed by your or any other scenario is merely a time-limited secret, ie. that all information must be released publicly once investigations are completed. The former is intrinsically harmful, the latter shouldn't harm anyone. DDoS hardly cause damage, just loss of revenue, yet they carry very stiff penalties. > I could be in the minority, but to me, our society has become very desensitized by sharing with Facebook leading the charge. There's a difference between people voluntarily sharing information with a third-party, and having that information forcibly gathered without your knowledge. There has to be a line. > String is very much in the "leave data alone" mindset, baring its guts as a [Char]. Now you're stuck: you can't change its representation, you can't easily introduce Unicode, etc. You're conflating the fact that Haskell had poor modularity when it was first conceived and String first defined, with the claim that only OO can provide the necessary modularity. Clearly ML modules provide and always provided the necessary modularity to abstract over string representations, but there's no OO in most MLs. And now with support for ML modules as first class values, we don't need objects for modularity at any level of programming. > The big advantage of OO is that it acts as a distillation of how humans think. We're accustomed to thinking in terms of 'things that do stuff'. Let's not confuse "how humans think" with "how humans ought to think to self problems effectively". There is little evidence that OO is any better than other principled approaches to programming. > Yeah i just see Go as an alternative for web technologies I don't see any web technology Go could replace. Not even dynamically typed langauges. > The era of unrootable devices, unbreakable DRM, and inescapable walled gardens? No such thing. There is no protection once someone has physical access to the hardware. > Haskell is a garbage collected, lazy, pure language which makes it unsuitable for many of the domains C-style languages are used in. Don't be so sure! [1] You could simply use Haskell as a metalanguage to generate a C program that does what you need, just like they did with copilot. No Haskell runtime needed. [1] https://github.com/leepike/copilot-discussion I think you mean GHC's type system, since Rust is arguably quite close to Haskell 98 in spirit, ie. algebraic types, lambdas, pattern matching, traits = single parameter type classes. These days you're better off with Minix 3. It's documented much better, with a book to boot, it's a much better microkernel than Mach, and it has a lot of activity around it. > The end goal of having a .Net project be compile-able on Windows, Linux and Mac is going to be awesome. Except msbuild can't easily support builds across different version of .NET on the same platform. I hate digging into its needlessly archaic build files. > The single people strongly resented that because they felt they were being forced to work harder for the same pay since they made different life choices. That's funny, because your life choices always determine how hard you have to work for the same pay in every other context, so why not this one? For instance, try making the same income after committing some crimes. "Computer" is a very general term. Most computers people use on an everyday basis aren't running Windows. For instance, all of your tablets and phones are Android or iOS. Windows phones are virtually non-existent, and Windows tablets are more common, particularly for businesses, but not as common as the corresponding consumer tablets. So PG was right in a strict sense, but not if you narrowly take "computer" to mean "desktop" or "laptop". > I often wonder if the whole idea of "typing" is the wrong decision in language design, if we shouldn't come up with something better. Not sure what you mean by "better". A "type" is a proposition about the program. You can't get more general than that. Any static checking system will have an interpretation in terms of types, so it's hard to see what could possibly be better than a type system. There are just different type systems with different properties. > at least some of which--specifically information concerning intelligence operations the NSA conducted against Huawei-- we know for a fact he shared with them. Where is the evidence of this alleged fact? > He claims (with no way to verify) that he did not give them any classified information. Innocent until proven guilty. > If he had stayed in the United States, he would have had a trial. Very debatable. > Also, including time without instructions is almost pointless in the real world as Ikea ships instructions. Not pointless, they were testing consistency with past results on differences in gender-based spatial reasoning. > Filesystems have evolved. ZFS has been available for ten years. Perhaps you should examine the section discussing the various problems with file systems. ZFS is hardly immune from these problems. > UNIX didn't need to be full of obscure commands that are impossible to guess. Why should commands should be easy to guess? That seems like a bizarre property to expect of a command language. UNIX provides exploration and discovery via man and apropos commands. > The point of Haskell is more obscure. That's a ridiculous assertion. The point of Haskell is to be rigourous. If that makes it obscure, it's only because the problems it's solving are also obscure and poorly understood. > So, just start with a BASIC then modify by how people solve the problem. The problem with this approach is that it only scales to small problems, and provides no guidance beyond trial and error for scaling to more complicated problems. Solving complicated problems requires different kinds of abstractions, and optimizing how people use existing constructs is simply finding local maxima, not finding a global maxima. > Im not sure how much more they're going to come up with that's substantially different. Most of what's out there condenses into a small number of categories. I don't know, there's quite a bit that's new or not yet full developed. We have languages for probablistic programming now, and programming with compositional effects. I think logic programming probably has an important place too, but it hasn't yet been found. > Forgot to ask, naasking from Lambda the Ultimate? If so, then welcome to HN! :) Indeed I am. I only peruse HN from time to time. I spend enough time on LtU and reddit as it is! > FOSS [...] was really just a parasitic element on software development. That's a weird claim. It's not like FOSS is taking tax money or forcing people to pay for something they don't use. How else could it possibly be parasitic? > I think statically typed languages go too far in the other direction. Tyr type and API definitions are too strict leading in a ton of unnecessary effort (ie boilerplate), increased surface area for potential bugs, and overly restrictive limits that require 'creative' workarounds to effectively write code. Given this description of statically typed languages, I'm guessing you haven't tried OCaml or Haskell. > The "algorithm dance" only demonstrates that you can memorize an algorithm and how to use it to an academic degree. That's it. I've never seen it differentiate between developers to any useful degree and found that it only helps those who are more "fresh" with the specific algorithm knowledge you happen to ask about. Indeed. When I've interviewed junior candidates, I gave them a function with some inputs and asked them to produce the outputs. At least this requires them to exhibits some degree of analytical reasoning on something you've never before seen. You'd be surprised how many candidates can't even do that. The code looks nice and straightforward, and kudos on actually producing a typed language. IMO, there's too little of that these days. Too bad you didn't get around to implementing context threading, because I would have liked to see a clean and portable implementation, particularly if you had also planned to support TCO. Is the design you had planned documented anywhere? Interesting language, and looks fairly concise to write. I imagine shoehorning all numbers into doubles makes for slower integer code. Also a shame you included pervasive null. Wren looks straightforward enough that you could have a static type system without losing any expressiveness. Have you considered that? > Maybe, though in a bytecode-compiled, dynamically typed language, my hunch is that using doubles for everything is actually faster. If I had separate integer and float types, all of the arithmetic operators would have do runtime type tests to handle the different combinations and conversions. Perhaps. I suppose this dovetails with my preference for static types with optional dynamic behaviour, and not the contrary default which seems to be your position. > I'm interested in trying to layer an optional type system on top of it, and I tried to design most of the language and core library such that it's amenable to that. Cool. I think Wren is simple enough that basic type inference should be straightforward and complete, and anything more difficult just infers a top/'dynamic' type. A trivially correct type inference algorithm then just infers type 'dynamic' everywhere, which recovers Wren's current semantics. Then you incrementally add more specific rules where you can, ie. simple data flow from constants will generate more efficient string, floating point and integer code. That would be enough for a decent speedup on most programs. If you want to type check arbitrary objects (or at least avoid method-not-understood), you can use something like "Type Inference for First-Class Messages with Match-Functions" [1] or the even more general first-class labels [2]. I believe first-class labels are more general than Wren's semantics. [1] http://lambda-the-ultimate.org/node/4808 [2] http://lambda-the-ultimate.org/node/174 klib [1] is another good one I recently came across. In fact, I'll just leave this great curated list of free software libraries right here: https://notabug.org/koz.ross/awesome-c [1] https://github.com/attractivechaos/klib > or sudden situation that it cannot contend with. The idea that humans are any better at handling situations they've not previously encountered is dubious. > Does anyone have some better ideas? gcc's C extensions have some good ideas [1], particularly: 1. typeof(e) operator: great for use in macros 2. labels as values: used in just about every language interpeter 3. statement expressions: great for use in macros 4. fixed point types: who wants to hack their own fixed precision arithmetic? 5. vector extensions 6. arithmetic functions with overflow checking I think all of the above would make good additions to the C standard. [1] https://gcc.gnu.org/onlinedocs/gcc/C-Extensions.html > one is expected to live up to and follow the rules and laws dictated for that position. One is also expected to do a certain job, and if the security regulations are impeding your job, then which do you really think will take precedent? Yeah, after reading that I was really wondering about the use case for those extensions at the time they were added. I honestly can't think of any now. L4Linux proved that this can be done quite effectively, and at the time, it performed better than hypervisors like Xen that were growing in popularity. What GNU Hurd is trying to do is decompose the monolithic UNIX kernel host into smaller services, and that's where the complexity comes in. > From the demo program it looks like a function with two int arguments returning an int, but why the -> signs? This is standard syntax in functional languages. A->B is a function from A to B. A->B->C is a function from A that returns a function B->C. This is the standard curried function application, like used in OCaml, and it enables you to easily partially apply and compose functions. addCandidate's type is indeed Int->Int->Int, it's simply not declared that way. In OCaml, the following two syntaxes are equivalent: let addCandidate = fun A:Int B:Int -> ...body... let addCandidate A:Int B:Int = ...body... I imagine this language is similar. > Another thing you might miss is if somebody does a similar or the same experiment and comes to a negative result, reading that might save you a few days or months of unnecessary work. Given how low the reproduction rate in science is, I'm not sure that time would be wasted. > and if his way of life is incentivized while the producers' is disincentivized by this redistribution The idea that producers are only incentivized monetarily is false. Abstracting the storage/object model of a program as in Cap'N Proto is the new advance, though Cap'N Proto's security model isn't fully innovative -- it's based on object capabilities which have been around since the 70s and this particular model since the 90s in the E programming language. The isolation properties of capabilities have been well understood for quite some time. Sandstorm just took this well understood security model and the innovative storage abstraction and applied it to any language with Cap'N Proto bindings. Pretty cool. The reason most people aren't doing it is beacuse most people don't really understand capability security, despite its simplicity. They've been raised and trained in the access control list model and it's deeply ingrained at this point. Pay damages because someone else uploaded something by accident and you can't fix it? It doesn't work like that. Case-insensitivity I get, but deleting underscores? Yikes. I don't like Nim for other reasons, but that's a huge one. > The facts that Rust is quite young, has no shipping hero project as a case study Their Cargo package manager is written in Rust, and everyone seems to like it. I don't see the advantage in supporting all styles. What you describe sounds like a pretty trivial benefit compared to breaking all of your ordinary text manipulation tools and violating the principle of least surprise. > This is a straw man argument. The reason so many people are criticizing left-pad et al is about the cost of adding a dependency. The cost of a dependency for a good package manager is zero, and the cost of not having that dependency is non-zero. So the problem is with NPM, not with adding a dependency. > I don't understand why this community has to have a weekly cycle of bashing different programming communities. It's funny if done in good taste. You should be able to take a joke with good humour, even if it's at your own expense, and this is a pretty good joke. I said a good package manager. The fact that the npm package database is fully mutable is a huge problem. I never said perfect, I said good. Some basic properties are that upstream changes don't break downstream dependents if you've protected against automatic version updates. Except a good package manager will let you specify exactly which version you wish to depend upon, so any changes you make upstream will have no effect on people who protect themselves against automatic version updates. Seriously, the properties of good package management should be obvious by now. Any design that can break dependents and there's nothing they can do to protect themselves is broken. Exactly. A notification that new updates are available would be nice, but I don't think automatic updates should be the default, even if "semantic versioning" says the update should be backwards compatible. > If you do have a bad package manager, there is a cost of adding a dependency, and you should consider it. That's what pdkl95's point was. That's great, and my point was that with a good package manager, that cost is effectively zero. > And the dependency cost I talk about is universal -- any package manager that allows for easy package updates is open to critical packages being broken. Automatic updates are a terrible idea, even if the developer purports to use "semantic versioning" and the update is supposed to be backwards compatible. Specifying a version should be mandatory. Your package manager could easily notify you that updates are available, but it should never update for you. That's as "easy" as updates should get, because anything else inevitably introduces silent breaking changes. That's a good point that's not often considered. That sounds like it should be part of a package manager too, because all you need is a license compatibility matrix. This not true. CPUs have instruction parallelism, even on a single CPU, but there is no observable concurrency. SIMD is data-level parallelism, not concurrency. Here's one data point: * Automatic Generation of Peephole Superoptimizers: http://lambda-the-ultimate.org/node/2800 > - Runtime information. The runtime needs accurate maps of stack frames for both GC and stack copying, something that is not available from standard backends today. DannyBee addressed most of these points, however I just wanted to note that even if LLVM didn't provide stack maps, it's easy to recover stack information using lazy pointer stacks [1] [1] http://citeseerx.ist.psu.edu/viewdoc/summary?doi=10.1.1.158.... And microkernels had user-level file systems since the 1980s. By your logic, you must have been using those for quite some time. Expertise in computer science probably isn't intrinsically more difficult than any other field, like medicine which now has more women than men. I doubt they have experience in software engineering either, which takes a principle approach to structuring software to reduce bugs and improve maintainability. The only truly terrible part of JavaScript is all the implicit coercions around equality checking. It would actually be a decent language if it reported type errors instead. There are a few other smaller issues that are nuisances, like not being able to actually check if a value is a number, but I think coercions cause the most headaches for discoverability and debugging. It would stop working if you did it NOW. That's irrelevant to the point that that's how JS should have worked from the beginning. Also, they can add these semantics to JS now too with a new type of strict mode without breaking anything. As for how painful it would be, your claim is a total fabrication. Other dynamically typed languages are a pleasure to program in without implicit coercions everywhere. JS is widely considered a pain. Coincidence it is not. > It's a little surprising that 1 + '1' is '11', until you spend a little time and learn the rules instead of fighting them - then you start doing your work in a way that uses that to save time. You are omcpletely underestimating the complexity of JS's implicit coercions. If you haven't already seen it, watch the Wat talk [1]. Finally, the fact that you need the console to even understand the meaning of a code fragment is a perfect example of language failure. [1] https://www.destroyallsoftware.com/talks/wat > Expecting to be able to look at a code sample in isolation and know what it does is unrealistic for any large-scale system. I don't know why you'd think that. In a typed language, you simply look at the types and you know exactly the intended meaning of a code fragment ie. what inputs are needed, what outputs are produced, etc. That's not remotely the case for JavaScript due to its implicit conversions. > I'm with you except for wanting type errors. Duck typing for methods and such is fine if that's what you're into, but if you're checking for equality, you want type errors, period. Only like equals like. Doesn't matter if your language is statically typed or dynamically typed, equality means something very specific and it's very surprising when those expectations are violated. > Using a UUID instead of a sequentially rolling integer ID isn't solving your problem, you're just doing security through obscurity. A common sentiment, but not true if your id is cryptographically random. It amounts to capability security which is the right approach to security if used comprehensively. > At the same time, one of the motivating reasons for creating the Constitution as a whole was to create a powerful executive with broad authority to react to military threats, both external and internal. Why is it more faithful to the Constitution to give more weight to the 4th amendment and less weight to the President's broad powers as to national security? The justification for warrantless dragnet surveillance is to stop terrorists. The damage terrorists cause is literally negligeable when judged by your argument. If the Constitution was designed to react to military threats, terrorism is not a threat. You're more likely to die slipping in the shower than get killed by a terrorist, which is not the case when at war with another nation. And this doesn't even touch on whether dragnet surveillance is actually effective (which it can't be, even in principle). As such, the justification for dragnet surveillance is so thin it's comical. Intention is irrelevant to the argument I presented. The example I presented merely illustrates the level of risk, which is ridiculously low, and certainly doesn't justify military involvement. > Besides that, it's almost certainly the case that terrorism has resulted in more deaths than has warrantless dragnet surveillance of cross-border traffic. I don't see how that's relevant one whit. We don't control terrorist actions, we do control our own government's actions, and the latter's actions are restricted by the constitution. > There's abundant evidence that there are vast differences in the productivity of different programmers in the same company. That seems true for every type of job. That's only true if efficiency is your only metric, but that's not meanginful for all jobs. Certainly there will be an order of magnitude difference in effectiveness of some security guards over others. > But when you get drugs from the drug cartel, the harm that goes into the production makes it wrong to use. That doesn't really follow. Nazi medical experiments were wholely unethical, but it would be completely unethical not use whatever knowledge they gained to save other people's lives. Perhaps what you meant to say is that it would be wrong to pay for the drugs so the cartels actually benefit from their unethical behaviour. I agree with that, but that doesn't make the drugs unethical to use . Absolutely not unethical. The damage is already done, and you're just doing more damage by not using it. It's irrational. There's sufficient disincentive to conducting more unethical research by the simple fact that you'll go to jail. This wasn't a consideration in Nazi Germany. Whitelists and blacklists are useless security theatre. Any non-blacklisted IP could proxy to a blacklisted IP, and whitelisting just means you have to jump through hoops just to get your work done, which users will always do. Looks cool. Will it support targeting Windows from Linux and vice versa? > I don't think having children is a natural right which society has the obligation to subsidize. Many of the social benefits a working Western society wants depends upon a growing population, like social security. The sentences following your quote provide plenty of links to back that up. > I'm sure we can all agree that the current state of shells needs some work, but I don't think inventing a new one is the right solution. Disagree. A shell is a domain-specific programming language, and all the existing such languages are terrible. We'd be better off with a properly designed language, like a shell language based on OCaml: Caml-shcaml [1]. [1] http://users.eecs.northwestern.edu/~jesse/pubs/caml-shcaml/ > I'm from an Eastern Europe and my family never was rich, I had to put in a tremendous effort to even get into the industry. "White privilege" is simply the (mostly reasonable) claim that your journey probably would have been even tougher if you were a black person from your exact same background. > Right, but the point of the article is that they were doing it to the wrong person. That doesn't mean it does not work. Causation does not imply correlation. I think this case make it obvious that it's impossible to tell if the person you're torturing has the information you're looking for and is withholding it, or simply doesn't have the information. That's a textbook definition of "ineffective". > A word loaded to mean 'undeserved advantage'. "Undeserving" is not part of any definition of privilege I've ever seen, not even the dictionary definition. I think that's just your personal bias against a meaning that isn't the same that others are intending. Like I said, whether they were deserving of those benefits does not feature in any of of those definitions. "We got more information out of a German general with a game of chess or Ping-Pong than they do today, with their torture," said Kolm, 90, an MIT physicist who had been assigned to play chess in Germany with Hitler's deputy, Rudolf Hess [1]. Also: Why Torture Doesn't Work: The Neuroscience of Interrogation [2] [1] http://www.washingtonpost.com/wp-dyn/content/article/2007/10... [2] http://www.amazon.com/Why-Torture-Doesnt-Work-Interrogation/... Roslyn is cool, but there doesn't seem to be a standard way to tell Visual Studio to use a custom/roslyn C# compiler rather than the framework one. That kind of limits its usefulness. > Maybe they've changed, although I doubt it. I'm just saying - be careful. Corporations aren't people where past behaviour predicts future behaviour. If MS's original executives are all gone, the fact that MS is behaving differently isn't surprising at all. > I just figure, everything is coming in as a string no matter what. It's going back out as a string. And everything in memory is a sequence of bytes. I don't see the relevance of this line of reasoning. I guarantee that whatever experience you've had with statically typed languages on the web, it's not a good language. Interfacing with dynamic systems is simply a matter of good abstractions, which many languages simply lack. Take a look at F#'s type providers to see where you can go with this. > You basically get SML. SML is still more usable than the statically type languages in use the most today (C++ and Java). > My thesis was related to synchronous programming languages and articles about FRP tend to have too little to say about them, for my taste. What would you expect them to say exactly? Synchronous languages are first-order reactive programming, but FRP is about higher-order reactive programming. > So I'm mostly trading time spend debugging subtle state errors with fixing compile type errors. It feels not as productive, since I'm usually looking at errors. Strange, because debugging subtle state errors seems far more time consuming to me than fixing compile-time errors. You have to launch debugging sessions or insert logging commands and step through reams of code, where compile-time errors tell you exactly where the problems are. > it can't be explained by hidden correlated information about both objects. Yes it can, as long as that information is non-local. That's where the EPR "paradox" comes in, because Einstein believed non-locality was impossible due to relativity. Unfortunately, no OO languages save Scala implement the higher kinded types needed to truly exploit object algebras. That's true, but I believe less relevant than most would think. Most of the "dynamic dispatching" people talk about could be similarly monomoprhized. The only real dynamic dispatch occurring in most programs is due to dynamic code loading (separate compilation from your post). > I don't know what you mean by "fully exploit", If the return type of one of your overloads is itself a generic type, you can't represent that in the type of the method. Consider the IntBoolFactory from the paper, and then add two operations for lambda abstraction and function application: public Exp lambda(Exp=>Exp body); public Exp apply(Exp lambda, Exp arg); Where Exp=>Exp represents a Java lambda taking an Exp and returnin an Exp. Notice how the type of the lambda and its argument must now be dynamically type checked to ensure that 'arg' has the same type as the parameter for the lambda. With higher kinded types, you could write something like this instead: public Exp lambda(Exp =>Exp body); public Exp apply(Exp lambda, Exp arg); And now everything is statically type checked by the Java compiler. Without higher kinded types, you gain extensibility in every direction using object algebras, but you lose some type checking. Haskell has the option to run your code without type checking [1], so this isn't an inherent limitation to type checking. [1] https://downloads.haskell.org/~ghc/latest/docs/html/users_gu... That actually should read: public Exp lambda(Exp =>Exp body) But you get the idea. > we should not be conflating dynamic dispatching code which could be statically resolved from dynamic dispatching code which is necessarily dynamic. This is exactly what I said: most of what people call "dynamic dispatching" is not truly dynamic, and the use of dispatching code is merely an implementation detail. > In Haskell, you do not do this sort of dispatch with typeclasses, but instead use ADTs. Except you can, and this is one way to solve the expression problem in Haskell, ie. by lifting constructors to their own types with pattern matching functions lifted to type classes. At which point we come full circle: most uses of ADTs can also be monomorphized and so are not dynamically dispatched either. Dynamic dispatches then occur only on input at runtime to select the type being instantiated (and so the type class being dispatched into). I don't understand what's unclear, lifting values to the type-level and pattern matching on those values to type classes is a standard construction [1]. I only claimed that operations on Maybe can be lifted to type classes, you claimed that all uses of type classes can be monomorphized (barring "fancy types", of which Maybe is presumably not one). Since all pattern matching functions on simple sums like Maybe can be lifted to type classes using the above translation, and given you said all such type classes can be monomorphized, therefore all uses of Maybe can be monomorphized. Alternately, your original claim could be wrong, or you can provide a counter-example to my claim that pattern matching on Maybe can be translated to type class dispatch. [1] http://koerbitz.me/posts/Solving-the-Expression-Problem-in-H... Reference counting pauses can actually be worse. Reference counting and tracing are duals, and only collectors that exploit properties of both avoid the worst case complexity of each. Alone they each have just as bad worst cases, just in dual scenarios.