It's great that Miguel de Icaza posted this, with .Net being open sourced, the future Mono was uncertain. Most likely your phone has unwanted software or your carrier is injecting ads. At least it seems clean on my Android using Chrome or Firefox. I didn't even click the article because, AFAIK, no one has "unlocked" autism yet and thought it was spam. "May" or "might" would have made the tense clearer. Now that you mentioned it, I can't stop seeing the 'a's. They're really annoying. Someone at Reddit explained that these ridiculous cases come from inconsistencies between federal and state law. In most USA states, adulthood is granted at 16-17 years, but federal law states adulthood is granted at 18 years. How the prosecutor gets to convince the court that someone is both a minor and an adult illegally taking advantage of himself without being laughed at is beyond my understanding. I've been reading Lewis Dartnell's "The Knowledge: How to Rebuild our World from Scratch", and it is exactly what you want. A insightful collection of recipes to bootstrap civilization after a global disaster. http://the-knowledge.org/en-gb/the-book/ I hope I don't get to use it ever, but it is really interesting as it necessarily explains the fundamentals of our current civilization. Not OP, but I would guess the components were not to sell, but to use. You spoke to Daniel Suarez's Daemon! You made me learn that latinum is a silvery liquid. You're throwing a baseball, but at the last moment you spot a kid running into its path. You tried to stop your arm but it was already in motion. You decided half a second too late. https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Neuroscience_of_free_will#Over... And awfully in Firefox, full UI lag. I know Firefox's implementation makes this its fault, but come on, it doesn't hurt to test the home page in it. This put me off too, although only Firefox has responsiveness issues. I'd suppose most kids learned quickly that you could float mid fall and bypass the energy penalty. Even if you fell by accident, it cost practically nothing. We will always win at love and free will /s This would actually be great for the field. I don't think this is the place to seek cool comments. I come here precisely for the technical discussions. It is probably an issue with your video driver. No text editor should feel laggish right off the bat. The open source Radeon driver is prone to sluggishness. Damn, TIL that bar was not decorative. Probably had laser eye surgery. Doesn't seem like he uses glasses. Then why was this such a huge deal? http://www.databreaches.net/191-million-voters-personal-info... If only "in secret" really meant "only between diplomats" and not "hidden from the public but not corporations". Someone always has children. Your legacy will not be wasted. I prefer to keep the mystery and not know all about my opinions from the start. It's the small discoveries that keep the flame of love alight in our marriage. And the alert tone could be ICQ's "Uh-oh". I'm no expert, but wouldn't said seed first be baked by the heat of an impact strong enough to launch a chunk of planet to space? My ideal notes app would be a rich-text offline hierarchical organizer like CherryTree ( http://www.giuspen.com/cherrytree ) with a mobile version and synchronization thru Dropbox or similar (like KeePass). Cloud solutions are nice, and I've tried several, but it always feels more like a convenience for the provider rather than the consumer. What is this congress that imposes Helium prices worldwide? Being experimental and open source resonates with most users here, but it doesn't make the project immune from technical criticism. Aesthetically, it's an interesting proposal for minimalism, but technically, it's literally the opposite. I fear in a few decades we would buy a cheap robot and command it to scare the cats perpetually. Just 5400 more days and I'll be able to downvote! What a time to be alive! USA is the country with the highest illegal drug consumption by far, obviously it's not the will of its people. We've used Zabbix for 5 years to monitor about 200 servers/computers and 100 networked devices using a combination of TCP pings, SNMP, HTTP, SSH and the resident agent. It's really well thought, flexible beyond what we use, and configurable entirely from a web interface. There aren't good alternative to the web interfaces, though, so projects of this kind are nice. Because they insistingly invite you if you happen to land on a Facebook link? This is as simple and sustainable as you can get. Even the aluminum alternative is more wasteful. "making the website effectively racist regarding devs" Just so your communication skills improve, discrimination is not the same as racism. It's confusing. I'd think it means it shrunk 0-2 times by an indeterminate amount. Just a thought: some times, when you start to feel the side effects, it's too late to correct them, specially if it's organ failure. Please read the side effects. That certainly would freak out anybody. How Skynet was born: - SYSTEMD IS AN ABERRATION AGAINST ALL THAT IS UNIX! - But A.I, you use systemd to boot... There's an annual celebration between the cities of Brownsville, Texas and Matamoros, Tamaulipas which could have been the precursor of this idea. It's called "Día del Charro" (Charro Day) https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Charro_Days . The two cities are in such good terms that even in the late eighties migration control was suspended one day so people could freely cross forth and back to see the parade starting in downtown Brownsville and ending in downtown Matamoros. This free crossing was discontinued due to federal laws, but the two cities remain as close as ever. Wow, you're good. You easily reverse engineered their reverse engineering. It's surprising that a dedicated phisher would go so blatantly overboard, knowing it would stand like a sore thumb. This wasn't spearphishing, it was regular phishing in a pond. Have you considered non-propietary alternatives in your stack solely to reduce licencing? I understand technology choices are shaped by many factors, I'm just curious. I believe the sentiment is not "wanting to stickg to one thing", but rather "we keep fixing development by adding more layers and complexity". So? They'd lay eggs with wings. Come on, at least buy a few nice wallpapers, carpet or curtains. Something good enough to look nice but cheap enough you can leave behind if you move. It wasn't Chinese then, but it is now. My first guess was closed source :/ Just keep in mind that's against Apple's EULA. Yes. Next question. I'll just leave this here http://xkcd.com/1597/ For their price, Teslas shouldn't break that easily. And obligatory SMBC http://smbc-comics.com/index.php?db=comics&id=1623 They could colonize not to actually interact with the environment there, but for computing resources and redundancy. Waiting for the jump upgrade for the iBot. Somehow, it's reassuring to see how 45 years later, the rm -rf class of problem still persists. Dualism is the technobabble of philosophy. This is awful, but if you use a smartphone, this is about the same telemetry that has been collected on you for years. Microsoft is just keeping up with the times. And maybe multiple non-touch monitors, where the comfortable mobile interface feels cartoonish. Are you a time traveler from 50 years ago? I think you answered yourself why D is not more popular with the "cool kids". C++/Java/C# are overengineered, verbose, horrible languages to use. Java is a bastard of C++, and C# is the better looking bastard. Yes we use them, and even like them in a weird Stockholm Syndrome way, but they're not fun to work with. We use them because we need them, not because we enjoy them. Disclaimer: the personal pronoun "we" as used here means the author plus zero or more people. ... on your own lawn? This is my question as well. We do that at fairs for fun, a spinning habitat seems very feasible. If you care so much about being on topic, please keep politics out of this discussion. > have a bias for full-width sites and browsers. Ah, of course. He's using it wrong! "70% of accidents near stop sign intersections are from stop sign violations" Wow, who would have thought? But only if we break it with the savage might of atomic power! This strategy is likely to make your employer keep you until they can find a replacement at their convenience. "In order to maintain a tolerant society, the society must be intolerant of intolerance". https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Paradox_of_tolerance They could lower the threshold until they get an acceptable proportion of false positives, but I wouldn't want to be one of those false positives. Wayland finally. The tortuous Mir and Unity crusade is over, I'm willing to bear with whatever is broken in this release if it means Ubuntu working with actual industry standards, specially in the graphics area. It's not the first time they've done this, they adopted SystemD instead of their own Upstart as soon as it was deemed the standard. It is my understanding that difficult tasks should be attempted before banging one's head against the wall. I'm lost, why is it relevant that "in France, we have 7 days to cancel a purchase"? I prefer to call it "C Gone Wild". To support your point, blue (the color) is "azul" is Spanish, but blue (the feeling) is "triste". As a native Spanish speaker, I was lost for a few seconds with your example. It rings as true to me. I've been to small towns in Catalonia, and while most people figures I'm Mexican and treat me as a tourist, a few locals would feign not understanding a word of Spanish and would only speak to you in Catalan, even if you're trying to buy something from them. I don't think so. The iPhone was revolutionary because suddenly you had a lot of sensors and the power to use them in creative ways. There are still sensors that could be added to devices of this price range that, coupled with new apps, would make them cool again: infrared vision, range finder, molecular scanner, etc. Imagine pointing your camera to find an A/C leak inside the wall, or scanning fruit for their ripeness, or measuring furniture at the store to see if it fits in your house/door. Hell, it could even alert you if you have bad breath. Before the iPhone, the best smartphones were Symbian or Blackberries. The iPhone was ridiculously better in every aspect. The market was ripe as people realized they wanted to trade battery life for more powerful devices, after the success of the iPod and the iPaq (not a typo, the PDAs from Compaq/HP). It was a revolution then, and it happened so fast Nokia and RIM were left in the dust. "it was that the things on the screen behaved fluidly when you manipulated them, without lag, allowing you to use the interface _while forgetting that there was an interface there in the first place_." This. Playing solitaire by easily flicking the cards away was magic back then. If postal packages arrived in milliseconds, there would be no need for express delivery. My condolences. Its a very unfair match when only one side gets to make the rules. The business guys who are into watches tend to buy fakes that can fool people like them. FTFY In that light, his performance has been stellar. Not even personal threats to him or his family sway this guy, he'll be the perfect scapegoat when this is over. This was all Ajit's fault, but he's been sacked from public office, rejoice! Come on, it's obvious it's shaped like a penguin. The change in albedo is caused by the rotation needed to maintain gravity for the small alien penguins within. Reading your comment feels like licensing software from Microsoft. I just pay a fixed monthly amount for unmetered data, and I wouldn't have it any other way. It's already 22 minutes old by now, we can trust it. > The entire tech industry, including some of the wealthiest companies in the world, will most certainly rebel against any attempt by ISPs to threaten net neutrality Have you noticed not many tech companies have complained? Did telecom win by attrition, or did they negotiate after the last failure? "Lasers can't even penetrate our navigation shields. Don't they know that?" > How are you going to get food distributed across the country without fossil fuels You would distribute less and source more locally. No more bananas or mangoes. That was the idea behind the "reduce our standard of living" phrase. “The cellphone manufacturers want you to keep a minimum distance away from your body and you should find out what that distance is,” Couldn't be more vague, what a useless recommendation. Also, don't keep smartwatches next to your body! > completely reset me installation to stock I'm picturing a very upset buccaneer. Maybe the Corporatocracy is inevitable, only with stupid names instead of Weyland-Yutani or OmniCorp. Imagine a Ferengi/HAL9000 hybrid: "I've still got the greatest enthusiasm and confidence in this quarter's projections." Good point. When the NSA started going crazy and spied everyone, it was the first time I saw the "It's not OK to spy on USA citizens, but it's OK for foreign citizens" reasoning. I don't know if it was used as openly before. Or, you know, charge ONCE instead of yearly. The "membership" should be an entry barrier, not a revenue source. I hope he ran the Hollywood script while the password cracker ran modestly in the background https://github.com/dustinkirkland/hollywood Did you establish your company before or after Afghanistan was given "freedom"? Until someone names their firstborn Block Chain, we're not there yet. Buroku chan is acceptable too. We as developers might have plenty of RAM to waste, but our users usually don't. If it runs well on our machine but not in the users', what good is it? Even if it runs well on the users' machines, how many resource-heavy applications can they run concurrently? Will they have to close one to open another?