"Advertising" includes training doctors, not just "ask your doctor about erectinol" commercials. Hiring doctors to travel the country, give lectures explaining how it works, renting conference centers, providing lunch, etc adds up. Learning how to use a new drug is not easy like learning software; trial and error doesn't work. A drug is worthless if your doctor doesn't know what it does. If the original poster is a computer person, I'd recommend some changes to this list. This is "Math for physics" but "Math for Computer Science" is rather different, and might be more interesting. I'd recomment calculus up to integration. Don't worry about integration tricks, except for integration by parts (the most important formula in mathematics) and u-substitution. All the other integration tricks are pointless crap used to fill up time in calc classes. Vector math is useful if you like either computer graphics or physics, but is not crucial. On the other hand, everyone should know probability, even the purest mathematicians. Just don't try to learn it out of an "Introduction to Probability and Statistics for Engineers" book, all such books should be burned. Real/functional analysis would also be useful to better understand probability. I'd also suggest combinatorics/graph theory, and perhaps the theory of automata. That's edging towards computer science, but it is a fundamentally mathematical topic. Also, it will be very slow going. It's not like picking up another computer language/framework; it's even harder than Haskell. I've have a Ph.D. in mathphys/num analysis, but it still takes me a long time to push through an introductory textbook in a field too far removed from my own. For instance, I sat through 4 semesters of abstract algebra (3 at the grad level), and I still don't understand it. Don't get discouraged. It's already been built ( http://laptop.org/ ), except for cell network access. They also have minimal color and a small amount of graphics. You can even power it with a hand crank. As soon as they build one with a bigger keyboard, that's my new machine. At my university, we use blackboard. But if we want to submit grades, we can't use blackboard. We have to fill in bubbles on paper by hand. Sounds great, in principle. Here is what would happen if it actually occurred: Various big projects of dubious value (particle accelerators, LIGO) will go begging for money. Any candidate who doesn't want to support them will be portrayed as anti-science. The majority of the effort will be placed here (scientists care more about grants than politics). Standard science issues where the science doesn't fit the party line will be highlighted: evolution, climate change and sex ed. For the most part, science will be used as a club to beat republicans with. They certainly deserve it (1), but not only them. Non-standard science issues that cut against democrats will be mostly ignored (race/sex differences in intelligence, lawyers suing doctors without scientific evidence, the possible link between abortion/miscarriage and breast cancer) . No one will ask the candidates what they think about Larry Summers or James Watson. It sounds like a great idea. But I know my colleagues well enough to know that if it happens, it will simply turn into a "give us money, we hate republicans" event. (1) At various points, I noticed birth control (non-condom) includes the warning "Does not prevent aids or other STDs." Until I heard McCain speak on the topic, I didn't think anyone was actually dumb enough to think it did. If you are a hacker (you are posting to hacker news), I suggest you avoid it. I don't know anything about Teach For America specifically, but several people in my graduate program did work for a variant of it (local and math focused). None of them were happy with the program, though several stuck with it for financial reasons. One of them was put in charge of statistical analysis, since he was the only person in the room who knew what a standard deviation was (I'm not exaggerating). His conclusions: 1. Except for the grossly incompetent, teacher quality doesn't matter. He could not reject the null hypothesis (teacher quality doesn't affect student outcome). 2. Students do not benefit from being in the program, unless it removes them from a dangerous school. He couldn't reject the null hypothesis here either (accepted students perform the same as rejected ones). (This fact is usually well hidden: students accepted by special teaching programs as well as students who apply but are rejected usually perform better than students who do not apply.) According to him, other programs usually get similar results (well hidden in the appendix of a report), at least when the results are reported. Overall, he said it is a waste for a talented individual to go into teaching. You won't make a difference. As a software person, you will. Leave teaching to people who can't do anything else. They have a comparative advantage (even if they lack an absolute advantage). This election is fundamentally different from others. Clinton, by virtue of having breasts, makes women feel good about themselves. That's an X-factor which was not present in any past election. And she plays this up, by crying and planting fake sexists at her campaign events ( http://michellemalkin.com/2008/01/07/bs-alert-hillarys-iron-... ). As for Obama, you are right. His supporters are projecting. But they project onto him (rather than Hillary) because he is incredibly charismatic. People want charismatic leaders, but I don't think we need them. In fact, I think they are extremely dangerous. Think for a moment about JFK's catch phrase: "Ask not what your country can do for you, ask what you can do for your country." Compare it to catch phrases of other charismatic leaders: "All within the State, Nothing outside the State, Nothing against the State" "The common good comes before the private good." (Sorry for invoking Godwin, but it's important to point out how his charisma obscured what JFK actually said.) I think it's far better to have a leader that everyone hates. Just think of the outcry if Bush suggested the people should serve the state. A charismatic leader can give the uninformed a reason to hate him, but it won't change their feelings. An example: a gay friend of mine dislikes Bush because he proposed a law against gay marriage (at least that is his stated reason). He has very strong positive feelings for (Bill) Clinton, in spite of the fact that Clinton actually passed a law against gay marriage (Defense of Marriage Act). His feelings persisted even after I pointed this out to him. Maybe I just have stupid friends (I don't think this is the case), but my general impression is that most people don't base their opinion of a politician on policy. Rather, they take their opinion on the policy from the party or politician they like. I thought T-rex invented generative catch phrases/advice. http://www.qwantz.com/archive/001159.html Well, keep in mind what I'm describing is one special program in math. Also, everything I know I heard over beers, while complaining about our advisors. Regarding teacher quality, he found the best fit was a failure model. Most teachers perform adequately, and these teachers are statistically indistinguishable. Some teachers fail, with varying degrees of failure. Basically, think hard drives. Most work, and these are all the same. Some fail, with varying degrees of data loss. If the sample in the study you mention comes from the partially failing region, they could easily find an increasing relation. Or possibly this program was special, that I don't know. However, I do stand by my statement to leave teaching to those who aren't great at other things. That's just basic comparative advantage. You are comparing your students with you as a teacher to your students with no teacher. The proper comparison is "you program, joe blub teaches" vs "you teach, joe blub programs." If joe blub teaches almost as well as you, but you program much better than him, then it's far better if you leave the teaching to him. Of course, if you enjoy teaching, you certainly are not obligated to do the most economically efficient job. I'm certainly not (postdoc in math here). >I learnt some really important life lessons in college, most of them outside of class. What makes you think you would not have learned the same things (or equally valuable things) if you did not go to college, but did stop living with your parents? That may be a "silly name" effect, not a racial effect. I read a while back a similar study done (sorry, can't find a link), but comparing different white names. Jennifer and Meghan got far more callbacks than Rainbow, Peace and other hippy names. More anecdotally, my friend Dikshit Gupta got far fewer callbacks than Dave Gupta, even with identical resumes (both are obviously Indian). I'd be curious to see a similar study done comparing generic names to generic "dead president" names (George Smith vs George Washington Smith), rather than made-up african sounding names. If they are equal in all other ways (i.e., equally skilled, equally likeable), I'll choose the one without college. My competitors are less likely to try and poach him, but he is just as valuable. One can use it to solve homework problems. A problem I gave my class last week: you are holding 4 cards, 9, 10,k,Q. You draw the 5'th card from the deck, and if you don't like it, you can discard it and draw another. Obviously, you want a Jack, to get an inside straight. The probability monad lets you describe your choices "imperatively" using monads and do notation. I.e., if I draw a Jack, keep it (I have a straight), otherwise draw again. Note: I'm assuming below that cards with index 1,2,3,4 are jacks, import Probability import Collection import Prelude import Monad insideStraight deck tries= do (card, rem) The notation x Naively, you can think of x (card, rem) is simply unpacking a 2-tuple, containing the card and the remaining deck (after picking 1 element). The "let straight = ... in \newline (some statement)" means exactly what it sounds like. "let x = 3 in x x" means "take the statement x x, replace x by 3, you get 3*3=9". Most people form their political opinions based on their self image, not on rational thought. I.e. "I'm an artistic creative person" -> "I'm a Democrat" -> "I support abortion." Or "I'm a good Christian" -> "I'm a Republican" -> "I support lower taxes." How does this relate to vouchers? 1. The beneficiaries of the current monopoly oppose vouchers due to simple greed. 2. Their political allies try to protect them, to keep votes/campaign contributions coming. 3. "People like me (e.g. political allies of the teachers union) oppose vouchers. Therefore, I oppose vouchers. Only bad people on the other side of the fence support them." I just thought of a way to make sure the kids never get stumped. The kid in the article was stuck breaking up 674 into easier numbers. Perhaps there is a method of "breaking the problem into easier-to-digest numbers" that always works . Hmm, we could break up 674 as 600+70+4, and 249 as 200+40+9. I think this method just might work for all numbers ! Now I just need a catchy name to market this. How about "Child-friendly Mathematics: a -4'th century approach"? It's even diversity friendly (crucial in the education market), since it was invented by a non-western culture. Sorry about that. Didn't notice the pic when I posted. Glad you pointed it out though, it's a beautiful picture. Well, I'm not 100% sure you are asking for my experience, but here goes anyway (I'm a mathematician/physicist, by training and profession, and I don't write web GUI's except for fun). However, I'd say that I regularly use stuff from about 4-5 of my college/grad school classes. Virtually everything else I learned "on the job" (i.e., in grad school, doing research). Oddly enough, I recently found myself using some tricks I picked up from a machine learning class for something completely different (the philosophical kind of quantum mechanics). Happiness research is nonsense when used in this way. People from different cultures often have different conceptions of happiness. There are also calibration effects: show person X someone else better off than him, and tell him that guy reported 8/10 (happiness units). Then he will never report higher than 7/10. This isn't jealosy, it's just not knowing what the units mean. Another reason to see why there is something off: compare Bhutan on your first link (#133) and on your second (#8, higher than Canada). Actually, the teaching is depressing even at stellar universities. I'm a postdoc at such a place. Last semester, I taught "Calculus for kids who don't care." This semester, I'm teaching "Poker and craps for kids who don't care." I suspect the only way to avoid this is to work at an engineering school (not necessarily a top one). Yes. In my year, we had 12 people entering at Rutgers. 2 graduated in 5 years, and got good postdocs after 1 year (one went to UIUC, I'm at Courant). We are the only ones who have a real shot at research oriented tenure track. 1 dropped out in the first year, 2 more have or are dropping out with a masters (1 after 4.5 years, 1 after 6). 3 more will graduate after 6 years, IF they can find a job (50% odds). One guy has a wife, and hopes he can find a job in the NYC area (he's looking at a 4+4 teaching load). I know other people who have such jobs: none like them. 1 more is potentially a long termer (he hopes to graduate in 7 years). The only major difference is that you will probably not be a technician (as described by this guy), you will do your own research from the beginning. You can also survive without grants, though it will hurt your career. It certainly does not challenge the "efficient markets" hypothesis. The hypothesis of EMH is that investors are attempting to maximize their profits, and all have the same information. The housing bubble was driven by various players with incomplete information and irrational behavior: 1. Idiot homeowners: "Buying a home is the American Dream and house prices will never go down because everyone needs to live somewhere." These people are making an emotional purchase, not an investment. A conversation I had with such a person: Me: You just left your wife. You plan to leave your job. In the next 3 years, you will probably leave the state, possibly the country. And the housing bubble just burst. WTF? Him: Without owning a home, I feel rootless. I need to buy a 3 bedroom house in suburbia. It's a good investment! 2. Investment banks were mislead by mortgage issuers. If an investment bank is buying the loan, the mortgage issuer had less incentive to make sure it would be repaid. So the issuers slacked off. This means that there was a major asymmetry of information, violating the premises of EMH. Another thing to consider: in the US (assuming you plan to market in the US), 2/3 presidential candidates have proposed variants of socialized health care. The "conservative" candidate is a "maverick", who is not averse to doing similar things. This doesn't bode well for long term planning. In 4-5 years time, who will the buyers be? Doctors, hospitals, or some American version of NHS? What regulations will you need to satisfy? If the healthcare system is taken over (in any sense) by the government, expect major rent seeking from various special interest groups. M$ may purchase a "M$ software only" law, or hospital administrators may purchase a "don't let software steal our jobs" law. (Such laws will, of course, go by such names as "Helping Children not Die of Cancer Act"). In short, I'm saying that unless you are a lobbyist, stay away from this market for a few years. Do your real estate thing, come back to healthcare once the market settles down. I'm not saying to avoid it because of regulatory burden, but because of unknown regulatory burdens. You can plan for known regulatory burdens. For instance, in the automotive industry, just add millions of dollars worth of safety testing to your R&D budget. If the business plan still works, run with it, and calculate odds. In the defense industry, make sure you hire lots of lobbyists. It's the unknown unknowns, not the known unknowns that will kill you. >That attitude may lead to more risk taking, but it will also be a constant source of unhappiness. Not necessarily. It may be a source of unhappiness, but it may just be a calibration effect. Consider the question, "on a scale of 1-10, how happy are you?" I know 1 == sad (not me) and I know 10=="a marijuana forest full of strippers?!?". But what does 5 or 8 mean? Say I'm the sort of person who might rate myself a 9. But If there is a person, real or hypothetical, who is "happier" than me (1), but not quite a 10. So that leads me to conclude HE must be 9 and I must be 8. But I'm not less happy, I just don't know how to answer a "how happy are you" question. Similarly, I might want to rate myself a 5, but then I think about how I wasn't eaten by velociraptors, and jack myself up to 7 (my understanding is that something of this nature occurs in Denmark). (1) His beer comes from further away than my beer and his wife's ass is higher up than my wife's ass. The professor probably knows, and probably doesn't care. Your prof is probably a guy much like you, who just wants to get back to his research (or his startup). It's a dup, but I think lots of people don't mind that. I for one don't mind seeing this pop up every few weeks if people suggest new songs. Toward that end, here is some music I haven't seen mentioned here before. List of Demands, and Black Stacy, both by Saul Williams (see also http://niggytardust.com/ , which many here may have heard of). He's on tour right now, if any want to see him live. http://youtube.com/watch?v=l1llNYAlYrc http://youtube.com/watch?v=kRsgavuG4sg&feature=related Basically any topic where you know what hypothesis look like, and there is lots of data floating around. Medical diagnosis is an area where ML should be used, but isn't. It's been discovered that a decision tree beats a cardiologist for heart attack triage, but no one will touch it (1). In research, it is often used to discover genetic regulatory networks, and other such things. Basically, ML is replacing what would be a boring job for a grad student. Also look at marketing. Thanks to their ML systems, Walmart knows that people buy poptarts to prepare for a hurricane. (1) If a cardiologist kills 10/1000 people due to human error (whoops, forgot the aspirin), it happens. If a computer program kills 5/1000 people due to classification error it's 5 lawsuits waiting to happen, provided you can find a cardiologist to say "In hindsight, I would have gotten that right." >Besides, what does an "MIT-caliber mind" need growing up? Forget about growing up. At age 17, they need someone to walk them through the college admissions game. Most poor/middle class folks don't have that. When I applied to college, I figured it was grades and SAT's. I didn't have anyone to tell me to engage in activities to fit the admission's office checkboxes (i.e., "leadership experience" or "community service" looks better than "programmer at a .com"). No one told me that "ambitious, will try to graduate college early" doesn't make admissions officers happy. Overall I'm quite happy where I wound up. But admissions coaching would have helped if I were rich enough to have it. >The same thing has been said about most of technological revolutions, but do people live more leisurely, relaxed lives today because of our advances? Yes. There are now more World of Warcraft players in the US than farmers, thanks to mechanized agriculture. This led to a decrease in hours worked from about 80 to 40. Mechanized factories led to a similar reduction; service workers tend to work far less than factory workers (spending several hours/day at work, but not working). The rest of the productivity gains went to increased consumption, which tends to mean a greater quality of leisure (I enjoy playing video games much more than I would enjoy watching Big 3 TV networks in 1950). Doping may lead to an increase in inequality (i.e., non-doped need to work harder to have the same stuff as the doped), but that's a different matter. If you don't take pills, it's not your problem. Which is the point I was addressing Society will benefit from productivity gains. Some individuals might be harmed by a risk they chose to take. The article suggests that those undertaking those risks are intelligent and educated, so it's not even like poor fools are being taken advantage of. What's the problem? The Air Force says you are enhanced by amphetamines: http://www.wired.com/medtech/health/news/2003/02/57434 (The reporter is a little more skeptical. Then again, the military tend to be big users of statistics, so I expect they have some reason to believe this.) The exact same criticism could be levied against your competitors who have no life and work 80-100 hours/week. I suspect that 100 hour work weeks are also more likely to encourage suicide than concentration pills. Supposing that brain booster pills are as safe as working 80-100 hours/week between the ages of 22 and 41, would you accept that they should be legal and brought to market? So you are harming your competitors by engaging in activities which are potentially risky. Those competitors who can't keep up are harmed, either due to you stealing their clients or because they kill themselves (figuratively) trying to keep up. I have a number of friends working in finance who are in such a situation. I'm not saying I know the risks of these drugs. I'm just saying that "my competitors might do it, and then I can't keep up" is a silly argument against them. There are all sorts of "natural" ways you can compete, many of which might be risky or harmful to you. One of those ways is working as hard as you do. I don't think the risk is necessarily fantastical, though I suspect it is probably low. I simply think people should be allowed to take the risk if they want to. Short summary of the article: >Those wealth-seeking, “what’s in it for me” philistines are not buying our product. Rather than changing ourselves to serve them better, we should instead be inflexible, and demand that they change their desires. They should love our product, which even I acknowledge is useless. Diversity rocks, I support diversity! Professors should be paid more. By the way, I'm not exaggerating. The article actually describes students as "wealth-seeking, 'what's init for me' philistines". It's attitudes like this that make me strongly consider leaving academia. Perhaps it should be the first thing users see after they create a login? Marketing in the US: "Ebooks for sale." If you live in the same state as our office, pay sales tax, otherwise tax free. Marketing in the EU: "Ebooks for sale." Possibly illegal in France (do laws against free shipping apply to ebooks?). Some ebooks are not legal in some states, e.g. nazi-related books in Germany. Maybe I forgot a few other problems. Time to hire 27 lawyers to find out. Quite right. A client (back when I was a teenage "computer hacker", fixing people's computers for pizza money) had the problem that her computer was unstable. It would shut down at random times. Printing stuff at night only would do it; shortly after printing, the computer would shut down. Also, it would shut down when it was cold, and only restart when the house was warm. And while things would be fine if she was using it, it would turn off if she went off to do other things (e.g. iron her clothes). Hard to diagnose, but a wild guess: power issue. Lets try swapping out the power supply. The real first problem: unplugging it. There was a single outlet, with a red/black tree of power strips/extension cords plugged into it. Not just computer equipment, it was also plugged into a space heater, air conditioner, alarm clock, coffee maker, etc. After plugging all the crap into a different outlet, I unplugged the computer and opened it up. Didn't have a power supply with enough watts. Promised to get back to her in a day or two. When I called her back, everything was fine. The "teenage hacker" solved her computer problem, stopped her lights from flickering, and made her alarm clock stop turning off whenever she vacuumed. The problem: 1 socket, about 3000 watts. When it got cold, she turned the space heater on. Computer drained of power, switches off. Print something at night, switch on a 500 watt halogen lamp, computer shuts off. >Plus whos going to vote for spam? Spammers. >Tacky clothing and pasty physiques can be like second hand smoke. But without the cancer risk. >Misleading headline; the article says nothing about historical returns being a poor metric of fund performance Sorry about that, I thought that was an immediate and obvious implication of the article, namely that there is a problem with historical returns as a metric (not that they are a poor metric). In any case, I didn't mean to imply that historical returns are useless, just incomplete. And I thought this article did a great job of illustrating an example where that is the case. It's hard to summarize traits in the headline. Here is an academic paper describing them: http://www.iam.unibe.ch/~scg/Archive/Papers/Scha03aTraits.pd... They were originally built for smalltalk, but apparently there is now a python library. I gave it a try, it's actually pretty nice. Basically, traits provide reusable components of behavior that are not tied to classes. It's pretty sweet. It lets you do things like delegate data members/methods to other objects. For instance: class employee(HasTraits): employer=Trait(company) class manager(employee): hire=Delegate('employer','hire') This code causes an employee to have an employer data member, which MUST be a company object. So far, just static typing (checked at runtime). The manager subclass of an employee has a "hire" method. But a manager doesn't hire employees himself; instead, he hires employees on behalf of his employer. So boss.hire(emp) is delegated to the boss's employer, and is equivalent to boss.employer.hire(emp). It has lots of other cute features like this as well. Take a look. True, but geometric rays of light bouncing off the walls of the slit won't broaden the beam. Similarly, the barrel of a machine gun doesn't broaden the stream of bullets coming out. Only Heisenberg does (note, however, this is a purely classical/maxwellian use of Heisenberg). > they give their owners a warm fuzzy feeling you don't get from the junky pieces of plastic sold by creative, et al. Warm fuzzy feelings turn into rage and hatred relatively quickly. My girlfriend: "OMG, a cute engraved ipod! It's so pretty!" Later: "I can't copy music from your macbook onto my ipod without nuking my music? But they are both apple! How come your cheap chinese knockoff ipod works better than the real thing?" >Think blackwater is bad now? How about when they're not even human beings? Then they run at a lower threat level. A humans's decision process: "Is that guy a suicide bomber? OMFG SHOOT!" A few minutes later: "Fuck sarge, I got scared. I screwed up big time." A robot's decision process: if uncertain_of_hostility(target): speaker.warning() #This robot only costs us $50,000. Hearts and minds, right? else: fire_warning_shot(target, bystanders) ## if fu_bar(target): #Don't delete or uncomment this line, or else bad things will happen. I have no idea. If it was my submission that caused it, I apologize to all YC readers out there. PG, a feature suggestion: create a "Hide this user from me" button. By default, the list of hidden users could contain all users matching .* reddit.* (but without a space after the first * , that's only there due to YC markup rules). Actually, to my great surprise, "give my field more money" was only one of his suggestions. It was, in fact, the last suggestion of his, and (at least to my reading) least important. The rest of his answer is quite reasonable, and doesn't even need new money: 1. Seek out people with different points of view and invite them to join the discussion. 2. Give money/influence to individuals, not to large fiefdoms/research programs. I think he is quite right on this. In at least one area the author mentioned (foundations of QM), even a single person with different views can be beneficial to a department. At Rutgers (where I got my Ph.D.) the math physics group has a single advocate of a deviant view. The department would be weakened if we replaced him with a normal scientist of equal quality. Diversity of ideas is important, and we definitely don't do enough to promote it. I think economics caught up with reality a long time ago (in this respect). Last time I saw the end of that stupid show, I was yelling at the TV: "Maximize your utility function, not the money, moron!" (I'm not an economist, but I talk like one.) So get a masters in CS. It's not a Ph.D. in finance/economics, and also avoids the BS required to get a BS. >Why might it be that people with the background to have an informed opinion on something do not show greater diversity in those opinions? For one reason or another, one viewpoint gets a leg up on the other one. After this, life is easier for those with the mainstream viewpoint, and new people join the establishment. Case in point: I'm working on a paper right now in foundations of quantum mechanics. I did most of the work with Bohmian mechanics as my mental model (as a result of being exposed to a "deviant"). That viewpoint helped a lot, and I probably wouldn't have built my model without it. Note that the model is completely justifiable without it, but it's an unmotivated magic trick. I've given talks about it from a non-standard perspective. People attack that. I've also talked about it, pretending it's black magic that yields a result everyone knows. People love that. The result is the same, but I have an easier time promoting it if it looks mainstream. It's no wonder people stick to the establishment. Even I'm going to stick to the establishment when it comes time to submit the paper. One very serious problem with that idea. Team X isn't insulated from lawsuits that Team Y gets hit with (or contracts that have the potential for massive costs, for that matter). Suppose Team X isn't doing well. Probability of getting fired is 50%. They decide (independently) to do Z, with a 90% chance of increasing their team's profits (and not getting fired) as well as a 10% chance of major lawsuit that will crush the company. This nearly doubles Team X's survival probability, while exposing the company to a massive risk. This is a classical example of agency costs. And this is why big companies are usually pyramid shaped. This has little to do with limited liability. In fact, the problem here is that groups within the company do NOT have limited liability (from each other), thus necessitating some oversight. The only role limited liability plays here is that investors in this company to lose only their investments (but not their house and car) should the company die. Another important fact, which is politically incorrect to mention. About 66% of the murders in the US are committed by a demographic group that is unique to the US (1). If you exclude that group, our murder rate is cut in half. http://www.fbi.gov/ucr/cius2006/offenses/expanded_informatio... (1) I'm know the racial group exists in both Canada and the UK. The demographic group (race+culture) is uncommon in Canada, and virtually nonexistent in the UK. When looking at the statistics, I'm assuming the 28% of murders with unknown perp are distributed the same as those with a known perp. Paul Krugman is very confusing. It's almost like he is trying to fool people who don't understand the difference between savings and loan banks and investment banks ("shadow" banks, in his lingo). The problem in 1930 was that depositors at savings and loan banks all wanted their money back simultaneously. Many people (read: main street) got screwed, leading to the creation of the FDIC. I.e., "the bank doesn't have your money. Sorry." The problem today is that savings and loan banks gave out a bunch of loans to low quality borrowers. They then sold these loans to investment banks while misleading them about the quality (and the IB's just figured it out). "Conventional" banks (the ones PK seems to think are so great) screwed the "shadow" banks (those scary unregulated ones), and now investors are trying to avoid risky investments until things clear up. Both are scary in a "trouble on wall street [financial word] [financial word] bad for the economy [financial word] [financial word]" sense. But beyond that, the situation is rather different. I try to seem human, because I don't want my students to think that infallible guru's exist. Plus, many "infallible gurus" are real dicks. Several times, I've gotten student evaluations like this: "This prof rocks. When I pointed out a problem with my midterm, he immediately fixed his mistake and apologized. How awesome is that? " I agree completely about bailouts, they are ridiculous. Bear should be allowed to fail. That will teach the IB's to do a better job next time. But I disagree with you that IB's didn't do their due diligence. Measuring the quality of individual mortgages isn't their job. The IB's job here is to build securities out of individual mortgages, given accurate knowledge of the mortgages from the ratings agencies and local banks. It's a lot like trading commodities. A market maker in commodities doesn't need to know what a grade A cow looks like or how a cattle auction works. His job is to trust the cow raters to do their job while he packages sets of cows into financial futures. If a rancher is colluding with a cattle appraiser to pretend that 1000 mad cows are Grade A beef, it's not the fault of commodities traders (although commodities traders will be hurt). The flaw with the mortgage market was not happening on the IB's end. The individual mortgages were not of the quality the local banks promised for various reasons you've outlined. They were then packaged into securities which were suitable only for higher quality loans. Those securities are failing now, and the market has become a lemon market (which killed liquidity) and caused all sorts of other problems. Investment banks: "Given loans of known quality, we can package them into bond-like securities." Local banks: "Pray, Mr. Investment Banker. If you put into the package loans of the wrong quality, will the right security come out?" (With apologies to charles babbage) One thing that might be useful is for users to be able to block other users. If I don't want to read any more posts/submissions by WakeUpSheeple or AlienFromPrisonPlanet, I can just block them. One could combine this with flagging accounts for possible deletion if they are blocked by too many people (as WakeUpSheeple probably would be). Deletion would occur only after editorial review. This wouldn't work for that other site, since trolls have critical mass. But it might work for us. I'm reasonably sure this isn't the case. Even in pure math, postdoc salaries tend to start at $50k ($45k in low cost of living areas like Urbana Champaign). Associate (tenure track, but not yet tenured) profs tend to start at $70k. I can guarantee you engineering/CS makes significantly more. However, the average professor makes very little, because the average professor (of, e.g., Medieval English Literature) has few marketable skills. The article doesn't claim that billionaires were "sitting around thinking about ways to get money into the hands of poor black guys was hardly one of them." It claims that changes to the law, promoted by ACORN, made it legal to write bad loans. A quick look at Wikipedia suggests that this might be the case: >The [1995] revisions [to the Community Reinvestment Act] allowed the securitization of CRA loans containing subprime mortgages. The first public securitization of CRA loans started in 1997 http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Community_Reinvestment_Act#Chan... NY Post or not, it appears correct. I also recommend reading this article (for a different reason): http://www.paulgraham.com/disagree.html >He happens to prefer to play one side of the line of scrimmage. Or at least prefers to play on the side he feels is an underserved market. Most people want a news source that agrees with them. If a fact doesn't support your views, it must be a lie, right? In the TV news market, this means that left wing types are split between CNN, CBS, NBC, etc. Murdoch figured this out, and right wing types all watch Fox. There are two types of scans they could do. The first is CAT, or Cancer Assisted Tomography. They can shoot high energy cancer rays (a particular type of radiation ) through your skull and measure what comes out the other side. Tumors sometimes absorb more cancer rays (also called x-rays) than other tissue, basically creating a shadow they can see. This doesn't work all that great, also the cancer rays are also millions of times more likely to cause cancer than your iphone. The other type of scan is nuclear magnetic resonance imaging or NMRI. In NMRI, they stick your head into a big magnet. Then they take a big cell phone transmitter, point it at your brain and turn it on (i.e., sending radiation into your brain). This (combined with the magnet) basically turns your brain into a nuclear powered cell phone transmitter. Then an RF coil inside the Nuclear MRI machine picks up the calls your brain makes, and they get a picture out. Did I use the words nuclear and radiation frequently enough to make you afraid? >You would have a computer ask people to describe the side effects they've been experiencing, and ask probing questions to evaluate how serious those side effects really are, and which of their two dozen drugs might be causing them, and which drugs might be usefully discontinued or substituted and which might not? The only thing here I actually would want the pharmacist to do is ask the questions. The rest of it should be done by computer, and in fact some of it already is (checking for drug interactions). People sometimes forget stuff, whereas a database doesn't. People are sometimes mislead by experience/spurious correlations, while a properly designed computer system won't be. So I would, in fact, assign important decisions about my medical care to a java program written by a team of doctors, pharmacists and computer geeks. I'm building better MRI reconstruction software. Most existing software does a filtered FFT + standard image processing. This throws away information solely because radiologists and other humans can't use it directly. I'm trying to extract that information and turn it into something usable by humans. It's important to note that it's not clear that Asperger's actually exists as a separate set of people, rather than simply as a group of people who's personality fits in some distant corner of the normal distribution. I.e., I'm saying I want to see a continuous stable functional with a margin (1) to distinguish between asperger's and non-aspergers before I take it too seriously as a "condition". As far as I know, this has never been done. (Note that I'm not disputing full fledged autism. I'm just uncertain about aspergers.) (1) For those unfamiliar with stats, this is what I mean. Let x be an N dimensional vector, representing the personality/physical features of people (i.e. x[1] = propensity for antisocial behavior, x[2] = seizure frequency, x[...] = other diagnostic criteria). Then I'd like to see a continuous function f(x) such that if f(x)>1, you have aspergers, f(x) the probability that 0 . The article does have a little empirical data (towards the end): >In the early 1970s, a large-scale study gave poor people in four cities a so-called "negative income tax," a no-strings-attached payment based on how little money they made. The conclusion: the aid tended to discourage work. I know a little bit. The relationship isn't very close. Gamblers tend to derive utility from gambling, i.e. the act of gambling gives them a rush. The extreme case of this is video games. I'll never win any money by purchasing a Wii (like the lottery, I lose with probability close/equal to 1). But I will derive more happiness from playing Wii sports than I will from the money I spent on it. Similarly, gamblers enjoy playing the game, and this gives gambling positive utility (for them). However, the argument Karelis seems to be making is that the marginal utility of increased income is zero (for some income range which constitutes poverty). People don't tend to do actions with zero marginal utility, so they don't try to increase their income. Basically, earning $15k/year doesn't make you any happier than $10k/year, so why bother to increase your income? (Note: he actually claims that "economics doesn't apply to the poor", which is either stupidity or hyperbole. ) One interesting policy implication of his model (if it is true, which I doubt): taxing the poor is good policy . If a poor person is no happier at 15k/year than at 10k/year, then we should tax all poor people making $15k/year at 33%. It won't make them any more unhappy, whereas taxing a richer person will. It also suggests that any wealth transfers to the poor that dont solve all their problems are wasted (welfare is "all or nothing"). I think the authors ideas are less about time discounting, and more about non-linear relations in quantity of problems. The authors example is a man who's car has many dents. Utility might behave like U(0 dents) = 1, U(1 dent) = 1/2, U(n >= 2 dents)=0. If a car has 5 dents, the marginal utility of repairing one dent is 0 (U(5)=U(4)), so the owner does nothing. Of course, in real life, most utility functions behave in the opposite way. Going from homeless to a studio apt? Major gains in utility. Going from a studio to 1 bdrm? Nice, but not as fantastic. You are quite right, utility is usually steep near 0, and flattens out toward the top. I was simply pointing out that if the author is right , the difference between 10k and 15k would be very small (indeed, quite possibly smaller than that between 100k and 150k). In fact, I'd suggest that diminishing returns explains American "poverty" much better than flat utility curves. 45% of the poor own their own home, 95% are not overcrowded, 75% own a car (30% own 2 cars), nearly all have a TV (25% a big screen). Virtually no one is starving, over 70% of those the USDA classifies as "hungry" are obese. The typical poor family is also supported by 16 hours/week of work. It's quite possible that poverty is explained simply by a low marginal gain from increased work (the poor already hit the point of diminishing returns). All numbers are taken from here ( http://www.heritage.org/Research/Welfare/bg1713.cfm ), who in turn stole them from the census. See also this chart http://www.heritage.org/Research/Family/images/Chart1.gif of working hours for poor families. I took a look at your source, their numbers actually seem to imply the SAT is very good. They mention that a 100 point increase on the SAT corresponds to a 0.1 boost on college GPA. Assume a linear relation: this means that a 1500 SAT student might expect a 3.0 GPA, while a 1000 SAT student might expect a 2.5 GPA. That's actually a great predictor. Then they mention other studies of SAT scores within a fixed college . This is deceptive. A typical college has students from a narrow SAT range (say 1200-1400). By the above numbers, one expects that SAT predicts only 0.1 GPA above/below the mean (within the college). However, it also predicts that if the school were to ignore SAT and admit a cohort with SAT's of 800, then those students would underperform by half a letter grade . "Minorities" really means "non-asian minorities, primarily black/hispanic" to anyone involved with the diversity bureaucracy. Jews are lumped in with caucasians, and therefore do not count as diversity. It gets worse. Gypsies are caucasian/european. Gypsies are known to be genetically and phenotypically non-caucasian. They also suffer from historic (and current) discrimination. No bonus points for you, whitey. However, a Brazilian of 100% European ancestry (who speaks no Spanish) qualifies as Hispanic. This, in spite of the fact that his ancestors almost certainly oppressed the natives/slaves, just like an American of Portugese ancestry (who is white/caucasian). You get bonus points, Mr. Diversity. Think it's nonsense? Are you a racist or something? Much of that doesn't apply to smaller acts. For example, I saw Saul Williams ( http://niggytardust.com/ ) for $25 on wed night. The venue was small enough that he crowd surfed on half the people in the room. As for drunks and druggies, if you can't beat us, join us. I agree, U2 is probably not worth it. But lots of smaller acts are. I'm not sure the Eee can crowd out an iphone (too big), but a Nokia N800/N810 might. It's a small, linux powered computer only slightly bigger than an iphone. The newer model even has a real keyboard. Overall, I prefer it to an iphone. It's not as pretty, but it is more functional (especially if you spend most of your time near wifi). Unfortunately, the iphone doesn't come with a terminal or python. http://www.nseries.com/products/n800/#l=products,n800 Unlikely. Debt we owe china is leverage we have over them. If they tried to use it for political purposes, all we need to do is say "we're not paying." For bonus points, we can also say "100% tariffs on chinese goods." All of a sudden, $900 billion of China's assets are toast. This will hurt their credit rating as much as ours (do they have any collateral anymore?). Debt between nations is not the same as debt you owe to the bank. Lets say he attaches 10% odds to this happening. He makes a fantastic prediction. 10% chance he is remembered forever (he predicted a black swan, what foresight!), 90% chance of nothing. He makes no fantastic predictions, just "the future will probably be much like the present". 0% chance he is remembered forever (he predicted no major change, big whoop). 10% > 0%. It may be a very good move to make big, ridiculous claims. Quite right. I've been teaching calculus for several years, and for the most part it is a soul-sucking experience. Big chunks of it are utterly pointless. The main goal of the class is attrition. Seriously, integrating 1/(1+x^2)? Surfaces of revolution? Trig/hyperbolic trig substitution? Calc is full of stupid tricks that buy you closed form solutions. Adding Big-O notation to calc might help a little, especially when you get to series (with Big-O notation, you can explain divergent series). It's certainly a useful topic, and I can think of a dozen topics from calc I'd love to replace with it. Eliminating calculus and designing a basic math class from scratch would probably help a lot more. Don't throw out the baby with the bathwater. Calculus is a fundamental topic, and even in computer science. Trig substitution is the bathwater. Curvature, tangent and normal are the baby, and they can be handy when you need them. >Is it possible for a hacker to teach himself to do research? I don't know a single good researcher who doesn't fit that description. However, I do recommend some flavor of apprenticeship (1). A good mentor will suggest useful bones to search for, and act as a tour guide to stuff that already exists. A comment like "did you know that in the 80's, $BIGNAME tried to do $X with $Y (not $Z), take a look" can save you LOTS of time. (1) The useful part of the PhD is the apprenticeship to your advisor. If you can get the apprenticeship without the PhD, take it. I don't like the bone finding analogy much, actually. Heres why: in most sciences, big bones are made from small bones. (I'm sure there is some flavor of this in paleontology as well. But I don't like the analogy because to people like me who know very little about bone hunting, it sounds very wrong.) Let me give an example. I'm hunting a big bone right now: clearer MRI images from low resolution data. To do that, I need the following small bones: 1. Understanding why low resolution data sucks, and finding unused information. (This is something along the lines of literature review.) 2. Small bone: How to optimally extract that data? 3. Small bone: Result of step 2 gives me an unordered list of points. All I know is they are samples from some set of smooth closed curves, and I also know the tangents to the curve at each point. How do I get the curves? 3a. Smaller bone: some points are wrong. Can I figure out which, and ignore them? 3b. How much of this can I prove? 4. Small bone: If I knew these curves, how do I use them to get a picture that a radiologist will like? (Step 3 gets extra emphasis, since that's what I'm doing right now. ). Every scientist is a small bone hunter. The only question is whether they are looking for small bones to build one particular big bone (like me), or whether they are search for small bones in some region where they like the scenery. Pics of cute palestinian girl or it didn't happen. (Sorry, it's the internet. Someone had to say it.) > PS: What do you think of C++ as a language? I hate C++, although I'm using it right now since python lacks libraries I need ( http://www.cgal.org/ ). But I hate C++/STL/Boost far less than I hate C++. The STL and Boost make C++ feel almost like statically typed python, (while occasionally driving you mad with pages full of template errors). An example (g is a graph): list to_remove; BOOST_FOREACH( Vertex v, vertices(g)){ if (degree(v,g) > 2){ //Try to remove some ambiguity BOOST_FOREACH(Edge e, out_edges(v,g)) { ...Do some euclidean geometry... if (...Geometric constraint not satisfied...){ to_remove.push_back(e); } } } } BOOST_FOREACH(Edge e, to_remove){ remove_edge(e,g); } This is almost a direct translation of what I'd write in python (if python had graphs as a data structure), except of course that to_remove is a list of edges . Some people insist on programming C++ like it is c. I.e., they will build an array (hoping it's big enough, sometimes they will even error check if it's not), cast the edges to int's, keep track of how many array members represent edges and how many do not. If you do that, your life will suck. One situation I ran into recently: computational geometry. It's not usually just an inner loop that needs to be carefully optimized, often there various levels of calculation that need to be done. I'd actually much prefer to use Ocaml for that use case, but libraries made the choice of C++ for me. (C++ is also good to have on the resume.) Gotta disagree with you on some of this. On point 1, I see nothing wrong with this: list cutelittlepuppies; ... BOOST_FOREACH(Puppy p, cutelittlepuppies){ p.pet(); } Use typedefs for more complex templates. My rule of thumb: if it's faster to read and understand the template than to find the typedef, don't use a typedef. As for the allocations (point 2), not usually a big deal outside of games. The added safety is worth the performance hit. One should certainly read such books (if you care enough). They almost certainly have useful information in them. But read them critically. Most such books are written by "natives" rather than by dispassionate observers. A book on "history of education" is almost certainly written by an educator who is interested in history. Such a person will tend be less critical about the value of education than an outsider. There are similar problems in some other subfields (e.g. history of labor/unions), and of course anthropology (most people studying the Navajo tend to like Navajo culture and have "gone native" in some sense). [edit: emphasized word Most in response to next comment] Subsidies are definitely part of the problem, since they make students less price sensitive. Another part of the problem is that there is no incentive for cost control in the university. I can give a great example of this, from my current university. I'm currently teaching a "Quantitative Reasoning" class right now. Basically, take Weeks 1-2 of Prob&Stat and expand it to fill a whole semester (half a semester, due to poor planning and miscommunication). Some of this is my fault, some of it not (2 syllabuses floating around, both of which I was told to ignore). Plus, my students are all art/history/literature majors, and just don't need it. Everyone in the room would be better off keeping their $4,000 and not sitting through my class. So why is this abomination required? Because the department needs money (1) and requiring everyone to take our courses is a way to get money. In principle, someone in the university should put their foot down and say "this is nonsense, lets just require 1 less class and charge $4,000 less". But there is no such person in the modern university system. (1) I'm told some of our "beat the Soviets through mathematics" grants were finally cancelled. But I'm not sure about this one. Of course, one should not use such research as an excuse to eliminate choices (as many political types believe). All you need to do is hide the other choices. A great example of this is the choice of "Desktop or server?" http://www.ubuntu.com/ In fact, that's barely even a choice. But if you want to choose between other options, you can (at the cost of an extra click): http://www.ubuntu.com/products/ In my view, this is the proper way to deal with too many choices. >I think that the problem is all these standardized tests where student performance is directly related to the teacher's and school's funding. Teacher and school funding has little to do with it. Student performance is directly related to parental income, which is (often) related to school funding. But parental income is the driving factor, not school funding. As an example, take Hoboken NJ. The main people attending the public schools are kids from the housing projects at the back of the city. They rank in the bottom 18% of NJ: http://hoboken411.com/archives/11398 School funding: $24,949 per student. http://www.nj.com/hobokennow/index.ssf/2008/04/boe_challenge... In the case of Darfur, they have at least one well known problem: the Janjaweed/Sudanese government. Think Arab Nazi's on horseback. My general feeling is that a "Guns for Darfur" charity would be the most useful. (Note: Godwin's law only applies when invoking Nazi comparisons in non-genocidal situations.) What's the worst that can happen? Genocide? It sounds worth the risk. Possible genocide is better than certain genocide. Note that neither the RPF (in Rwanda) or the KLA (Kosovo Liberation Army) did much retaliation after they ended their respective genocides (to take two recent examples). Plus, there is deterrence when two parties are evenly armed. "Lets go kill the darkies, loot their village and rape their women." Sounds awesome. I hate those darkies, and who doesn't like loot and booty? "Lets get into an evenly matched gunfight with the darkies and, if we survive, loot their village and rape their women." You know, I agree the darkies are a pox on this world. But I'm not liking the sound of 'if we survive.' Didn't Sturgeon confess? Not sure how much (if any) corroborating evidence there is, but a confession is something. http://www.wired.com/politics/law/news/2007/05/reiser I think the point is that thanks to deceptive marketing, most people don't properly evaluate whether it is worthwhile to go. As for a "generic career readiness test", that's probably pointless. On the other hand, some sort of standardized testing would be useful. Take a student who got a B in calculus at Rutgers, and a similar student who got a B in calculus at NYU. Are they equally skilled at calculus (Hint: definitely not)? Given a standardized calculus test we could tell the difference. I'm aware of the GRE math test (I took it many years ago). And if everyone took it and appropriate breakdowns were provided (e.g. "Students with SAT between 1300 and 1400 did scored 6 on the national"), that would be a good thing (at least to evaluate math majors). You look for your interval, and find a college that will do well by people like you. Also, teaching to the test is fine if the test is good . If the test accurately measures knowledge of the subject (1), then teaching to the test means teaching the material. It's very rare for one of my students to do well on a test without knowing the material. Regarding NCLB, the current mess is the same as the old mess. NCLB just gave teachers someone else to blame. (1) Most calculus/physics/chemistry tests do a decent job of this for skill levels not too high. Most tests make good students indistinguishable from great ones, but that can be remedied by putting harder questions on. If someone gets a perfect score, the test is too easy. The government wouldn't be deciding the appropriate curriculum. They would be creating a measuring stick to compare curricula. If, as you suggest, advanced courses were not on it, then it would simply be useless at the top: 80'th and 99'th percentile students would have the same score. As for colleges cutting advanced classes, I just can't see it happening (1). If they can find students willing to take it, someone will teach topology (it's better than doing Calc 2 again). Colleges don't suffer from the same institutional failings as public schools (they have their own unique institutional failings). (1) Note: I have a few years of experience teaching in college, and a few more working in college math depts. What about Cornell? http://youtube.com/watch?v=3P8s6ZkrzlE&feature=related >Bartels shows in his book that this difference is not a statistical artifact or a fluke. With sample sizes of 5 and 6 (for dem/rep), Bartels shows that his results are not a statistical fluke. Sounds plausible. >(It turns out that the same pattern prevails even when a Republican president is succeeded by another Republican.) I take that back, sample size 2. I'd be really curious to see the leave one out error for his statistics (i.e., throw away Nixon and Clinton, and see if the result persists). Look, I hate Bush and McCain as much as most people (I liked Paul, however). But this book is just propaganda. Salary for the summer comes from grants. Universities like it that way, it gives you good motivation to go bring home the bacon. By the way, even your salary number seems low. Perhaps your numbers include teaching colleges? As for summers, they are also a good time to build a startup. Most tenure review committees don't mind that sort of thing. LyX is nice, but I eventually got frustrated with it and went back to emacs+xdvi. Nothing beats a well-customized emacs for me. Emacs actually has similar functionality to LyX (I don't use it, so I don't know how well it works) in preview-latex: http://www.gnu.org/software/auctex/preview-latex.html Astrophysics/Climate Science/Systems Biology is a pseudo science. It does not follow the basic principle that knowledge is proved and disproved by experiments. You can find all the sophisticated mathematical methods you want in geophysics, and none of them would stand a test of reality. Most of so called 'models' come with disclaimers against various features, and pretty soon you discover that our whole life is one big exogenous phenomenon. Your criticism applies to the study of almost any complex multiscale system. The fine scales are poorly understood, and most models come with various disclaimers. Many parameters are unknown, and reasonable quantitative predictions are impossible. Plenty of examples show models to fail, but they are still used since they sometimes work. Life is messy, and studying a mess leaves you with a messy field. It's a pseudo-science when you stop admitting that, and pretend you have all the answers. I don't know of any economists who have reached that stage. I don't think you are aware of much modern economics. In general, the Chicago school exactly takes the viewpoint that one is dealing with a complex, nonlinear and nondeterministic system. Neoclassical economics takes a similar viewpoint. See also [complexity economics]( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Complexity_economics ). As for econometrics, they do exactly what you said economics doesn't do: try to fit the models to real life, and reveal when the models fail.