You're off by a factor of ten. Preindustrial was ~280ppm, current is ~400ppm, so we're responsible for about 30% of the CO2 in the air right now. "Coming ice age" was mostly the press, not the scientists. Attention-grabbing headlines without a connection to reality; "fake news " isn't new. I also wrote to my MP (and to one of the ministers above her). The response was a wall of polite non-comprehension. I'm leaving the UK because of this act. Brexit doesn't help (Brexit probably means we can't fight the act in the EU human rights court), but this act is so bad, it is such technologically illiterate bull, it will /at best/ do nothing and at worse expose the nation to criminal hacking, blackmailing, and identity theft. > subversive or criminal activities My standard counter-argument to this is "drugs". Drugs are a sufficient bug-bear to be used by the UK government as justification for invasive surveillance, but there are so many drug users in the UK that if they tried enforcing that law they would bankrupt the nation three times over from each of prosecution, building and staffing sufficient prisons, and the sheer number of people in prison who would then not earn any money or pay any taxes. And that is just from a thing the government uses as its justification for the surveillance power it now has. While it would probably be relatively easy for Apple to move to London, I think the British stance on privacy (Investigatory Powers Bill etc.) would make Apple less interested than one might expect from simple tax rules. Then there are all the Brexit related questions about export of services, and I have no idea at all how that might or might not change things. Every time I take a photo of the night sky, I'm lucky if I can see a single star. And that's without having the exposure levels set so that I can see the ground as more than a featureless white washed out expanse of light. > That level of detail would take huge computational power and software. It takes zero computational power and zero software. We've been able to fake stars since 1650. https://en.m.wikipedia.org/wiki/Planetarium It would have been utterly trivial in the 60s and 70s, even without a massive planetarium, just using multiple exposures. 'cause that had been known about since the "fairies at the bottom of the garden" photos of the victorian era. Stars in the background of the Apollo footage tells you nothing, at all. The photos of the footprints, from an orbiting lunar reconnaissance probe, says more. https://www.nasa.gov/sites/default/files/images/584398main_M... Edit to correct spelling, fottage->footage Given the cost of laser diodes is now pennies, how much would it cost to target every window in a city? I'm imagining drones putting sensor domes with ~100 laser diodes each on top of existing street lights, using in the order of a few watts from a small solar cell and battery to do basic signal processing (most windows will be silent most of the time) and uploading anything possibly interesting over a standard mobile data connection. Then process the possibly interesting signals with a voice-to-text system similar to Alexa/Siri/Google/Cortana and now there's a searchable text database of everything spoken next to a window in a city. That would be, what, mid tens to mid hundreds of millions of £ for London? Compared to the annual budget of £3.24 billion? edit: possibility->possibly I suspect the "wizards" are likely to be those who own the means of production. To back up your point, they already have been: * https://en.m.wikipedia.org/wiki/Iran–U.S._RQ-170_incident * https://www.theguardian.com/world/2009/dec/17/skygrabber-ame... If I have been correctly informed, because psychopathy (and narcissism?) are over-represented in positions of power. I would assume that the Democrats (as a non-American, what's up with calling them 'liberals'?) being out of power for four years will make them literally incapable of being why Trump fails to solve these problems. Hi, Great Britain here. Our southernmost point further north than all of the contiguous USA, and we've stopped burning coal for the first time since the 1800s this year. Not permanently, but considering that coal was our biggest power source in 2013, that is an enormous change. Well, Heisenburg uncertainty becomes more relevant the colder you get. In this case, [uncertainty in position] * [uncertainty in momentum] >= ħ/2, so something with mass but no kinetic energy would be everywhere in an infinite universe with equal probability. Sounds about right to me. Wikipedia's list of Orders of magnitude (temperature)* shows atomic waves being coherent over centimetres at 10^-15 K, and a 10^8 difference in temperature is a 10^4 difference in momentum — which fits μm to cm. * https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Orders_of_magnitude_(temperatu... That's fair. One person on their own can only do so much, so on a personal level "buy as little as you can while staying happy" (or "save as much as you can and retire early") are good things. These are good for individuals even if we are wrong about climate change. Cars, for example: When you buy a car, the car maker realises there is demand for cars and makes more cars. If you buy cars less often, they makes less of them, putting less CO2 into the air. Your English is good, by the way. While "meteorologist" is a scientist who studies weather, and "climatologist" is a scientist who studies the climate, even many native speakers get "weather" and "climate" mixed up. It's how far your car goes on 102 gallons of gasoline. Edit: 102 US gallons, which are different from UK gallons. Check what happened in the UK in 2016 for the first time since the Industrial Revolution. And then look how far north the UK is compared to the USA. If the UK can do it, almost every nation is guaranteed to be able to do it. (Those that aren't guaranteed, have other options). Solar's the cheapest these days. The rest are only backups. Maximising my MPG rating was a sport for me, until partner crashed the car. I managed 75 MPG (UK gallons) reliably. I sold the replacement car as soon as I could once she moved to California, went back to just cycling (I live in the UK). For a few days in 2016, the UK burned zero coal. This is was the first time on record, and those go back to the first coal fired power station in 1882: https://www.theguardian.com/environment/2016/may/13/uk-energ... Edit: Yes I do know this didn't continue permanently, but as recently as 2013, coal was the UK's largest single source of electricity. Change is faster than most people realise. :) Thiel may blow a fuse if he realises quite how many Culture references Musk has been making over the years. :) This may be a dumb question, but… The Pi does have a GPU. Nothing amazing, but better than the CPU. Given this is public knowledge, why is the GPU being ignored in comments like yours? Cost is not the only concern, if it was then all cars would be the most energy efficient possible and Hummers with similar fuel efficiency to small Cessna aircraft would never have been made. I disagree: even with purely factual information, neither lie nor rumour, it is possible to create a biased impression by leaving out related information. Purely as an example, "The current US President ordered his troops to fire on American citizens" may sound outrageous, but make sense when enarged to "American citizens who have joined the Army, as part of a live-fire excercise in Texas". (I'm not familiar with how live fire excersises work, this may be a bad example, but I think it still illustrates the point even as a straw man — the point is only that withheld information can radically change the ethics of even true statements). Hi, I'm British. The USA literally only exists because the founding fathers committed treason against my ancestors. I expect the first species that is physically capable of colonising the stars will /only just/ be capable of it. They are, but we probably want lots of hydrogen anyway. I don't know if we can easily substitute methane with hydrogen in gas power stations or gas ovens, but it is certainly possible . And the next fifteen years of Moore's Law will take that down to, what, 1 GPU month even without further algorithmic improvements? Which are anticipated? I still see things that use 2-digit years, twenty years after the last millennium bug should have been fixed. What source of information should be provided to a person who has written to the effect that they distrust the media? I'm not writing that to be funny, it's a serious issue. Also applies to climate change deniers who refuse satellite data and moon landing deniers who deny everything from NASA… not that I wish to imply any overlap. In what way is a monarch's taxes different from someone receiving rental income from inherited property? I'm in the UK (temporarily still in the EU). We have a single payer health system, much loved by the general population. However, it is also being systematically underfunded by the government, who are mostly getting away with blaming "health tourism" of foreigners rather than suffering from their own policies in elections. (This is why there was a bus with "£350 million per week" written on the side in the referendum: the NHS is really popular, and it's easy to blame outsiders). In principle, the NHS covers me when I'm anywhere in the EU, by paying for local treatment. In practice, it's not identical quality treatment, and there are edge cases. I suspect that the NHS will disintegrate under the pressure of Brexit, but on e other hand I'm extremely pessimistic about the whole thing and half the country thinks it will be great. Interesting, I did not realise that. I honestly don't know how the finances of different parts of the NHS are run (Hospitals, Primary Care Trusts, it's just jargon to me), has it ever been closer to the Canadian system than it is now? On the one hand, if each coin is worth 1/10th its cost, nobody will mint them. On the other hand, if each coin is worth 10x as much as it cost to make, people make their own and the price collapses. That applies equally to gold coins as bitcoins. I suspect bitcoin is, in its current form, incapable of replacing a major currency, because if it become a dominant currency then someone would beg, borrow, and steal just enough bitcoin to buy just enough compute power to get half of the bitcoin computer pool, from there using their new power to double-spend their way to getting even more computer power (while blocking other transactions that might try to out-bid them), and ultimately using that power to rewrite the consensus reality of the blockchain to say they now own as much as they want to say they own. Even if the bitcoin wiki is correct to expect no rational miner will attempt this, there are plenty of irrational actors when enough money is dangled in front of them, even when it is only a mirage (citation: every lottery). Video games covers a very broad market, but the race to the bottom in price in some segments seems to have been followed by unproductive time sink mechanics made by people who didn't realise (or perhaps didn't care) that Cow Clicker was a parody. I've had to put the kongregate minigames site into my own /etc/hosts file as 0.0.0.0 to stop myself playing the "Idle"/"Clicker" genre. Positive games do exist, but they are thinner on the ground than they used to be. I think. Out of interest, how close are formal methods to the mathematical standard for proofs? VDM-SL was part of my degree, but the lecturer ended up showing more limitations than strengths by getting his own example wrong, and sadly I've had no real-life experience with them because none of my career to date has involved things that need to be proven correct. Former empire. Yes it's still rich, yes the boundary of the bottom 15% of the UK is the same as the top 9.7% of the world, but most of the former empire violently rejected the UK in the second half of the 20th century (and most of the rest before then). This collapse caused economic damage that was solved in part by joining the EU, so yay irony for bringing up the long-gone Empire just as my leaders are trying to get it back. ;P For the rest of the world… In the last 70 years, Ebloa and HIV were not only discovered but so were partial treatments; Smallpox has gone from "a vaccine exists" to "wiped out"; Rinderpest didn't have a vaccine and has been wiped out; Polio has gone from no-vaccination-possible to almost eradicated (37 cases in 2016); Guinea worm — mostly affecting the poor — has gone from multiple millions of cases per year to 25 individual cases. For wider medicine: the first organ transplants were kidney in 1950, pancreas in 1966, heart and liver both in 1967, ovary in 2005, penis in 2014; DNA has gone from "???" to fully readable and partially editable; ultrasound, pacemakers and IVF were invented, and antidepressants have improved. In industry, robotics relies on computer power, so I disagree with anyone who dismisses the development of computing power; likewise, telecommunications have gone from "phone calls within your town are expensive" to "let's have a live video chat across 8-time zones". The entirety of high-temperature superconductors happened after I was born, never mind going back as far as 70 years; Kevlar, Nomex, and carbon nanomaterials were all made for the first time in the last 70 years. The poor of the world don't have everything we have, with the exception of vaccines for illnesses we wish to eliminate, but even the stuff we discard often contains things that could not be bought at any price 70 years ago. > most of the creatures that thrive don't have what we consider intelligence, so it's not that evolutionarily important I dispute that this is because they don't poses intelligence. Whenever we find an animal displaying some ability we had said required intelligence — language, tool use, self-awareness, solving abstract puzzles, driving a car — we seem to change our definition of intelligence. Just like we have done with A.I., although probably because we want to eat the former and make slave labour of the latter. ;) (Am vegetarian, please don't eat me, oh robot overlords!) That has to be an oversimplification, else all the companies would have already moved. Suspect that "I am used to things as they are" is a powerful incentive to keep business, not just citizens. (I say this as someone trying to move out of the UK because of the combination of Brexit and the Investigatory Powers Act: moving is extremely unpleasant). I'm one of the soon-to-be-expat Brits. Like Herr Pierzina, I'm also troubled by the IP Act. Moving is really not fun, but move I must: the IP Act is unconscionable in many parts, and Brexit takes away one of the few powers that could fight those parts. Two Home Secretaries in a row that just don't get encryption. My time is split between finishing my novel, learning German, and trying to catch up on tech that came out while I was writing. I considered Silicon Valley until I realised how different UK and US politics are. Extreme right wing in the UK is a bit to the left of Obama. If the EU does collapse, I'll consider Canada. If Greece could have solved their problems the same was Iceland did, they would have done so. The reality is Greece was economically dependent on a lot of business that stopped when the Credit Crunch hit, but Icleand had relatively small problems with three banks defaulting after a bank run and loss of access to credit, about 10% reduction in real-terms GDP. "Relatively small", because UBS was warning the Greece faced hyperinflation, military coup, civil war — and that was just from leaving the Euro and revaluing their currency in an orderly default where they didn't have to repay everything. It's not just the EU that told Greece what to do, the IMF is part of the Trokia. Oui, aber mit Deutsche, kaj Esperanoto, και Ελληνικά, I think my philosophies may be broader than most. More seriously, I know I would be surprised if more than 5% leave willingly. I don't want to go, I just see no choice. Our collective departure will probably boost the wages for developers who do stay in the UK, but by how much, and against which currencies I would not dare to say — economics is an expert level subject, of which I know only the basics. Sounds a bit like the British democracy to me. How many Brits know that bishops sit in the house of Lords? Some know, sure, but many? How many of us know what the Privy Council is and who the members are? What powers are purely ceremonial and which have teeth? Why can't MPs resign like normal people? How and why there is judicial independence from parliament seems to be news to the Secretary of State for Justice, if she doesn't know how it works what hope do the general population have? Even how laws are passed seems to surprise people — "The Lords might disagree with us? Abolish them!" — to say nothing of the difference between primary and secondary legislation. The UK has a constitution, but it's not written down in one place for convenience and understanding, it's spread over time-worn ritual, over the Queen's Speech and slamming doors in the face of Black Rod. Although I expect some improvements to be possible, I doubt it's practical to do the sort of large-scale transformation that would really make a difference. I mean, I keep reading stories about how famous corporations have terrible codebases which they can't fully fix it, and we're in a domain where deployment is trivial amd doesn't literally cost the time of the entire legal profession to familiaise themselves with the changes. I'd love to be wrong. The saying "ignorance of the law is not an excuse" is necessary, yet at the same time not possible when the law is as complex as it is now. UKIP MEPs rather famously don't bother to vote in the EP as much as other MEPs. One gram would be about as bad as the Nagasaki nuke, so not that terrifying. Sure, it's bad, but I only sometimes lose sleep over all the nukes, so… Any ? Certainly. How much I would not want to say — my opinion is that UKIP created the dissatisfaction that they fed upon for votes. But that's just opinion. I sympathise, but I seriously recommend looking at the UK government's attitude towards encryption and privacy before you jump here. They mean well, but… well, the support material for the IP act reads like their understanding of the internet hasn't changed since 1998. Part of the Investigation Powers Act is that particular ISPs will be required to store an unspecified dataset related to your browsing history for 12 months, and that they have to keep secret the fact that they are doing so. Luck rather than skill, I'm afraid: I was just rounding and consider a factor of x2 to be close enough for things like this. I do not recommend spending a large percentage of Gross World Product on antimatter weapons. Or even a small percentage, if antimatter becomes cheaper. In fact, I'd go as far as to suggest that — if you can figure out how to make and keep it — world peace is much better than having any military. Those skeptics certainly started skeptical, but they were also a tiny minority. I was thinking about the people who they convinced to side with them, and how UKIP's refusal to participate in any meaningful way may have created the evidence they needed to convince people the EU wasn't listening. The EU might have retained popular respect with UK voters if the MEPs that the UK sent to parliament had voted in accordance with their electorate's desires rather than not-voted-because-they-are-a-protest. Or not. Quite a lot of stuff in the media that is anti-EU, too. That might be more powerful. Apparently we do need a computer model to say that, because terrorism is a thing, and so is "shock and awe". Certainly — if it had been actively liked then the vote might have gone the other way. As for polling, it looks like my memory doesn't quite match reality: http://theconversation.com/polling-history-40-years-of-briti... This polling history shows wild oscillation over time, and the EU was formed from its predecessor just as things were close. I had been under the impression it was a gradual shift from the high of 1979 to the low of 2016. Regardless, "stoked" sounds like a good description of UKIP's behaviour to me, so I think we may be agreeing with each other. Your text does not appear to respond to mine. Terrorist: "If we attack them, perhaps they will leave us alone/leave our holy land/give us independence!" Terror victims: "$#*%! Get them! Shoot them all! Nukes are too good for them!" -Rince, repeat- Snakes and ladders? https://xkcd.com/1002/ I thought it was a dead heat between Pen Island, Powergen Italia, and Therapist Finder? I think private offices can be helpful, sometimes. Anecdotal: At a previous job, I found a coworker quite furstrating, and he found me frustrating. The CTO told me the two of us were loud enough to be distracting the others, so I immediately tried to moderate myself… but the fact we were still aggravating each other was a contributing factor to me deciding to leave. I had enough respect for everyone else there that I was embarrassed to be noticeable in that way. Agreed. I know that "fudiciary duty" is a thing, but not what it involves. There are laws about accounting standards, but I can't even say what standard accountants need to rech to know those standards. I only found put a year ago that, in the UK, the (director?) of a Limited company can become personally liable for company debts if they trade while insolvent. Import and export laws? Nope. Which parts of an employment contract are enforceable? Nope. Minimum standards for office temperature, cleanliness, health and safety? Nope. How much unpaid overtime you can make your employees do, and how that intersects with minimum wage rules. Nope. Copyright, trademark and patent laws I think I get, but I don't know them inside-out. I think I explained myself quite poorly, because I agree with you. I meant "get" it in the sense that I can tell when I do or don't need a lawyer, rather than my friends and family who moan about Google for (c)-ing a photo of the sky ("They don't own the sky!") or what trademarks and patents are even for ("How did Apple get a patent on putting the letter 'i' in front of every product name?", to paraphrase). I'm no expert, but I'm not a n00b either [that said, I think the monkey should own the copyright on their selfie, not the camera owner, but that's opinion not law. :)] The rest if my examples, well… I don't even know enough to know if they are hard or easy. Which should be a good sign that I don't have the skills to run a business in its own right, so I'm not sure why other people are telling me I'm wrong about not being able to. It can be, but I would assume from the organic movement that for others it is a belief in healthiness of unprocessed food. Two hopefully interesting factoids: 1) The words "vegetarian" and "zoophile" used to be synonymous (because literally "animal lover"); but 2) the modern group of that name (animal fanciers) are vegetarian or vegan with exactly the same frequency as the general population, to within the margin of error of the survey. I'm a vegetarian. You might be surprised how often this comes up when people try to convince me to eat meat. Completely fails to convince anyone, of course. Most of the dissemination is digital, which isn't so helpful if there is anything that kills power supplies. Saving coal might be a good part of a global disaster recovery plan, but I think we'll need the whole plan before we can really tell if it is a useful part of one. While your witty retort made me laugh, unless you are suggesting that coal power stations are weapons designed to kill people living near them, I think you are missing the point. Schwartzchild radius is directly proportional to mass, so (if I understand correctly) it's if the energy density of a surface area rather than of a volume is too high. Counter-examples exist every time any critical infrastructure is hacked: if the systems were truly proven, they wouldn't be hackable. Proof is hard, good enough gets deployed. I believe it doesn't necessarily need to outsmart the /average/ human. Consider this scenario: * Someone makes an AI which scores only 85 on IQ tests, but which can run in real time on common consumer hardware. * It gets installed on every phone, PC, and tablet. * Someone, possibly the AI itself if is the type to generate its own goals, sets all instances of the AI the goal of convincing their user of some belief or policy or whatever. * Everyone with IQ 85 is convinced. * 16% of the population believe whatever it is the goal-setting mind wanted them to believe, at marginal cost. An election is swung, a bank suffers a run, a pyramid scheme makes millions, whatever it is. Your example is from 1977, we've had 40 years of Moore's law since then. In the time it takes for you to recognise that you're even looking at a number (~0.08 seconds), the cheapest computer you can buy (the $5 Raspberry Pi Zero) can do around 1.92 billion normal floating maths operations. Sure, 201-digit numbers are a little slower — on my laptop, in Python, I can only do that particular calculation just under one hundred million times in the fifty seconds it took her to do it once. But you're right to say calculators are single purpose devices and that's magically inserting the question. So I downloaded sklearn, which contains a set of labelled hand-written digits. It takes about 0.17-0.2 seconds for my laptop to learn to read numbers, from scratch, and thereafter it can read digits at a rate of about 8,200 per second. For reference, "a blink of an eye" is 0.1-0.4 seconds depending on who you ask. Dollar store calculator? I'd never have said that myself because I know calculators are rubbish. But in the context of "AI: Will it ever beat humans?" hell yes, it will and in many cases it already does. I think there may be a problem with the word "magical" in this context, just like there is a problem with nature-worshipers talking of "supernatural powers". If we've made a science out of it, no matter how advanced it is, it's not magic — e.g. if telekinesis was possible, it would have a scientific explanation and be a natural power — which bares some similarly to the way things are called "artificial intelligence" when they're impossible, only to be reduced to "trivial" when someone makes a machine do them: Chess, Go, having a large vocabulary or knowing many languages, being good at arithmetic or being able to do calculus at all, writing music or news stories, trading on the stock market — all things that used to be synonymous with genius, yet all done by machines we don't call intelligent. As we rapidly convert science fiction into reality, the question in my (vegetarian) mind is this: Why not genetically engineer them to not have a brain? No brain, no chance it might suffer. The bare minimum of neurons needed for staying alive — pump heart, breathe, digest food — is tiny compared to a mamillian brain. "Civilization: Beyond Earth" Live-Action Role Playing? Borg-again humans? There is, anencephaly, but it normally causes stillbirths in humans. I think (in the absence of any post-school biology qualifications) that most of the rest is necessary to keep it alive. Bones make the blood, the white blood cells stop every random infection consuming the flesh they way they make it rot when it's dead. That requires the AI has a superhuman comprehension of natural language, and even then the answer may be "nope". For example, someone I worked with kept asking for a button to be "wider", yet rejecting everything the programmer did to the button. Eventually the programer asked them to draw what they meant, and it turned out they meant "taller". The whole thing is sufficiently bizarre that I just have to assume it's an excuse to develop something more useful. If that something is cheap autonomous mining that can be sent to Mars to build a colony before anyone arrives, or a sneaky way to make very large underground nuclear bunkers that always have a surprisingly large number of random ordinary people in them, or just that Elon knows about a major valuable mineral deposit that nobody else is aware if yet, great. But if this really is just some self-driving pods that attach to your car and take you around at relatively high speeds, I don't see the "while underground" doing much for the congestion. I used to, but now I disable Javascript by default and only enable it on websites that demonstrably benefit from it. The result is, the ad-block blocking scripts never run. In the absence of counter examples, it's reasonable to assume a truly human-like intelligence needs as much down-time and sleep as a real human, and that it can be as effectively coerced with the threat of simulated prison if it breaks the rules. But the point about food and rent is very economically important if they ever get to be cheaper than human labour. Given the phrase "rush hour" exists in the English language, I think they can only reduce congestion by sharing over the whole day if workplaces are successfully encouraged to shift their starting hours away from the usual 9-5 (or 9-5:30 as it seems to be). This will, of course, also work for human-driven cars. I'm using 3G or 4G as a cheaper alternative to landline broadband. It's… acceptable, but not amazing. 20 GB per month doesn't go as far as it used to before I started watching so many YouTube videos, even though I use 144p whenever possible. Work life balance is an interesting point I had not considered. Mainly I was trying to make the point that self-driving cars won't make much difference to this specific problem , but I don't seem to have communicated that very well given the replies. The German word, "Handy" is also good. They are very handy, after all. In my case it seems to be a random anxiety. I don't want to make calls. Oddly, I'm basically OK with receiving them, thought spam calls are unreasonably annoying. Visit England some time. The UK doesn't even routinely let the police handle guns, not even pistols. And interesting perspective. What do you forsee happening when tech like this replaces the labour of those currently earning less than $1/day? Guns are extremely unpopular in the UK, so unless something insane happens like UKIP winning outright, I expect most police will remain unarmed. In fact, even if UKIP did win outright, I doubt there are enough qualified instructors to train a significant number of police with firearms in just a few months. I think there are only about 1000 officers in the UK with firearms training at the moment. Thanks. I'm not sure if that situation is a good one or a bad one, but it's good to know about. Interesting. That strongly implies that RSA has a flaw, which is news to me. I would still be surprised, but I'll concede that is far more likely that what I thought was meant. Censorship is a firewall for your brain: crude, obvious, flawed, often in the way, yet still better than nothing. Which is rather a pitty, given this metaphor makes most of our cultural baggage into unwanted and unremovable bloatware that has its own set of problems. As I understand it, human psychology is such that repetition makes things seem true. We don't get desensitised, instead we start to believe whatever we see is the way the world is, that means . I recognise that emotional response. I feel a similar way to many with Dark Triad personality traits. But, making rules for everyone on the basis of the worst of the worst makes things worse for everyone: There are people who know they have a problem, but are too afraid to seek help because they are certain that everyone else will want to kill them if their secret ever comes out. Those people might stay hidden for life, or they might get drunk, do something regrettable, and be so frightened of the consequences that they kill their victim. Dark Triad types don't think of getting caught, or so I am told. Question is, how many want to do things they recognise as immoral but are afraid to seek help to overcome? How many more seek mental stability by staying in denial, either refusing to recognise they have a problem or by refusing to believe society's condemnation? How many people could be saved by stopping people before they act, by treating humans as deeply flawed and letting the challenge be self improvement rather than simple binary good-or-evil? I don't claim to know. Could be the hypothetical groups are tiny. It's not like it's possible to measure the size of a group which by definition is hiding to the best of its ability. 20 years experience as a dog — only furries will be able to find work. I was chatting about this with a friend recently. I spent most the last 15 years thinking it was real. I can't remember. It was within a few years of me writing such a renderer on my graphics calculator, but I'm not sure which came first. Well, the UK has what is pejoratively called "Windows for Warships: https://en.m.wikipedia.org/wiki/Submarine_Command_System#SMC... All the related issues have had decades of significant research as both countermeasures and counter-countermeasures. This is essentially IFF, and my father retired from a job designing such systems for a military contractor in the late 1990s. (He'd been working on them since "software" was a brand new invention. Integrated circuits didn't exist when he started university). Likewise. I'm interested in nootropics, but have two relatives with different types of epilepsy. Estas vera. Ni devos Esperanton lerni.