i'm genuinely wondering how they managed to break something this simple in Opera. wait, basic building blocks of applications aren't features? don't worry so much about the career thing. if you're at a good and challenging spot that meets your personal needs, you'll start to shine automatically. think about what really makes you tick, and try to find a place that matches this. why are you in a startup? for the autonomy? or for the superhero feeling? for the potential big money? other way around, what of that won't you mind missing if you switch to a big company? answering these questions may help you find the kind of spots you like best. describe the workplace you'd like before giving it a name. i mean, there are middle grounds, it's not a black and white thing. i work for a 250-ish people software consultancy firm, who 'rent' me to a well-funded and well-managed 10 people startup. i have all the joys (and occasional overtime/stress) of working at a startup. this includes high degrees of autonomy ("we need something fixed here and there, kind of, to solve this and that problem. we think. you work it out.") and a cozy "us against the world" atmosphere. meanwhile, at my actual employer, i get coaching from experienced engineers and managers, a training budget, and the comfort knowing that if ever my work at the startup stops being challenging enough, i can switch projects without even quitting my job. this matches my needs, as a result of which i'm learning and growing fast. what are yours? Nice story, bad title. Unlike the US and UK legal systems, in the Netherlands, court rulings don't define new legislation. Some court may rule different in another case; judges are to only consider the law, not other rulings. > - If you think you need variables (like in SASS), you are probably thinking about it the wrong way I've yet to see CSS code for page layout without the usual awkwardness where margin-left of some element MUST equal some other element's width minus some bar's left offset, yadayada. It's for stuff like this that variables make sense. I wholeheartedly agree that if you need a variable to colour two bars and a heading orange, you're probably doing it wrong. The blog you refer to only has an example with colours, which is just too easy. I don't know where those guys live, but on my planet all resumes are communicated as PDFs. Nearly all shown examples lose some or all of their power when not in physical form. That said, it seems it's most designers' resumes so maybe that's why. I wonder what CVs could be cooked up for more technical and/or organisational positions. A github printout comes to mind. Why don't you just split into two little 37signalses when the time comes? In all the proposals / solutions mentioned here for dealing with growth while maintaining a flat culture, this is one approach I haven't seen yet. It worked well for a Dutch consultancy firm called BSO, which reached over 6000 people in the 90's, all organised into near-independent little companies of 50-ish people each, all targeting a different market, but each with the same culture and values. The firm itself was a flat company of these little companies (called "cells"), so effectively there were just 2 to 3 layers of management. ( http://www.extent.nl/articles/entry/origins-original/ if you care about the details) Nice trick, but you end up selling a LOT of readability and maintainability just to get a "cool feature". When in Rome, act like the Romans: wouldn't a nested for loop do the trick just fine, in a way any C programmer can understand? Ok, well I'm rather new here, but if 50 applications were accidentally marked as late, does that mean there were like 100+ applications overall? That's a lot of new companies. Are all these already for real, or are the bulk of them in the "programmer with an idea" stage? I had hoped that, too; as an avid Opera Mail (M2) user, this would've been awesome. I don't see why a browser vendor needs to run a webmail service so bad (also, it's not new; i had an @operamail.com address 6 years ago) on the latter example: you could also just compile that hugely useful c library as a nodejs plugin directly. Do you want high grades, or do you really want to learn something useful? If I were you, I'd not worry so much about "getting the most out of of university grades" and join the board of some student organisation instead. Or start an evening startup. You'll learn plenty difficult engineering stuff also if you get average grades. Meanwhile, you'll learn about the real world in a safe environment, without the risk of having no money to buy food if you fail. That said, if your main worry is to pass the exams at all (or to finish that report, etc), I've learned two tricks: 1) start with the easy parts. Sounds stupid, but it helps motivation tremendously. Especially works with reports etc, but you can do the same with exercises while preparing for exams. 2) Remember why you're doing this. I'll assume it's because you want to get the degree, you want to show yourself that you can take on this difficult program, because you know you can. Or something along those lines. I can't seem to access the site, and I also can't seem to shake the idea that announcing an unreachable site confirms all my stereotypes about business in Greece :-) seconded. in addition, it feels arrogant. highlight how nice and fun it is, not how super-special-awesome. nice story. paragraphs would've helped, though. true that. which immediately shows how excellent the HN community still is, because i've seen far lower points on every other social site i know. good going, guys! for me, these tools just underline how horrible regex syntax really is. I always wondered why Node.js is based on V8 in the first place; to my (limited) experience, SpiderMonkey's API is both simpler in use and better documented. Was it a speed thing in Node's early days? Cool move, nevertheless. Sounds like a pain to maintain, though. Won't you spend as much on gas driving to wherever you decide to bulk shop (Bay area isn't tiny) compared to your neighbourhood supermarket, as you'd save by bulk shopping? Cool stuff! If it works as advertized, it's basically wget plus a lot of perl/bash hacking, but then for non-programmers. I think it solves a very real problem. Basically voids a whole bunch of the infamous REBOL oneliners ( http://www.rebol.com/oneliners.html ). I guess data export options would be very important. I wonder to who they want to market this. I think the target audience willing to pay for it is very much used to working with installed enterprise software only (MS Office plus some CRM/ERP that they hate), and might be reluctant to switch over to a web application. Freemium model? sad as it is, i guess this just means the web software industry is growing up. in the high tech devices industry (consumer electronics, advanced machinery, etc), this has been the status quo for decades. there certainly are time zones with less than 500k inhabitants. if you're dropping GMT+0, it'd only be fair to drop those other time zones too! > Second, the advocated method of stying your site with Modernizr is to first make it look good assuming no "advanced features" exist and then progressively enhance. This ensures that the failure of Modernizr to load will leave you with what you started with. I think the big problem and why separation of concerns matters is that people don't design a site once and then let it be. Most frontend developers maintain already existing sites, across new features, new browser versions and new end user expectations. You can't apply that "advocated method" there, or at least you can't do so equally well. I guess that simply disabling Modernizr when adding new design elements until things are good enough, and then enabling it for the "advanced features" could be a work around. I've yet to see such a disciplined workflow somewhere, however. Nevertheless, I agree with you that it's the least ugly option available. Maybe making it easier for a developer to temporarily disable modernizr helps styling with the "prefer good styling with no advanced features" approach. The first blog comment somehow underlines the truth in this post: > You’re such a dick, Scott. Nice idea. It seems like a workaround for HTTP's one-request-per-file problem, rendering it useless once HTTP gets "fixed". Will this be useful once something like SPDY gets commonplace? Only his response to the AVS question in http://acko.net/blog/on-termkit#comment-4240 made me realise exactly how powerful this premise is. TermKit could become my OS of choice. thread tl;dr: boring post, let's discuss beer instead. don't confuse naivety with pr: she's talking on record there. barring a few nutjobs, i've the idea most politicians are significantly less naive than they let show. all security i've seen depends on the obscurity of passwords. There is no difference, except in how easily things are spread and cached and logged (i.e. the only reason to not put passwords in URL query strings) Socially awkward people are seldomly "clay candidates". > Ask me to reverse the order of words in a string and you'll get: "Words in a string".split(" ").reverse.join(" ") #=> "string a in Words" Which is, of course, the best answer you could provide. Unless you're applying for programming microcontrollers, that is. C has modules all right. A .c/.h file pair is essentially what many other languages call a module, and have all the problems that the modules in Joe Armstrong's fibonacci example also has. Wonderful how if something is long ago enough, expansionist powerplay and useless collateral damage becomes "truly magnificient". Unfortunately, they're not. Nothing here either (Opera 11, Windows). Seriously guys, Sproutcore is so horribly not-cross-browser that it's a joke. Please stop making sites with it. Didn't 236759 people already make this? Smells like vaporware. I never really trust it when people first make a blog and a domain and a fancy headline and a fancy logo, and write prose with lots of "will be's" and "will have's", all without showing anything substantial. I'll assume that there's a reason why you wrote "across a large number of browsers, including IE7 and IE8" in reply to a comment about Opera? I must admit I haven't checked right now, but at least a few months ago the site was all about how awesome Sproutcore is, but accidentally neglected to mention that there are common browsers on which it does not work. I had to install and try to use it to figure that out. IMHO this is a serious attitude problem; launch first, make work later. That's all right if you're open about what's missing, but the Sproutcore site makes promises ("it works") that it can't keep. This is what Microsoft has always done, and afair it's the only company to ever have really succeeded at it: make a piece of software accessible and understandable for novices, yet powerful enough for power users. Office has this. Windows has always had this. If any company can actually make something that works great on very different devices, it's Microsoft. Scala oneliners: "Multiply a list by 2" REBOL oneliners ( http://www.rebol.com/oneliners.html ): "Open a GUI, read web page, send it as email" Site seems down. If getting HN'ed already kills a service like this, it's not very reliable. Not something I'd want to depend on for this kind of service. Oh man, and I just coded essentially the same (with persistence through, for we need history) with CouchDB over the last 2 months. If only you'd have launched a bit sooner! ps. Maybe it's me, but 2 hours ago your site worked great in Opera, and now the design seems broken. If you changed some CSS, then that might be it :) If this works out, it basically also means Scala->JavaScript through emscripten ( https://github.com/kripken/emscripten ). Slow, probably, and probably with nearly impossible interfacing with the DOM and JS libraries, but still - pretty cool The current CLR version is definitely not at production quality like the JVM version, and afaik it never was. At a recent talk in the Netherlands, Martin Odersky also basically admitted that there's still a fairly long way until the CLR version is really at production quality, and even then it will probably keep lagging behind the JVM version. So surely you're right about intention, but that's also about all it is. Nice story. People still do this stuff by the way, for example in 4k democoding. E.g. how these guys put an entire world (+ music) in 4 kilobytes: http://www.pouet.net/prod.php?which=50063 ('download' for the Windows executable) Or use an email client with a horizontally split screen. Damn, I read "One of the coolest eruptions from Sun you'll ever see. This happened today." I was like finally, closures in java! Not sure which 'this' you're referring to, but my joke is now at 38 points. Does it really matter? They're just points. And don't worry, i'm still not able to downvote people :) We use OpenOffice at work. Aside what the others said, it has horrible automatiritis, worse that old Word versions. Example: I have a "Heading 1" style at 20pt, bold, italic. Start a new line at the end of a document, choose "Heading 1", OOo decides to make it 20pt, bold, but not italic. No idea why. Style setting is correct. Only fix is manually adding italic markup to the text. Just an idea, no clue if it has any value: I know that at least a fair bunch of US startups have teams that are highly geographically distributed, incl all over the US or even across contintents. Bandcamp, Banksimple and Stackexchange come to mind, probably many more. Can't you apply with companies like that and work from home? It gets you into contact with the kind of cool guys that you can't find in your area (which might help you stand the local folk better too), gets you some income, and gives you some additional purpose because you're working on a cool product. Seems like two erfectly sensible points to me. Why did people downvote this without even bothering to comment on why? Quite the talent buyout I'd say: they're actually convincing people to move to Palo Alto from Amsterdam . That's not particularly Mountain View. Surprising, too; If some BigCo would buy the company I work for and ask me to pretty please move across the pond, I'd reconsider inf times. It's kind of sad that the skill demonstrated here is often the most important skill of a programmer: solving problems with the simplest approach possible. unfortunately, many companies fail to acknowledge that the real superstars are these people, and not the people who'd say "ok, but i'll need a 3 person team and 2 months". Well, that's demotivating. I always thought that producing OSS was a matter of hadcking something awesome and putting it on github with a nice readme. Turns out you have to read a 300 page book first. That assumes someone has live access to your email. If someone has a recent enough dump (or simply a mail you forwarded yourself, because you didn't understand the security implications), then the "forgot password" button does really provide more security than login tokens inside the URL. Meh. The author implies that farmers are likelier to have no clue about computers than people who "would buy their fruit online". That's just nonsense, and it illustrates that the author has a very 1950's idea about farming. Farming in western coutries these days is about running lean and highly automated businesses on tiny margins. Virtually all professional farmers are comfortable using computers and specialized software. > Furthermore, when offering direct login links you are training your users to not remember their passwords. Come to think of it, that sounds very convenient. How about a security model that links an account only to an email address? This implies that anyone who can read that email account can log in. For many purposes, this might be fine. You could do without those nasty passwords entirely then. Logging in from a new computer without cookies stored means having yourself a new "log me in" email sent. Sucks if you have to open your email just for that, but then again, for some services, this might seldomly be a problem because of their email-oriented nature. > I might as well put my password on a post-it and stick it to my monitor. Hey, guess what my mom does. if you want to go to a link called "14 comments", start with typing "14". I think you get the blank stares because half the interviewees don't know what "pessimal" means. TL;DR: Author had a deadline to meet so he wrote about how nobody, himself included, knows whether or not Facebook will be big and awesome forever. Attached a catchy title for the pageviews that his performance will be judged by. i must admit i'm somewhat impressed how fast the hackers and cheaters managed to take over bitcoin trading. i think it's kind of cute. people hoped for an economy no government could control, and got exactly that: anarchy and a burning world. > Of course it might be possible that the computer of the person who sold the Bitcoin was cracked. But that's not the fault of Bitcoin. Just like it's not the fault of the dollar if someone mugs you at gunpoint. Except robbing someone typically requires you to take physical risks and (threaten to) use violence. I'll be very curious to see any effective way of tracking down bitcoin thieves. If you have to be a security expert to own more than a few dollars worth of bitcoins, the project has effectively failed already. > You should be willing to cut out features that aren't used. How about the features that everybody wants but weren't marketed / made accessible well? In other words, I think such a statement (as well as a fair part of the article) are too simple. How do you know people just don't want the feature, but can find it and understand it? The extreme example of this is an entire product. If a product has few users, because it has recently launched or was just badly marketed, does that mean you should cut all features, i.e. the entire product? Genuine (almost entirely off-topic) question: why the indirect link? You're only mad because you don't know anything about the company that used to own ING Direct (a Dutch bank called ING, currently heavily state supported because of over the top cowboy banking). if you can always legally access the book, which will for sure be available to you in that drawer, then the hotel key you stole must be a closure. A closure is the hotel room key that you kept so you could always access all items you hid in there, and the hotel personnel cooperating with the whole ordeal. Why the hell does this site need to be able to read my Twitter direct messages for me to be able to cast a vote? This article made me realize that to enterprises, what SaaS really sells is not the ease of (or lack of) deployment, but the disability for IT departments like these to control deployment at all. i liked the examples. a typography noob, this was mostly new to me, and made me think about how small things do really matter. Wait, I don't get it. The title is about laying visualization like music, and the text is about implementing game of life? Didn't everybody and their little brother do that once, on the then-current platform of choice? Then do a startup in Eindoven. On the international scale of things, Eindhoven is a suburb of Amsterdam. Or the other way around. People don't live in SF and work in San Jose much, either. That said, my underbelly feeling is that Eindhoven is getting a nice startup scene, slowly swelling, though mostly focused on devices and not so much on software. But in all honesty I don't think there's much of a difference. Whether my startup buddies make html5 apps or the next revolution in fitness machinery, we face much of the same kinds of problems. Addendum: I think Eindhoven might have near virgin hiring grounds. Thousands of brilliant people currently work at a small number of high-tech BigCo's, spending a week on fixing two bugs in 30M lines of unmaintainable C code (I'm talking to you, ASML). Some of these must know, deep inside, that things can be better. I think that a startup that grows a fair bit past ramen profitability has a lot to offer to these kinds of people. The biggest problem is how to get the word out. Are you going to post new Appsterdam articles every day now? If you approach someone in Dutch speaking with a (non-middle eastern) accent, people will switch to English without asking. It's horribly annoying really, learning the language (and thus really picking up the oh so important subtleties in professional and private life) is made really difficult this way. People often explain it as kindness, but it's really just plain rude laziness: for many Dutch people, speaking slow and clear Dutch requires a lot more energy than upspeed English. Let alone listening to and trying to understand broken Dutch. Cool stuff. However, something mostly entirely offtopic that I genuiunely wonder about: it seems everybody registers a .com just to make a HN post. What's the point of this? Why not post the same data on your blog? Paper.js admits to not supporting IE http://paperjs.org/about/ ). Other browser support is not even listed. I guess this means that it's not usable for most serious end-user apps now. This article surprises me. I'm Dutch and I always thought that in the US, everybody had super awesome broadband for nearly no money. Not sure why, though. woa, is that http://documentcloud.github.com/visualsearch/ in those screenshots? if so, wow for fast adoption. I don't think most posters in this thread realise how many flat-out nutcases there are out there. My girlfriend's 90+ year old grandma used to be occasionally harassed on the phone because she was listed as "Maria Lastname" in the phone book (in Denmark, where this is common). I can only assume that the callers didn't expect her to be 90+. The harassments stopped a while after she changed it to "M. Lastname". My conclusion: some people will go pretty far to get in touch with the other gender. If people want to hide their gender online, they should be given the possibility to. Please blame the messenger. See http://www.ilo.gw.utwente.nl/ilo/index.php?option=com_conten... for the M.Sc. thesis' conclusions. Notably: Students read the reading tests EMT and Klepel twice. Once printed in the font Arial and once in the font “Dyslexie”. The order was randomly assigned and in-between the reading tests an auditory task was fulfilled. Thus, the study measured whether Dyslexie reads better than Arial. Maybe Georgia reads even better. http://news.ycombinator.com/item?id=2756870 Love it. I would like to be able to easily send thoughts to it from random places and devices, though. How about via email and/or SMS? I doubt you'll make an app for my Nokia anytime soon, but having to start up a mobile browser just for logging a thought will probably be a blocker. hmm, it's like twitter with only your future selves as followers. nice! You might appreciate what Jerry Neumann has to say about that: http://reactionwheel.blogspot.com/2011/04/advertising-fallac... Short quote: "In that case, if I put an ad in front of someone, and that person decides to click it, then I must be solving a very difficult problem indeed. ", but the article is best read entirely. Cool. Is anyone outside Facebook currently using this? At a quick glance, I like the focus on workflows rather than on features. Everytime I see an article like this, of this length, all to explain a single git command, I get the feeling that git (and all other decent SCM tools at that) are way too complex. It's well written and well illustrated, but I feel like I shouldn't have to read that much just to learn a basic feature of a tool that's supposed to exist to help me. Is this just me? Of course, the feeling is strengthened by the fact that I still don't completely grok git, but shouldn't a tool that's there to help me be easier to grok? I understood dropbox in 1 minute. I learnt TDD in 3 hours. Why should (distributed) version control be so much more difficult? I don't know how, just wondering if I'm the only guy who feels like this. I think it's a bit of a non-issue. It's really about time we get IDEs that allow us to hands-on manipulate the AST of a language, rather than edit text. In such an idea, displaying the That said, given that Scala doesn't have operators at all (just infix methods that are named with a series of symbol characters), isn't ← just implemented as an alias to I'm convinced that indeed it's worth spending more time to grok [git/hg/bzr] and really get the power out of it, but I just can't shake the feeling that somehow, it should be possible to make something with the same benefits that works much easier. I was hoping that maybe Kiln is exactly that, but from their promo-page all I can see is a rant about how cool DVCSs are, and not much about how Kiln makes Hg easier. There you go. What's a "branch tag"? What do labels do in "trees of nodes"? Mind, I don't mind tackling this kind of complexity when I do algorithms for getting something done. I'm perfectly capable of understanding what you mean if I'd really invest the time in it that I should. But why do I need to do such (relatively) complex yet abstract thinking when I want store a README, undo a mistake and then share it all with a colleague? True that, and that's what I do (well, I don't type that command but I right-click in Explorer and choose Git Commit, but I see your point). I guess the difference is that if there's something that Word can do that I want to figure out, there's good Help and I can get pretty far by scanning the menus. With git, good help exists too (in the form of blog posts like this article), except that the concepts are significantly more complex than those involved in making automatically numbered chapter headings. In short, to my experience figuring out how to do something non-trivial with Word is exploration. Figuring out how to do something non-trivial with Git is more like studying an advanced CS class. Argh, dah. Forgot that :) > It's one of the great things about Git; without it, you wouldn't be able to create commits from a subset of the difference between your working directory and HEAD. I never understood that. I can do this just fine even with TortoiseSVN. Just click "commit" and select the files you want to include in this commit. I don't see how I need to keep yet another data structure / piece of "state" in the back of my head for that. I definitely don't see why I have to look for an alternate career because of that. Am I missing something? I'm amazed at what people in the US earn. Seems like the Netherlands is a developing country after all. I'm rather certain that my employer rates me in at least what you describe as the "under 100k" range, but I earn 40k euros per year. Do you guys all go on holidays to Latin America 3x per year? And have six broadscreen TVs? And villas with seaside views? Or is a 1 liter bottle of coke just also 10$ in the US? The thing I liked about standard pace was that I had plenty of time to fail in boards of student societies, events organizing and an own company and whatnot. I always wonder a bit whether the people who skip years and study super-fast really know anything about the world. I once made a similar (but less real language-like) site to fool spambots on my now-defunct web consultancy's page ( http://www.resolution.nl/food if you care). The idea was that if a crawler that searches the internet for email addresses to spam would fill its DB with bogus, after which, hopefully, the spammer would simply dump that day's result in annoyance, including our real email address. Never figured out whether that really worked but it was fun to make. What did work, however, was fool a searchbot: The whole thing got me a very angry mail from a Dutch search engine team (ilse.nl) whose bot had been stuck on it for an entire day. I had no robots.txt (didn't even know what it was), which the search engine team decided was a really nasty case of lack of netiquette. Correct, which is why I laughed. Isn't the whole point of Lorem Ipsum to move the reader's attention away from the text? This text does precisely the opposite. What need does this solve? Their homepage ( http://www.veracity-scm.com/ ) lists a feature comparison chart, but that it has "user accounts" and "SHA-2" does not really help me figure out why I need this.