It's basically been done (ish). Freenet's one, there are probably more, but you give up a lot in exchange. Freenet can be pretty slow and you need to find trusted people to bootstrap yourself into the network. You can't host dynamic content, either. Yeah, it works on my terrible featurephone, and delivers a really extraordinarily good web experience all things considered. It's like a keyhole to the internet, except it renders everything more or less perfectly, unlike every other featurephone browser ever. The standard intuitive explanation seems pretty easy and worthwhile: Two sets are the same size if and only if you can pair members up. {1, 2, 3} and {4, 5, 6}, obviously. {1, 3, 5...} and {2, 4, 6...} are too, you can pair them up (1, 2) (3, 4) (5,6) ... But some sets aren't the same size; you can't pair them up. It's easy if they're both finite, or one is infinite. If both are infinite, well, if they're not the same size, one has to be larger: there are elements in one that are "left over" after trying to pair them up. That's the bigger one. Cantor proved that this does, in fact, happen. The reals can't be paired up with integers. Yeah, but you can describe many incomputable numbers. Indescribable numbers are not the incomputable numbers- Chaitin's constant's a nice one, it's the proportion of Turing machines that halt. Described. Now, compute it... Neat, but SuperGenPass does this better- has a bookmarklet with configurable salt, and it's based off the domain name, not the service, so you can't get into ambiguities (Gmail, GMail, gmail?) http://supergenpass.com/ That said, the options for disallowed characters is nice. Yeaaaah, you could probably fall afoul of the CFAA with this one... See: weev. Edit: Ahh, I see you're based outside the US, carry on. Personally I had the idea a while back for a sort of time-release dead drop. Stuff a Raspberry Pi into a fake power strip, put your seekrit information onto the SD card, and go plug it in somewhere in a city you 'happen' to be passing through, near to a public wifi spot. Then a year later it wakes up and uploads the data publicly via Tor and self-wipes. Even if it's traced back to the Pi, they'll have to trace the Pi back to you (you bought it untraceably, right?). Your employer could MITM all your SSL connections just by installing their own cert installed on the machine, so yeah. I'm not exactly an expert, but this reads like creepypasta. This looks fantastic. I make gifs out of pictures I take on burst mode and these would be beyond perfect for presenting them. (try it at a party, it's much more fun than static pictures, also for posed group shots) I'm waiting for flexible color solar-powered wireless e-ink displays to give the full "Harry Potter" moving-picture effect, but they're a few years out! Wikipedia is not infallible but it says Sanskrit sources had one or two digits of pi: "In India around 600 BC, the Shulba Sutras (Sanskrit texts that are rich in mathematical contents) treat π as (9785/5568)2 ≈ 3.088. In 150 BC, or perhaps earlier, Indian sources treat π as sqrt(10) ≈ 3.1622." Anyway, the source the linked article cites is http://www.vedicsciences.net/articles/vedic-mathematics.html which notes It must be pointed out that these sutras given by Tirtha Maharaja are created by the author himself, as stated in the introduction to his book, "Vedic Mathematics" (published posthumously) and are therefore not actually Vedic. These mathematical sutras are Vedic only in the sense that they are inspired by the Vedas in the mind of one dedicated to the Vedas. Thus the title "Vedic Mathematics" is not correct. Yeh but how long does it last? This ball was designed specifically because normal soccer balls fall apart: http://www.oneworldfutbol.com/ I kind of think a hand-crank is going to break down less often and be much easier to repair by hand. "Whelp, the bear ate our nightlight" is not going to go over well. Arguably, such a methodology would be unusable anyway: http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Bonini's_paradox My first instinct is that you're right- at least, I don't think it can be any more powerful than an LBA: if there's a finite number of state transitions it can make, then it can only actually "get to" a certain distance along the tape, and you can just chop the tape at that point. If there is a simple condition I prefer "while condition" because it makes the code easier to read: I can tell (roughly) when the loop is supposed to exit without reading the contents of the loop and scanning for a break. This line in MUMPS is not only valid, it also actually does something potentially useful: s:foo'="" foo(foo)=foo It's actually a bit tricky to explain what it does. Everything in MUMPS is effectively a tree. Each tree has a value in the "root node" and you can set it like this: set foo="hello" You can also put data deeper into the tree: set foo("fizz")="buzz" So if something is passed to you and you want to know if you can treat it as a string, you test to see if it's a null string: if foo'="" do [something] ('= means !=) Two more features: 1) Almost every directive can be reduced to one letter. 2) If I want to quit based on a condition, I can do either if condition quit or quit:condition So the line above is more legibly written as if foo'="" set foo(foo)=foo So if foo="bar", it's equivalent to: set foo("bar")="bar" No mention of lambda calculus? Lisp is to Lambda Calculus as Pascal is to Turing Machines. More or less. Oh, beaten to the punch in the article's comments. Carry on. The NSA can just crack into your servers abroad, if they want to; no warrants required. Admittedly they'd have to work a bit harder if it's not in a jurisdiction friendly to them, but breaking into foreign servers is basically their job. If people running the company in question still hold US citizenship or keep money in the US, the US legal system can still reach them unless they never want to go home. You might like Thue; it operates solely on replacement rules and is trivially an unrestricted grammar: http://esolangs.org/wiki/Thue Whee, looks like fun! Adanaxis[1] is a 4 dimensional space shooter- only sort of playable but still fun. http://www.mushware.com/ If they used a cryptographic signature, they could detect ticket tampering without networking the barcode readers. I'd be somewhat surprised if they actually did that, but it would make it much harder to forge them. You can't feel, smell, or touch anything, for one. The dynamic range of the display won't match what you would see outside, either. That was fun. If you like this sort of thing, "Heavy Planet"[1] is a good hard scifi book set on Mesklin, a fictional super-Earth which spins fast enough to make gravity significantly less at the equator. It's also a good adventure story, if you like 1950s scifi. [1] http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Mesklin In some cases it makes sense. Date, number and measurements vary a lot between English speaking countries. Now, you'd probably just geolocate but still- locale is more than language. An American Flag can give you an en-US locale, a UK flag, en-GB, etc since English is a pretty good guess for the language they want. You can't compare 2^-160 with a number with a unit attached- it's meaningless. 2^-160 meters is smaller than the planck length, but 2^-160 isn't. If your unit is "the volume of the observable universe" you get a pretty large volume (on a human scale, anyway): https://www.wolframalpha.com/input/?i=%282^-160%29+*+%28the+... edit: oh, the units came from the grand-parent post to yours, but wouldn't the correct conversion be "2^-160 earth's surface-areas"? That's actually bigger than the planck area- but still stupid small. https://www.wolframalpha.com/input/?i=%28The+surface+area+of... Language is completely different for kids. They don't so much learn language as acquire* it- it's not, generally, effortful. They just do it. * http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Language_acquisition Also, http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Critical_period_hypothesis Lambda calculus is a rigorous mathematical way to define what "computation" even means. You need something -like- Lambda calculus to even begin reasoning about computation mathematically. First thing that comes to mind- not a lawyer but: It's probably going to be harder to force you to divulge a password in a court case than to just subpoena the piece of paper with your password on it and the computer with the 1PW database. LastPass doesn't require copy-paste on many websites- it can fill on click, or automatically. It's slick and very fast. I leave it logged in so I don't need to type my master password more than once every few days on my home machine. The newest LastPass version on Android can auto-fill in apps, too. On websites that I've enabled 2FA on, I let LastPass autofill (no clicks) and pulling up Google Authenticator on my phone is what takes time. The problem with using SMS as your only authentication is, what do you use for your second factor? I suppose a PIN would work. SMSes are also trivial to intercept: imagine the national telco silently routes some login SMSes that were going to a number on a list to the local internal security agency. The user just gets no SMS (or a code that doesn't work), assumes something went wrong on the network, and asks for another one. Meanwhile the "baddies" have logged in already and snaffled up the information they want. What I want is to be able to use Google Authenticator as my only authentication, plus a PIN for slightly sensitive sites and a long password for very sensitive sites (and to disable my phone from a distance). MetaFilter is a web forum that charges $5 to create an account. Between that and aggressive but professional moderation, spam basically doesn't happen since a couple of obvious spam comments and you're permabanned. However, it limits the user population to people with a debit card and $5 to spend. A bitcoin-based solution right now would be even more restrictive, since apart from buying bitcoin in person, you pretty much need a bank account to acquire them. It's fairly close to the maximum theoretical rise, if all the ice melted (~80m, apparently)[0]. Also, here are some interesting maps, including Earth with 66m rise, Mars with oceans, and more[1]. [0] http://pubs.usgs.gov/fs/fs2-00/ [1] http://www.johnstonsarchive.net/spaceart/cylmaps.html Unless you know magic exists and works, postulating "magic" fails Occam's Razor, since you're needlessly postulating that magic exists as part of your explanation. The hypothesis that an iPhone works by elecricity and clever engineering- since we have similar objects like TVs that work that way- is favored by Occam's razor. You're right that it doesn't seem like you can apply Occam's razor to the falling rock. Really it seems like an example of Bayesian reasoning: we know the prior probability of someone coming anywhere near a falling space rock is very, very small. We know the probability of a piece of grit falling out of a chute is orders of magnitude larger. Shakey video evidence by itself barely shifts our confidence that it actually was a meteor. Honestly I'd love to know what tech they used to print the images out back in 1967. With a long history of having 30+ speakers at our events, the idea was proposed that we enforce a 1:1 ratio of men and women for our speakers. Yes, finding 15 qualified women is basically impossible, so why even try? /s password1234 50%: Sufficient a12345678910 92%: Exceptional So, they try to give you negative points for "sequential numbers" but you get more points for having numbers than you lose, so it's useless. As long as you have a 12-character string with at least one number and one letter, your password will probably pass. "he carried into adulthood the concomitant problems in relating to others—and very pertinently to women—ensuring the prerequisite internal pool of frustrations essential for lateral thinking" I don't think this follows at all, honestly. Frustration begets more frustration, not lateral thinking. I've seen things you people wouldn't believe... Marquee tags on fire off the shoulder of Geocities. I watched blink tags glitter in the dark near Tannhäuser.com. All those websites will be lost in time, like tears in rain... There's biannual/biennial: think quick, which means twice a year and which means every two years? http://en.wiktionary.org/wiki/biannual / http://en.wiktionary.org/wiki/biennial The trailer never characterizes the Bombe as a computer, CumberTuring calls it a machine for decryption. It could be worse: the last time Hollywood took a crack at this story ("Enigma"), they invented a mathematician, gave him Turing's accomplishments, but made him not gay, and the only Pole on screen was a baddie. I don't have particularly high hopes for this one, though. I don't find CumberTuring's performance in the trailer engaging- he's playing Generic Cumberbatch Character #9. Keira Knightley just looks like Keira Knightley, not a woman in 1943. Read it again. That's not the argument. The argument is roughly: Either the observer's choice of measurements of the particle is completely determined by prior events, and the observer has no free will, or the observer can at his or her whim pick a way to measure the particle. If the latter, then the particle must be able to, also at whim, pick which spin to be measured at. He never assumes that the observer is made of particles. > “It’s our job to make sure people feel safe and in control,” he says. So people just have to feel 'safe and in control,' rather than making sure they are actually safe and/or in control? It sounds like an admission that the whole anonymity thing is just a marketing gimmick: as long as you have a name like "Secret" and make people feel like they're safe, they'll share whether or not they have strong security at all. Particulate pollution kills people and causes suffering, mostly to women and children. http://www.who.int/mediacentre/factsheets/fs292/en/ Over 4 million people die prematurely from illness attributable to the household air pollution from cooking with solid fuels. More than 50% of premature deaths among children under 5 are due to pneumonia caused by particulate matter (soot) inhaled from household air pollution. This is exactly right: when rotating in 4D, you can rotate "around" a plane, leaving it in place. You can also rotate around a line (permuting the other three axes). So, in the video. The Z axis doesn't change (up and down) so that's one axis. The other one that doesn't change is at a 45 degree angle from lower left to upper right. Watch the tree: it is just as wide along this axis as it was before. Everything else sort of smoooshes around but that plane stays the same. I suggest interested people check out adanaxis, a 4D space shooter. It's not particularly playable, but it is true four-dimensional space with four-dimensional spaceships zipping around. MRI imaging is effectively harmless (unlike, say, CT scans, which might cause harm). The alternative is a about a 40% chance of survival without the drug. With the drug, maybe it will be higher, but maybe it will be lower. We don't actually know (though this new trial is very encouraging). A bad drug could also cause suffering beyond what Ebola causes: even if the patient was going to die anyway, it could make their death even more painful. There are worse monopolies, I guess. The 83+/84+ has good software and is neigh indestructible. The physical interface is very good and beats a touch screen. A TI calculator fast enough to run NumPy to build simulations and interactive gizmos would be super cool though. Allowing students to build colorful mathematical animations and physics simulations using simple building blocks would be awesome. Of course that can all be done with laptops but having things in the palm of your hand shouldn't be underestimated. Surprisingly (to me), most citizens of Britain are not technically "British subjects." http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/British_subject > "they will still be EU members after all" Last I heard, they'll have to apply to get in, which could take five years. http://uk.reuters.com/article/2014/09/08/uk-scotland-indepen... I think it changed when Google started enforcing that sites can't present different content to Googlebot (to show up in results) then live users (to try and make them register once they click through). Quantum systems can be simulated by classical computers, but the growth of the problem is exponential. If you can leverage actual quantum systems to do the work, then you can take a shortcut, for certain classes of problems. > In a way, it is like answering questions about airplane design by studying a model airplane in a wind tunnel – solving problems with a physical simulation rather than a digital computer. By and large, "organic" in the US is regulated and has a specific meaning. It's probably the only term that actually is, though. How heavily enforced this is, I don't know. http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Organic_certification#United_St... Indeed. I skimmed and thought "Wait, we're using imaginary numbers now? What?" and then realized it just meant "this is an integer." I'm not a philosopher, but this sounds awfully like embodied mathematics: Mathematical ideas grow from embodied experience plus metaphor. Lakoff and Nuñez's "Where Mathematics Comes From" is an extended effort at demonstrating that this can be done in a convincing way. This[0] twitter account GigaNews links to makes mention of "FBI agent Scott Kibbey" and has been tweeting stuff like this for months: Angel Vehuel counters the demon appearing as an angel that teaches geometry, speaks of hidden things,& causes anger. Eg:@Windows &@BillGates See our tweets to know why the counterfeit food, the so-called #MightyWings from @McDonalds are dedicated to a winged bull demon of Hell. https://twitter.com/AngelicPsalms/status/438490809164263425 [0] https://twitter.com/AngelicPsalms/status/509857806057762816 Which seems pretty off the rails. Poe's Law and all that, but still... This is basically the "just world" fallacy writ large, right? Does anyone else remember when Flash could execute arbitrary Javascript in the containing page? That was super fun. Attempting to sandbox user-supplied Javascript just seems like an exercise in futility. I guess Go is doing well enough sharing a name with an ancient board game, and the two languages are occasionally compared, so it's a bit fitting that way. There was an article on this a while back that Egyptologists had interpreted it as depicting something ceremonial- something like breaking champagne bottles across ships' bows. Having scientific evidence that wetting the sand ahead of the sledges -could- have eased transport is pretty nice evidence that that's what the picture depicts, but without something corroborating its efficacy, it was just a plausible interpretation. He was kind of a big deal in the Old Testament as a Baddie and Wikipedia says his story was well-known, especially in Islam and Judaism. > The story of Abraham's confrontation with Nimrod did not remain within the confines of learned writings and religious treatises, but also conspicuously influenced popular culture. http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Nimrod#The_evil_Nimrod_vs._the_... Flask. Flask Flask Flask. It's well-documented, in Python, and you can push it to Heroku easy as pie. You can add things like templates (they're built in, and can be really simple) or just concatenate HTML the old-fashioned way. You can program very imperatively and work up to abstractions. It's very friendly. I haven't seen it used as an introductory "language" but I feel like it would work well. eval() calls the interpreter that's running the current code with some arbitrary string. The code that's interpreting it is not Javascript; you can't poke around and change it without recompiling whatever binary it is. Implementing Javascript in Javascript lets you quickly play with new features: you can add features to the toy interpreter more easily than nodejs. There's a long tradition of self-hosting compilers: C is compiled with programs that were written in C. PyPy is a Python interpreter written in Python (actually RPython but it's a subset of Python). http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/History_of_compiler_constructio... >These figures take into account the fact that many cases go undetected, and estimate that there are actually 2.5 times as many as reported. Containment IS about hearts and minds. If you have the trust of the people- if they trust that Ebola is real, that healthcare workers are not out to get them, that they can go to a hospital and receive care- then this outbreak might be containable. When you don't have trust, you get dead healthcare workers: http://www.bbc.co.uk/news/world-africa-29256443 Fighting ebola has been compared to fighting an insurgency, and I think the comparison is quite apt. You can't win with force alone. I was working on the assumption that environment would be already set up for them. Setting up Apache to test stuff locally, getting FTP set up to get into your remote server, etc is all a pain with PHP too. Once everything is set up, it's two-ish commands to commit and push to somewhere like Heroku. And no, I haven't taught beginners at all, I'll fess up to that. I've learned alongside them, though. PHP is a perfectly cromulent language/framework for this sort of thing, but something like Flask could be just as accessible. To me? Yes and no. Yes I've taught precisely 0 students. No, I'm not at all upset with teaching PHP, I coded up my fair share of awful PHP web apps. My first favorite language was ActionScript which everyone loves to hate! But at the time, nothing beat PHP and ActionScript/Flash for simple, fun web development for beginners. I think something like Flask might be a worthy successor. Heck it even includes a webserver, no need to fiddle with installing Apache to test stuff locally. And with services like Heroku the barrier to getting it online is almost as low as PHP. A lot of the modern changes are a difference in size or extent, but not in kind. I mean to say: A small hard drive replacing a massive hard drive is very, very useful. But it's not, by itself, any smarter than the magnetic core storage that filled a room. You could ask your Nokia dumbphone for the weather using a text message 15 years ago. People were wiring their home lighting systems into the internet by the early 2000s. Of course, it was more ad-hoc and expensive then. Now you can go down to Best Buy and buy a home automation kit for a few hundred dollars. The miniaturization and extension of digital technology into every part of our lives and waking moments is extraordinary. But it's not, by itself, much of a guarantee that we'll see strong AI. It's probably necessary but not sufficient. This is massively inspiring. Huge PR boon for India, and they obviously deserve it. Super happy about this. Welcome to the interplanetary club! Some fancier canned food now has "BPA free!" labels if you're worried about it. http://bpafreecannedfood.wordpress.com/bpa-free-canned-food-... If you could provide reliable electricity and water for 300 million people for $74m ($0.25 per head) then you might have a point, but it's not really a lot of money for a country as large as India. Outdoor defecation is a huge problem in India. It's very much a cultural thing, though obviously access to attractive facilities is a huge problem too. http://www.economist.com/news/asia/21607837-fixing-dreadful-... > Evidence is growing that India must urgently correct its cultural practices, though it is sensitive to say so. Studies of India’s population show how since at least the 1960s child mortality rates have consistently been higher in Hindu families than Muslim ones—though Muslims typically are poorer, less educated and have less access to clean water Bitcoin is perfect for this. Each relay can publish a Bitcoin address, and the subsequent distribution by OnionTip can be confirmed by looking at the blockchain to see who they split the donations between. TOR enthusiasts and Bitcoin holders probably overlap an awful lot. You could do this without a middleman, though. Can't you set up bitcoin transactions with multiple outputs? A-bikes are cheaper and already exist, fold up smaller and let you sit down. I've never actually ridden one, but they seem to fill a similar space. http://www.a-bike.net/ Mind you, if you're not in the UK you'll have to pay for shipping. This isn't even news, it's a press release. Some people have more than one real name. Heck, I know people with three or four plausible "real names." You don't even need to do that. The USB key can just announce to the computer "Hi I'm a USB hub. I have a keyboard and a USB flash drive plugged into me." This article is another that calls it a "GPS." Which it very specifically isn't: it's a local positioning system. It doesn't do what GPS does (give you an absolute location) and it does a lot more than GPS (tells you what the place means to you). It's just a terrible metaphor, alongside "eyes are like cameras," "the brain is like a computer," etc. If you do like jinja, it's Flask's 'native' template engine. > You do not have to be an expert in healthcare or infectious disease to contribute ideas for life-saving solutions. While that might be true, I really doubt this is the sort of situation where smart amateurs are likely to do much good. Remember all the crazy ideas for halting the Deepwater Horizon spill? None of them went anywhere. It was smart engineers who devised the eventual procedure to cap the well. > Together we share stories and inspiration from around the world. I mean, sure that might make people feel better, but I'm struggling to see how it helps. Nobody has ever faced an Ebola outbreak remotely like this before. The small group of people who have ever dealt with Ebola are experts already, and presumably don't need a bespoke Grand Challenge to give their input. > highlight the micro-challenges embedded in the larger Ebola epidemic They are "micro" insofar as they are "marginally smaller than the whole problem" but "Strengthen Health Care Capacity" is such an enormous problem by itself it's sort of laughable to call it a "micro-challenge"! Most of the ideas currently are "make PPEs less terrifying" and, while I agree that that's a great idea, right now they just need craptons more of them distributed to the healthcare workers who need them. Other brilliant ideas include "what if fasting makes Ebola go away," "Can we just use 3D printers to print hospitals?" "What about an Ebola symptom-tracking app?" That's a bit freaky. I more-or-less expect my ISP to see all my DNS queries, but not my router manufacturer. Isn't there a 'Secure Golden Key' at the base of DNSSEC? I guess the damage would be somewhat less if that key was exposed, but still. I assume the idea is to replicate the experience of projecting your vacation slides onto the wall and forcing your loved ones to watch? Optogenetics only works if you can genetically engineer the nerve cells to respond to light. Gene therapy is still... iffy, at this point. I mean really all you need to show is the picture: http://www.fiftythree.org/etherkiller/img/etherkiller.jpg My favorite though is the etherkiller hub, which is just diabolical. Attempting to copy photos out of Facebook albums into GDrive gives me "Exception: SecurityError: The operation is insecure." I'm not running psty locally. This is super cool, though. There's an undocumented template engine built in it seems? (see /bin/mostliked) which is neat. Are we talking VB6 or VB.NET? VB6 is... old, and feels old. It barely allows object oriented programming and doesn't have first-class functions, so you're pretty limited to a procedural sort of paradigm. The IDE is clunky. For example: error handling is done with explicit GOTOs (ugh) and "On Error Resume Next" lets you simply skip past errors(!!!). VB.NET is basically a friendlier-looking version of C# and is therefore not nearly as bad as VB6, has a real modern IDE, etc. Python feels like a playground where you can explore; VB6 feels more like you're on a rail and the moment you fall off everything will break. On Error Resume Next is actually weirder than an empty error handler. If Python errors halfway through a try/except block, it will skip the rest of the block. If you On Error Resume Next, VB will literally just proceed to the next line and keep executing. And since you don't need to indent the block that comes after On Error, it's easy to miss that line... I've been thinking about this a lot recently, and I actually miss it. Yes, it was ugly, but it gave people agency. Facebook forces every single person to "look" more or less the same. I imagine there has to be at least one kid who got into CSS styling by trying to make their MySpace profile look cool, introducing them to web design... Facebook's enforced "look" is sort of the equivalent of a school uniform, except for everyone, and it's stifling. If you hide a per-device API key inside the real Snapchat app, you might at least require that the user root the device before being able to grant an Evil App access to their photos. I was thinking about Bad Apps that users voluntarily hand their login details to (so they can download snapchats they get sent). Those don't need root, since they're just mimicking the Snapchat app and receiving the photos directly. But it doesn't work, since you need some way to generate new API keys for your second device... which could be a Bad App. If you 1) enforce one key at at time (so one "device" at a time), 2) rate-limit key changes (if you switch to a new device, or Bad App, you can't switch back within a day or two) and 3) eliminate Bad Apps in the app stores- you effectively limit Bad Apps to being entirely web-based, and hopefully the restrictions on webapps will make the Bad App sufficiently a pain in the ass to use that people won't want to switch to it, even though it lets them save photos, since it locks them out of the real app. > Should the government mandate daily folic acid intake? Areas with fluoridated water do this sort of thing already, more or less. Might cost you more money to get the salt out than you can sell the salt for, though. If someone has to drive across an international border and take a day off work to donate their (very rare) blood, it makes sense to compensate them for their travel costs. The donor wouldn't have to also be "donating" gas money, just blood and time. Biblical literalism is largely an American Protestant thing. It's very recent (on the time-scale of Christianity). The Catholic church doesn't subscribe to that view- they've endorsed evolution for decades, for one thing. There's generally a reason why ethnic cleansing is considered an evil thing to do. Forcibly removing people from their land deprives them of the systems that sustain them: political, economic, cultural. It's a kidnapping and theft rolled into one. "As you will no doubt be aware, the plans for development of the outlying regions of the Galaxy require the building of a hyperspatial express route through your star system. And regrettably, your planet is one of those scheduled for demolition. The process will take slightly less than two of your Earth minutes. Thank you." Older(?) Canon(?) DSLRs also used a 2.5mm jack to control the shutter release, so some people realized if you just spammed data into it from the TI-83 you could trigger it. Add a crude BASIC script and you have an extremely basic timelapse setup. I never minded OkCupid because it's sort of a game anyway. It's all online, and whether you meet someone there or not is up to you to tell OkCupid. Uber is mining information about people's movements in the real world, which feels ickier. I think people here aren't getting what this is. It looks like it transfers the image from the phone to a polaroid film cartridge optically. It's basically a smartphone version of a Daylab enlarger. Which is super-bleeding-cool, because there aren't many important moving parts not provided by the smartphone or the film cartridge. It's not a scanner and a printer. The only way to beam an image to it over bluetooth would be to embed a smartphone screen and backlight into it, which I gather it is not doing. It's taking an analog "contact print." > Particularly, innocence until proven guilty. This is how courts work. This is not how humans work. Are you suggesting that no action can be taken against anyone by anyone for any reason until a court proves the charge? That's nuts. I am allowed to conclude that someone is guilty or not in my own estimation. Unless I'm a juror it has no force of law, but I can assume someone's guilty without trial NO PROBLEM. Obama's guilty of suppressing evidence of torture. Bush's cronies are guilty of torture. Neither will be tried for any crime. How exactly is my opinion a problem? Should I wait for a court to validate it, or what? Courts can be completely, hilariously, 100% in the wrong. Plessy v Ferguson. Citizens United (arguably, anyway). As a person, I have freedom of association. If I think someone's a rapey asshole because someone came to me with an accusation, it is -well- within my rights to sever ties. Likewise, OpenCourseWare has no particular obligation to host this guy's stuff. Nobody is stopping him hosting it himself if it's so useful, or CC licensing it, or handing it to Archive.org. MIT isn't stifling anyone. There is no persecution here. I say this as someone who 1) probably wouldn't want to watch his lectures due to this but 2) think they should still be available for people who would find them useful. It's too bad MIT decided to take it down. But they're big boys and can make the decision on their own. My favorite is Project Pluto: http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Project_Pluto Which is nuclear ramjet, which has the small side-effect of spewing large amounts of radiation as it flies.