There's a bigger mistake. If government keeps torturing until all volumes are discovered and unblocked (or until you're dead), than why your points when you have hidden partition are higher, when you don't? Considering this, it is no longer a strictly dominant strategy for you to have it. Was not having one global currency - one of the main reasons to introduce currencies in the first place? All those "national" currencies will be susceptible for 50%+1 attack. No HTTPS. Go and die. The author is short-sighted. He doesn't know any descent modern OO language, but tries to review Swift. Except ARC and syntax differences, it is more like a subset of F# or Scala That's what I said. Swift is a subset of F#/Scala. What are the alternatives? You have to ship secret keys with your app to be able to access public APIs Typical bullshit. How is it related to Hacker News? We did some progress on PhoneGap http://msdn.microsoft.com/en-us/vstudio/dn722381.aspx FreedomPop Bad title. Article only says about correlation. It's just you > JavaScript will always be the (or, a) scripting language for the browser, and if something new emerges, we will all have plenty of time to prepare. Thing is - what if it already emerged, but you missed that? The whole article seems faulty. At least I fail to see how this experiment proves wrong to use mirror test to check for self-awareness as opposed to proving pigeons can be trained to be self-aware. I bet that Notch will make it free to stay for hackers (in a good sense). This man created the best start for the next generation across the globe. No idea on other stuff, but immobilizer for auto, which is like kill switch for phones, reduced car theft multiple times (3+) since it was introduced. https://archive.org/ BS Great service, guys, but beware of the first waves of fraud. I don't think ECC will help. Where you can flip one memory bit, you can flip two consequently. Nice. But does not scale. Two questions to author: what was his grandfather charged for, and did Soviet slavery machine forced his father to become drunkie? I'm on nightly, and popup is blank for me. Have some extensions though. Clickbait title Did you do double blind? I would say it is still a very big achievement. Imagine you being able to do something you were not before, just thinking about that. Useless site advertising campaign fed up my news feed. Because people from normal langs or without cs background expect type cast roundtrip to return original value if temp type can represent any value of source type (e.g. string can represent any value of bool) > No one believes Putin is a genius Oh, man, I wish this was true. Just like Dmitri back in Russia I tried to prevent elections fraud, and even though I myself got forcibly removed from the site, and my friends recorded fraud, some my other friends did not care. But that's not the worst: some still think Putin is a genius after knowing that! Now I'm in US. Fuck them. I had a similar project in progress, but paper author's university declined to licence technology. Did you somehow managed to convince them, or did you register as non-profit? It is pending. The study itself is behind the paywall, so there's no actual data to discuss. It would be very funny, if the study result was actually produced by a gender difference, rather than a profession. A ton of bullshit in the article, and the cancellation reason is never stated. Why is it even here? Yeah, then call it 'Almost jQuery 100500' Seems like it is a good way to peacefully fight religion. I'm sad to see how children are being deprived from basic rights to freely exchange information. It's not the age, that makes you dumb enough to share something you shouldn't for your own good. This, and enforcing religion on kids by their parents are two things why we, the Internet, should start a campaign for children's rights. If you were drawn to the article, thinking it is about mysterious rock movements on Mars - you got clickbaited. Nothing like that. Just uncommon material. Great article series. Very easy to understand, and brings a lot of inner works of a managed runtime out. Risking get fire for self-adv, but some time ago I made a very simple static HTML-based ePub reader (does not even support contents or pictures), but with some sync over Google Drive. I used it mostly because I have a wide diversity of platforms in my possession, and want to sync between them. Here's the link: https://h5reader.azurewebsites.net/# A commie here. I actually liked Atlas a lot. It still inspires me to do work, rather than sit on my ass. For that I recommend it to people. It is great in that. No so much in 'honest - then, and only then - capitalist' part. Long speeches never bothered though - you can always skip them, because you kinda know what they are talking about for 10 pages. I don't think it is a good thing though. Wind power will not scale to cover humanity's needs for entire 20xx, not to mention 2xxx. I'd rather see all this hype going to fusion research. Not sure this particular algorithm has anything to do about economics, except its author is an economist. I personally believe Transcendence has the most realistic future (if you exclude humanity at the very end of it). No details given. Source? AFAIK most DX12 samples in SDK are not UWP. AFAIK, there are no such features. Desktop app can use any UWP component maybe minus UI controls (but there's WPF) That's not a real solution, because its not scalable. They should literally be scaling horizontally rather than vertically. There's a lot of less densely populated space around. That's not a real solution, because its not scalable. They should literally be scaling horizontally rather than vertically. There's a lot of less densely populated space around. Still NO, Google That is so very true. The worst part is - I had a prototype in 2012, but never actually finished it until now. Hope this will find its place in enterprise, where every dollar matters. That's not so true. I'm usually very annoyed, when navigating my pictures or video collection, and thumbnails appear after several seconds. Same with large folders. I have to agree with maxpert. When Windows 10 was about to be out, I was ready to bury that project, because both Linux, and OS X already had that, and I expected MS to integrate something similar. However, 1 year later it is still only available in Windows Server, and extremely hard to configure. Regarding SRT - it is good, but bound to a particular hardware, so does not suite everyone. Not sure I understand your idea. Windows already caches reads to some degree in RAM. This project gives less speed, than RAM disk, but allows to cache much more. TL;DR Why is it a myth? https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Sergey_Brin Dumb ad Compensation? Paywalled I kinda agree with the title (but not the article), as all that green bullshit wastes money, that could otherwise go to fusion research. Green energy simply can not scale. As shown by haberman's comment and a reply by yummyfajitas below, our brain clearly does not operate on pure statistics, as most people are subject to https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Conjunction_fallacy Is it here because of that Tesla hipe? Tens of cars per year probably crumple just like this Model S, but there are (rightfully) no articles on HN or other IT web sites about that. Fail story: I have SSD + HDD caching for Windows ( https://diskache.io/ ). But due to lack of marketing skills, and, perhaps, lack of common store for system software for Windows, even free Beta version has been downloaded by like 3.5 people during 3 months of availability. I don't have exact download count, but only 13 people actually launched it. ReadyBoost does not cache writes at all. Windows Server 2012 R2 actually have similar feature, but it requires some PowerShell magic to set it up, and only available in Server. Ideally, Islam should be banned, because https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Apostasy_in_Islam#Punishment + the fact, that children of muslims are considered muslims is quite incompatible with modern humanity. Does not say anything about technologies used, requirements, or who gets computing resources. But the general idea is great! Also, will be nice to have some competition! At this moment, why would government give any tax breaks to gay couples if most of them (even in the states, where they are allowed) do not raise children (which, I believe, is the reason for those tax breaks in the first place)? So we've just got from 'evil' "votes against same-sex marrige" that Mozilla CEO guy was fired for, to "cosiders tax breaks are for families to (eventually) get children" -> "votes against gay marriages because they don't get children even if though they can", which does not look evil at all. I could probably summarize opinions of those voted against same-sex marriage in "marriage and any tax benefits coming from it are there to support people who will eventually raise children". I see, that gay people are not happy, because opposite-sex marriages still get some benefits, but some of them do not end up having kids. In my opinion, to separate the bugs from the meatloafs, we should separate living together and having kids legally. And the first one should be available to any kinds of partners, but should not provide any benefits, and the second should give benefits, and be positively recognized in society as "family". But allowing gay-marriages is in no way makes lives closer to that. I agree. We should instead disallow non-bearing children couples from being married, or remove tax benefits. IMHO, we could have made it all very clear, however, most people would not understand if government would try to redefine 'family' to require kids, because common understanding of family is a deeply conservative thing, and even most liberals would not feel that change good. I would go even further, and would provide tax credits for anyone planning to have kids in, say, the next 5 years, and I would take money back after 5 years, if no kid is out. See discussion below. Does it support deep sleep and push notifications? No, but I am trying. Seems to be Linux-only problem. Care to check for driver updates, and that GPU rendering is actually enabled? I mostly use Skype Give them a chance to recover funds. Maybe they'll comeback. Potential vector of attack to look for, not an exploit. Thus, flagged. That problem seems to be specific to Android. I had Samsung ATIV S, which did not have this problem at all (Win Phone). However both S3 and Nexus 6 have it. The later I bought in part to make it go away at least partially:( TL;DR; Azure Queues (and any other component of Azure Storage) have 20000ops/sec limit per storage account. Those guys used a single storage account for all queues. They increased load a bit, and hit this limit. Azure throttled them every now and then to a complete stop. Solution was to have multiple queues in multiple storage accounts. IMHO, important information to keep in mind when building horizontally scalable service. Every message channel/storage should be ready to be sharded in some way. I guess it is time to consider.NET. With Linux support and upcoming JetBrains IDE that will be the smoothest transition possible. That does not cancel the fact, that only a minority of desktop gamers do not have Steam constantly running on their PCs. Time to delete Opera Link account, and uninstall the Mini :( Matter does not have to cross existing horizon for horizon to grow. Imagine a horizon radius R for a mass M (R=horizon(M)). Despite no matter would be seen touching that, time in sphere between R and R+dR ticks slowly even for external observers. So matter can get into this thin sphere in finite time. As soon as dM of matter gets into this sphere so that horizon(M+dm) > R+dR, the black hole now has increased radius and mass. Everything that was frozen on the surface of BH is now inside the BH. I am not sure what interpretations have to do with symmetry of equations. Actually, your Facebook argument kinda sucks. Number of people who lived without Facebook is likely on the same order as number of its current users (if not lower by now), and most of them had much worse education. Can't quantum physics on its own predict proton radius? Seems a lot like trolling. But the answer is - go to the next interview. I really wonder why those techy multibillionaires invest in medicine rather than techy stuff. I'd rather like to see fusion and hardware research done. Speaking globally, that might just bump global economy so significantly, the illnesses would go down just because more people would be able to afford education and medical care easily. I don't ever read this word often, but still did not notice this as well. This kind of stuff should be marked by robots. To be honest, he did not suggest to sterilize them. So his statement might be technically correct (the best kind of correct). E.g. it might actually be true. With VT-* and now apps running in VMs, how is it different from Ring 0/everything else separation? Did you report it? Because that sounds like extreme misconduct. Amazon could have got rid of those nasty people. It might be a criminal investigation actually. My friend outside can set up an infrared receiver, and I could Morse 'Classified' to him very fast if trained I like the idea, despite enormous time we were promised for implementation. However, I am worried, that the plan does not allow any kind of back out. Considering very high price and 10+ years execution time, I'd like a clear strategy for cancelling that if situation on the road changes significantly due to self-driving. 1 less action Does that mean that Russia will disclose details of its participation in Ukraine's current war, and pay back those who suffered it? If not - who cares what that guy says? We'll see about that I'd like to add, that judging by https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Geological_history_of_oxygen , the atmosphere has ~2000 years worth of oxygen. So no suffocation even if all production halts right now. This article is complete and utter bullshit. "But think about the benefits, when you make your own meals you are saving money, rather than paying a chief, tip, delivery fee and markup, you only pay for the ingredients." If you think even a little bit, it is obvious, that producing prepared food at scale is more efficient than cooking it for yourself. "as you learn to cook you gain an important skill, you gain independence ... being self-sufficient" Right, drive yourself to work instead of using mass transit, make your own clothes, furniture, assemble your own microchips (you surely can't be a developer/admin without a microchip, so that one is very important to be self-sufficient). Don't forget to dig a hole and pump your own water! Fallout is coming, we all need to cook right now! Oh, and also it is much more interesting, than spending the same time on reading news/books or making something for other people! Still waiting for it to run on any Android device. Your statement about self-sufficiency is universally correct, but does not make sense in the context in its current form, because noone is 100% self-sufficient, but everyone is self-sufficient to a degree. The statement you actually meant (assuming you had thought settled), which is: "it is always better to be a little more self-sufficient" is definitely technically incorrect or at least extremely dubious. Also, irrespective of any assumption I might had (or not) about the author from a long post, you go much further assuming you know I had one, and that you know it from my single small comment half of which is original author's quotes. That's not true very much. Both Facebook and Amazon are asking systems design questions.