I included a full language specification with my patent application. Reading boring specifications can also be a drag, so I even wrote a version that sorts information by color. Its all available on http://mailmarkup.org/ If you are aware of any prior art please do the right thing. I have not been able to find any, but that does not mean it doesn't exist. Did you bother to even open the spec or were you too busy making assumptions? Here is a link in case the you missed the one on the site: http://mailmarkup.org/mail-documentation.xsd I am going to make the baseless assumption that your intentions were well placed, and happily await a contribution of prior art. EDIT: My lawyers have deliberately asked that I not transcribe the claims in the patent application, but its really not hard to figure out from looking first at what the language does differently from the spec and then glossing over the claims in the patent application. I put this stuff online myself years ago, because I have nothing to hide and want nothing more than to ensure the software is valid and novel. Please feel free to prove otherwise, because either way you are contributing to a software project. Anybody can protect an invention. The average 8K-18K in average lawyers fees is trivial. Building a team and acquiring the necessary funding to launch a business investment based upon an invention is a far greater challenge. Not everybody is at a stage where quitting their job to work on such things full time to build a product complete enough to present to angle investors is a viable option. If it were so simple then every software developer would be a successful start up founder. The intended goal of this thing is to fully describe email threads in a manner that is durable. To my knowledge, even today, there are no structures or grammars that are capable of describing email content and fully retaining their original definitions after full exposure the various software of the email platform. Rich text format comes close, though. Regardless of whether or not the patent is granted I would like to create a start-up to build a new transport medium. It would be nice to have an online software platform built for automation and data integration above all else that allows any data repository to become a possible publication point using just URI addressing. I can see many possibilities that could arise from such a thing, especially if the primary markup language is always immediately accessible. I get really tired of people thinking web === internet. As a web developer I enjoy contributing to projects that help me to identify stupid things, because there is an abundance of stupid in web technologies. I enjoy contributing to things like JSLint and Pretty Diff. Sometimes contributions can be as simple as bug reports or feature suggestions. This kind of information is golden for complex projects maintained by very few individuals. Why bother blaming politics you don't control when instead you can blame the technology that makes this possible in the first place? Support an alternative like http://mailmarkup.org/value.xhtml Instead of laws and wishful thinking why don't people take action toward an alternative technology: http://mailmarkup.org/value.xhtml You can tell the people who really care about this subject from those who just need something to whine about by looking at the contributions they make. To be clear Obama is not a member of the Republican party. You mention Obama specifically and then dumping "this political baggage" and follow it up with the "Republican Party". I think its time we all revisit "Born On The Fourth of July". Stone's bore of a movie in search of a plot. What it lacks in direction and basic story-telling it makes up for in emotion and political bias. I lost braincells watching this foolishness and it is enough to convince me to ignore all other politically sensitive Stone movies. Stone should go back to doing movies like "Conan the Barbarian", which is a classic. > Email is an amazing tool. I don't understand the rush to get rid of it. I would say that Email has its strengths, but there are still learned opportunities for improvement. Email is a text based format. I mean this literally as in there is literally no convention to email aside from a couple specified fields in the message header, which often get auto-reproduced into the message body. We can do better on this front to increase accessibility, internationalization, and understandability. There is greater AI potential from email than from the web. Email chains tend to represent conversations with the necessary networking information that both computers and humans similarly understand. This is absolutely missing from HTTP and requires a lot of custom assistance in the formatting of the output to make sense to either computers or humans on the web. Email is less centrally managed than the web. The end points on email are message authors while the server is a glorified application router. On the web though the server is the end point, which is far more primitive. Perhaps the "disruption value" is not in media/advertising/content (as in the web) but instead in an enhancement that could erode certain attention from the web. Here is a potential example that will probably never see the light of day http://mailmarkup.org/ * Name - Biddle * Description - Self-hosted application/module distribution and package management for all languages and operating systems * This month - I would like to reach initial completion status thereby moving from alpha to beta releases * Skills - JavaScript, Node, Shell Scripting, Windows, nix * Link - https://github.com/prettydiff/biddle * License - MIT ES6 refers to ECMAScript version 6, which was the official name of the latest version up until around December 2014. I believe ECMAScript 2015 was coined by Dominic Denicola to put additional pressure on TC39 to publish that year. Specifics on how exactly this is happening are unclear. Is the officer less confrontational to begin with, avoiding escalation? Or are suspects and complainants more wary of their conduct? Is it some combination of the two, or are even more factors involved? To determine these things would be a far more complex and subtle piece of research, but the study does suggest that officer behavior is probably the most affected, and that other effects flow from that. Clearly the brilliant researchers of Cambridge don't have teenage children. The answer is simple. People in emotional need of attention will act out (and escalate) as necessary so long as there remains feedback (whether positive or negative, healthy or harmful). I suspect this sort of irrational behavior is most frequently displayed against the police officer, but in some cases can be caused by officers (they are people too). The only distinction between officers and non-officers being frequency of experience dealing with confrontation. Despite the behavior being completely irrational (often out of control) there remains a fear of accountability. Will video evidence go out to your parents, spouse, coworkers? How embarrassing, right? The magic is that this fear of accountability is immediately present. The irrational behavior has to ramp up, similar to rage, and so is not spontaneous. This indicates the accountability fear is a constant reminder to not embarrass yourself, particularly when there is evidence that will appear on YouTube. Until very recently, and thanks to the likes of The Guardian’s The Counted, Fatal Encounters and Campaign Zero’s Mapping Police Violence, the data to prove the systemic racism that results in the police killings of unarmed black people has not been widely available to the public. It doesn't sound like, according to the article, the California initiative is to prove racism but rather track, identify, and reduce police initiated violence. Is this the writer's bias? I am working on a partial solution to this kind of problem and plan to move from Alpha to Beta version later today. https://github.com/prettydiff/biddle This is not a CVS, so you would still need to run something like git locally on your own server, but the idea of self-hosted modules will solve for the censorship of central authorities. Thanks for taking the time to look at it. The Docker approach looks like a strong approach, but I suspect applications leveraging this solution would be confined to the container. Writing parsers is hard and takes some experience, but its not as hard or as impossible as most of these comments make out. JSON is retarted simple to parse, even in the face of certain edge case ambiguities. I can say this from experience after having written an HTML/XML parser that provides support for various template schemes: Twig, Elm, Handlebars, ERB, Apache Velocity, JSP, Freemarker, and many more. I have written a JavaScript parser that supports React JSX, JSON, TypeScript, C#, Java, and many more things. In years I have been programming I frequently hear whining like, "its too hard". Don't care. While you are wasting oxygen crying about how hard life is somebody else will roll a solution you will ultimately consume. http://prettydiff.com/ https://github.com/prettydiff/a11y-tools Hope it is insured against golf ball sized hail. If so people in Texas will buy this in droves just for the durability. In not it will never sell in Texas. A two party system is a large part of this problem. One group validates itself by demonizing the only other player in town. It's toxic and it energizes the most self-serving of us. They want to get elected. So, in that regard they want the same thing. What you say to get elected is largely irrelevant, particularly if you can suggest the opposing party is more evil. The goal isn't to be a good candidate, qualified, or even ethical... its to get elected out of a contest of two people. Who ever uses the media most wins. It doesn't even have to be favorable news coverage or even make sense. Who ever appears on the screen the most or gets their name mentioned the most wins. Again, its only a contest out of two people and the general population is easily energized by emotions. I live in a big urban area in the midde-west. I don't care about poor white people sadness or coastal elite arrogance. To me both of those are ignorant extremes in isolated bubbles. You people seriously need to join the military, live in foreign country for more than a year, or go shake a stranger's hand. Seriously... the level of ignorance and isolation demonstrated in some of these comments is dumbfounding. It college is your solution to "shaking it up" you are probably still really isolated. I am trying to normalize some of this between different operating system shells: https://github.com/prettydiff/biddle What an oversimplification by somebody who sounds like an emotional failure. I am very active in writing OSS (probably more so than with my primary job). I also have two jobs (corporate web developer for a major dot com and army reserves) and yet still find time for the healthy marriage and kids (of whom are now teenagers). It certainly can be done. It certainly hasn't made me wealthy though. I wouldn't be able to make this happen at all if it weren't for personality. A certain amount of charisma, dedication, humor, and patience. I am also a bit more hyper than the average person and require far less sleep than average and don't spend any time on Twitter or Facebook. > it's because you disregarded that Richard puts his ethical argument for the implications to humanity first No. I have spent three years living apart from my family on military deployments. I know what it means to make this ethical argument and live by it in a self-sacrificing way. Many people cannot make this work, which isn't the same as forcing a divisive choice upon those of us who can. The next time developers cry about JavaScript's incompetence because of potential hacky type coercion stupidity I will shove this in their face. Instead of HTML/CSS why not parse markdown to a something even more direct like terminal output. My biddle application does this. Try it out let me know what you thing. Here are some commands to get started: git clone git@github.com:prettydiff/biddle.git cd biddle node biddle (parses the readme.md file to the terminal) node biddle get http://example.com/document.md node biddle markdown downloads/document.md node biddle markdown downloads/document.md 60 (word wrap at 60 character width) The US attitude towards immigration is completely asinine and driven by ignorance. Immigrants are a huge sector in the economy. This WSJ article, like so many others, is part of that ignorance in that it isn't about low skill or low pay workers. It is about filling jobs, regardless of pay rate, that US citizens are not willing to fill. A prime example is software developers. In the US software developers make 2x to 3x the national average pay rate for full time labor. Despite the high pay rate and comfortable work environment there is a massive demand for skills that is not being filled domestically. From 1995-2005 there was a massive off-shoring to find low cost software developers. Since 2010 the off-shoring is entirely about finding competent employees to fill labor shortages opposed to reducing expenses. Americans are not willing to step up and take these available software development jobs at a level of competence demanded by employers regardless of pay rate. A popular bitch-fest on reddit is that software developers are paid too low and if they were paid more this problem would be magically solved. First of all there is absolutely no evidence to suggest such. Secondly, software developers are already paid well and still there are massive shortages with high attrition. These problems are not related to pay rates, but are deeper rooted issues more related to outdated skills, low confidence, missing initiative, and poor education. These deeper problems are a hard pill to swallow considering they require some amount of time and investment and still result in an substandard result. I work in a major metropolitan area (one of the 4 largest in the US). There is a large educated sector of the population and a huge number of software and technology companies here. Still, despite this, technology jobs cannot be filled. Half my coworkers have always been immigrants. Even when pay is high local people are not stepping up to fill the positions. If you are in technology you can only continue to ignore that you work with a large number of immigrants and offshore teams for so long. Eventually, you will have to keep up with current skills, move to a low income market, or be content with being replaced by an immigrant who has more initiative. > If you want skilled developers with modern skills be prepared to pay for it. There is no evidence that increased rates have solved this problem as demand continues to outpace availability. The definition of competence wildly varies based upon who you ask. There are many experienced developers in the work force, whom I am sure would rate themselves high, who cannot do their jobs (at all) without their favorite frameworks and abstractions. Epic fail. They might rate themselves with an 8, but I would give them a 3. I am sure they likely do, which only suggests developers' opinions of stylistic qualities and tool choice is an extraordinarily weak metric of competence. A better and more objective metric is an evaluation of the product: the speed of code writing, execution speed, fewer dependencies, few lines of code, and so forth. From that you can guess an opinion that better software is written by better developers. Asking developers to rate each other, or themselves, is next to worthless. > Do you honestly believe this? Absolutely. Most of the time I have interviewed for a job in the past I am the guy picked out of 20-25 applicants. Its not because I am a rock star or something special. It is because most of these people are horribly under qualified. People want to get paid more, but are often not willing to invest the effort to make higher wages a reality. The common solution (band-aid) for this problem... frameworks. > I understand there are some big differences here, and you could reasonably argue that software developers don't deserve such high wages (they often have graduate degrees but aren't strictly required to, for example). In my opinion this is the root of the problem. Schools are not preparing students with many of the practical skills of software development. These students enter the market with skills businesses claim to want, but often don't match with the reality of the position, platform, or technology. Businesses could solve this problem themselves by training their work force, but they don't. Instead it is entirely on the employee to get the skills (on their own time) the current employer demands. As a result many developers burn out and those who achieve this mastery of learning on their own time leave to get higher paying jobs elsewhere. Why wouldn't they since they have invested in themselves more so than the employer has, and such there is no loyalty earned. The end result is a talent gap. A large pool of barely qualified people that have trouble moving between employers and on the other side a couple of talented folks who can do whatever they want. Bah. It still requires a build step. I will stick with Pretty Diff and its "correct" option. https://github.com/prettydiff/biddle Can parse markdown to formatted stdout (ANSI colors, wordwrap, and so forth) on the console in both posix and Windows. You fill it full of junk. If you are a single male not addicted to vanity you can likely fit all your belongings in the backseat of a car. My largest belongings were the computer and the truck load of military clothing. Women tend to accumulate more stuff than men regardless of vanity. When you get kids people just give you more stuff than you need (or want) for the kids. The only limitation on the ever increasing accumulation is the space available. Honestly, the two biggest rooms in this house just store stuff. I can absolutely live without that space. I do enjoy having an extra bedroom to use for... fill in the blank. I bought my house as a foreclosure for 125k and now Zillow lists it for 235k (a bit inflated). The value of my house is about the down payment on a house in San Jose and what I paid is half that. I have a 2900sq ft home in Texas and we spend next to nothing on heating and AC. Our electric bill per month averages around $160 and peaks around $200 in the summer when we run the AC a bit harder. More than half the expense there is all the electronics in the house, primarily: kitchen utilities, computers, and large screens. The site is called "web fundamentals" and looks to be educational. Unfortunately, it is severely flawed due to a bias. The site is immediately and inherently skewed towards interaction and programming. This mistake (though incredibly common) is really really bad. At the core to have the web all you need is two things: an application protocol and a document structure format. The public web standardizes on HTTP and HTML for those two qualities. This site does not address these two most primary qualities explicitly. The implicit assumption is that these qualities are not themselves important and instead necessary trivialities who technical qualities can be indirectly surmised through study of more interesting derivative works. This is a big mistake that makes learning these technologies far hard than it really needs to be. Don't assume the technologies are simple or that people will just get it right, because they won't. If I were teaching a class on web fundamentals I would start with XML Schema. Don't laugh, I am being serious, just hear me out. Learning XML Schema is important because it forces the student to learn the importance of structure and design in the crafting of human consumable information, which is really what the web is all about. It also teaches the student about node types and node relationships that is directly reflected in the standard DOM methods. Equally important it also teaches the student about application scope. XML Schema (and thus XML and HTML) features lexical scope for its scope model in exactly the same way that JavaScript does. I cannot express enough just how important this single quality is to understanding JavaScript. For people coming from languages like C#/C++/Java this really seems to be the most challenging experience to wrap their heads around, but it is absolutely essential to understanding that language. After XML Schema I would teach the DOM. I would teach this even before teaching anything about JavaScript. Understanding the DOM from a high level is a conversation of relationships and abstract modeling more than programming. Many web developers never get this and they forever suck as a result. This subject is so much easier to understand when separated from writing methods in a programming language and then so much easier to apply once the student gets to the programming part. None of these principle standard technologies are hard to learn. They just need to be taught in the right order and expressed through practice. Security standards are hard, but web standards are easy. Yet, most developers I have ever known always fail on the easy stuff. If you, as a potential educator, aren't taking these technologies seriously then neither will your prospective students. When you declare an element (or attribute) in an XML instance that isn't already defined as a body of the primary document or root schema this declared entity is available only to a limited scope. That limited scope is the element of declaration and its descendant nodes. Typically such declarations occur as the result of referencing a foreign artifact against a namespace. You don't really see this capability in the common forms of HTML, but you can if you run the HTML as an XML serialization (regardless of the HTML doctype in the document). The execution context can be changed in many cases by sending a document with an XML specific media type or in some cases by changing the file extension from .html to .xhtml. How would you start? Hummmm... you wonder how much of that money is invested in internal training for those skills they claim they cannot find. I bet the average is pretty close to 0. I guess it just makes more sense to throw money at the problem and hope for magic in 43 days. Instead, why not just devote that $33K to a training program for a duration of roughly 43 days? Now you have the skills you were missing with the bonus of added loyalty and lower risk at no additional cost (money and time that would have been spent anyways). You also get a massive productivity boost for free according to Brook's Law. The only cost is that an external candidate might (or might not) have a diversity of skills your company doesn't provide. Devs always claim this, but there is no evidence to suggest if you throw additional money the problem that it would be solved any faster. There is a shortage, but its largely imaginary. It would be more accurate to call it a talent gap. The talented candidates are certainly out there, but there are far more candidates available who are less talented. Increasing the pay rate for talented candidates does not magically convert somebody with fewer skills into somebody with awesome skills.... so therefore there must be a shortage (sarcasm). Imagine if we followed the numbers, the empirical evidence, like insurance companies do. In this case the legal age would be raised from 18 to 25. This wouldn't make any real difference to politics because young people don't vote. It would be huge to consumer spending. Consider the following: * Age to get a credit card, file a DBA, open a bank account, or get an apartment. * Age to purchase tobacco and pornography (yes yes, I suspect most people get their porn for free online regardless of age now). * FBI already refuses to hire field agents below the age of 24. * You could not be tried as an adult in criminal court until age 25. The number of adult violent offenders in prison might decrease as much as 70%. * You cannot get married until the age of adulthood. I suspect states would compromise on this one and allow permissible parental consent as young people will still continue to have children. --- My personal opinions are that people would be much better prepared for life, there would be fewer lost souls to the criminal justice system, and the consumer debt industry would be largely eliminated from all but proverty classes (like the payday loan vultures). I don't see how that would make any difference. Typically many 18 year old require a co-signer or sponsor to get an apartment on their own. If you are in an abusive household call the authorities (you can do this at any age). This happens anyways. I joined the US Army at age 17. I think your second point is reactionary to the extreme. It would be more valid if young people participated (actually by voting and/or petitioning the government) instead of just bitching about it on social media. That said young people can revolt just the same regardless of voting age. I have no idea what that means. Statistically young people don't vote. I think its close to around 6% of 18-24 year olds vote in presidential elections with a statistically insignificant amount voting in other elections. > We should attempt to study the pros and cons of each before drawing to conclusions. Already done. This has been studies exhaustively by the insurance industry and the criminal justice system. The age (of perpetrator) at which adult violent crimes most commonly occur is 18, which is the age of adulthood in most of the US. Secondly, it is 19. Then 20 and so forth up till the age of 24 after which there is no discernible pattern of violence to age. This pattern is largely attributed to the missing link between the prefrontal cortex and the limbic system of the brain. I don't have any problem with alcohol and firearm sales being pushed to 25. If you want to shoot earlier then get private land outside a city, join a police department, join the military, or have a parent or guardian as a co-signer. > Really? Do you have data to back this up? Yeah, I think something like 6% of eligible voters aged 18-24 actually vote in presidential elections with a statistically insignificant amount of those voters voting in other elections. > How are you going to hold those of age below 25 accountable? Separate the 18-24 population into senior juveniles. Too old to be incarcerated with the violent children and too young to be bonded with the career criminals. Violent offenders absolutely should do time, but if they aren't adults should also have the opportunity to expunge their criminal record so as to allow them to obtain real jobs later. http://www.civicyouth.org/wp-content/uploads/2013/05/CIRCLE_... Turns out I was wrong. Youngsters aren't 6% of the vote, but closer to about 9%. Still tiny though. The data indicates people who are registered voters are about twice as likely to become a voter after the age of 25. http://www.civicyouth.org/wp-content/uploads/2013/05/CIRCLE_... . Turns out I was wrong. Youngsters aren't 6% of the vote, but closer to about 9%. Still tiny though. The data indicates people who are registered voters are about twice as likely to become a voter after the age of 25. http://www.civicyouth.org/wp-content/uploads/2013/05/CIRCLE_... . Turns out I was wrong. Youngsters aren't 6% of the vote, but closer to about 9%. Still tiny though. The data indicates people who are registered voters are about twice as likely to become a voter after the age of 25. http://www.civicyouth.org/wp-content/uploads/2013/05/CIRCLE_... . Turns out I was wrong. Youngsters aren't 6% of the vote, but closer to about 9%. Still tiny though. The data indicates people who are registered voters are about twice as likely to become a voter after the age of 25. > At the same time, you want to remove accountability from said youth? If you take away so many responsibilities from youth, why keep police/military around for them? Accountability is not an earned quality. Accountability is an appointed quality. By raising the age of adulthood you are deferring the age of accountability (in the realm of individual responsibility) to a later age when the individual is better prepared and perhaps more responsible. As far police and military individual responsibility is less a consideration because you are on a job with extensive training and constant supervision. Additionally, people in these job classes are held to higher legal standards and are punished more harshly for violations of the public trust. > I would like to see the US data cross referenced with data from other countries. I suspect a lower percentage of the population in the US votes compared to other equally democratic nations for all age demographics. > Instead, all the progressive research I've seen I really think this is more a separate conversation, but certainly there are many various huge opportunities for improvement in how the US manages its criminal population. The age group 18-24 is very different than the larger 18-29. The data is all there. I am curious how you come to that conclusion. Framework lust, particularly in the JS ecosystem, is inflated and often not representative of technical authority, experience, or sometimes even competence. If I were a hiring manager and the candidate couldn't write very basic vanilla JS I wouldn't hire them either. I don't care that they have a bunch of github stars. The inability to solve simple problems without a framework is a liability. I am a bigger fan of the keep it simple approach, which is my way of saying I prefer to write web applications in the web technologies directly intended for the given task. I suspect Go is a newer and better language than Java, but this soooo reminds me of Java devs trying to do everything web related in Java. Ohhhh the pain and torment (guessing, apathy, and crying about how horrible things like markup and JavaScript are because they simply aren't Java). Just to be clear the prototypal inheritance came from Scheme, but the funcational aspects of JavaScript came from Lisp. Scheme's influence on JavaScript was, at the time, indeed an open question. On the other hand they absolutely told Eich not to do anything that resembled Lisp. JavaScript was to be Java's little brother and it had to look like and mostly act like its big brother. Eich made it work like Lisp anyways thinking they wouldn't notice given the incredibly short development window and the fact that as long as there was an inheritance concept it would satisfy the "feel enough like Java bit". Of course nobody noticed JavaScript had influences from Lisp. It was buggy when it initially rolled out and it took a couple of revisions before nested functions were supported. This is backed up by David Flanagan's book "JavaScript: The Definitive Guide", which doesn't mention nested functions and closures until its third edition in 1998, because JavaScript didn't have closures until then. Whether it was a missing feature or due to a defect is something you would have to ask Eich directly. Extending my JavaScript parser and beautifier (written in JavaScript) to also support TypeScript, C#, and Java. The data indicates just how much Americans need to use drugs. Imagine how big the numbers get when you scoop in prescription drugs in addition to prohibited substances. Clearly drug use is more important to large number of Americans than risk of incarceration. Why does America have such a greater drug fascination than perhaps every other country? The money comes from sacrificing existing entitlement programs, which might actually cost more. Think about it like this in the US: Imagine giving everybody a basic income and eliminating minimum wage, social security, medicare, welfare, and so forth... Naturally some people would become wealthier (paying down existing debts) and some people would become poorer (spending money more rapidly and increasing their debt burden), but these are personal decisions. No. You need to understand the economics of commodities opposed to individualized goods for this to really make sense. Greater access to a commodity will often reduce its costs as it means greater consumption and increased market penetration to satisfy (and thus stabilize) its demand and thus development. Express lanes have been popping up around Fort Worth. I prefer DuckDuckGo. Privacy issues aside they just strive to be the better search engine for software developers. And they have an open source platform for displaying a selected tool or result to a software request query called DuckDuckHack. https://duckduckhack.com/ It's not really whistle blowing though if you find evidence of 1 crime and then then choose to release 700,000 unrelated other documents with it. It is just a crime. During the trial the defense didn't even pretend that this was whistle blowing. Also, intention is relevant in criminal law. Was the intention to right a wrong or to throw a depression induced tantrum? There was a substantial amount of evidence on this matter. Does this include DOD? I suspect DOD is probably already doing this, but just wonder if they fall under the umbrella. Isn't this the very kind of thing Regular Expressions were created to solve? * Remove spaces - myString.replace(/\u0020+/g, ""); * Remove common line terminators - myString.replace(/(\r|\n)+/g, ""); * Remove all white space - myString.replace(/\s+/g, ""); Is regex execution considered efficient? I have always been impressed with its speed. I don't have anything to offer from a business, expense, or marketing perspective. I do have something to offer from a technology and distribution perspective. I am not sure if this would be helpful to you, but I am working on self-hosted and self-published distribution technology. The technology is intended to move software around, but it can really be used for anything. It is language agnostic and operating system agnostic (it runs anywhere Node.js can be installed). The idea is to automate many aspects of publishing and allow a download point for multiple versions and multiple variations for a given item without subject to the limitations of a central repository. https://github.com/prettydiff/biddle If the idea is related to the subject or work of the current company then in court they can claim inception for your later similar work. This happened in the case where an action figure designer left Mattel to produce new (and completely unrelated) action figures at home. In court Mattel claimed the inventor form the idea for the new concept while employed at Mattel and the court agreed so Mattel took position of the new idea. While the new idea was functionally different it wasn't novel enough to qualify as original apart from the inventors prior experience doing similar work. To be more safe I would wildly alter the idea so that it applies in different functional applications for industries the current employer has no interest in performing. Then, at the very least, they cannot claim violations of non-compete status and you have a wider field of novelty. I cannot speak to my current employer as my handle is not anonymized. I will say that in prior employments the level of stress was directly correlated to the incompetence of the staff and developers. Incompetent people tend to create two problems: 1. Job insecurity. Politics ramp up as employee mobility goes down. 2. The technology is trash. The internal tech is often riddled with excessive abstractions, confused organization, lack of purpose, and other unnecessary qualities that generally slows people down. Its a real bummer when 10 minute task takes 2 weeks to complete in the office. I can only speak to large software companies and unfortunately the demand for employees will often exceed the available supply of confident AND experienced developers available in the market. Evidence of this: https://www.reddit.com/r/javascript/comments/5q9gxg/es6_feat... > I stand up and point my finger again in the direction of decentralization. Try out a project I am working on named biddle for your distribution needs: https://github.com/prettydiff/biddle biddle fights censorship by allowing you to put your publications anywhere. There is no central repository, and since you are required to specify your publication point you just need to find file hosting. This means private publications are free (aside from your hosting expenses) if you publish on an internal network. You couldn't transfer it over the network anyways, because the networks are physically separated from the normal internet (NIPR). You cannot use massive storage devices either (like hard disks, sd cards, flash drives). He would have had to hand carry stuff out, probably on optical media. You need optical media to transfer content from one network to another without setting off alarms. The network admin knows if you plug in mass storage devices within about 2 seconds. Mass storage devices require a mounting process that communicates with both the bios and the OS. The OS will then send an alert to a known point on the network, and if configured directly will respond to the switch at the local network which will drop the subnet. If you are dumb enough to pop a USB device in everybody in your office will know in seconds as they lose their connection. Then your boss will get scolded and you will get stuck with remedial training. It is pretty damn embarrassing like wearing a dunce cap. They may not always know who the offending person is, but they will have the IP of the offending terminal and a hardware signature of the offending device. > Equally, what's to stop them being in the know of exactly what he's doing and abusing their privilege to allow him to do it? You assume he's acting alone... what if he wasn't? Because violations and exceptions to policy are logged and those logs are periodically audited. There is a process for achieving access with an exception to policy for various approved reasons. Deleting entries from access control logs requires an accomplice that doesn't mind jail time. At some point this starts to sound like a crazy conspiracy theory. I find the most simple answers are generally the most probable. Let's not forget this went on for nearly 20 years and security staff gets rotated. Twitter has to be awesome... Trump says so and nobody knows more about technology than Trump. Fine, then substitute Kayne instead. Reading that list one thing kept popping into my head.... design patterns. You don't have to have a multi-million dollar exit to go through this. You just have to find yourself in a position where you had some amazing responsibility and direction and now you don't in a way that mere mortals cannot relate. There are numerous different ways to get there. My story: For just about ever I have been a developer in the civilian world and an Army reservist. Normally the Army reserves thing is just a part time weekend gig doing some really boring administrative work, but sometimes its more. The first time I was in management I was 24 years old. I hadn't finished my bachelor's degree yet. I was working as the tech lead of network operations in a group called TNOSC. This network, though, covered all of US and coalition forces in Kuwait, Iraq, and Afghanistan except for airport control systems. This was in 2004 during the post-invasion surge into Iraq. I am not sure how many dedicated users I had (maybe 100,000) but there around 300,000 people who were impacted by my network between coalition military forces and supporting civilians. For perspective 300,000 is bigger than Google, Facebook, Microsoft, and Apple combined. In that management position I published the organization's taskorg (a diagram of who owns who plus the structure of our clients). We had two dedicated brigades to manage and my higher authority was CENTCOM with a dotted line to DISA. My clients were two 3-stars and a 4-star. Running that organization was somewhat like running a start-up in reverse. We already had business and dedicate clients to support, but just jumping you are actually figure out the necessary relationships and how to do the technical aspects of your job. Life doesn't wait for you to catch up. You just have to figure everything out immediately. In the real world I am software developer. I am not in management. I don't even bring up the prior military story. People simply cannot relate. They know the corporate world they are isolated into. In the civilian world you don't get magically dropped into that kind of position out of the blue. Furthermore, people outside the military are more fragile. In the civilian world one of the most important interpersonal qualities is kindness while in the military kindness isn't valued. In the military kindness is like hard work. In most jobs nobody is rewarded for hard work. They are reward for what they accomplish. Hard work is silently implied. In the military what's important is honesty, respect (above and below), and bluntness. I find in the corporate world I am constantly tempering my words and using my "inside voice" so that I don't come off as offensive. It is so easy to come off as an arrogant dick. People who have known me for a while or been through similar environments get it, but for everybody else its too easy to look like an asshole. This is even more true in that I work as a web (JavaScript) developer. The most frequent kind of developer in the web are people who don't want to be there, have absolutely no regard for the technologies, and wish they were doing something else. The other extreme are immature childish developers who work in the web because it has a lower barrier to entry in the contributor roles require a large dose of abstractions and dependencies for every aspect of their job. Both of these groups are different shades of imposters who constantly live in fear that they will be discovered. Pro tip - Everybody knows who the imposters are. I sure as hell cannot relate my military experiences to these groups who hanging to their one and only career by their nails. I absolutely agree. Most of the negative comments on here are nothing more than apologists for incompetence. Like with all security research the solution is to expose the defect to the world. If people didn't want their passwords and keys exposed to the world then they shouldn't put them on public github for all the world to see. It would be more helpful though if such a search engine could auto create an issue on github when exposed secrets come up in a search result. What protocol does this use or does it require a specific application? Is it HTTP or something else? If I wanted to use Upspin to host files for my biddle project ( https://github.com/prettydiff/biddle ) how would I retrieve those files? The article is both very true and not yet completely true. Some developers still believe having a large community or online social media presence is important. It might very well be, but it has no bearing on code. Code is objective. It solves problems, passes tests, does something new, and performs better.... or it doesn't. Social media presence has no bearing on this at all. Yet, each impart a type of online trust. One is capabilities (competence) trust and the other is marketing or branding trust. For people who don't know the difference or don't understand the value in the code marketing/branding trust is the only thing that exists. For everybody else trust in branding loses value quickly and must struggle to compete with the other more objective trust factor. It should be noted this "everybody else" category is the minority but is more influential on things get built of prioritized. I didn't form my account there until 12 Sep 2000. I was late to the party as the site opened about 6 weeks prior. Before DeviantArt there was Deskmod.com. Speaking as a long time US soldier here is how the military perceives code: * There is no copyright and plagiarism doesn't exist. Internally to the military everything is libre to the most maximum extreme. While people do get credit for their work they have no control over that work and anybody else in the military can use their work without permission. * Service members and employees of the military are not allowed to sue the military. As a result software written by the military has no need to disclaim a warranty or protect itself from other civil actions. * Information Assurance protections are draconian. This is half way valid in that there are good monitoring capabilities and military information operations are constantly under attack like you couldn't imagine. The military gets criminal and script-kiddie attacks just like everybody else, but they also get sophisticated multi-paradigm attacks from nation states. Everything is always locked down all the time. This makes using any open source software really hard unless it is written yourself or you work for some advanced cyber security organization. The things I have seen work: * Solve the problems other developers are unwilling or incapable of solving. * Create helpful (and portable) tools * Learn analytics and increase your communication skills * Be helpful How insidiously toxic. I cannot think of a better or more perfectly descriptive word than toxic (at least this is the word we use in the military for environments less bad than that). > Therefore, it hurts me to say that despite my grit, I was not prepared to deal with the abuse and dehumanizing treatment I received from my supervisors and colleagues at Uber. Nobody should expect to be so prepared. Nobody volunteers to become the equivalent of a prisoner of war. Allow private tweet capabilities and charge for it. This is really all you can do. Twitter is largely a broadcast system and echo chamber, which perfectly explains the type of people who gravitate to it most directly. There are two schools of thought on this: it is and it isn't. For people who believe code isn't literature descriptive names are wasted characters. The biggest difference between code and literature is that code is structured where literature isn't (literature makes up for this with a flow like a plot). Explicit structures are things like subtypes and nested scopes, qualities that exist directly and not through inference or reference resolution. There are things that can be inferred directly from structures like context and scope. For these developers code can be less explicit and less wordy because they aren't reading code line by line and guessing at how the pieces come together. The code is literature camp represents an educated formalism. In the absence of explicit structures you need to understand what the code is doing by simply reading the code. The problem with the code is literature approach is that it is for humans only. The computer absolutely doesn't care, and so therefore it can be wrong or deceptive. This article is full of assumptions. First of all you don't need a college education to work in software development. I have a Bachelor's, but not in CS and I have known some great developers who have no college at all. I am completely self-taught. You have endless time to learn this stuff on military deployments. Developers, who don't suck, are in crazy demand... particularly if you have web skills and don't suck. I rarely see CS graduates writing original JavaScript applications without large frameworks, for example. Secondly, it appears his dream job is in the bay area. If you are young and single this might be true. The Y Combinator folks claim it is the place to be to start a company, but for everybody else it is expensive. I can have a larger house in Texas for 20% of the cost and reduced cost of living across the board. That said I see little value in moving to the bay area because I doubt there is a corporate dream job that is going to pay me 5x more to live just as well. I have known several people who have moved from CA to TX just to afford a house (any house). Finally, there are major differences between development skill and marketing skill (promotions). You can suck at one and rock at the other, but only one of those is going to make a solid first impression and only one will actually define your value after a year of employment. Typo converting " I might be wildly misreading the code, but it seems like [1,2,3,a,b,c] diffed with [a,b,c,1,2,3] is going to appear as six lines of replacement. A bit of a pickle. The challenge I experienced with this is that either there are 6 changes (line for line comparison) or there are 3 lines the same and three lines moved, but three lines moved means a deletion of 3 lines from the first sample and 3 lines of insertion later in the second sample, which is still 6 differences. The output reads very differently, but the number of differences is identical, which is no change in precision. I still cannot reproduce the problem of 9 differences. I have tried in Edge, Chrome, and Firefox on Windows 10. I will try on OSX in just a second. The reason why it changes output after using square braces is because the tool is language aware. Before it could not guess at a programming language and so the input is text parsed into lines. After the language detection guesses this is JSON format and formally parses the input, beautifies it, and then compares the beautified output. I already realize that if I am going to the trouble of parsing languages that it would be far more efficient to simply compare the parsed token lists instead of beautified text, but I haven't gotten there yet. > I imagine you get to linear time without much loss by heuristically throwing out chunks of the table where i is far from j. I originally tried a delete as you go approach to the hash map where you remove entries that were no longer needed, such as when both values (counts) for a given key reached 0. My thinking was that this would improve execution speed over the space of a very large table by gradually reducing the key space and thus reducing look up times. This thinking proved false against two 1.7mb code samples. Removing this set of instructions reduced execution time from an average of 0.95 seconds to an average of 0.71 seconds (on my machine and browser). It is simply more efficient to read from a large hash map than it is modify that hash map to improve reading efficiency. A better approach, which I have not tried, would be to reduce writes to the hash map at the time of running through the second code sample, because you have already gone through the first code sample and not yet performed your formal analysis. To be efficient enough for a valid performance improvement though the analysis at this point would have to be tiny and yet somehow benefit for the formal analysis coming in the next step. The underlying assumption is that having a smaller hash map means fewer writes to memory. To be helpful to the next step of formal analysis the loop would have to achieve fewer iterations. > The article raises an interesting question: can you improve this by using advantage of the fact that lines of code have a decent chance of being unique or nearly unique within a file? As a code author I cannot predict user behavior and do not try. Instead I make assumptions upon that behavior and execute to these assumptions, whether or not they are valid. My assumption is that if a user wishes to compare unrelated things the number of differences sky-rockets, which means a bit more computation and temporary data. I suspect that if a user does this it is probably for some exploratory reason and thus are better prepare for the trivial increase in processing. The minimum number of data passes is two, one for each submitted sample. The Pretty Diff algorithm, in the subject of this thread, uses three complete passes through data without any repetition. Therefore the number of iterations is simply: total number of lines of the first sample, total number of lines of the second sample, and the total number of lines of the smallest sample. A more optimized approach is 2 complete passes and a partial third pass without repetition. Achieving that optimization requires more logic up front to populate a smaller central analysis store and a different means of iterating through that container. Most approaches, as I have seen them, don't achieve a fully optimized approach. While they may not have complete passes through data (after the required initial two) they tend to have numerous smaller passes in order to derive edit distances. This could be more efficient if these smaller passes never pass through the same data indexes/keys more than once and achieve a reduced total number of iterations. These approaches seem less straight forward to me and are misleading in terms of total statements of execution/iterations. The only way to guarantee greater execution efficiency is to run through a checklist like this and compare clock times in similar execution contexts: * total number of loop iterations * fewer instructions * instruction optimizations (compiler/interpreter dependent considerations) For a long term solution you may be better served with a domain specific tool that fits your needs directly. In the mean time the Pretty Diff tool, http://prettydiff.com/ , is language aware and offers a fair number of features that may provide what you are looking for. To see the options GUI just scroll down. You can also enter options and values as URI parameters. Just see the documentation for the options and their requirements. If you are looking for something that isn't available please open a Github issue and I will triage it. I have asked the wife on several occasions if I could get out of software and take a job doing something else for less money. I am tired of software... at least in the corporate space. Don't get me wrong I love writing software.... but the general incompetence of corporate software development has killed my spirit. I am a web guy whose primary job is at a major dot com and here are the problems as I see software generally. Good web developers are hard to hire. They tend to be equally in demand compared to their Java counter-parts in the corporate space, but there are something like 11x more Java positions. The reason is because Java developers are easier to find. This creates several problems. Since good web developers are hard to hire your choices are to retask a Java developer without training or hire a web developer that isn't good. The results are similar: cutting corners until you are drowning in tech debt and then blaming someone/something else. Higher salaries won't solve this problem because it takes time and practice to get good at anything, but demand for skills in the workplace are immediate. Contrarily, higher salaries without solving for the missing skills (the primary cause of the problem) just encourage under-qualified talent to more vigorously defend or fight to attain positions they are not entitled to hold. The phenomenon is so incredibly common it has the name imposter syndrome. The primary difference between a good developer and a bench warmer is confidence. A good developer is going to care far less for playing politics and defensiveness. If it doesn't work out for a good developer they can go get an equally sucky job somewhere else and probably make more money, so the motivation for politics is largely lost. Less good developers do not have such confidence that they can quickly acquire another position elsewhere or are holding their current positions for reasons not directly related to their craft, such as seniority entitlements. As the previous paragraph eludes to the real difference between good developers and everybody else is motivation. When you are primarily motivated to merely retain your employment you will perceive your place in that environment far differently. These guys will do everything possible to not rock the boat if job stability is everything. It also means that technical competencies at the job should normalize into some happy medium so that you aren't exposed for being an imposter. The reason why the incompetence is so pervasive is because demand is crazy high and without regulation of any kind. In almost every other professional career there is regulation, typically licensing. You cannot be a doctor, lawyer, real estate agent, engineer, pilot, and so forth without a license. You can be a politician though. After doing this for several years in the corporate world I am really tired of the stupid games people play. Since I have two simultaneous careers in separate unrelated industries I can really see the dysfunction that many people happily tolerate every day. I am ready to do something else like become a teacher or make my secondary career my primary even though this means less pay.