You can code so start writing iPhone apps, pick something, iterate.. Find some freelance jobs while unemployed. Apply to finance companies as a quant. You can even find QA or dev jobs at around 100k to relieve pressure. QA is easier and if you can code you are a very valuable QA person. Why? Because you are breaking the code and turning it into a viable product. Any company that ships values QA. Treat the job search as a full-time job. Since you have flexibility living at home, you can afford to wait for a good job in some sense. Otherwise find a larger company that hires MBAs into training programs. Use your school MBA network. If you don't know many people, but live close, reconnect to the program, go to all the events you may have missed. Find an internship at the very least. Some of the bigger businesses will repay your MBA loans over time. Once you get in somewhere with a high upside, solve their problems for them. Find a mentor. Maybe your MBA school will hire you? Go into public service, work for the government or teach (in those cases your income based repayment loans are wiped after 10 years). Work for a nonprofit as an MBA. They always want such folks, usually pay well, and also qualify for the 10 year program. Join the Peace Core for a year, go abroad, see the world, the problems, come back and apply for exclusive service related Federal jobs. They also have the 10 year loan forgiveness program. Find a smaller company that has a hard time getting top MBAs but needs them. The MBA has some value, it can be just a scam as everyone makes it out to be. Hell, go work for Yahoo, they are all about change right now. In your application pitch ideas about how to turn the organization around. Your wife needs to write since she is a writer. If you are a coder you need to code. If you want to solve business problems, go solve business problems. The GPA is meaningless long term. Use your strengths, acknowledge your weaknesses, work around them, and above all stay hungry. It's hard, I have a high debt load as well. What you cannot do is sit around and worry about it. You have to move forward. If you want, declare bankruptcy, learn from it and keep moving forward. But you can make it work. Pick tasks that make you better: code, write, solve. Don't expect a lump sum salvation. Work at it, chip it away... Call your credit card companies and negotiate. You have the power. They want to be repaid. You are not alone in your struggles. Some of it is acceptance. You might find that Buddhist meditation may help. You feel stressed and overwhelmed because you feel a lack of control over your situation/life and expected responsibilities. However, what you really lack is perspective because you are anxious about future unknowns. This is what drives your search through the self-help books. Caveat, if you do have a major disorder seek medical treatment. Those programs are organized around stabilizing the chemicals in your brain and at the same time providing cognitive therapies to help bring some perspective and rational decision making. Essentially you are fighting against your fight or flight responses and attempting to reengage your brain. It helps when you can stop your brain from producing too much speed or other stimulants. Likewise, for depression. We are drug responsive machines, people exercise like mad for the oxytocin high released after enough activity. So what you search for is perspective and a feeling that everything is ok and will be ok. The thing is, you end up where you started but see things differently. The financial issues are solved one day at a time. Sure, I should rewrite that as: Great companies value QA. Zynga is making a large push towards actual Internet gambling. That is where the money is. I don't understand why Facebook can't deliever targeted ads similar to how AdSense works. They already control the "comment boxes" of the web. So essentially, they know you are logged in at such and such site. Why not target the ads of the site to you? Seems like they would print money. There's also no place else to go... Myspace? Friendster, google+? This guy is being sarcastic. The "inapp purchase" can prevent this. Download for free, play a few levels, if you like buy more. This is the same strategy cut the rope, angry birds, use. They started before inapp purchases became available but clearly demonstrated the concept. This is the model that works. I have one, it is called a dog. What are these jobs in France you speak of? Why do we care? It's a done deal and was done 3 months ago. Stupid. Google Vultures? There are actually quite a few. The reason they don't attract the younger out of college startup crowd is that the unique problems the enterprise organizations face are not well known unless you work at a few of them. That's the big secret. Once you start working, it is harder to transition and leave. Sometimes you see lower level executive departures to commercialize a technology that a bigger corp will buy. You have to hire out execs from previous enterprise companies, or work at one and get to know people in the company (as well as their problems) that you solve with your technology. Downtown Vegas needs revitalization. I would imagine with a tech oriented spaces and some cool night activities it could compete with the Strip. I would imagine tax breaks make it compelling for investment as well. Why not port your landline to Google Voice and then forward for free? I told my dad to get that magic jack plus. wait? jedberg went to netflix? cool! it ruins your hipster cred. Huawei is owned in part by the Chinese government. Network virtualization (e.g. software defined networking) may decrease the risks posed by foreign manufactures since the software can be developed in the US, but still, a backdoor is possible. The backdoor itself could be at the compiler level, thus not detectable even with source code review (except of the compiler). For sure, there are a few trailer parks around here you can rent in. Best way is to come work for a start up or work for a bigger tech company. Go to meetups, go meet VCs, network. So the answer is come, just move here, don't wait. I wish I had moved back in 1998 when I had the chance instead of 2012. Figure out why you aren't passing the interviews. Learn Java as well. The Insurance probably cost $2-5million. The way we will mitigate this is expanding things like Teach for America. Basically, the gov't will start canceling student loan debt based on years of service. You can imagine a scale from 2-10 years. They already do this for the medical research field. That's the only way. It will be a "hidden" indirect cost. Is grepped a better choice? You can crawl in memory from a repository, or "crawl" across the net. How about an audio captcha service? Seems simple enough with voice recognition so widely available? Might confuse my grandparents though.. Indeed. I opt out, I will opt out my children. It is a unnecessary risk. The contrast is Europe and the UK, where they have free health insurance and social safety nets. How many startups do we see there? By definition we should see more startups there and they should be driving forward. I don't say I don't agree with having national health insurance, just trying to understand why the UK and Europe don't have the same level of startups. Maybe it is all marketing anyway and maybe it is all access to capital. This is the most important point. The benefit of these elite schools, is that peer pressure plays a positive role. All kids compete at these schools, form study groups etc.. Teachers want to teach motivated students and these things together drive education. ChartIO? They can link with your cloud DB, mysql or other data sources. Useful for making dashboards. I'm in the same area and it is basically the same. You have to find a private individual who is willing to help. Usually these people work 1 or 2 houses per week. Ask your profs for a recommendation. There are a million cleaner lead generation companies... They all suck. But Science is crowd funded by taxes, no? Except that your trucks deliver food and widescreen TVs to the guy with the broken car for a cheap price. Well the restaurant owner would either have to "eat" the loss by taking what they can pay, or allow the table to run a "deficit" by providing credit on the promise that they will pay it back the next week, or provide them with a smaller meal the next time going forward. These pretty much describe the current world situation. I agree. I think Romney lost mostly because he flip-flopped. I watched the Frontline episode called "The Choice 2012" and it was quite insightful. The two candidates come across as quite similar in many policy/thinking respects. Because Romney had to cater to the right wing fringe, the republicans essentially ate themselves. Effectively, the country moved right because the republicans effectively shut Obama down and caused him to polarize. Basically negating the "yes we can change" hypothesis. In 2008 people were sick of unilateral Bush action, the wars, and wanted people who would work together. By the midterm elections fringe groups got super worked up about Obamacare and death panels. Tea party hyperbole basically, a very effective and vocal minority. In addition the vote for Obamacare was drawn down party lines which I believe contributed to the democratic losses. It was a sign of not working together even though the republicans basically stonewalled the entire time. Essentially, Obama, the great listener who could bring people together was shut out and shut down by politics. He was shutdown as an outsider essentially. We had hoped that an outsider could bring change, but the system itself refused to. Romney himself was an outsider too but would have had the initial advantage of a republican congress. I agree. Hackathons, hack nights, awesomeness. That's interesting since they doubled there money not paying Groupon, but still getting the customer. New grads in any field are kind of like this. MBAs that came from business first are probably more humble then this, or already spoken for. They do probably have some value for longer term planning or networking. But that should be in addition to raw technical talent or raw business acumen to get the current job done. What was the breakthrough? there is also deamhost and dreamcompute. It's more interesting that he left Google. Not sure, it may be non-parametric vs parametric. Random forests are the best choice, but a model is more appealing due to the analysis you can make on it. I mean can random forests predict F = mA or planetary orbits? It's not a loan, it is the remainder of the investment. This only works if all NPC problems can be converted to CLIQUE? I agree. Nimbys and current owners prevent the building of higher density and modern housing. You would hope that the Federal government would step in because new construction would create jobs. Also in the Bay area, you could add lots of higher density housing near the Caltrain and gain that way. I think a gap year between high school and college can do some good. Also between college and grad school. Something like 56% of college students don't complete. Also many take more than 4 years, so the first wave of value is finishing in less than 4 years. Universities may reduce costs by dropping non-essential non-major classes. The surgeon is actually is an apprentice under the guide of a more senior doctor. Access to the master requires enrollment in medical school and then a residency. It is not book learning per se. The gov't ends up buying the deliquent loan in full and then they chase you down. Extreme hardship is the only way to get it dismissed and that is very unlikely. They do have a 20 year minimum payment plan and then will forgive the remainder. Not sure if that becomes taxable after the fact. They also have principal forgiveness plans for government or teaching service. supply vs demand? House of Lies? Hey, if your startup fails, just can always find work at another company. There is still a future. It is OK to fail, it is OK to feel depressed. You are not the value of your startup. Depression is hard and it hurts. You can actually rewire your neural pathways. Therapists can help with this. It gets better. The refining process breaks down complex carbs into simpler carbs. It is also not as if the job is rote work. Sure as long as you provide value that people will pay for. Many companies support open source projects. There is an argument for a raise is when the replacement value is high. The key is to be indispensable by adding value. Open allocation essentially mirrors open source software projects we see in public. I totally agree that open allocation is the way to go. Even software on a company's critical path will attract new people to work on it, mostly to learn and develop new skills. That frees the original super star devs to move on to new projects. Video chat? Life insurance is really only necessary for surviving spouses and children. It is not clear if the aggregate pool in general results in cheaper prices vs the complete customized personal option. In fact, if the former is cheaper, then just paying taxes is the best option. You can get loan forgiveness in public sector jobs: teachers, peace corp, and government service. You can become a nurse after college, you don't have to write code, but it is not for everyone. The boomers will be retiring so there will be a huge need for medical and care givers. Also when they go, the jobs they left will open up (minus some losses for productivity). You can go the trade route as well, or accountancy etc... One admin for 10 programmers is a huge multiplier. That admin can take care of the non programming needs so that the devs have more time to focus on code than context switching to handle the crap. It depends, a lot of Americans could go to Australia for college. suicides, greatest country ever... Yes. I think that is the point. It would be but big companies (like IBM) lobbied against it. I am amazed they did so well. Good execution. I like the new building they are constructing in Palo Alto as well. VMs are initially cheaper (say AWS), in the long run, your own server stack is if you can manage it for a reasonable cost. VMs are basically leases. and ultimately paid for by the tax payer.. bailout after bailout after bailout. Umm, so what is behavioral accounting? I did google it, and it suggests that Steve Jobs (when he was alive) was a major asset of Apple and should be priced into the company's stock value. I think it would fall under unauthorized access. Also don't buy organic coffee.. but why a spike at T=0 then? Yep. I hope so... With the Nexus 4 and the Walmart iPhone payment plans, you can do much better than locking yourself into 2 years and $1k extra in payments. could be worse, you could live in England. Proud to be the 4th comment on team jacob's HN posts. Or crumbs could sell good coffee! nah, just code in a biotech or for lab software. There is so much opportunity. Automate through code/robotics your job. Plenty of opportunities. You will find companies that want a mix of wet lab and coder skills. You save them on the translation costs for making software the biologists actually need. If you read the press release they say he only wanted to serve for a year. No drama then. It is the same everywhere and easily optimized. There's a mendacity about what people actually do. It is better to ask for forgiveness than to ask for permission. It is easier to get a money transmitters license after you IPO than before. Taxi medallions, asinine sublet and renter laws are all examples of this. Legal gray areas make great businesses. The CA law he references was sponsored by the big financial companies to favor protectionism and so if enforced will raise hell and probably be overturned by the Feds and currency/interstate commerce laws. He also built a space ship. The gov't lists medicare reimbursement which is basically the insurance price maximum. Some insurers get better than medicare pricing. You know what is wild though? Federal employees aren't insured by medicare but instead the federal govt pays private insurers to insure them! If the Feds went to single payer for its employees, things would change quickly. luck favors the prepared. You should sell on ribbon (www.ribbon.co). List your product for free and directly from your tumblr blog, facebook page or twitter. (Shamless plug, I work for Ribbon).... Startups exist because hiring is broken. sponsored by the us taxi association. little do they know that it will be more profitable to have self driving taxis. this is what they call meritocracy. http://www.amazon.com/Rise-Meritocracy-Classics-Organization... It's also because of automatic garbage collection and the fact that programmers today can't handle memory management. Write a paper. Get it published. Easiest places are IEEE or ArVix. Dude wants to build a space robot. That should be physics/cs/math. You have two choices. Work at it, get to be an architect, be the guy that people defer to for decisions, be in charge, and decide your future. Or leave and do a startup, especially your own startup. as so goes the global economy. The US did charge Snowden with spying. You should try www.ribbon.co (shameless self promotion -- I work there). We just released dynamic shipping.