Hi Hates. TL;DR: I'm sorry for your situation. Offshoring will fail. Find another job. Here's my experience, some bullet points, followed by my advice: Our bean counters have tried to offload our work overseas. Maybe 5 or 6 times now. It never works. Here are my disjointed observations: #1 The motivation to offshore is to reduce costs. Company grows by cutting costs? Companies grow thru investment. My product is in an emerging market. What moron tries to cut costs during a turf war in a green field? #2 Most projects fail. Offshoring just reduces the cost of failure. #3 Most companies wouldn't send their work down the block (e.g. outsource to another company). Too many problems. Losing a core competency. Accountabilty, transparency, responsiveness, etc. Then how does sending it across an ocean make it all better? #4 Offshoring will roughly triple your work (as a dev). Teach your replacements, manage your replacements, QA/test the crap they create, give up when you've run out of time, and end up doing a last minute rewrite. #5 Want to know what working with offshore people is like? First, take your experiences herding project managers, business analysts, QA, testers, etc. All those "value add" corporate drones. Next, add language barriers, culture mismatch, timezone skew, complete lack of accountability and transparency, zero domain expertise, and very green developers. That's what working with offshore "teams" is like. #6 It's about the people. I'd outsource again if I was working with the best. I once sent a lot of our work to Europe (Belgium, Germany, Spain, France) because we found the best people to do some very specific work. The people we found were rockstars. Offloading specific tasks, plus all of the infrastructure and processes we had in place, was like a force multiplier for my team; it freed us up to work on other stuff. It was awesome. #7 Time to market is more important than cost. I simply cannot imagine a scenario where contracting / outsourcing / offshoring will shorten a project's schedule. (With the exception of #6.) #8 All the methodology stuff is mumbo jumbo. Agile, Scrum, SEI Level 5, ISO 9001, blah, blah, blah. Everyone we've worked with is well versed in all this crap. Doesn't count for squat. There's a difference between saying and doing. I'm sure you've interviewed lots of people. The candidates with resumes sporting all the vogue certifications are always a disappointment. They allegedly passed a test. But we give programming tests and they usually chowder. Tell me what you've done. Not what you know. Methodology is moot if you don't ship a useful, usable product. #9 During the last 5 years, our bean counters have tried to use Indians and Vietnamese. No expense was spared on training, sending people back and forth, etc. The people we got to meet were absolutely wonderful. I can't say enough how proud I am that our overseas peers are working in the field and trying to get ahead in life. Okay, done with the accolades. Pretend for a moment that offshoring to India is workable. In our experience, the turnover is incredible. At one time, the programmers we trained would last maybe 9 months, and then zing, they'd be off to higher paid job. So then you start over again with fresh meat, which is a reset (e.g. the forming, storming, norming, performing cycle). The Vietnamese people were super duper nice, and tried really really hard. But the language barrier proved insurmountable. I think there's probably some cultural stuff at play too, but we never really got past the most basic programming tasks, so I honestly couldn't say. #10 Our product (was once) in a new market. Emerging. And still changing rapidly. All these offshore "bodyshops" want requirements and specifications. Um, yea. Not possible. We're making it up as we go along. The customer doesn't know what they want until they see something. (Typical of an emerging market.) If you've ever written documentation (reqs, use cases, UML, specs, test plans, etc.) you know that it's just as hard and takes just as long as programming. In fact, it harder. Because you're explaining stuff to a green programmer who has no domain expertise. Frankly, at that level of details, it's just quicker and easier to write the code. #11 When (not if) the offshoring fails, you'll be blamed. You didn't try hard enough. Or you sabotaged the project. As though Tinkerbell really will fly, if you'd all just clap loud enough. ### Okay, I think that's my list. Like I said at the top, we've tried this offshoring thing multiple times. I'm absolutely certain it'll continue. Those of us actually doing the work have tried to argue, deflect, stop, etc. We always lose the debate. Now we're just numb and don't say anything. The bean counters are not like you and me. They go nuts when they see 1/5th the labor costs. That's the only number they care about. To them, we're all just interchangeable. They have exactly no idea what we do or how we work. Programming! Geesh! How hard could it be? And for these costs, I can get 5 times the number of programmers! We'll have 5 times more product! I've been around a lot of professions. Programming is a weird thing. We're dismissed and second guessed all the time. What other profession is this poorly regarded? People don't second guess their architects, plumber, doctor, contract manager, mechanic, geologist, etc. (Or maybe they do...) Okay. Rant over. Here's my advice. Find another job. Something that'll make you happy. I'm at a point in my life that I like having a steady job, health insurance, and accrued vacation time. And I'm not busting my ass working 80 hours a week making someone else rich again for a while. So I just smile, keep my head down, and quietly pick up the pieces after each failure. Such a life. If Thomas Friedman told me the sun rises in the East, I'd look to verify. If linking to a columnist, vs a news article, please include their name in the link. David Brooks enthusiastically supported Bush's Folly in Iraq. No mea culpa. For that alone, I won't support his efforts with my (reading) attention. I used to watch his tete a tete with Mark Shields on PBS. I can't imagine anyone being more consistently wrong (and wrong headed) about more things than David Brooks. And that's saying something. The list of always wrong about everything is pretty big: George Will, Charles Krauthammer, both Kristols, Thomas Friedman, Ted Nugent (haha), etc. Neocon concern trolls who aided and abetted the looting and destruction of our country deserve our mocking, not our links. Sorry, I don't read Andrew Sullivan. Supported invasion of Iraq, no mea culpa, wrong about pretty much everything else too. Nice. Support for unrepentant warmongers remains strong in geekdom. Losers. For what's its worth, I didn't read your criticism as a personal attack. More of an exhortation for bingo card guy to achieve his fullest potential. The mistake, as in navel gazing, is thinking that any one cares what you think of another person's life choices. Especially the object of your attention. Bingo card guy seems happy (enough) to me. Perhaps a better approach would have been to initiate a dialog, gently asking him for his input on some of your big sky ideas, subtly encouraging him to raise his aim. In the process, you'd maybe make a friend, and probably learn why he's made the choices he has. I know nothing about bingo card man, but imagine he's the primary care giver for a child or relative. Given a situation like that, I'd say he's a fucking genius for making some side money for comparatively little effort. In summation, chill dude. You spouted off. Wasn't personal. The haters will always be hating. So fuck 'em. How quaint. You're curiously naive, or willfully ignorant, of how the USA's system of political patronage works. Since when is right and wrong a factor in decision making? As for revolving door promotions (e.g. civil server to lobbying and back again), you seem blissfully unaware, or myopic, of the notion "conflict of interest". Before I let you go, tell me: What flavor of candy covered unicorns inhabit your fantasy world? Please. Continue. Huh? I'm pretty sure ad hominem doesn't mean what you think it means. And I'm quite certain that his listing of funders could be easily verified. So unless you have information to the contrary, I'd characterize that list as "fact based" vs "misleading". > Sounds more like the Federalist Society to me... Bingo. You're kidding, right? You asked for feedback, so here it is. Have you worked on any political campaigns? Candidates, issues, activism, anything? I have. Your NationBuilder is not yet a full product. Pitch your product to local campaign managers. That's the fastest way for you to get your course correction. Campaigns do need better tools. So I encourage you to keep at it. (If you're wondering why I just don't tell you what you need, I'm working on a business plan for something very similar. Also, I'd rather you earned the domain knowledge firsthand.) > About the issue of a "true capitalist," yes I am a libertarian at heart. And I do believe that people respond to incentives. Libertarian, maximum personal liberty. If you were a libertarian, you wouldn't care about the cheating. Let the little bastards screw themselves. Libertarian doctrine (such as it is) says nothing about incentives. Getting worked up about the cheating, you assume society (or at least your class room) should be merit-based. Pretty much the opposite of libertarianism. A clever teacher would figure out a way for students to police each other. I've seen it work to great effect. No one grades harder than a peer. Edit: I was being a dick, comment about whining removed. I need to apologise. I just RTFA. I really like your "future" section, the public projects, the peer reviews, the competitions. Exactly right. You are several steps ahead of me. My work dev laptop is bitchin fast, but runs slower than my 3 yr old personal. Because of useless software (cya-ware) installed by corporate IT. Useless anti-virus crap (ever hear of sudo?), ridiculous hard drive encryption, remote monitoring/management stuff. Just working in Eclipse, I often wait every single keystroke. Yes, Eclipse is mostly a pig, and I've disabled/closed everything I could. But I have zero hassles working on my personal laptop, even when I have video (or audio) running too. I've seen Penn & Teller live. Fucking great. Really amazing. I was a huge fan. Even bought their first book. Then they came out as anthropocentric climate change deniers. Plus, their cable show "Bullshit" was little more than Leno's Jaywalking, only meaner. So I had to flip the bozo bit on them. Meaning I've lumped them in with the neocons, creationists, libertarians, homophobes, 9/11 truthers, and other antisocial fruitcakes. Aside: I saw a geek news bit about you withdrawing (removing) your post and the heat you're getting. Dude, I'm so sorry. For future, I have two bits of advice. #1 Don't bury the lead. Like myself, the geek news bit also didn't get the point of your post. #2 Focus on the positive. Meaning that all negatives can be stated as a positive. So, were I to have written your blog post, I would have lead with your "future" section (peer reviews, competitions, contemporary projects), enthused about all the positives, and underplayed (or flat out omitted) the back story, the bullshit plagiarism software, the complicity of the administration (shocker!), the cheating students, etc. I definitely would not have responded directly to any personal criticism, especially not in public. That's always a trap. In conclusion, I think you did the right thing, are on the right track, and got burned by being the internet's chew toy of the moment. Lesson learned, move on. The intent is to make sure you're reading, not to insult. Asking for a silly rider to be removed is probably sufficient proof too. Love it. Both the analysis and "get involved" concluding advice. When money is considered free speech, gross inequity is the same as disenfranchisement of all but the richest. Another word for gross inequity is plutocracy. Bioinformatic workloads, huh? Sounds important. I don't believe you. If it was major number crunching, you'd batch that crap on the fastest servers you could afford. If it's interactive, the computer is waiting on you more than doing work. Just admit it: you're a technophile that likes to fiddle with all the knobs. Fine. Whatever floats your boat. But don't play stupid about the OP's article. HP, Dell, Lenovo, etc. have TERRIBLE marketing communications supported by TERRIBLE product family line ups. The OP's point (hello!) is Apple's simplified product family allows them to achieve better economies of scale then their competitors. Very simple. > An advantage of electronic voting is that the machines can be designed for use by the blind. Could be, but aren't. If you'd ever tried the 'accessibility' features of a touchscreen voting machine, you'd see the UX fail firsthand. (I've worked as a poll inspector.) There were other truly accessible solutions. The VotePad for instance. Low-tech plastic wrapper for existing ballots. Preserving both the secret ballot and public vote count. Alas, the inexpensive VotePad couldn't complete with the well financed crony capitalism juggernaut which brought us HAVA. I like the "vapor" poster. I wish I had thought of "voter verified vapor audit trail" back when I was fighting against these touchscreens. The short answer is all the election administration gear is rushed to market. The HAVA boondoogle created a gold fever land grab mentality. The products are shit. Not just insecure, but just complete garbage. Not to downplay the security concerns, but the poor reliability is a bigger threat. Especially since these systems fail silently and "testing" was a puppet show. The longer answer is that all voting gear I've seen (in the USA) treat security as an afterthought. Gear in use typically get "tamper evident" seals. But they're really lame (e.g. fall off) or the gear can be backdoored. I'm just talking the hardware here. The software situation is totally, scales of magnitude, worse. > it's so obvious that most people want the exact opposite? Ah yes, the fabled "free market". Subsidize sprawl with money looted from urban areas. People move the burbs. Claim it's demand driven. What impresses me is that people increasingly choose urban despite the sprawl tax. > but folks living in suburbs don't stop folks who like density from having it. Yes. They do. That giant sucking sound you hear are the burbs bleeding the urban tax base dry. Further, in my area, the burb leaders cock block anything that smells like it might help the urbans. My city would be sparkling and new if we didn't have to subsidize the standard of living of all the deadbeats in the burbs. Hi Ryan. Yup. Making a generalized statement about a widespread, general phenomenon: Urban centers subsidize everyone else, suburbs are freeloaders. This is really basic, uncontroversial information. Example county level: http://www.thestranger.com/seattle/welfare-state/Content?oid... State level: http://www.infoplease.com/ipa/A0923084.html Same thing happens at the local level. By deadbeats, I mean people too damned selfish to carry their own weight. You think because suburbanites pay some taxes, they're paying their own way? Suburbs would depopulate if we urbanites withheld our largess. > I can name ten(s) of cities in the United States that absolutely die the moment 5-6pm strike, but were couriered money in by suburbanites during the day and would have zero infrastructure otherwise. Citation please. (This should be interesting.) Digging down to the source material, the Strong Towns group does address Government Transfer Payments, explaining that all suburbs are subsidized. But they avoid offending anyone by pointing out that the suburbs were financed by the urban areas. In my experience, suburban dwellers don't like learning that they're parasites. Haha. Oops! How'd that happen...? Citation please. This should be fun. Unibody minor? Please. I'm on my 3rd MBP. I destroyed my 4 yr old model (last before unibody). The latest is model is wicked tough. I also have recent Dell and HP laptops. Pieces of shit. No comparison. substractive vs additive. As far as I know, there's no 3D printing technology nearly as strong as aluminum. Yet. My laptops go EVERYWHERE with me. I really beat the shit of out them. Despite the case and padded backpack. The right side sagged from where my wrist rests, a problem eliminated by the unibody. I put my thumb through the LCD, replaced it, and not being very handy, the case lost its factory fresh fit and finish. I'd appreciate named prefixes for these news/links, eg. "David Brooks: The Wrong Inequality". Thank you for prefixing your post with the pundit's name. > healthcare could be a lot less expensive, but since much of that expense comes from govt involvement Citation please. (In other words, you're wrong. And you know it.) Came here to say this. Thanks. I love Asepsis. Those .DS_store files really bug me. Because I have to show hidden files to see Eclipse's .project and .classpath files, that means I also have to see the zillion .DS_store files. Stupid, stupid file name choices by Eclipse. (Period prefixes are default hidden on Unix, for all you Windows users.) PS- TotalFinder is great too. Big improvement. PPS- Tried TotalTerminal for a while. It's okay. iTerm2 is enough better that I switched. Those are opinions, not citations. I'm surprised you didn't mention "tort reform" too, another one of the debunked talking points. If government is so bad, why does Medicare/Medicaid help more people at less cost than private insurance? I feel like I was just rick rolled. Please prefix the pundit's name to these links. As for this particular pundit, he lost me at "invade Iraq". After claiming the earth is flat, you'd think people would have learned to ignore this asshat. "Me too" reply concurring with your business analysis. Politely, respectfully disagree with recommendation for OpenVista. Of all the tech stacks I've worked with, only InterSystem's Cache (also popular for healthcare IT) is worse. Open government. Being very political and very active, during my personal time, I'm working on tools that I need to be more effective. Sunlight Foundation's stuff is a fair start. There are some other initiatives. The day job is just for healthcare and rent. It's a huge distraction. About the fabled RDF... I've attended some Apple keynotes. My first one, I was expecting to be mesmerized. Alas, Jobs was ok. Nailed the demo, said what he was going to say, nothing more, and then left the stage. A real pro. Grade 'A', but not life changing. I've seen RDF. Ever watch a charismatic evangelic Christian minister in action? A motivational speaker? A politician with the gift on the stump? Reading the early stories of RDF, I have the impression the RDF (charm, seduction) referred to a one-on-one phenomenon. As for public appearances, what distinguished Jobs from his peers is execution. Sorry fellas, but most of us geeks are introverts and shouldn't be giving demos. And sales pukes who make pitches are too often clearly full of crap. Further, most tech pitches that I've seen required why too much suspension of disbelief. Jobs @ Apple always had a clear vision he was selling. I didn't always buy in (too bad for me). But it was never like he was pulling a con. > but boy do they make my ears feel hot after a while I love the sound of over the ear headphones. Also, I get way too hot. (I also swap shoes for sandals, Mr Rogers style, once I get to work. Can't program with hot feet.) I alternate between Sony and Shure SE 215 earbuds when I need to work heads down. The Shure's are really effective. > Very often I had nothing to say, because how do you tell a team of co-workers that everything they're saying is wrong? Yup. I (think I) have four buckets: 1) Awesome! I'm stealing it! 2) Worse than wrong (h/t Murray Gell-Mann) aka not good enough to criticize. 3) Hmmm, worth chewing over. 4) I have absolutely no idea (please talk more). I'm more like Jason F, where I felt I had a moral obligation to fix things, and have had to learn to keep my mouth shut. The most insightful advice I ever got was "Sometimes you just have to let people fail. It's quicker than opposing them." Now I try to save my breathe for people who are worth my time and effort (investment). Please prefix the pundit neocon's name to these types of submissions. Linking on Thomas "Flat Earth" Friedman is the political equivalent of linking to goatse. Please prefix the pundit neocon's name to these types of submissions. Linking to David "Bobos" Brooks is the political equivalent of linking to goatse. Not to pass judgement, but if Brooks ever manages to tap out anything less than utterly wrong and contemptible, I'm quite certain someone else said it first, only better. Not groking TDD, I literally worked my way thru the book, doing each and every step, just to get the gist of the experience. TDD works fucking great. If you know what you're doing. Alas, that's a big IF. Most of the stuff I do, I'm just figuring shit out. Mostly, like when designing a new library, I work outside-in. I imagine how I'd want to do something, writing the client pseudocodeish stuff first, and then trying to make the implementation support my idealized programming mental model. I end up throwing away A LOT of code. Getting something short and sweet takes a lot of experimentation, most of which are duds. Though my personal approach of outside-in is trivially like TDD, it's not nearly as rigorous. Were I to be as thorough as TDD, I'd be spending all my time writing tests. Which seems pointless, for code I'm like just going to throw away. Anyway. Much respect for the guy who wrote that first TDD book. It's one of the few methodological strategies that works as advertised. Unrepentant war monger. If you really want to get worked up, watch one of his tete a tetes with Mark Shields on PBS (if they're still doing that). I'm surprised Brooks has the brain power to breathe. Anyway. Is it really too much to ask submitters to prefix their links with the celebrity neocons name? Cringely's not a fanboy. He's the quirky camp follower that spins a good yarn. Or a Zelig. Seriously, who does he not know? I love reading his stuff. Crazy ideas. Crazy insights, like that BBC TV connections guy. Always fun. Early PC Mag, Dvorak had a great column. Geeky insight, pretty good BS detector. Now he's just a crank with a libertarian vibe. Haven't read him in years. I actually met him once, early web days. Great guy. Learned he was a serious amateur civil war historian. Liking Dvorak (the guy) as much as I do, I stuck with him for a long time, hoping he'd get back to having fun. Oh well. Test Driven Development by Kent Beck http://www.amazon.com/Test-Driven-Development-Kent-Beck/dp/0... The journalist's job is not listing facts, but extracting a model of the truth from a sample set of observation data. A lie is still a lie. http://ethics.npr.org/ Journalists report. Pundits opine. You're one, or the other. You cannot be both. Or act like one while claiming to be the other. Smells like libertarian BS. Regulations aren't the problem. Young, small companies are the job creators. Not having affordable healthcare is the single biggest inhibitor to startups. Single payer healthcare would be the single largest job creating boost. Lopping the 1/3rd of costs, decapitating the blood sucking "insurance" racket, would make a significant dent in everyone's overhead. Medicare efficient enough for you? Cryptography is exactingly and excruciatingly hard to do at industrial strength. Related: Which is why I'm against any and all forms of electronic voting. I've done a fair share of crypto (as a user of crypto libraries) and I barely understand how it works. There's ZERO hope for the layperson to understand crypto-based voting systems. One of the central tenets of American style voting is a public vote count. Using crypto puts the "public vote count" into the hands of a the high priesthood (a few adepts), which is a really bad idea. Or are you saying that every individual voter needs to understand the inner workings of the system for it to be effective? Um, yea. That's what "public vote count" means. As for the technical competence of our nation's election administrators, have you not been paying attention? I've met many many. Great at elections. Terrible at computers. Completely and utterly reliant on the vendors. Who've manifestly demonstrated their complete inability to code their way out of a wet paper bag, much less be entrusted with the foundations of our democracy. Crypto-based voting systems are not designed to work for real-world elections. They work fine for contrived academic studies. They all rely on one's vote being lost within a herd of votes. So if your ballot is one of a million, and the ballots are simple with a few races/issues, it's easy to have a secure one-way hash with collisions. (The collisions make it impossible to work backwards to infer how each person voted.) Alas, real-world elections in the USA are administered at the precinct level. In my state, that's between 0 and 1000 registered voters. Further, a general election (November) ballot will have dozens of issues and races. So it's more than likely that any single ballot will be utterly unique. So with the voting systems I studied, it's trivial to infer how everyone voted. I could imagine crypto-based voting systems working for certain applications. Like corporate shareholder meetings. Or maybe Australian and British style parliamentary elections. (Don't hold me to the last guess, I only have cursory knowledge of their election systems.) Edit: I discussed these practical issues with one of the grad student authors of a crypto-based voting system. Being completely ignorant of real elections, he had NO IDEA what I was talking about. He denigrated my input; saying our elections should be easily tailored to accommodate crypto. (Good luck with that.) Maybe it's just me, but I'm of the opinion that people setting out to solve a problem should probably make some token effort to first understand the problem. YMMV. Terrific ideas. Can you cite any historical examples of when these strategies have succeeded? I'd hate to think you were just regurgitating neocon warmonger authoritarian dogma. > he's tackling a non-issue here IDK. The barriers to entry for RoR on the Mac are pretty high. I was keenly interested in an open source open government project (Sunlight Foundation). I tried to get it running on my Mac, on my personal time. I had direct expert help (friends who dev using Ruby, Rails, etc.). I understand the tool stack was churning, something about mismatched versions, runtimes, whatever. I gave up after three weeks. I don't care care how "awesome" Rails is. If it doesn't work out of the box, like all the LAMPs distros, devs will find something that does. I hate Spring, Maven, ORM and all the other webby enterprisey Java crap with the passion of a billion burning suns. But the RoR nonsense was a whole 'nother level of insanity. I'd rather take a bat to the face, or use PHP, than try RoR again. (I should add that my bad experience was ~1 year ago. Maybe things have improved. Alas, I've moved on to greener pastures.) +1 Reading your short list triggered a flashback. I struggled with everything you listed, probably more. When I made a run at getting an existing RoR project running on my Mac (~1 year ago), there was no shortage of howtos and advice. The problem was resolving all the contradictory information. As moe points out, the project home page should have the single source of validated truth on how to get RoR running on a Mac. Minimally. That such a source of truth didn't exist led me to conclude that Rails was run by amateurs and to not be taken seriously. > but your link is more of a hit piece than anything NewsMax. I'd sooner watch Fox News or read the gaggle of NYT's neocon pundits. Aragon's "rebuttal" of Lustig is nonsensical. He completely biffs Lustig's position on fruit (vis a vis Atkins Diet). In that lecture, Lustig says fruit is okay, whereas fruit juice isn't, because the fiber in fruit blocks the fructose from being metabolized, while the glucose gets used. Lustig may be right or wrong. But criticisms should be about what he actually said. Since Lustig publishes his research and results, Aragon could step up act like a scientist and either refute or confirm Lustig's data. But sciencificalologeries is hard work, whereas just making shit up is pretty easy. Further, while I'm on board with Lustig's science, and conclusions, and strategy, I've personally adopted a nutrition somewhere between Eat To Live and Dr Terry Wahls "eat 9 cups of fruit and veggies per day". Works great for me. Sorry for the noob question: How does one prevent cheating/hacking with a client-side runtime? Is there a crucial dividing line of functionality between server- and client-side functions? Say perhaps fog of war and client's only get the position updates of visible enemies? If there are best practices / conventional wisdom, pointers (links) would be appreciated. Thanks! Egor, I very much appreciate your efforts. That's a lot of examples, a whole lot work. I'm a complete noob about browser security stuff. So I had to lookup "CSRF". Maybe spell out acronyms or link to their definitions. Cross-site request forgery http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Cross-site_request_forgery https://www.owasp.org/index.php/Cross-Site_Request_Forgery_(... Since I'm working on some public facing websites, and need to learn this stuff, your work is definitely helpful. Thank you. plaintext + gzip is preferable to binary. The early adopters of XML saw their choices as semistructured text vs nice parseable XML. The third choice, creating grammars, was ignored. Grammars for most configuration or data transfer or protocols are trivial. Certainly since ANTLR 2.x. Much more trivial than any equivalent XML-based parse and validation tool stack. FWIW, ASN.1 is worse that XML. Not a defense of XML; all uses of XML are incorrect. For my own work, I use a format descended from VRML that I call ARON (A Righteous Object Notation). It concisely describes groves (trees annotated with key/values) and supports most commonly used datatypes. So it's a bit more concise that JSON or YAML and a lot more strongly typed. Here's an example test file: http://code.google.com/p/aron/source/browse/trunk/test/cronk... I use ARON for all my own projects, as you can see, it's not really polished enough for others (yet). As this example shows, I mostly use it to loft Java object graphs. I haven't reimplemented VRML's prototyping (DEF / USE) functionality in this branch (yet). I added lightweight path expressions to LOX (Lightweight Objects for XML). It's a modern XML object model, that's easy to inspect, with built in support for xpath-like expressions (globbing, really), without all the suckage. http://code.google.com/p/lox/ Here's some example of path expressions. http://code.google.com/p/lox/source/browse/trunk/test/lox/te... Works fantastically. I use LOX for all my own XML work. My ARON project doesn't support path expressions in the same way. ARON's grammar only supports drill down dot notation, like "parent.child.grandchild". And, thus far, I've only used ARON to loft Java object graphs, so I haven't needed an object model with path expressions. I'd love to see a high level, statically typed language with built-in path expression. Groovy's GPath is closest to the mark that I've seen. (I really need to polish these open source side projects. And publicize them.) Thanks! It was a lot of fun and proven very useful. Biggest reason is conciseness (less code), followed by ease of debugging. When using JXPath or Jaxen, you have to use contexts. Pseudo code (from memory): Node n = new Node( "ugh" ); // add some children here JXPathContext c = new JXPathContext( n ); NodeList list = c.eval( "child" ); for( int i = 0; i Whereas LOX does it like this: Element e = new Element( "ugh" ); // Add some children here for( Element e : e.find( "child" )) { ... } I do a lot of ETL work (XML -> SQL). The ability to debug (interactive inspection) speeds development. I'm sure you've tried to debug XPath expressions. Not easy. Happily, all of the LOX's object implement toString() method to render their XML content. And the evaluation of path expressions, while not easy, is feasible. Whereas with JXPath or Jaxen, it's damned near impossible. (I've written a few object adapters for JXPath; getting them right is black magic.) (Love your metaphors/adjectives.) Grammars aren't easy, but not currently no harder than XSD. Further, DSLs are all the rage. Personally, I prefer to use a pro tool like ANTLR to some in language voodoo with Scale (or some such). LALR (lex/yacc) kicked my ass. Just could not understand it. LL(k) (ANTLR 2.x, JavaCC) was a struggle. But I slogged thru it. LL(*) (ANTLR 3.x) is a pleasure to work with. I really enjoy it. For example, the delta between SQL's (idealized) BNF and my SQL ANTLR grammar is very small. ANTLR 4.x, currently in progress, will do left recursion, which I haven't played with yet. I'm not too worried about adoption. My tools make me more productive. If my competitors choose to use rocks for hammering, I'm okay with it. Lastly, I indent with tabs. Old habits die hard. :) Adaptable, not stupid. The ability to filter noise is a huge advantage. But then I'd have to use DOM4j. More seriously, I didn't even think to look at DOM4j again, so didn't know it wrapped JXPath. I had been using XOM for a while, a HUGE improvement over JDOM and DOM4j. Elliot Harold's FAQ and slides explain his improvements. LOX has an even more simple object model, uses JDK 1.5 idioms, and is MUCH easier to interactively debug. (LOX also doesn't recognize namespaces, which keeps it simple.) When it came time to do path expressions, I initially used JXPath and then Jaxen. Both are very hard to debug. After a hard rethink, wanting an API that supports how I like to work, I dropped XPath and came up something a lot more simple, a lot smaller, and closer to how I work. LOX's path expressions have only 1-axis (to use a XPath-ism), parent to child. I've never used any of the other axis, so no big loss. LOX also supports globbing (wildcarding) syntax, which is a huge win over XPath. If by "assault" the OP (Ruslan Kogan) means "angry blog posts" and by "capitalism" he means unbridled corporatism, where Wall St creates bubbles to better gamble their investors monies, where the needs of a burgeoning military / industrial / penal complex peddle human death and misery for profit, where agribusiness monetized the seeds of life, where regulatory capture by cartels is the norm, and where radical laissez faire policies have gutted transparency, accountability, the rule of law, and a fair and impartial court system... Then, yea, the OP has a point. As for Apple, Foxconn, and labor: Apple will continue to adopt modest labor practice improvements because it raises the cost of entry to any would be competitors. In other words, customer driven demands for increased wages and better working conditions will help cement Apple's front runner position. Which I think is quite brilliant, in a Machiavellian sort of way. The thing I notice most about the DrChrono site is they still don't have an answer for getting competitors to share data. No biggie, no one has answered that question yet. Well, actually, we do know the answer: universal healthcare (aka "single payer"), where the players aren't competitors. I designed, implemented, and supported a handful of regional healthcare exchanges. Five exchanges, 80 hospitals, plus misc guarantors, scripts, ambulance services, lab orders & results, etc. So I have some experience. What I learned is this: Every single player thinks our medical records are THEIR records, to use, abuse, and monetize at will. Last time I checked, DrChrono has expanded their product offering (billing, scheduling, etc), which makes them more of a physicians practice management (much needed!). I believe this is a recognition that truly portable medical records is a LONG WAY OFF in the USA. It's a political problem, not a technical problem. (That DrChrono seems to be reality-based pleased me.) Quantity AND quality. Market design is wicked hard. That's the role of governments. Business (court) law, a fair and impartial judiciary, enforcement, currency, etc. I don't mind so much that any particular system is broken. What troubles me is how hard it is to fix. We're all staring at the elephant in the room. But the incumbent vested parties making a buck from a broken system, to the detriment of everyone else, are super effective at blocking reform. Minard's graph is brilliant. On my to do list: a graph that shows the loss of voters casting ballots. I needed a way to show how postal balloting disenfranchises voters (what it gives, it equally takes away). Voting age population -> registered to vote -> voter received ballot -> returned ballot -> elections rcvd ballot -> signature verification -> challenged ballots -> overvotes/undervotes, voter intent, adjudication -> tabulated. Great stuff. Thanks for sharing. It'd be great to apply your algorithm per issue. During Camp Wellstone training (grassroots political organizing), they taught us a tool called a Power Map. The two axis are yes v no and influence. You graph each person voting. Then you draw arrows to show who influences who. It helps to identify where you should focus your lobbying. One point that stood out is that a Power Map is needed to be done for each issue, because many many votes don't come down on partisan lines (eg local and state, ymmv). Just like there's different types of intelligence, beauty, taste, etc. So I'm cool with your definition. In one of the Feynman books, a colleague said something like: With most really smart people, when they explain something to you, you get can it and think to yourself "I could of thought of that, if I was smarter." But with Feynman's work, even after you understood it, you'd think "How in the world did he come up with this?!" Citation please. Do you have examples of tax cuts leading to job creation? I've taken and stayed at crap jobs precisely for the health insurance. When I was consulting, I was self-insured thru my state's insurance of last resort. Expensive, while it was available. The cost of health insurance is an active deterrent to me risking my own startups. Hypocrisy and contradictions from the free market zealots is nothing new. And yet I remain stunned that the same freaks who say they want a flexible work force, ya know, that whole "free market" thang, actively oppose the single biggest enabler to a mobile work force, universal health insurance. > It was called the principle of shareholder value maximization. But that's not what happened. It was just rhetoric for covering executive team compensation maximization. Shareholders have been screwed along with the rest of us (he says while checking his 401k). Wild-eyed socialist that I am, the single biggest, quickest improvement to corporate responsibility and governance would be to increase shareholder rights. Is Medicare a monopoly? They're just the payer. There's still an entire ecosystem of value-add private entities. Clinics, hospitals, specialists, pharmaceuticals, equipment mfg, labs, etc. I understand everyone's reservations about bureaucratic inefficiency. The key is in the incentives. Single payer enables the capitation model of service, where people are rewarded for staying healthy. Versus the current model where everyone profits from disease. That's why single payer is (generally) cheaper per capita with better results. I'm ignorant of hedge funds, so can't comment. I have read many laments from institutional investors about being screwed; they're the shareholders I'm thinking of (eg my county's investment manager, the team managing my 401k). I'm aware of the "low information voter" problem. And yet I'm a pollyanna. I believe (as a matter of faith) that high quality information leads to high quality decisions. Given the choice between corporate rule (oligarchy) and mob rule, I guess I'd side with the mob. Fructose (et al) consumption is the result of distorted farm policy. Removes the subsidies, nutritional value of food supply will (hopefully) return to "normal", public health will improve. Stil, it's a pretty good question. Doctors generally don't push nutrition. I think that's changing as the best available science continues to improve and be more broadly accepted. I personally evangelize the "cave man diet", probably to the point of annoyance. But the real driver is coming from public awareness and social change. There are now serious efforts to limit, tax, regulate, remove sugars from a public policy standpoint. Examples are taxes on candy, removing vending machines from public schools, etc. Capitation, by focusing a wellness and efficiency, would accelerate that trend. Since we're comparing anecdotes, friend #1 went to Thailand for eye surgery ($5k vs a gajillion dollars), friend #2 went to India for Lasik (sic?). Yes, like all other systems, universal health care has problems. Canada definitely has a shortage of specialists in rural areas. So what? The USA has plenty of shortages. If you desire "honesty" in a policy debate, I encourage you to start with the widely published, thoroughly vetted, and oft cited comparative studies. If you're feeling very daring indeed, and want to learn something, you could start with google. http://www.google.com/search?q=health+care+costs+per+capita http://www.google.com/search?q=life+expectancy+by+country TL;DR: Canadians spend 1/2 per person and live 2 years longer. I was the IT guy for an electrical contractor. I observed the benefit of having set roles. You need fiber spliced? Call the union hall and ask for that skill and they'll send you a worker that absolutely will be able to do that specific task. The benefit of outsourcing the vetting, training, and qualifications to the union hall was huge. (And better than any temp agency I've ever seen or heard about.) In other professions, I have no doubt that silly shop floors rules (need an elevator operator to work the elevator) are terrible. I've heard the stories, many by union members that disagree. My guess is those silly rules start as buyoffs / payola (quid pro quo during some negotation years ago) and became institutionalized. You may not have been present during XML's ascendency. Naggum's rhetorical voice was a totally appropriate response. Being shouted down by the XML goon squad got real old real fast. With tech gear, I think it comes down to finding cheap parts. I once salvaged two Xerox Star dedicated wordprocessors creating one working unit. They were ancient when I fixed it. Had never seen one before or since. But this person was still doing contract wordprocessing with it (which is so boss). Counter example... I dropped a coffee mug onto my Powerbook G4, breaking the motherboard (thru the 'O' key). I kept that brick for a long time, waiting for logic boards to come down in price. At no point was the repair cost lower than the replace (with the latest greatest) cost. In order for this to have worked, I'd have to horde broken and dead Powerbooks. FWIW, re Apple products, I've repaired my iPod (HDD), iPhone (battery), and laptops (screens, touchpad, DVD). In general Apple products aren't designed to be repaired. Not like a corporate issue Dell or HP. I haven't cracked open my unibody model yet, so don't know if that's improved. But the tear downs of iPad show that it'd be trivial to repair. Another facet to consumption culture is the cost of ownership. After a tipping point, your stuff owns you. Having stuff and clutter makes me feel anxious. I've been unloading everything that's not essential. eg, I only used my microwave to heat water for tea. And it was pain in the ass to clean within and around. So it went to the curb, snatched up within minutes. Envy! I'd love to have my mom's old Singer. I've shopped around a bit, the new stuff is complicated and breakable. I'd love someone to make a tank of a laser printer. Like just clone an HP LaserJet 6 (the pinnacle). Make the internals open source, the paper trays modular, and boom. Most printers are sold on price. But I think a small niche player selling durable printers with low consumable costs could do well. Very similar to my concerns for running non-free software inside our democracies. Idea #22 is a web version (realization) of Lotus Improv. He's old enough that he should know better. http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Lotus_Improv I've been waiting ages for this. Desktop, web-based, tablets, however. Old timers may recall that Lotus Symphony had both database and spreadsheet features, like a multi-app. It was cool. At the time, Lotus Improv seemed like a healthy fusion, next logical step, minimum viable product. Improv was victim of the Innovators Dilemma plus installed base inertia. I remain impressed that even with their market dominance, Lotus was experimenting, releasing crazy new products, and willing to eat their own children. (Though I can't forgive Lotus Notes, sorry.) PG's original blurb ( http://ycombinator.com/ideas.html ): "22. A web-based Excel/database hybrid. People often use Excel as a lightweight database. I suspect there's an opportunity to create the program such users wish existed, and that there are new things you could do if it were web-based. Like make it easier to get data into it, through forms or scraping. Don't make it feel like a database. That frightens people. The question to ask is: how much can I let people do without defining structure? You want the database equivalent of a language that makes its easy to keep data in linked lists. (Which means you probably want to write it in one.)" Ragic claims to be a fulfillment of Idea #22. I haven't tried it, so can't comment. I'm just observing that Improv predates Idea #22 by about 1.5 decades. "There were often a few token people who were allowed to stay on in town provisionally: usually, they offered an unusual trade or service that a small town relied on, and were thus granted an exception to the sundown rules." http://dneiwert.blogspot.com/2008/01/how-to-out-sundown-town... Preface: I'm a white American, with plenty of WASP guilt. I forget the issue, but an African-American was in the news spewing the standard reprehensible winger talking points. An African-American coworker of mine said "There's always one", shaking his head in disgust. He probably let his guard down around me, because we got to know each other pretty well and he knew of my political activism (voting issues). I asked him to explain. He said no matter how stupid or extreme an issue, the white man could always find some black man to voice support. I'm guessing that "there's always one" is a cliche in the African-American world. Spike Lee's Boyz in the Hood, a fucking great movie, had scene depicting this phenomenon. So, in sum, when Clarence Thomas, Condi, or that US Rep Allen fruitcake says something retarded, it's still retarded, and I don't have to measure my criticism (of the idea) just because I'm white and the speaker is black. Run for office. See for yourself what it takes to win. Then check back with us. Yea! Because people are stoopid! Stoopid people shouldn't vote! "the only sane way of working with it is to subvert it." Perhaps. In my projects, I use wrapped exceptions to convert "what blew up" exceptions into "what to do about it" exceptions. A poor man's event routing. For example, I wrote an ETL workflow thingie that would retry, reset, restart, backoff (throttle) depending on what was failing. I'd be totally game for pre declaring what exceptions your code will catch, harkening back to the days of "on message do this" type programming. Then the compiler can tell verify that all the thrown exceptions get caught by somebody. Meanwhile, I've never had a problem with checked exceptions. Methinks the real cause of angst over checked exceptions are all these mindless frameworks, APIs, libraries, strategies, design patterns, aspects, inversion of common sense, injection of nonsense, etc. The complexity borne of the manner in which Spring, JPA, Hibernate, connection pooling, aspects, MVC, blah blah blah attempt to hide, obfuscate, decouple, mystify, pseudo architect "solutions" ... well, it's just insane. Someone upthread off-handedly noted the irony of declaring all these exceptions only to have the main event loop eat an exception without any logging. Story of my life. Debugging silent death failures really, really sucks. Which is why I work as "close to the metal" as possible and worry not about unchecked exceptions. I don't understand many shareholder lawsuits. Especially when the lawsuits are robo-generated, eg once a stock's value crosses a threshold. It seems like unnecessary, unproductive overhead. Like anyone is guaranteed a profit. As for Facebook, I'm ambivalent. Kinda like the housing bubble. Everyone with have a twit knew that prices were inflated. Most all the players were bad actors. And the people who choose to gamble, well, tough noogies. But what I do get worked up about is fraud. If Facebook lied, like the mortgage brokers, lenders, foreclosure goons, etc, as in made false statements in their filings, equivalent to committing purjury, then throw that book at them. That's contract law. There's no way for an open market to function well if the players are allowed to lie about legal statements. (Not that I think Facebook lied. Nor do I care; I'm not an investor. I'm just kinda amused that so many people were fleeced.) (My snarky response about voters being stoopid is more about the undemocratic impulses of libertarian fruitcakes. People given high quality information make high quality decisions. The remedy for bad decisions is education and patience, not yanking people's rights.) Potential upsides. Rarely realized. I'd rather pay for more cops. These technologies are just used to put more distance between the corporate profits and accountability to the communities effected. As a history lesson, dehumanizing intelligence services, preferring satellites and wiretaps to HUMINT, has crippled our capabilities. But it did enrich defense contractors, so it's all good. There are many, many Americas. City folk like to walk. The others not so much. Suburbanites DRIVE to the gym. We had some visitors from another office, took them to lunch, made it to the crosswalk (200ft), they asked "How far away is this place? We should have just driven." My medications are not optional.