https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Open-source_software > Open-source software (OSS) is a type of computer software in which source code is released under a license in which the copyright holder grants users the rights to study, change, and distribute the software to anyone and for any purpose. The difference between open source and free software is only ideological - you are probably thinking of shared source or source available. You should send a pull request. https://github.com/opengaming/osgameclones > KDE was a mess because the Qt3 to Q4 change was a humongous change. KDE 4 was a mess because in addition to the Qt upgrade they decided to jump on the semantic nonsense fad as well as develop a completely separate set of widgets for the desktop and the shoehorn those things into everything. Oh then there was the overengineered PIM framework that starts a MySQL server on your desktop system even if all you want is to have holidays being highlighted in the clock widget's calendar. Also they released what was still an alpha at best as 4.0 - version numbers for user facing releases do matter. https://gcc.gnu.org/onlinedocs/gcc/x86-Options.html -mfpmath=unit Generate floating-point arithmetic for selected unit unit. The choices for unit are: ‘387’ Use the standard 387 floating-point coprocessor present on the majority of chips and emulated otherwise. Code compiled with this option runs almost everywhere. The temporary results are computed in 80-bit precision instead of the precision specified by the type, resulting in slightly different results compared to most of other chips. See -ffloat-store for more detailed description. This is the default choice for non-Darwin x86-32 targets. > well there is this: #ifdef _MSC_VER __declspec( align(16) ) struct float4 { float v[4]; }; #else struct float4 { float v[4]; } __attribute__ ((aligned(16))); #endif I don't understand what you are trying to say here? Why not just use struct alignas(16) float4 { float v[4]; }; You can even put both __declspec( align(16) ) and __attribute__ ((aligned(16))) in the same place if you want to have a fallback for older compilers. > Until today, I don’t know if any other *nix has sorted out ABI compatibility across architectures, which allowed running applications cross-compiled for another target to run against the memory-resident kernel without virtualization (only instruction emulation when needed). QEMU supports user-space emulation on Linux, for example you can run an ARM binary on top of a amd64 kernel. x86 on top of amd64 kernels works OOTB. How do you manage with only 512 MB RAM? Couldn't you use a union for that? class string { union { const char *referenced; char *copied; } data; bool copied; public: string(const char *source, booly copy) { if(copy) { data.copied = strdup(source); copied = true; } else { data.referenced = source; copied = false; } } operator const char *() const { return copied ? data.copied : data.referenced; } ~string() { if(copied) { free(data.copied); } } }; No const_cast and no wasted memory and it's clear that you are storing two semantically different types. I would expect the conversion operator to optimize down to a noop since in all cases the returned address is equal to this . Productivity boost from not writing tests or thinking about function preconditions is also nice ... until it isn't. Relevant: make-linux-fast-again.com Why does MSVC actually need import libraries? It seems MinGW is able to link against just the .DLL without problems even on Windows. > So does linux, for that matter--ever try running a program linked to a newer version of glibc? That doesn't mean the interface isn't stable or at least not less stable than the kernel interface or literally any iterface for something that is still being developed. It would be nice if glibc would provide an easy way to target the ABI of an older version (which is compatible with all newer versions) but you can do that the manual way by compiling and linking against that old version. > Given glibc isn't part of the OS, and that hence you can statically link to it Unless you want to use any other library on the OS, for example 3D graphics drivers which tend to have hardware-specific parts in userspace. > Overall it seems to me like coding against direct syscall numbers is a disadvantage on almost every front. Which is why noone does it unless they have a very good reason. > But every other library that you don't ship with your binary is essentially out to break your stuff. There are many more lower level libraries that provide binary backwards compatibility: libasound, libX11, libGL, ... Sure you're not going to be able to assume that /usr/lib/libpng.so.1 will provide the functionality that you want but that isn't any different from png1.dll some program installed in system32. Something like that is what I am hoping we get with contracts when they make it into C++. Although the versions so far only add constraints to functions, having them on types as well sounds very useful. Any idea why GCC zeroes out eax before overwriting it? It never fails to amaze me how smart compilers can be while also being so stupid sometimes. On the other hand until relatively recently they have been bad at recognizing loads/stores of larger integers implemented using byte loads and shifts and then optimizing that into larger loads (for architectures where unaligned loads are allowed). Doing it this way allows you to completely delegate any little/big/weird endian concerns to the compiler. If only you could specify overflow behavior and value range separately. Except if b is a directory, then ln -s a b will create a symlink at b/a which points to a. Oh, nice info. It's gone when using e.g. -march=znver1. > Creating a non-UTF8 rust string is UB. So how does rust deal with filenames under Linux? Use somethinge other than strings? > With an optional do-not-block attribute. Which would be honored just like Do-Not-Track? Seems only fair. Look up what (int*)ptr does in C. This attitude is the best argument for not using rust I have seen so far. One nice speed improvement for linking C++ (and I imagine C as well) with GCC and Clang is -gsplit-dwarf which does not link debug information but instead only references the original object files. This of course only makes sense for development where the object files are still available for GDB to load the debug symbols from but it is a nice feature. The MSVC linker has /DEBUG:FASTLINK as well. You can have const variables on the stack. Those will not have hardware write protection but it's still undefined to write to them. It's hardly C semantics that const memory should not ever be written to, otherwise there would be no need for the distinction at the LLVM ir level. This assumes the --option=value syntax which while a de-facto standard on Unix-like systems is unfortunately not supported by all programs. I agree that system() (in C and other langues that simply copied it) is a bad API. For shell escaping a command to start a process with a list of arguments would be enough, and even POSIX C has you covered there with vararg and array variants. [1] [1] http://man7.org/linux/man-pages/man3/posix_spawn.3.html (or fork() + exec()) Then concatenating to valid Unicode documents would no longer be valid Unicode. That is bad. And ASCII text would no longer be a valid UTF-8 encoded Unicode document. That is bad. And even when everything has finally switched to UTF-8 every tool ever will still need to handle the BOM. That is bad. Guessing between valid UTF-8 and Latin-1 is only ever ambiguous when there are multiple non-ASCII characters in a row and all those sequences are made up of a lead byte with the correct number of trailing bytes. How often is that a problem for you in practice? Nvidia can release an open-source kernel driver. They have just figured out that inconveniencing their customers is cheaper than paying developers. Have you tried Darktable? But you won't get the detailed HTML output that tells you why Clang Analyzer things a problem exists. You can also get run-time checks in libstdc++ and libc++ with -D_GLIBCXX_DEBUG -D_GLIBCXX_DEBUG_PEDANTIC and -D_LIBCPP_DEBUG=1. Clang has support for cross-compiling [1] without needing separate builds for each target so you should be able to use clang-analyzer and clang-tidy whit the right -target flag for your ARM platform. https://clang.llvm.org/docs/CrossCompilation.html Besides that, most bugs found by static analysis are platform independent so you should be able to use any static analyzer you get your hands on as long as your code is cross-platform. I only hear about PVS-Studio from their adticles that they agressively post to programming-related communities. Idk about nVidia since they insist on being a special snowflake in the Linux graphics ecosystem but for everything else you can add arbitrary display modes with xrandr and and then either let your display do the upscaling (might not support all resolutions) or configure your GPU to do it. Most displays also just advertise a number of smaller resolutions - does yours not do that? > Valve basically single handedly created Linux gaming. Valve's influence has been immensely positive for Linux gaming but saying they created it is ridiculous. I was playing on Linux just fine before Steam was ported. Valve's contributions very much stand on top of the efforts of those that came before them. Sure there were 4 if you ignore those published by id, those ported by Loki and LGP and forget that Humble Bundle was a thing before S4L. The number of available games has increased greatly but before S4L was released I already had a backlog of games to play. So to make GitLab faster you are going to add more JS bloat. Ok. I went to 3840x1600 - as wide as two Full HD screens but with a bit more vertical space and no bevel in the middle. Is this supposed to be a good thing? While some ATMs have limits like that, there are many that let you select a custom amount - I regularly withdraw amounts like 45€ or 95€ to make sure I get some smaller bills. Also, you can't just reuse the same colors for syntax highlighting in dark mode. Saturation needs to be turned down compared to light mode or everthing looks like a mess of colors. > You opt in to first party telemetry by using gitlab. It is impossible for you not to send data to gitlab when using gitlab. There is still a difference between sending actions you selected to the server and tracking where you move the mouse while on the page in your browser or other bs like that. One is required to implement the functionality, the other is not. Is that the same community that is complaining now? That part is actually positive though - if you want to squat a domain for over 100 days too bad. I also use a CC from a bank that does not have a presence in my town to withdraw. I think it just depends on the ATM. Steam launched 16 years ago. Saying Epic is at most 16 years behind is not really a good argument. Then you aren't hosting your own website from home anymore. tt-rss works well enough for me as a google reader replacement Better even since it has plugins to inline some comic strips where the RSS feeds are just links to the pages. What you describe sounds very much like a feature request, and one that would add overhead compared to the existing implementation. > There's some expansion that can be done on that third option. Even if I'm not very invested in a project, I'd be happy to mention a bug if it were easy to do. But my experience has been that, if I report the bug, I'm going to start getting asked for details about my system, and asked to try a bunch of things to try and sort out the reproduction steps, and possibly even have maintainers getting frustrated with me if I don't want to fix the problem myself. A quality bug report should include system details and detailed reproduction steps. Expecting "something didn't work for me" to leat to a fix is unreasonable, especially when you expect unpaid vonlunteers to do the work. And then you get people complaining about being asked to provide additional details. You can find some of them in this thread. Ironically the change described in this article will give the CDN more information as it now receives a request for each site and not just the first. That should not happen on rolling release distros either - sounds like it would be a NixOS packaging issue where the version (or git commit hash) of Mesa/LLVM is missing or the Nix package applied patches without changing the version in the cache key. > TR3 does have larger L3, but the 3900X isn't a slouch either with 64MB of it. And L3 scales with the number of chiplets, which rooughly scales with core count, so a 16 core TR would "only" have 64MB L3 too unless they used garbage chiplets with half of the cores disabled. The FX processors got a lot of flak over the core count vs number of floating point units, but for compiling my FX 8350 has been doing just fine. Still looking to upgrade to a TR 3970X though when the become available. https://archiveprogram.github.com/#arctic-code-vault > The snapshot will consist of the HEAD of the default branch of each repository, minus any binaries larger than 100KB in size. Each repository will be packaged as a single TAR file. 100KB is a very low limit, many repos will be useless Usually getting a upper bound on when something was first published is easier than finding out when and if some random person has died. 5- Check in together with someone else who is carrying less. > you can turn them off Often only through the Vendor's software that of course is only available for Windows. One next step that I don't think C++ compilers do yet is deduplicate functions that differ only in constants used or functions called. This could help with std::sort-style functions where the outer algorithm can work on generic pointers and only the comparison is a call to a different function. CNAME is a red herring - it would not take that much more effort to delegate the subdomain to a name server controlled by the tracking service or just dynamically update the A/AAAA records yourself. > It feels like being penalised for doing the right thing. Just because there are worse things to do does not make Piwik the right thing. The right thing is not to collect the data at all. > What does that numpad offer that is not already on the rest of the keyboard? Additional keys. I use mine for macros. This could actually change performance though as the lambda version gives you a unique templace instantiation of std::transform while the non-lambda version requires std::transform to be inlined into the caller (or cloned to an argument-specific version) before the compiler can make any optimizations based on its knowledge of toupper. > the solutions will simply be games designed around these issues pretty much how many modern games are designed around the limitations of a console controller or a mobile phone touch screen If that happens it will just be another big negative impact of Stadia. Yeah, please don't add lazy loading. - It breaks viewing the site with javascript disabled. - It prevents viewing the site offline (e.g. on an airplane) without first scrolling through the whole content while online. - Unless implemented perfectly it adds delays before content you have scrolled to becomes visible. Deciding when to load stuff should be the browser's job. Don't reimplement the browser in javascript. Please remove lazy loading completely and instead leave the decision when to load content to the browser. Static content should never use any scripts. In what way is HTML5 is inherently slower than previous versions? Pages tend to be slow because of the tracking and adds addded to them as well as client-side "rendering" for static content. None of that is required by HTML5. Once you start transforming a document you always risk discarding information that later will turn out to be useful. Besides, I bet images, videos and other non-text data dwarf the space required by HTML markup. mpv can stream directly from youtube (and tons of other websites) using youtube-dl. Combine that with a browser plugin to play a link or the curent page in mpv. Infinitely better experience than watching in the browser. Hacker News isn't really comaparable to the different niche subreddits that I am subscribed to. At the same time I am not interested at all in the business-related articles that are also part of this site. That's why I still use reddit: I can subscribe to the topics I like while filtering out others or only viewing them when I'm bored. Do you have a reason to assume that Stadia will be around for a long while? > The solution was to configure my .editorconfig file to use tabs for makefiles The real solution is to not have your editor silently convert tabs to spaces, ever. > At least on eBay it’s much more common to get a picture of the actual product This part can be really annoying. I have been trying to collect all different boxed/DVD/etc releases of an old game and the Amazon listing just shows promotional cover art that I now suspect was never used for retail copies of the game (the publisher on the cover was bought out by another one before the game released). Definitely none of the copies that I got from that listing matched the image shown. On eBay you might need to sift through many listings to find the best price but at least you can usually see which version you are buying. eBay lets you filter for listings from the same country / continent / everything - Amazon definitely needs something like that. > memory from 8 Gb to 16 Gb 2 GiB total is not a lot Games tend to be optimized for framerates so it makes sense to sacrifice load times for that. Of course there are plenty of games that are just badly optimized and could improve both framerates and load times. I have that set too but still use https://addons.mozilla.org/de/firefox/addon/old-reddit-redir... to make sure I don't accidentally share a link to that awful new interface. Yet they insist on auto-playing the next video when most users will not be interested in that. Serving all comments is much less data than even the initial buffer of the video. The real reason I think is that a user reading comments on youtube isn't watching ads during that time. In that case just use sans-serif or a web-safe font and avoid the third-party dependency. You ISP still sees which IP addresses you eventually connect to. > If you want a new domain and to keep your backlinks you can 302 the old domain to the new. Which will only work as long as you keep paying for the old domain. > CK2 only working on xorg, HOI4 only working on x11 (or the other way around) Not sure what you meant, but X.Org is an implementaion of X11 so this doesn't make any sense. > It doesn't surprise me at all. That number would have been zero without emulation like wine/Proton though. No it wouldn't - there would still be people who like playing games and use Linux even if they couldn't play those games under Linux. Proton doesn't add anything to that. Mostly unwanted functionality. Random (but plausible) values seem like a much better solution than just default values - you don't just hide as much identifying information as possible but you also poinsin the information that may still be there. The problem is that even if you can disable this one, it's enabled by default and browserv vendors keep adding this shit without any concern for the privacy impact. Plus, there are already PCIe 4 NVMe SSDs. That's like saying a broken lock works perfectly if only authorized people ever try to enter. Now I want to be able to git reset --hard my kitchen. I was fine with using light mode on a single 24" screen switched to dark mode once I got a 38" ultrawide - there is just no way I am staring at a mostly white screen of that size for all day. Wait people still leave atime enabled? > Decompressing and recompressing a zip gives a lossless copy of the actual data, but there's no way to reconstruct the same exact zip you started with. I don't think getting the same JPEG is the goal here but getting a JPEG that decodes to the same image data. It's oder-sensitive under X11 but many of the the default combinations are duplicated with the reverse order. > to do MSAA on a deferred renderer you need to take it into account in your pixel shaders, which in practice means that basically nobody does it I think the bigger problem with doing MSAA with deferred rendering is that your G buffer gets even bigger since you now need to store information for each sample. In C++, argument-dependent lookup ( https://en.cppreference.com/w/cpp/language/adl ) lets you specify operators in the same namespace as the type of (any of) their arguments. > The lose part is supporting people who would otherwise work and contribute to the economy. Why do you think that having everyone contribute to the economy should be the goal? Are you absolutely certain that your acquaintance does not have a positive impact on those around him while he is not working? ... and the main reason for the ARD/ZDF to have useless apps and content on their websites in the first place is so that they can demand not-tax from everyone instead of only those who still own a TV.