I have happily lurked for a year and a half and finally created this account to say one thing: enough with the Marijuana news. This is not reddit. Please. WRT to the article, people have been saying weird things since the economic crisis started. For a truly strange proposition read this[1] Times article where a Western banker wants the application of Islamic Sharia banking to the financial sector: [1] http://business.timesonline.co.uk/tol/business/law/article58... I didn't post it when I saw it first, why? because the news paper took one fringe opinion to bait for viewership. If California passed prop-8 to deny some humans the right for marriage what makes you think it would grant others the right to consume a recreational drug? this is just one politician "planning an 'off the hook' public-relations offensive to attract younger voters, especially blacks and Hispanics, by applying the party's principles to urban-suburban hip-hop settings." With apologies to Michael Steele :-) "eBooks have no manufacturing costs, no inventory costs, and almost no distribution costs. Best of all, it is a GLOBAL business." As long as the topic of your ebook does not appeal to the mainstream[1] [1] http://news.ycombinator.com/item?id=516239 I decided to learn Paint.NET "over a weekend" to do some mock ups, ended up spending weeks and actually getting fairly good at it. My advice to you, if you're creating any type of logo, start downloading fonts like crazy. I recommend a site like www.dafont.com (unaffiliated.) The reason? you can find very interesting graphic elements in wingding-type fonts and you can scale them to any size. You will need math unless you want to spend the rest of your life as a second-class programmer. You don't have to wait for your teachers to "teach" you good math, you can start today by reading a good book. I recommend Peter Eccles' "Mathematical Reasoning"[1]; it will teach you how to think logically like a mathematician. [1] http://www.amazon.com/Introduction-Mathematical-Reasoning-Pe... Mathematics will give you a language to reason about your problems, and once you have the foundations you can start using algorithmic cookbook-type solutions you find in texts for your own problems. A good grounding in Analysis, Logic, and some basic formal methods (you can ask me to explain what these are) will make you a better communicator with yourself. Along with mathematics you should probably venture more into systems programming. There are programmers who make software for other people, and there are programmers who make software for other programmers. At the risk of sounding snobby, you can probably guess who is having more fun :-) Master your environment. Whatever computer and Operating System you use, tinker with it to no end and figure out everything about it. Systems programmers make Operating systems and compilers, linkers and loaders, debuggers and disassemblers, packet sniffers, and hardware drivers and programming languages. Don't forget to have fun. Most people you see here are doing software for the money/independence. Nothing wrong with that. But you don't have any bills to worry about, so you can afford to actually become a HACKER (in its cool "dark shades and gelled hair" badass sense) you can start to make stuff your friends at school will go crazy over. In addition to maths and systems programming you will also need a COMMUNITY. A bunch of hackers who you can chat with online and show your stuff to. There will be experienced members and there will be beginners, however, your community should foster free participation and mutual respect (don't go to forums where people use sexist and racist language and don't hangout with people who call you "n00b" or some such derogatory terms. Bullies are the least capable hackers, usually.) Challenge yourself. Read books even if you can understand only the first chapter. That's usually a good sign that you will be able to understand the second chapter, if you read the first carefully and did the appropriate research. Browse wikipedia. Lookup difficult English words; not everything has to be technology related, I learned the ABCs of English at the same time I learned programming. You will become good at what you love, so if you love hacker culture, you will become a better hacker. Plan your weekends to have fun. Grab an assembly language text and sit by your computer to type in the examples. You might need to get an older computer and install MS DOS to read most of the cheap books; Windows assembly programming is not fun or easy, but Linux's IS ( http://asm.sourceforge.net/ ) Nowadays, Windows is becoming a more difficult hacking platform, all the cool accessible systems programming level stuff are being done on Unix. Discover Unix. It's a beautiful thing. It's OK to be a hacking snob, if you talk to your friends about what you can do on Unix and brag about it, you will set a standard for what's cool. You will be the trend-setter that your friends copy and if enough of them are interested in hacking you will all compete for brag rights and all will become better for it in the long term. Make something and show it to your friends, either at school or online. That will motivate you more than anything. I know this is too long, but I had to say it. When I was your age and slightly younger, I was a child-militiaman. I carried a rifle and sat up all night for guard shift. I dug a well with my own hands. I collected wood all day and burned it in a whole to make charcoal for cooking. None of that matters now though, by the time I was 18 I was a Unix hacker; that changed my entire youth, I don't even remember being in a war-zone as a child anymore, all I remember is making my PC speaker scream with a buggy assembly language routine and waking up the whole family at 4AM :-) You need to take a look at PAL, a 2D game programming library built atop OpenGL and SDL. http://common-lisp.net/project/pal/ It even has a game written in it already: http://www.cliki.net/Bermuda I use SBCL with lambda-gtk, lispbuilder-SDL and CL-OpenGL. Couldn't be happier. And oh, on Win32 and Linux :-) I use my gmail accounts via IMAP. You can't see me when I'm logged in. There are also hybrid models. A "market place" startup might introduce individuals to other individuals or companies to individuals. In this case there might be a per transaction cost or the startup might charge one party and not the other. In this case, the startup might grow horizontally with the freebie crowd and obtain a large market share, then sell the audience to an interested party for a fee. That's what my startup is doing :-) Do something interesting. My project consumes the whole of me. I go to bed thinking about it, sometimes I get ideas in my sleep, and I wake up eager to implement or research whatever I "dreamed" up :-) It also helps that my girlfriend is on a different time zone and calls me early in the morning for her good-night kiss and chit chat. I designed a Lisp dialect in Arabic, there is Arabic C called Jeem: http://www.jeemlang.com/index.php?page=examples Looks interesting :-) the problem with giving away ideas like is that exposure of your current interests and daily life. A quick glance and I know a bit of your daily life :-) No blog at the moment. I'm trying to save all the big ideas for my startup's blog; the more immediate and/or irrelevant ones I might throw them out to the public here. "Probably most people who read this site can write reasonable code. So what is the problem?" Business is not just code. Ask yourself these two questions: if ICANN or the FSM yanked your domain and the cloud/linode/dreamhost/datacenter went belly up tonight, and nobody was able to reach your website, will you still be in business? that's the difference between a website and a business. The other question: if you invested a few grand and flew to a conference and paid all your expenses to industry cocktail parties, how many actionable contacts are you able to bring? a business idea can be realized off-line. I'm starting out of the DC area with very little expenses. I would move to SV in a heartbeat just to be around people who I can talk to. Being "groked" gotta be worth something. In case you ever need to generate your own data, I found it MUCH better to generate the data according to a clean, debuggable grammar, vs using a "test" database. You can return a spreadsheet with four columns, A, B, C and D for example, where each recordset would have a column-name prefix and to that you append a progressively "increasing" string. One sample recordset might be: (a-aaaa b-aaaa c-aaaa d-aaaa) (a-aaab b-aaab c-aaab d-aaab) (a-aaac b-aaac c-aaac d-aaac) The size of your data would depend on the "width" N of your variable string suffix. In this case N=4 or a dataset of 26^4 when using only lowercase alphabetical letters a-z. Predictable data makes debugging trivial. I'm not sure how that helps you with UI. It goes without saying not to return large datasets via ajax ;-) China has some open WIFI services (I deployed some FON routers in South China.) I have also been to Burma last year, and the biggest risk there is not technological censorship but human snitches. Burma is a massive country, some parts of which are controlled by the opposition groups, but in government strong-holds, you probably wouldn't find wifi, much less an unsecured one. In any case, do not use someone's network to do something that might get them killed. Just store a session ID in the cookie and keep the client state on the server side, indexed by that cookie. No need to make a memory lookup into network transfer. You deal with it by using said 3rd party libraries 100x before you embark on your "current" project. Know your tools well, inside and out, and you're 10x more productive than someone just starting out :-) Also, there is something that has to be said for compromise. Get libraries for the language you know best and you will more productive than if you used a high-performance library for a language you don't know. Start small, and worry about scaling or "going big" later. A whirl-wind tutorial on pitching, for sure. For the uninitiated, the company he uses as an example "ZapMeals.com: the eBay of take-out food" is/was a complete hoax. http://machinist.salon.com/blog/2007/06/22/supernova_startup... http://zapmeals.com/ Scene gossip. Nothing worth reading. What doesn't Sun get? this is a hacker's hack; an Smalltalk implementation in javascript: http://research.sun.com/projects/lively/index.xhtml Read what the man wrote: "Everything you need is in the browser. There is a dynamic language there. It may not be your favorite, but it's not a bad one either. There is also a graphics system. Not the best, but pretty nice. Hook it all up with a simple user interface and you're having fun the way people should have fun with computing. I don't mean just fun for entertainment, but it's creatively inspiring. It makes you want to do cool stuff," Ingalls, for the uninitiated, pioneered the implementation of high-performance Smalltalk systems, including his contribution to Squeak. Wikipedia credits him for inventing the BitBlt algorithm that made bitmapped displays FAST, and invented popup menus. If anybody is qualified to say what is a fun, intuitive programming environment it's Dan Ingalls. ZenCart. > what a whacko. ad hominem. > I should allow you to access my servers and services for > free? You can charge for Free software. If you're using any Free software in your web application stack, if you're using any Free documentation, and Free data sources, then isn't it a little hypocritical of you to lock-down what basically amounts to a component assembly of Free software? > I should allow you to control how you use my resources in > a way that guarantees I loose money? Make all the money you want, companies are making billions out of Free software. And nobody wants to use your server, bandwidth or material resources. However, the _software_ should be given to the people who USE it. Giving the public a freebie web service for now, until you figure out how to sell their information and useage stats to advertisers, does not make your service free. People are typing their twitter logins to little apps that are poping up everywhere. Wouldn't you rather have these web apps open, somewhere in github, with a transparent database backend that you can see is not hoarding any personal infromation about you? > Stallman is a digital socialist. And that's a label many would self-attribute, with pride. > The idea of services (or anything other than direct > labor) that people charge for offends him. That offends me. Fine. Don't use Free software then :-) Facebook can release its entire application platform as Free software and you could not take their user base away from them. I think web developers are over estimating the sophistication of their work :-) "If the source was available, copy cats competitors could spring up and take away market share." Image-editing algorithms are published in text-books. Graphics API for the web (flash, java, canvas, etc.) are published in API documentation. Nothing is secret. If someone copies your GPLed Free software and improves on it you can go and copy the improved version if you want it. If a competitor is blindly copying you, you probably have nothing to worry about (should I elaborate?.) And if your competitive edge can be taken away with cut-and-paste, then you have ALLOT to worry about. Respects. But allow me to add that the great majority of web startups are running on the value of a "social network". Remove the users and the service is worth nothing. You can't say that about shrink-wrap software; even if the great majority of the people don't use it, there is that one or two lucrative corporate or government contract to make it all worthwhile. So in that light, shouldn't the users of web apps be entitled to something a little more than "free use"? Say, a little assurance that the platform they trust so much of their private lives is transparent, extensible, and should the company sink tomorrow, available for replication? What happens when you strike it rich, sell the startup to a Mega Corp and move to Tahiti? The users will be at the mercy of greedy suits who will fill data warehouses with every click, persona and profile of your users, the very same people who made you rich. Arab world. My fiancee is Sri Lankan, I'm Arab. Sup cousin! :-) Represent! I must understand everything thoroughly before I use that API in an "application". In the meanwhile, I try to make as many little sample toy apps as possible. Having said that, learning a new API is made easy if you understand its application doman; see one 2D bitmap graphics API and you have seen them all, for example. I have never received a single spam letter just because I used a toll highway and the toll highway operator doesn't know about every other road I have traveled, every destinations I have driven to or what shop windows I have looked at while I'm driving around aimlessly. ISPs do. You are overestimating the significance and impact of Clojure. The language has potential, but it hasn't stolen mindshare from Scheme or any other Lisp dialect for that matter. People going to Clojure are coming mostly from non-Lisp languages. Lispers are quite happy with what they have; there are standards compliant, mature Schemes for the JVM. Clojure offers nothing to Schemers. It's just a good idea to always have a $20/mo vps unix account. Just far less headache for just twice the price of a shared host. For one thing, it will allow you to have a platform to test several versions of your app; you can run several instances of a web app and use a proxy to direct incoming traffic to one of them based on your own criteria. You have a full blow Unix environment, install every oddball development tool you want, it's just you. So much potential in the title and the opening paragraphs, such underwhelming conclusion. Summary: "Conficker authors, please destroy Facebook, MySpace and World of Warcraft so I can hangout with my friends face to face". How did you overcome NIH syndrome? my first reaction was to reach for Richard Stevens' volumes and write Etherpad over BSD sockets; a mix between (y)talk and nano (note to self, read up on the various buffer management strategies, roll a little transaction layer and shelf this project under "I'm sure I can do that with an emacs mode ..") A "good" reddit submission is a bad article that makes the rest of your blog look iffy. 30k hits in a day, zero registration. Seriously, if you want to make a good reddit submission, take an inflammatory/biased/extreme opinion pieces or research and quote the most provocative part of it as the title of your submission. Almost a whole paragraph. spam. Of course, "DIY" here doesn't mean you personally. If there is an area of expertise you lack, by all means, reach a domain expert for help and bring him or her on board. I wasted 2 months of my life trying to become a graphics artist; my hacking suffered for it, my business suffered for it, and my RSI prone arm suffered it (not to mention the taste buds of everyone exposed to my "art work") SPAM. Don't forget to keep an eye on browser cookies when you surf travel sites. Delete them often, or use a browser that lets you surf in secure "zones". For me it's Attitude Travel and Asia Room for hotels. Shoe string baby. "We are microfinancing platform, like Kiva.org." Complete the sentence. "We are an X platform like Y, but with/without ..". If you can't differentiate your service from a competitor yourself how do you expect others to? Also, name dropping your competition without naming your business is not a good idea. Regarding your query, you're already in the right place. If you want to hire developers try Craigslist. For contractors try Odesk. Usually for me it's just a matter of reaching to people I already know. True, NPR can't compete in the internet for information, because the internet itself is the source of much of the news they synthesize. I can also add that what I value most about NPR is hard to translate to a la carte online format. You see, NPR fits into my daily schedule: I'm doing a certain thing when Morning Edition is on, another thing when Diane Rehm or Kojo Namdi is on, yet another thing when it's time for Market Place or Wait Wait Don't Tell Me, or This American Life or All Things Considered. During those times I'm probably driving, at the office, or doing household chores. NPR on the radio allows me to multitask. NPR on the Internet will have to compete with my work, which is on the computer, my visual entertainment (Hulu, Netflix) which is also on the computer, and also compete with incoming mail and other electronic chores. Allocating an specific time for "NPR" and hearing my news programs out of order at different times isn't just the same. I listen to NPR when I'm overseas, and my listening schedule mimics the exact broadcast times of WAMU, my local Washington DC NPR affiliate. Morning Edition just doesn't make sense to me after 9AM :-P Mix 1 part bad clone of 2002-era hotornot, add two tea spoons of sexist subject matter, three pieces of non-obvious business or hack value. Stir together under slow fire and add a cup of 43 minute old account and half a slice of URL submission without a paragraph of introduction. I will not feel bad for flagging this as SPAM. 1) Escrow based freelance sites are a scam. Rentacoder is an outright scam. Odesk will have a little nice timer on the desk and the project owner will be able to track your progress as 1second precision. Too micromanaged. 2) There is nothing inherently precious about an "American Programmer", Yourdon's 15 year old polemic notwithstanding. 3) Craigslist. Nice portfolio. Cocktail parties. You will end up doing software, hardware and websites, prepare for that. You will end up moving to the business side of things, asking management types what they need done and you will be writing tens of emails a day in correspondence, meeting people face to face and juicing software requirements out of one off-remarks that people make. You might also end up becoming an integrator or procure hardware and software licenses. Just don't expect to write fancy systems software for a living and brush up on your PHP and system administration. It's a million-hat job. "we just wanna try if this could work" You could have known if it could "work" the moment you edited the source code of your web app and hit reload of your browser. Elementary one-table database backed web app. And if you mean commercial success or wide appeal, you have hotornot to look at. This sexist submission is reddit-grade my friend. I suggest you retool it as a clearinghouse for supporting women in politics, at least you get to keep the domain then. "how can I do a paragraph of introduction, you mean just a first comment?" You should see an edit link right next to your story submission. Click it. The two little text input areas are for title and link. The slightly larger textarea is where you put your summary. A little background would be nice. Here is a list of all the recent CL computer gigs in NYC that demand only a local candidate: http://newyork.craigslist.org/search/cpg?query=local Cast your social net wide and deep. Talk to everyone. Usually you start your freelancing career with accounts you get from previous employers, coworkers or people in your daily life who know what you do AND that you're available for freelancing work. Here is a tip: instead of just reading the available jobs section, read the services offered section. What might seem to you as "competition" might just be someone with complementary skillsets. Partner with them. Try a post like "software engineer seeks competent business person"; grab everyone who replies to you and kick some ideas back and forth. Offer them hefty cuts and they will go out and source you a project. Scratch backs and offer kickbacks. Most people just need a "computer guy" and they have no clue what sort of service they need. Offer free consulting help ("hey, let me come with you for that meeting, I can suss out the guy for you and see if he is really good", etc.) Once people consider you "their guy", they will turn to you for help. However, it takes ALLOT of fucking socializing, chit chatting, catching up and going out for coffee and beer. You're gonna kiss the REPL and that debugger good bye for a few months my friend. P.S. Don't hesitate to take a side white-collar gig (sales, support, billing, etc.) you will get some killer domain knowledge, make contacts, and you can always resurface as a software developer when you know of their needs. Right now, in this economy? I wouldn't hold out for that $120k C++ Architect job that we all had a while ago. Cheers! That assumes you want to be at the mercy of HR for the rest of your life. Some of us want to forge empires my friend, do what you can to survive now, but in the long term, prepare to become an employer yourself. "“Slicehost” and “slice” are trademarks of Slicehost, LLC" -- Slicehost.com website footer. I run off of VPS accounts hosted with various VPS providers (vpsfarm and linode.) I don't want my tax dollars being wasted on reddit or twitter. Yes, and according to the article, he runs a Tor exit node. Which is a clone of a Common Lisp search engine ;-) this is how good people are made into cult-figures; please do not idolize hackers, they don't care if you do. Give them a poll with fixed answers and an option to reply in text with comments. There are many times when I wished a site would remove the flashing banner ads and ask me for a subscription fee (this is specially true with websites that offer data; i'm forced to waste their bandwidth scraping their data when I would have paid $19.99/mo for an RSS feed) Some regional newspapers are so bought-out by special interest and industry, it's hard to get accurate market figures from them. There is enough market for paying users who want OBJECTIVE news and market analysis, but the newspapers never offered us this option. It really satisfies me to disappear from the public for a week, hacking away at home, and emerge with a new facial hair :-P over the last year I had elvis side-burns, a Saudi goatee, full bear, thin immaculately maintained pimp beard, and today I have a handle-bar porno mustache :-D Maybe we work differently, but I certainly associate with ideas rather than their originators. The fame of a successful work should eclipse the fame of its author in hacking, unlike other fluffy fields of work like management and self-help industries (hint: the "Linux Torvalds" effect.) I don't know if it's the intention of PG to become a "Get Rich Quick" guru, but to me he is the author of ANSI CL and On Lisp, a decent human being in the same league as Norvig, Kent Pitman and Dick Gabriel. Actually, I like Paul Graham more than "PG", thanks to all this idol-worshiping. Whatever that guy wrote in his blog should have been a private email. Better yet, a personal diary entry in _paper_. A decent human being is _modest_ whatever of his or her technical skills. Successful decent human beings encourage you to think for yourself and reach your own conclusions, even if they're emotional and subjective in their own analysis of themselves or their work. This blind fanfare and celebrity-worship just makes PG look like any other self-promoting guru that you find filing the paperback shelves. Tim Berners Lee is a decent human being. Self-promoting commercial bloggers, faddists, and get-rich-quick types are not, even if they're competent enough to roll out a sophisticated web platform for their self-promotion campaigns. First of all, go to the root of the website and see the promotional weight-loss program therein (no comment.) Secondly, go through the essay again and you will find someone who is attributing his life choices, good or bad, to someone else who he has never consulted, met in person or even corresponded with: > "Alone in my room I rolled on the carpet and screamed “I love you, Paul Graham.” " This is after reading "A Taste for Makers" >"Over the next three years I must have read A Taste For Makers at least twenty times." Biblical exegesis? >" I felt bad because your writings had more influence on me than my own father." Completely unwilling to accept/admit that his life choices, influenced by an external input (in this case PG's writings), are still his own. > "Admittedly I am a nobody compared to you but a part of me was a tad jealous of your success. " No comment. >At this point I figured you had completely lost it. Your stature as a guru was toast! See, he wants a guru. I understand your point and your compassion towards others. Thank you. But this is "Hacker News", not "Self-promoters and gurus anonymous"; I'm sure allot of people enjoy and benefit from reading Dr Phil, Napoleon Hill, or the Rich Dad Poor Dad guy. Just not me. PG will have to speak for himself, imo; does he want this place want to be a fan club, or does he want it to be a peer moderated discussion forum for entrepreneurial hackers? I have noticed that in the people I have been pitching my startup idea to. Thirty seconds or so and they would "lock up" and stare blankly. It took several iterations and beta-testing on friends and family until I formulated my pitch into a 3 minute high-level interactive approach. E.g: "We all use the web and love it. Oh man, this is my favorite website, I'm gonna do X and catch up with Y, but look! [problem description here]. [explain the aggravation caused by the problem. [real numbers about the loss in productivity or lost sales potential]. [projected growth in my industry, a quick highlight of what's out there and how we're different and better]." Then I go into the project description and everyone is delighted at that point. To engage the people ask them questions. Instead of "we all do X" say "don't we all do X?". Instead of saying something is a problem for you, say "is it just me or does X bug the hell out of anybody else? [then look the audience members individually in the eye]" Participatory learning is something good teachers and salespeople have known for a very long time, as far back as Socrates at least. Absolutely phenomenal find there c00p3r. The paper in question is here " rel="nofollow">http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Programmer%27s_Stone">here&... . Any more pointers on the psychology of programming would be nice, folks (I know there is google, but I want to crowd-source that searching and vetting ;-) don't worry too much about numbers on a website. This is mostly for corporate, assembly-line production type shops. For hacker-shops and startups: use what you know best first, then look around for something that does the job best and learn it on the side. For me, I hack in a language that absorbs all other languages and development methodologies and fashions them in its own image. (Lisp hackers have the smug look on their face, like that playboy bachelor you see in the morning who is just itching to tell you about his "last night" story ;-) This should be read in the light of the National Academy of Sciences' report on forensic science which condemned it as unscientific. http://www.latimes.com/news/local/la-na-crime-science19-2009... "With the notable exception of DNA evidence, the report says that many forensic methods have never been shown to consistently and reliably connect crime scene evidence to specific people or sources. "The simple reality is that the interpretation of forensic evidence is not always based on scientific studies to determine its validity," the report says" From my own experience, I can tell you that all American hand-writing looks the same. Elsewhere we were taught to write neat cursive penmanship, while Americans prefer big, clear handwriting. I found "abstract NLP", specially their use of Chomsky's work, a bit of a voodoo. I have worked through Bandler and Grindger with a pencil for months, and eventually became disenchanted with the faux-science aspects of NLP. People who download movies/music/games do not edit the content to make themselves appear as the creators and artists. Quite the opposite, warez releases usually come with a synopsis and background info on the distributed work. Does anyone know if something like this exists for C? It would be nice to be able to call it from $LANGUAGE. When I was single I hacked for hacking's sake. Really hard sexy problems. Didn't care for the world. That also meant keeping a dull, soul sucking job for the sake of bills, and rushing home in the afternoons to do what I love. Now that I'm in a loving, supportive relationship; we decided to pool our resources and each of us pursues our dreams. I am working on my start up, she is a singer, we have money coming in and we're saving allot. Sometimes I freelance on the side, other times she does a corporate gig. It's good to have someone coming home to you to ask you "honey how was your day". How else are you supposed to edit that research paper before submitting it as your own? Get into the semantics and formal methods side of things and you can pretty much "learn" all programming in ten grueling years. Start with lambda calculus, combinators, basic one-step operational semantics to reason about virtual machines, move to large-step operational semantics for the academic hand-waving, taste a little axiomatic logic stuff and proofs, maybe dabble in prolog-type resolution and inference, backward and forward chaining, take a deep breath and study a little syntax theory, mess with turing machines and automata, maybe pickup a little "actual" machine and write a compiler for a clean Algol dialect, say, Scheme (oh no I didn't just call Scheme an Algol dialect!) Yeah, like I was saying, do your first Pascal then do a little Lisp, like Scheme (wtf? didn't I just call scheme an Algol dialect? what is it?) By now you're pretty much ready to mess with early Lambda papers, but before you start, grab Wilson and read up on Uniprocessor garbage collection techniques. Yeah, you pretty much ignored languages without automatic memory allocation, but you aren't missing much; ones with block structure and no heap allocation can be done with a strict stack discipline, pick up Hennesy and Patterson and play with SPIM, you targeted MIPS in your early pascal compiler right? right? And Algol type languages that need dynamic allocation usually need it for datastructures, and not executable code, so you wont have to worry about closures, again, read up on Wilson and implement that with the Unix brk(2) system call. Big boy! (or girl!) It's time mess with a few real systems; you look at GCC and it's a mess, you opt for LCC and it's a well documented toy, you get bored with C and discover Common Lisp. Without even trying, you pretty much learned a bunch of scripting languages and tool syntaxes just to get things done. CMUCL keeps you busy for about 2 years during which you realize you're not really done with programming. So you "learn" denotational semantics. No one ever learns denotational semantics, not even Scott and Strachey. As a matter of fact, you didn't even learn lambda calculus when you said you learned earlier. Time for Barendregt! the big yellow book that falls apart in your hand. Worst binding ever. You spend six months in the first two chapters. By now you have memorized CiteSeer, you have grown an afro and you're pretty much feral. You go back to fuck with combinators and you're side tracked to term-rewriting and all that jazz, stuff wacko British guys come up to milk Red-Brick institutions for grant money. Graph reduction is your next step and by now you're tethered to your last neuron, stretched thin. You're sick to your stomach of all this theory. You think more than you feel, so you go back to the basics and learn yourself mathematics .. but your ten years are almost over and you're still not a programmer. You know everything and nothing. You can hack on machines that haven't been invented yet. All this hasn't prepared you for a career in web development, and now you're a lamer in SitePoint forums begging people to teach you CSS and Photoshop. The joys of being a startup hacker. [Edit: inserted line-breaks for the meek] Web development will expose you to the worst parts of programming: bug-compatibility, broken non standard-compliant systems, bad layering of one type system over another incompatible one (session management over state-less HTTP), and finally primitive edit-and-reload development process. If you start with desktop application programming, even console programming, you will see what the fuss is really about. Once you have had your few years of honey moon doing stuff for fun and learning proper systems engineering, you can move on to developing web applications. Ahhh fuckit, just learn PHP and you will be gainfully employed for a very long time, plus you will make useful things for other people. Also, avoid talking to people like me :-P Tietelman was also famous and ran his own Lisp machine company, InterLisp, and probably had wads of cash and the social clout to push whatever he wanted. His Lisp with English-like syntax had a Futile And Ill Life. CMU/Apple Dylan; they wasted a perfectly good CLOS successor and a kickass user-interface framework not to mention a great type-system, on a non-Lisp syntax. The rest, as they say, was history. An obscure and long forgotten history. Lisp doesn't like to be dressed up. No doubt he can sell well, but how in touch is he with the customer-support side of the company? is he aware that his products are lousy and inspire anger among its users, and there are bright minds working hard to deliver a better product, and would have much sooner, if he didn't smack them down with patents? That Microsoft comment is both trite and undeserved. Microsoft doesn't particularly sell "garbage"; no, it undercuts application vendors for its platform, copies their products, delivers a freebie/cheap knockoff to the market to compete with them and drive them out, but works very hard to improve it as time goes. Microsoft is evil but it's not incompetent. Sometimes it even puts its market dominance to good use; MS whipped hardware vendors into shape and gave us a truly uniform PC platform with Plug and Play. Move around. I don't have a "desk", I have many mini work-areas; about three favorite spots at home, as I like to chase the sun and reorient myself throughout the day so the sun isn't in my eyes or against the LCD screen but still nearby. I also take my laptop to cafes, library, or I just drive to a shade in a parking lot with a giant cup of coffee and a pack of marlies to get some work done :-) adsense, common sense! For the uninitiated, Hunchentoot is a multithreaded, complete, standards compliant Common Lisp web server written by Edi Weitz. It dutifuly server 8 "web sites" for me (internal web apps rather, and 2 public facing sites.) http://weitz.de/hunchentoot/ CCL is Clozure Common Lisp, formerly known as Open MCL. A Common Lisp implementation with a native compiler[1]. Clozure runs on various combinations of 32 and 64 bit x86 and PowerPC running the usual suspects (Linux, Windows, FreeBSD, OS X and Solaris) [1] Not to be confuse with Clojure, which is another Lisp dialect that runs only on the JVM. Or Closure, which is a Common Lisp web browser. Or Closer, which is a portability layer for advanced CLOS meta-object protocol extensions. repost. They are making more. With so many people scared for their future financial stability, it doesn't take a genius to figure out that more people are more likely to fall for a "get rich quick" scam. Sex-related spam might go down with respect to male targets also, but you can bet some spam will appear targeting women with "get rich quick stripping online (doing phone sex), etc". Spam and most blackhat businesses are just that, business. The operators are your average greedy bastards, the great majority of whom are technically incapable twenty something men who think "the internet" is still in a dotcom boom. I'm not pulling this out of thin air, all you have to do is lurk in spam boards to see the prevailing mythology; a huge majority of 20-something spammers who want to live the Hip Hop lifestyle and who will do anything for money. They themselves get scammed left and right by everyone from competent systems programmers who sell them backdoored tools to sophisticated mafiosi who open fly-by-night "online banks" to fake advertising networks that lure them into distributing their spam links and malware and then fold just when it's time to pay up, not to mention the ponzi schemes. The life of a spammer is a bitch. If you were dealing drugs you at least have your tangible goods in hand and cash proceeds in the other. Spamming is like drug dealing, except someone keeps your stash and drop-ships it, and another keeps your cash and gives you a metered ATM card, nickle and diming you in every step of the way. So the question becomes, what sort of spammer is making the real money (or the most of it) instead of asking if all spammers are making moolah. And the answer would be, the guys getting paid are not exactly in the spamming business :-) You might be able to get a larger sample size by polling the audience of a related board, I can recommend movie-fan sites. You can also try GetSatisfaction or do the usual google fight with "netflix rocks" vs "netflix sucks". Good luck! We had that with assemblers. Back in the day, the Linux kernel was built with the x86 assembler from Minix (or a clone of it at least) and the rest of the system used GAS. Yep, google seems to have done its deed. Better Summary: AST's rant on Linux. Everybody should know that thread by heart. I figured what it was when I hovered the mouse over the link and saw comp.os.minix in there. iteration and getting system setting stuff are so generic you might as well implement it yourself or write a thin wrapper (in this case iterating over entries in a hash table and getting the OS name) IMO, a good chunk of the java libraries are there to overcome java deficiencies, and don't produce anything grand on their own for other languages. My OS class used his book, my networking class used his book, my compiler class used his book, my distributed computing class used his book .. and by "class" I mean self-teaching :-P AST is a legend and altered my life for the better. I can safely say that I paid more attention to AST's writings on my 18th year on earth than anything my friends or family have said. I had OSD&I and the Amoeba book on my desk, standalone linux with a bad winmodem, and floppies upon floppies of assembly language tutorials I downloaded at an internet-cafe. Life was good then. Code was good then. A "good idea" would be a Lisp OS running on a "commodity" multicore, super-power-efficient RISC processor with a hardware MMU accelerated garbage collection and programmed in SSA-assembly. I started clocking real money, admining unix systems, when I was pimple-faced and fresh out of high school. The trick is to run your own 5k shell-account service and drop a heavy resume on someone's desk :-) You can always do your own things and "get experience", fuck these pricks man. That shows more initiative to real entrepreneurs who want to hire you later. IMO, internship just tells me you did your time being someone's in-house rookie. I couldn't fail. My current project could, but I have gained enough intelligence in a niche market segment while researching my startup that I could start working as a highly paid consultant NOW. Dude, it's a bit too premature for adsense, dontcha think? Also, your summary of the project is too much jargon: "It's technically a Wiki + social networking site, and semantically a crowd-sourced review + social news site." Put that in active tense: "Read, edit and publish news and important stuff. Contact others and talk about stuff" Also, entries have the URL linked to the source. You might not wanna do that. I recommend a URL from the front page should go to a summary page, where people can read and post reviews, and there should be a big button/link where they can go to the original. Having a separate page will help you with .. err, figure that out, I'm not sure I want to go there now that I remember the adsense ;-) Cf. Fred Brooks. Here is his own summary: "The conclusion was inescapable: the problem wasn't Perl or C++ or Java, it was me. I just wasn't a very good programmer any more. Lisp's power had made me complacent, and the world had passed me by. Looking back, I actually don't think I was ever a very good programmer. I just happened to have the good fortune to recognize a good thing when I saw it, and used the resulting leverage to build a successful career. But I credit much of my success to the people who designed Common Lisp." Yeah. I can attest to that. Many non-lisper friends have learned to do very difficult things while I personally remained ignorant of them because I never needed them. This is analogous to how being a fortune 100 CEO is bad for your health compared to being a day laborer; you no longer sweat and work your muscles, you no longer get the necessary daily vitamin D from sun rays, your hands are not as manly and rugged, etc. Yeah, but then you can afford a chartered JetStream to fly you to the Bahamas for 2 hours of Jungle Gym and back. Ron Garret just wishes 37Signals to fork SBCL and get us Lispers some hype :-P McCLIM windows with rounded corners FTW! > Am I crazy to think MS should officially support Facebook You don't need a corporate behemoth to give you an API for a web service. You can bitch about MS withholding binary API for its system calls, but the web is wide open baby! XML protocols are the easiest to implement, no wonder there are clients for all the major languages, and the not-so-major ones: http://wiki.developers.facebook.com/index.php/Client_Librari... MS is a platform vendor, it can't afford to hitch its wagon to a wild horse like a web application; these things come and go, but the platform stays (even if it changes face.) If you want tight integration of "facebook" with Visual Studio, you will probably have to write your own plugin. Or use an open development environment, even if you target a proprietary OS. Cheers! (decf (cool-factor ruby )) zaph0d, if you know the author please tell him to put a summary of the project in cliki, http://www.cliki.net/chronicity , that way automatic tools like asdf-install can see it. what the hell? this is not "just coming to lisp", it's something someone wrote as a personal hack. I upvoted it and commented to encourage more lispers to post here. Erik Naggum's essay on the subject is highly referenced and cited by people developing time and date libraries for other languages and systems: http://naggum.no/lugm-time.html The premiere text on time and date algorithms IS written in Common Lisp: http://www.amazon.com/Calendrical-Calculations-Millennium-Ed... And here is a taste of what's out there; http://www.cliki.net/TIMER http://www.cliki.net/net-telent-date http://www.cliki.net/local-time http://www.cliki.net/Date-Calc http://www.cliki.net/cl-l10n Jasmina Tešanović is no goddman mail-order bride. On her own, without a USian hubby, Tešanović is exactly the sort of person any healthy democratic society needs and we should welcome her with open arms. Of course, I wouldn't put it past Uncle Sam for targeting her because of her activism. Warlords have their kids and trophy wives here, naturalized and all. > Remember: all else being equal, the simplest explanation is probably correct. Occam's Razor. "In Smart Money Magazine's 2008 Broker Survey, Smart Money named Zecco as one of the worst in the customer service category. [6]." http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Zecco.com#Criticisms Very good Chaitanya, welcome aboard yar! :-) For web apps, reframe the "coming soon" procrastination crap and stick a little text entry where people can leave their email "to be the first to try" or get an invite. Less under-construction orange cone blocking the road, and more like an exclusive concierge to RSVP for a velvet-rope event. Plus you collect leads :-) holly adsense-laden batman. that site is unreadably over stuffed with ads.