The equation is provided on the same page. It is using the Heaviside step function which allows you to piecewise define the curves and add them all together. The main change from the Jeopardy competitions is they don't need to find an answer in under a second. So you can probably reduce to computitional capability significantly. I know Citi Bank has a disposable credit card number feature though their website. You had to log into your credit card account to use it. Is it a one person car? How long did something like that take you to do? Seems like best to stay away from Walmart. I doubt it costs Cisco anything extra because they probably need the distribution rights for other products they develop (for example WebEx.) Besides it a good PR benefit for them with minimal incremental cost. This question seems totally unreasonable for the length of any technical interview I have taken or conducted. Most interviews run under an hour and focus on multiple topics. Its rare you can focus on one question more than 10 minutes. The rule of thumb I use is that if I'm picking a question as an interviewer, I make sure I can answer that question in 1/3 the time I plan to give to the candidate. Given the pressure that they are under, I expect to owe that that much. Right now I'm browsing HN while eating at my desk. What is the fewest number of moves than one can lose a game of chess assuming the losing side is trying to the worst possible. Better deal than $3 billion for a company that makes thermostats. I'm guessing this is not an engineer designed product. I can see there will be a lot of technical issues to solve. Also the kind of connectors displayed can easily cost hundreds of dollars if they are custom made. FPGA are still more costly when compared to ASIC in large volume. Some of these high end FPGA can run $1K to $10K assuming you have even access to them due to their limited availability. Probably a fire code violation if a power loss prevents you from opening the door to escape. The whole point of that API is crowd source collection of data so everyone can benefit. If electric cars are already a good deal do we still need to have tax incentives? But why restrict the gov't ability to provide free online filing. If TurboTax can provide an alternative that is better then they can still make money by providing value. Are you old enough to remember the dot com bubble and bust? School of hard knocks VC investment don't guarantee a return. The market has decided that the company is worth little. The language color forth does this. atwood's law They are tax payer subsidized. I'm living in one of the top cities in the Bay Area and they don't yet cover there. Amazon already allows DRM free publications to be emailed into Kindle devices. My point being they are stating that their service is available to 137M people. The bay area is one of the top population centers in the US so I'm surprised they say they can get 40-50% coverage. I have gotten DRM free books from O'reilly's, Informit, Peachpit and Apress. Although all technical books, they are all major publishers. The MorphOS license cost 3x more than the value of my old G4 laptop. The ones with the "P" flags are prefail indicators that the controller manufacturer thinks will indicate failure. When value goes below threshold, it sets a SMART prefail status indicator that the host controller can poll. Unfortunately for SATA there is no way for SSD to interrupt the host controller to give such a warning so you need some kind of monitoring software to periodically poll the SMART status. Your drive looks in good shape in my opinion but thinks can always change suddenly so always backup. Are "logistics" companies valued higher than other industries? What is the name of this game? I thought research was funded through grants and sports was self funding? Accounting seems to something that is easy to offshore. Two companies I've worked at moved the low level accounting tasks to India and Macao respectively. Much of it is mechanical in nature and once the grunt work is done you can have someone local crosscheck it if needed. Would be interesting to see their BMI. People always say BMI is not a good indicator for athletes. Does "end-to-end proof of implementation correctness and security enforcement" mean there is zero change of a bug or security flaw? My Citizen Eco-Drive gets charged through solar power in daily use. It is one less think I need to charge on a daily basis. Make sure to subtract the extra labor cost of doing all these measurements and the loss of customers in implementing this policy. What about wheelchairs, service dogs and baby carriers brought on board? You need to put up some examples of what can be done by this service. Something visitors can interact with without registering is ideal to convince them to register. This problem exists at all levels of governmental agencies if you ever have to interact with them. Even been to the DMV? Driving takes 2 hours at peak commute hours. Lots of issues will need to be worked out for this to be viable. 4 layers minimum (ground, power, 2 routing planes). High pitch TSOP and BGA need tight pitches and traces. The width of traces and spacing and dielectric material need tight tolerances for impedance control for signal integrity. But they are not asking for much of an investment so it may be worthwhile to try it out. Why don't you write some up yourselves to improve the situation. So does the rest of the companies along the delivery chain. Yes you do get charged for incoming calls and text. However most wireless carriers are now pushing plans with unlimited talk, text and data. We don't get much SMS spam in the US. An audience of one. What about on a piece of paper? In front of a computer. How would do in code reviews? You can state your concerns to the interviewer to see if they can accommodate. I'm guess in expensive cities, the occupancy rates will be higher since visitors are more likely to look for deals. There is a large variability in the water for fresh coconut. You have to pick it at the right point. In the costal areas of India there are considerable amounts of coconut trees. Its not uncommon for a family with a moderate lot to have dozens of coconut trees. When I heard the words Goldman and Arbitrage, I was expecting the worst. This is not going to solve the pestering problem because there are far more homeless than the needs for fonts. I've been seeing 3 large manufacturing buildings being constructed on highway 580 a mile away from the Tesla plant. I wonder if Musk is considering those as a possibility. Is there any money in twitch except through acquisition? Good thing it is no 65536 plaintiffs or the 16-bit counter will overflow! Many times people whose family were poor don't have access to the opportunities when they are young to make a better a better life for themselves when they are older. It is probably the demonisation of fat that pushed people to consume excessive sugar. That should be clarified as an 8 year warranty on the battery and drive train. Investment banks have people working 100 hour weeks? This is like 14 hours every day a week with nothing else other than eating and sleeping. I don't think I've ever done anything that grueling in silicon valley. What about the charging cable? People also get different "interpretations" from different doctors. Is it expensive relative to your income? What was your mix of loan grades? Did you have any grade A loans default? Most landlords have a loan and haven't fully paid for their property. If the property goes into foreclosure, do you want to owner to go to debtors prison until they pay off their debt because obviously is the banks/investors money? Fact is as a property owner you have gotten certain concessions from society and similar ones are given to renters. How do these systems work if there are not enough stations to return your bike? He makes average assumptions about car ownership but then makes optimistic assumptions about UberX. Like no surge pricing, productivity and wait times. The biggest thing is of course Uber is available in a few cities. Places like SF and Manhattan it might be convenient since everything is nearby but in LA and Silicon Valley everything is spread out. How much extra power do you consume to run such a system 24/7? This is different that what we have been told which is to reduce fat and eat more whole grains and vegetables. You are saying that we just need to restrict our food choices. If you scale this to an average person making $50K a year, it would like a $5 fine. Now everything wrong about my LG tv makes sense! I don't see any negatives to having these body cameras for police officers. Not even in terms of costs since reduced lawsuit litigation and settlements so counteract that. You cant do "add fare" like in the bay area BART system make up the difference? Why do they do the IPO in the US with a highly regulated financial industry? I seemed to have read that in such contradictions, these ambiguities are resolved in the favor of the one who didn't draft the documents ie the employee in this case. But i'm also surprised HR wouldn't discuss with their legal counsel. Anyone know the medium amount an Uber driver makes? They only give the max. What exactly do you develop with Common Lisp? Are any of these software tools available as open source so I can see the advantage of using Lisp? What is this... a radio for ants? But seriously speaking, at the frequencies used, I'm guessing it is meant for some bluetooth application? I wonder what should happen if the driver is severely allergic to dogs? How would this be resolved? It is also because being a doctor is considered high status in India. Higher than lawyers, businessmen, engineers. Also they also command a high income. So what you did of offering a tip is more of an insult. The government hospital can be poorly run and unsanitary and most people who can afford it go to private ones. I guess still better than nothing. The best thing you as a customer can do in these cases is if you find a good cleaner, work with them directly instead of through Homejoy. Then you don't have to pay for the middle man. It would probably be easier to work with state legislators to change the laws. Why the exception for Lake Tahoe? They are not employees of HomeJoy. Hopefully they can work out the kinks under the US is ready to adopt it. I seem to remember something similar but used a C like language. Because the more contractual arrangements they have the more the start looking like employees. FedEx is dealing with this right now with their contract workers. They are independent contractors so whatever they do on their own time is their own business. Mostly they are trying to build a business without taking any of the responsibilities. Corporations always manage to openly defy laws and survive with a slap on the wrist. Here is the best I can find on the clean air standards. I think pushing taxi companies to use hybrids, all electric, natural gas vehicles, etc. http://www.sfmta.com/about-sfmta/blog/sf%E2%80%99s-taxis-can... I think nothing will turn them around. Look at all the local bookstores and video stores that are gone. There are lots on online DIY electronics websites. Want cheap cables got to monoprice.com. Times have just changed for Radio Shack. A lot of what you mention above are niche activities that will not substain them much longer. I don't know where you find candidates that can even approach this level of skill or desire to solve puzzles. Most people I interview struggle with a few lines C program coding. What are the major changes from the 1st edition? I had bought the old one just a few months back... Firmware engineers. Basically C programming and working close to the hardware. Some examples of coding questions I've asked in the past: reverse a string in place. Ones count of an integer. I'm testing if they understand pointers and bit manipulations for example. These should be answerable in 5 minutes max in 5 lines of C code. The incorrect answers candidates generate surprise me. A Nest thermostat is quite expensive if think about it. An average Honeywell thermostat is maybe $50 while a Nest is $250. Also the cylindrical design of the Nest is a little easier to manufacture. No water shortage except for small settlements that don't a well defined water rights and agreements. Mostly cities are asking us to cut back on watering our lawns and our rates have gone up a little. We for example got rid of the lawn in our back yard. We plan to grow a flower and vegetable garden when things improve. I'm guessing they are no longer around?