The "reverse engineering" clause of the DMCA protects reverse engineering, rather than forbidding it. Take a look at 17 USC §1201(f) ( http://www.law.cornell.edu/uscode/text/17/1201#f ). The DMCA only applies in the first place if a "technological measure" "in the ordinary course of its operation" "effectively controls access to a work", which needn't always be the case for reverse engineering. The idea that the DMCA expressly forbids reverse engineering is a misconception. Microsoft eventually changed its position on Kinect and never filed a lawsuit over the reverse engineering. So, we don't have a court decision suggesting that there was anything legally improper in any way about the Kinect reverse engineering. Hackers should be upset about §1201 and speak out against it, but not be gratuitously scared off from doing things! It's funny to see this on the same day as Olia Lialina's article "Turing Complete User" http://contemporary-home-computing.org/turing-complete-user/ which argues that speaking of "users" is a mark of respect for their intelligence and autonomy, and that the computer industry is going astray by failing to speak of them. The original article also conflates vegan and raw diets. I am a vegan who enjoys cooking and often eats highly processed foods; in my present environment (San Francisco), I'm faced with the health challenge of getting far too many calories every day, not too few. In fact, creative food entrepreneurs keep making this challenge worse and worse for me! I would readily accept that almost everything about my life is drastically different from the environment in which my ancestors evolved. Those differences seem to have both positive and negative ethical and health consequences. I work with the people developing the SSL Observatory. So far, the Observatory has never been used to discover intentional malfeasance on the part of a certificate authority (though it's found certs that shouldn't have been issued). The Observatory exists, though, because of many data points showing pressures on and uncertainty about the certificate authority industry: successful compromises of CAs, rumors of governments coercing CAs to misissue, some trusted CAs unclear on the concept of what they were supposed to be doing, and other risks. Google's pinning responds to the same set of concerns. One nice change from just a few years ago is that the system is starting to get a lot of scrutiny. The first sale doctrine is statutory as well as judicial. See 17 USC §109 ( http://www.law.cornell.edu/uscode/text/17/109 ). §109 was part of the 1976 Copyright Act, so first sale has been codified in statute for 36 years. I don't think the Copyright Act suggests that every purchase of a medium containing a copy of a copyrighted work should be treated as a license rather than a sale. Instead, it says (§106) that the copyright holder "has the exclusive rights to do and to authorize" six particular acts in relation to the work, independently of having sold a particular copy (but not, apparently, other acts). (I work for EFF.) This article is a quick end-of-year summary of two issues that have been active during the year. The description of what Kirtsaeng was doing was likely omitted for brevity, not as a cover-up. (The person who asked my coworkers to write these end-of-year posts specifically asked for short, broad summaries instead of detailed analysis.) If you follow the link given in the article ( https://www.eff.org/deeplinks/2012/10/parade-horribles-supre... ), you'll see another article from October by my colleague Parker, where he writes: "Wiley claims that this doctrine only applies to goods that are manufactured in the U.S., and that the defendant, Supap Kirtsaeng, was infringing its copyright by purchasing books at a reduced rate in his native Thailand and selling them below list price in the States." This description appeared on the same EFF blog (Deeplinks) where the item that you're concerned about did. One of the most important aspects of the Kirtsaeng case that we've tried to get the Supreme Court to appreciate is that the plaintiff's theory would limit first sale in a wide range of situations. (One example is artworks, like paintings or manuscripts, that were produced outside of the U.S. and that were brought to the United States by their legitimate owners, who are not the copyright holders. As discussed elsewhere in this thread, there is also a question of whether publishers intending to sell works in the United States can choose the location of their manufacturing operations to make first sale a dead letter.) So even people who think that parallel importation as practiced by Supap Kirtsaeng is bad or should be restricted by law may have cause to be concerned about the Kirtsaeng case. Those consequences and concerns are the focus of this summary post. Hi, As I mentioned in a reply above, an earlier EFF blog post ( https://www.eff.org/deeplinks/2012/10/parade-horribles-supre... ) on the Kirtsaeng case did describe what Supap Kirtsaeng was doing ("purchasing books at a reduced rate in his native Thailand and selling them below list price in the States"). EFF did take a position in the Kirtsaeng case, in support of the petitioner (Kirtsaeng): https://www.eff.org/deeplinks/2012/01/eff-asks-supreme-court... (The "urging" there is a link to EFF's amicus brief in the Supreme Court -- https://www.eff.org/sites/default/files/PKEFFCertAmicus_firs... if you'd like to read the brief, which was filed together with Public Knowledge and US PIRG, back in January of this year.) Although I mentioned that there are reasons that people who oppose parallel importation or aren't sure if they support it should be concerned about the respondent's (Wiley's) view of the first sale doctrine, EFF's brief explicitly supports parallel importation (see section II(C) of the brief). Reasons to care even if you don't care about protecting parallel importation are found in sections II(A) and II(B). Our brief says: "Unlike the Ninth Circuit’s interpretation, however, the Second Circuit’s reading of Sections 109 and 602 permits no exception for foreign-manufactured goods that are sold within the United States with the permission of the copy- right holder. As a result, absent the permission of the copyright holder, any distribution of any foreign-manufactured copy could infringe copyright." This seems to be a reference to the distinction drawn by the Second Circuit at p. 16 of its opinion: "While the Ninth Circuit in Omega held that §109(a) also applies to foreign-produced works sold in the United States with the permission of the copyright holder, that holding relied on Ninth Circuit precedents not adopted by other courts of appeals. Accordingly, while perhaps a close call, we think that, in light of its necessary interplay with § 602(a)(1), § 109(a) is best interpreted as applying only to works manufactured domestically." And on p. 17: "In sum, we hold that the phrase “lawfully made under this Title” in § 109(a) refers specifically and exclusively to works that are made in territories in which the Copyright Act is law, and not to foreign-manufactured works." In a footnote, the Second Circuit seems to acknowledge that this leads to the exact concern that we raised: "Phrased differently, it is argued that [this] decision may allow a copyright holder to completely control the resale of its product in the United States by producing its goods abroad and then immediately importing them for initial distribution. In this sense, the copyright holder would arguably enjoy the proverbial “best of both worlds” because, in theory, the consumer could not rely on the first sale doctrine to re-sell the imported work. In other words, the copyright holder would have an incentive to “outsource” publication to foreign locations to circumvent the availability of the first sale doctrine as a defense for consumers wishing to re-sell their works in the domestic market. [...] We acknowledge the force of this concern, but it does not affect or alter our interpretation of the Copyright Act." Hence, the Second Circuit suggests that Wiley could control the resale of foreign-manufactured books in the U.S., even if Wiley itself imported and sold them. Please read the Second Circuit's decision, particularly pages 16 and 17. The Second Circuit did not agree with your intuition about this point. You can find the decision at https://www.eff.org/files/Wiley-v-Kirtsaeng_2ndCir_8-15-11.p... The Second Circuit specifically disagreed with the Ninth Circuit on this point, distinguishing its holding from the Ninth Circuit's in Omega. You should have a look at the gap between the Ninth Circuit's holding in Omega v. CostCo and the Second Circuit's holding here. :-) In footnote 44, the Second Circuit agrees that its own "decision may allow a copyright holder to completely control the resale of its product in the United States by producing its goods abroad and then immediately importing them for initial distribution" but says that this "does not affect or alter our interpretation of the Copyright Act". You can see the pins list at https://src.chromium.org/viewvc/chrome/trunk/src/net/base/tr... Those are the sites that they're currently able to do it for. :-) If anyone reading wants to have your own site added to the HSTS preload (or perhaps cert pin) lists, I think the Chromium developers are interested in hearing from you. I know they'll add HSTS preloads for any site, but I don't know for sure whether there's a size or popularity threshold of some sort for a cert pin. Not in advance, but it will be interesting to see whether we have observations of them. We (and other people who care about certs) could probably use contributions of algorithms for detecting things that are suspicious about certificates. :-) One thing that I believe is not yet implemented but that I should try to implement is finding observations in the Observatory that, if they had been made by Chromium, would have violated a cert pin in Chromium. (Most of the observations in the Observatory are made by Firefox users, so their browsers wouldn't notice a pin violation at the time the observation was made.) Another thing that could be interesting is finding all apparently valid certs that have never been seen by any Perspectives notary. Anyway, there are a lot of queries to be run! The distinction is presumably about whether clients have to be modified to accept a particular (organizational) root or whether someone gets access to a root CA that will work with unmodified mainstream browsers. The "standard" way of doing enterprise network surveillance and censorship is by getting end-users to use client software with a modified configuration that (unlike the general public's browsers) accepts the surveillance and censorship without generating a browser warning. In the Trustwave case, it was done with unmodified software and hence could have been done against the general public, or unsuspecting corporate users. There have been interesting policy discussions about the fact that HTTPS site operators may not "consent" to this surveillance, even if some end users are considered to have done so. For example, PayPal might not want corporate network operators to have access to employees' PayPal credentials or financial transaction data. Hence PayPal's preferences might be something like employee doesn't use PayPal at work > employee uses PayPal at work without interception by employer > employee uses PayPal at work with interception by employer while the employee's preferences might be employee uses PayPal at work without interception by employer > employee uses PayPal at work with interception by employer > employee doesn't use PayPal at work and the employer's preferences might be employee doesn't use PayPal at work > employee uses PayPal at work with interception by employer > employee uses PayPal at work without interception by employer I'd still recognize both meanings for the verb "moot": to propose something for discussion (to moot a proposal), or to render further consideration of something unnecessary (to moot a court case). My dictionary says that "moot" as an adjective also has both meetings, but I don't recognize the 'suitable for discussion, under consideration' meaning. Wiktionary says that that meaning is current in the U.K. and "dated" in the U.S.; I'd never heard it before. I am also wary of people suggesting that software whose users are "required" to pay a per-user fee could be open source. Open source software could not come with a universally enforceable requirement of this kind. "The license may not restrict any party from selling or giving away the software..." But the prospect of open source developers being paid other than per-copy, per-user is plausible. Alex Tabarrok demonstrated in 1996 that it should be possible to do it even without altruism given enforcement of contracts and someone with sufficient information about demand. (I don't know if that kind of information is often achieved in practice.) Karl Fogel just ran a successful Kickstarter campaign to fund creation of the second edition of Producing Open Source Software, which will be distributed on terms closely parallel to open source software (all recipients of the book can redistribute and modify it, and nobody is required to pay a per-copy license fee). The payment to Karl happened up front and ahead of time. The same structure might have worked if Karl were to apply this funding to software development instead of to writing about software development -- and indeed Joey Hess did that a while ago with his git-annex-assistant Kickstarter, which as far as I know has worked out quite well. In the Kickstarter case there is a significant potential free-rider problem; for example, I didn't personally fund Joey's project but I might still benefit from his work on git-annex. Kickstarter seems to use various aspects of social norms and psychology to address free riding, often with good results. I think we need more work on this even as we continue to insist on not diluting the meaning of open source. I think you mean "homini" (dative), not "hominis" (genitive). https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Homo_homini_lupus The paper says that they compromised machines by guessing credentials -- not by breaking crypto. ("Four simple stupid default telnet passwords" is how the paper refers to the scope of the vulnerability.) For many users and many sites, SSL stripping is still quite a significant vulnerability. http://www.thoughtcrime.org/software/sslstrip/ Assuming DNSSEC isn't in use, controlling someone's DNS settings is enough to carry out an SSL stripping attack! Currently YouTube doesn't require Flash Player for the overwhelming majority of its videos. It's a bit unclear whether they are still using RTMPE for some Hollywood stuff (as they were a year or two ago), but if you go to https://www.youtube.com/movies the free movies work perfectly using all free and open source client software, with no Flash Player. Most (or all) of YouTube is implemented as FLV or MP4 files delivered over HTTP. You can watch this in action by using software like youtube-dl. So apart from the purported, perennial Hollywood threat to boycott things, the empirical answer with regard to the existing YouTube seems to be no. (Though maybe there is still some RTMPE lurking somewhere on the site.) See http://freedomdefined.org/Definition and https://creativecommons.org/weblog/entry/8051 . (This parallels the distinction between free software, on the one hand, and freeware and shareware, on the other hand.) I don't recall Aaron's views about this issue, so I'm not asserting that he would have been upset about this. It should probably be possible to find documentation of his opinions. The United States protects the freedom of anonymous speech. https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/McIntyre_v._Ohio_Elections_Com... https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Watchtower_Society_v._Village_... "Backdoor" is the term that we used in the 1990s in connection with proposed anti-encryption measures, and particularly systems like Clipper where encryption was present but had been modified to allow government access ("key escrow" and "key recovery"). In this prototypical case, a potentially otherwise secure design was modified specifically to allow the government to break it. There are still engineering efforts today to do analogous things, including work at ETSI with regard to GSM voice encryption. As a coauthor of the original post, I think the term is still reasonable and useful. I agree that the applicability of "backdoor" to the cases you mention is less clear, and sometimes absent. Often, the main reasons that users don't get to control their own crypto keys may have to do with a service provider's business model and engineering decisions. If facilitating surveillance wasn't one of the main design goals, I can see where "backdoor" feels much less appropriate. (I think I'd argue that it's still an appropriate term if the architectural decisions about encryption are directly influenced by pressure from the government. Legislation to ban certain designs for communications systems should put us squarely in that category.) I'd also like to find ways to encourage users to value end-to-end encryption, but I don't think that was meant to be the point of using the term "backdoor". We are actually talking about legislation here, supposedly meant to change how services are engineered, likely including services and software that are already in use. You asked: "Are major companies based or operating in the US allowed to provide secure email and/or data storage without options for lawful surveillance from law enforcement?" Compare 47 USC §1002(b)(3): A telecommunications carrier shall not be responsible for decrypting, or ensuring the government’s ability to decrypt, any communication encrypted by a subscriber or customer, unless the encryption was provided by the carrier and the carrier possesses the information necessary to decrypt the communication. Also, (b)(1): This subchapter does not authorize any law enforcement agency or officer— (A) to require any specific design of equipment, facilities, services, features, or system configurations to be adopted by any provider of a wire or electronic communication service, any manufacturer of telecommunications equipment, or any provider of telecommunications support services; or (B) to prohibit the adoption of any equipment, facility, service, or feature by any provider of a wire or electronic communication service, any manufacturer of telecommunications equipment, or any provider of telecommunications support services. Finally, (b)(2): The [interception capability] requirements of [...] this section do not apply to [...] information services [...] I agree that the pure VoIP parts of Skype should not be interpreted as telecommunications services under CALEA. I think we agree; I'm quoting these provisions to argue that Microsoft does not have any interception capability mandates for IP-to-IP calls under CALEA. Hi, I'm the author of the original article and I'm happy to receive e-mail at my EFF address (as another commenter pointed out, you can find my staff information page by clicking on my name there). The focus of my post is the legal uncertainty about why Microsoft may not be able to improve the cryptographic privacy of Skype (even if they accepted our view that they ought to). Microsoft's recent statement seem to suggest Microsoft thinks there are now (or will soon be) legal considerations limiting its ability to protect users' privacy. I'm aware of the key exchange problem and, in fact, the (lack of a) way for users to verify keys is the particular kind of anti-eavesdropping protection that my article calls out. I don't think that the supernode architecture or Microsoft's changes to it necessarily made a major qualitative change to Skype's privacy properties. Microsoft made a blog post at the time of the architectural change, and again recently, denying that wiretapping was the motivation for the changes. It's possible that the changes made wiretapping Skype calls easier even if that wasn't the motivation for making them. According to the 2005 report, Skype effectively functions as a CA for its users, but there is no way for the users to check whether the CA's statements are accurate. It's possible that they were talking about CALEA, which has some wiretap capability mandates on hardware (and associated technical standards). If I had the choice between communicating over CALEA-compliant or non-CALEA-compliant infrastructure, I would far prefer the latter, but these particular backdoors aren't required to operate in an automatic, unattended, or surreptitious way (though some implementations might well have bugs that allow them to do so). > Is there any area of the government whose sole role is protecting the rights of the people against the government? There's the Office of the Federal Public Defender in each Federal judicial district, and the umbrella Office of Defender Services inside the U.S. Courts system (fd.org). They have some staff who work on advancing the interests of Federal criminal defendants collectively (for example, by lobbying the U.S. Sentencing Commission on Sentencing Guidelines revisions), not just representing individuals. One could also argue that the PCLOB and individual agencies' privacy offices are in the category that you mention, although I don't know if that's the way that their staff would see or describe their missions. I've been working a little bit on cryptography education issues and so have a number of people I know, but now I'm reminded of Lancelot Hogben's books "Mathematics for the Million" and "Science for the Citizen". Maybe someone will create their equivalents for cryptography! "Cryptography for the 2⁶⁴"? The use of the full-body scanners at Schiphol is optional. The agents there are not very well-trained about this fact but people do normally succeed in opting out. For example, I succeeded after OHM earlier this month, though I was given more push-back than when opting out in the U.S. Here is a Dutch government site about the scanners confirming that travelers are allowed to opt out: http://english.nctv.nl/themes_en/themes-a-z/Security_and_civ... No. If users send unencrypted data to a service provider, they can never use technical means to verify what the service provider does with the data. For example, suppose that some category of user data is automatically printed out on paper every night. EFF is a 501(c)(3) non-profit organization and is not allowed to endorse or oppose political candidates. (I work there.) I think the part of the speech quoted by the parent commenter was indeed referring to exactly this software, and to the other things that the speech mentions: "I have in my pocket a cryptographic telephone [...] This phone, short of breaking into it when I make a phone call, no one here, short of a mathematical breakthrough, is going to be able to intercept it. I have a couple different encrypted text messaging services. I have the TOR project, Orbot, Progra, Cryptophone, Redphone, TextSecure." In context, the "cryptographic telephone" is a smartphone running all of this software. "Progra" is a mistranscription; I just listened to the original and he says "the Tor Project's Orbot program". Just to be clear (as someone working at one organization that helped develop these principles and the consensus around them), the principles were not developed or published by the U.N. They were created by a consensus of voluntary nongovernmental organizations from all around the world that work in the area of human rights. Here, the principles were being presented to the United Nations -- not by the United Nations! The particular publicly-available information that people are interested in is privacy-sensitive. It's easiest to see this by thinking about articles on sexual, medical, and religious topics at Wikipedia (or WebMD!). Although the information is public, users don't want others on the network to know that they read it. And on some networks, the content of news articles that we might think of as totally innocuous is considered very sensitive, and the network operator might try to block it. The most familiar example might be news about annual commemorations of 6/4. Using HTTPS provides resistance against content-based censorship because the network operator doesn't know when users are reading the specific things that they wanted to prevent them from reading. I think this metonymy helps reinforce the idea that there isn't a conceptual difference between hardware and software, or that they are inherently a single integrated product. If you value various aspects of keeping hardware and software separate, then not reinforcing this association -- and instead trying to draw the distinction -- is valuable. A lot of people in a discussion like this will point out that many computer users don't know what an OS is in the first place, or don't draw any distinction between the computer, the OS, and the browser. That's true, but avoiding using the individual proper names of these things makes it even more true! In most DRM systems the information is distributed encrypted. The decryption keys are given to technology developers who have specifically promised to obey the DRM rules, as well as to make their technology hard for users to understand or modify so that the users can't easily undo the restrictions or extract the decryption keys. Hence a browser developer or OS developer or developer of whatever software is in question wouldn't be permitted (by the DRM system's inventor or administrator) to get decryption keys if they didn't promise to implement these restrictions. Some of the people who invented the modern DRM business ecology called this "the intersection of technology, law, and commercial licensing" (the title of a 1996 article by Dean Marks and Bruce Turnbull). Here, the "technology" is DRM implementations -- including software obfuscation and other measures; the "law" is anticircumvention laws like the DMCA §1201 that make it risky for people to use the decryption keys in ways that industry dislikes; and "commercial licensing" is the permission from a DRM developer to interoperate with that DRM, including "compliance" rules (about the functionality of the technology product) and "robustness" rules (about tamper-resistance), that result in the licensee being issued decryption keys. In my view (I worked on EFF's objection) this is a deliberate attack on software interoperability: the whole point is to allow someone to try to prevent interoperability with software that hasn't been "approved". And it's also in extreme tension with the idea of having browsers that end-users can modify (their individual instances of). See my comment upthread about encrypted media and how licensing is used to control the availability of decryption keys. In existing DRM people are not required to implement it, but they can't achieve interoperability without the decryption keys. There is no sense in which DRM is "copyright-compliant" and a lack of DRM is not "copyright-compliant", and there is no sense in which copyright requires anyone to help industry create or deploy DRM. Chrome might be difficult because Google has already implemented it in ChromeOS and is a coauthor of the EME specification. I agree. In previous discussions about this, some people emphasized the idea of open source development, as opposed to giving an open source software to an end user. For example, you could run a binary through an obfuscator after compiling in a decryption key -- from source code that had been published and distributed under an open source license. If the license isn't a reciprocal/copyleft license, this is probably not a license violation, but it seems wrong to say that the user who receives the binary is being given open source software. This issue reflects the way that people have had very different ideas about what the point or purpose of free and open source software is (in some ways, reflecting the split between people who preferred to say "free software" over "open source" and vice versa). It's also a very concrete issue today in whether people call, say, the Chrome browser "open source". Most of their source code is downloadable, derived from the fully open-source Chromium project, but in Google's current practice, users never get the complete source code to the Chrome binaries that they run. If you're focused on the development process, it might almost make sense to call Chrome "open source" because almost all of its source code is distributed, licensed, and developed in an open source manner -- but if you're focused on what users can do with the software, it's obviously just a proprietary application (with a proprietary EULA, to boot). The Free Software Definition doesn't require free software to be copylefted or to include measures against TiVoization or against proprietary or restrictive downstream products. GPLv3 does this and the BSD license doesn't, and both are free software licenses. As I said in another comment, people who usually say "free software" are more likely to think that preventing restrictive downstream products is an important goal than people who usually say "open source". But that doesn't mean it's part of the definition of what it means to be free software. EDIT: I also think the comment the parent replied to was right to say "then the whole is not open source". BusyBox is both free and open source even though its license allows it to be included in the locked-down TiVo -- but the TiVo as a whole is not open source. I think that verifiability is an important security benefit from publishing source code and I hope to talk more about that soon. Some people think that publishing source code is first and foremost a way to get other people to collaborate on its development, not to ensure any particular rights or knowledge or safety for people who end up using the software. For example, you could imagine a consortium of people who each make a super-proprietary locked-down thing and they publish and collaborate on the code of some libraries that their respective locked-down things need. They actively do want other locked-down thing makers to comment on how to make the code better and contribute patches, but they actively don't want customers to use that knowledge to make the thing less locked-down (or to be able to verify what it does or doesn't do). This is a situation that we often encounter in the real world, and in fact some of the locked-down thing makers are even surprised when people say the contrast in their behavior with respect to these audiences is strange or hypocritical, because they didn't know or didn't remember that other people think software freedom is partly or mainly meant to benefit users. When we tell a computer how to do something, we write a set of orders for the computer in a way that the computer can read. These orders can ask the computer to remember things, like numbers and names and places and so on. We can ask the computer to set up spots where it will remember things for us, and each such spot will have its own name. When we write down a thing for the computer to figure out, and the computer goes on to actually figure out what we are talking about, the thing can turn out to be either of two types. It can be the name of a place to store things, or it can be a thing to be stored (like a number or word or letter or a few of any of these). If it is a place to store things (which we can call a "left hand type of thing"), we could ask the computer to store other things in that place. If it is a thing that can be stored (which we can call a "right hand type of thing"), we could ask the computer to store it somewhere. The reason why we use the names "left hand" and "right hand" in this way is that we can write orders for the computer like cat should become two times two In this case, the word "cat" appeared on the left hand side of the order, before "should become" (or "gets"), while the words "two times two" appeared on the right hand side of the order, after "should become". This makes sense because in this order we use "cat" as a name of a place to store things, while "two times two" (which turns out to be the number four) is a number that could be stored so that it can be used later on. Here, we would call "cat" a left hand type of thing, and "two times two" a right hand type of thing. In some orders for the computer, the way to talk about where to store things is much more confusing (like we could say something like "right after this place", "right before this place", "ten spots after this place"), but still, if something works out to point to a place where you can store facts, then that thing is a left hand type of thing. EFF's new lawsuit against NSA argues that the freedom of association is violated by this surveillance. https://www.eff.org/cases/first-unitarian-church-los-angeles... I heard speculation that some ATMs were technically capable of recording the serial numbers of bills that they dispense to a particular customer (via OCR) and that some bill accepters used by banks or currency exchangers were capable of doing the same. Since modern ATMs already have quite sophisticated OTR on the input side -- I've found them very accurate lately at recognizing even sloppy handwriting on checks -- this is quite plausible technologically. It's not clear to me whether governments would ask cash-handling businesses to do this kind of bill-tracking today, and whether they'd expect to learn interesting things from it. (I'd imagine most bills participate in several cash transactions in between bank deposits.) Eben Moglen talked about the different legal regimes that were applied to different classes of information (which programmers might view as different numbers) in "Anarchism Triumphant", at http://emoglen.law.columbia.edu/publications/anarchism.pdf I think it's an interesting read in conjunction with "What Colour Are Your Bits" (suggested above). This is one reason I think it would be helpful to have a clearer articulation of which functions people are referring to when they talk about "Internet governance", so that other people can understand whether we want those functions to exist at all, and (if so) what kinds of institutions we would like to try to empower to do them. Many things that can be called "Internet governance" have little bearing on Internet users' free speech or privacy -- but others do. This might be akin to the way that RMS suggests that saying "intellectual property" (instead of "copyright", "patent", "trademark", "trade secret", and several sui generis regimes) leads to conceptual muddles. "Internet governance" may have the same problem; maybe it's a term in need of some disaggregation! Oh yeah! I remember this too. I think we're thinking of the A86 shareware assembler: https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/A86_%28software%29 As an EFF staffer who worked on this, I want to mention that ACLU and ACLU of Massachusetts deserve substantial credit for this brief. The Electronic Frontier Foundation (EFF) is hiring a Web Developer and a Staff Technologist in San Francisco. https://www.eff.org/about/opportunities/jobs I have taught PGP, find that at least some communities are increasingly interested in it, and hope more people will use it, though I think the forward secrecy issue alone shows the value of trying to replace it with a more modern design. I think the logistical and conceptual parts of key exchange and verification are probably the most difficult for new PGP users. There are some ideas to make this more convenient; I know people who've produced some nice educational materials, and a colleague has a nice idea for making key exchange faster and easier among people on a LAN. But I think the biggest obstacle in the long run may be just how fond many Internet users have become so fond of webmail and of being able to read their e-mail from any device. Having to use one particular desktop e-mail client on one particular machine to read encrypted e-mail is normal to me but may seem like a huge sacrifice if that's not what you're used to. Transaction fees, which are specified by the sender of a transaction at the time that it's sent and are collected by the miner of the block that incorporates it. Bitcoin ASICs aren't reprogrammable to perform other computations -- the hardware (at least the really fast part of it) isn't Turing-complete. People have speculated about whether other kinds of computational problems can be represented as Bitcoin hash searches but I think the answer is pretty clearly no, because the computations involved are so specialized. There might be a financial incentive to make hardware to crack crypto to sell to governments, which could use the hardware to spy on people. In other contexts government contractors do make surveillance hardware, like IMSI catchers. Because the crypto involved is so easy to attack, it's possible to imagine someone building a passive cell phone monitoring box with ASICs in it. I haven't looked through the relevant stuff in the Spy Files (vendor presentations from the ISS World surveillance conference), but that might be one place to look to find people making crypto-cracking ASICs for a profit. http://wikileaks.org/the-spyfiles.html They only have documents through 2011, although the conference is still happening frequently. The description of proof of work is a little bit confused: the author says "The problem is difficult to solve, but the solution is easy to verify, as it is difficult to factorize a very large number but easy to verify that a proposed factorization is correct". If we read "as" as meaning "because" rather than "akin to the way that", this is wrong: this problem is based on hashes, not factorization. I think you were thinking of https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Ashcroft_v._Free_Speech_Coalit... I'm not aware of whether the PROTECT Act (which I believe was a response to this decision) has been challenged in court. http://www.wired.com/opinion/2013/11/this-is-how-the-interne... Apparently there are malicious servers that do active attacks against Internet users (with forged injected traffic). I've seen no indication that the servers that carry out these attacks are directly related to the splitters. Although the best chess players are now computers, chess doesn't seem anywhere close to being solved in the formal game theory sense (where we know how to produce perfect play that can't be beaten even in principle). There was a gap of over a decade between a machine becoming the world checkers champion (1994) and checkers becoming a formally solved game (2007). (Impressively, both of these were achieved by the same person, Johnathan Schaeffer.) The difference, of course, is between "this machine can beat the best existing human player" and "this machine can beat any conceivable player as long as it's logically possible to do so". And right now we're at the former stage for chess (at least in some abstract sense: I'm not sure that a specific machine exists in operable condition that reflects the state of the art), but nowhere near the latter. https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Solving_chess#Predictions_on_w... Quoridor is a great abstract strategy game that doesn't seem to have beecome very widely known. https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Quoridor A lot of the subtlety comes in because of the rule that you can never completely obstruct the opponent's path to the goal, but you can try to make it as convoluted as possible. Hence people try to multiply the opponent's options (so that they can be closed off at the last minute) and limit their own options (so that the opponent isn't allowed to block their unique path to the goal). If license plates were meant to be as public as possible, it would be possible for the public to find out who the registered owner of each car was! In my understanding, license plates were created for two reasons: * To enforce registration requirements for cars and drivers in order to enforce training standards (for drivers) and safety standards (for the construction and inspection of cars) * To allow the easier identification of the party responsible for an accident (and maybe for certain other infractions, like speeding, parking violations, or abandoning a vehicle) That means that other uses to which license plates have been put are a kind of mission creep. Where they harm motorists' privacy, we can reasonably see them as a failure in the design and implementation of the license plate system. If we had a license plate system that let people responsible for accidents and traffic infractions be identified and that ensured cars were safe without also making it easy to figure out individual people's travel patterns, I'd view that as a strict improvement over the status quo -- and more legitimate, because it wouldn't impose unrelated burdens on motorists. Right now we're creating and deploying lots of other systems that assign unique identifiers to people and their possessions. Those systems are meant for specific purposes, which their users may see as legitimate, but designing them in the simplest, most obvious way will cause collateral damage to privacy by allowing often invisible kinds of tracking and profiling of people's activities, whereabouts, and relationships. If those uses are not the intended purpose, we should demand more careful designs that end up enabling them. If you store binaries on the system and the system can recognize them, it could change the served versions to insert malware. This attack isn't purely theoretical. I believe Ian Goldberg and David Wagner's group at UC Berkeley demonstrated it in the 1990s against a LAN-based NFS server that was serving shared software to workstations. Instead of making the NFS server itself malicious, they raced against it to provide modified binaries that the workstations would then execute. However, if the NFS server had been malicious, it could have carried out the same attack, without directly leaking user data to the Internet. I guess this is a reference to that work: https://www.cs.berkeley.edu/~daw/papers/endpoint-security.ht... If you could compromise workstations this way, you could then try to find another channel through which to have the workstations themselves exfiltrate data. One example might be a variant on the Telex system: https://telex.cc/ Instead of signaling Internet routers with requests to browse censored websites, you could signal them with the content of exfiltrated files. Maybe, but it could nonetheless help with the first-visit problem. There are at least three proposals with a distributed cryptographic ledger to reform or replace the CA system: Namecoin, Sovereign Keys, and Certificate Transparency. Each of them has some security benefit relative to TACK alone in the case of a user-agent's first visit to a site. In SK and CT the ledger is less distributed than a Bitcoin blockchain, although these systems have historical influence from discussions sparked by the existence of Bitcoin. Ben Laurie argues that proof of work is actually superfluous to the security model of these systems: http://www.links.org/files/decentralised-currencies.pdf http://www.links.org/files/distributed-currency.pdf Anyway, to refocus, a decentralized or distributed ledger does have the potential to help with the first-visit introduction problem, because you can have another place to turn for ground truth or at least for evidence that the certs you accept are publicly known. (There are also alternative techniques that don't rely on such a ledger, including Moxie's own Convergence.) The trouble with the idea that TLS assumes DNS is "totally insecure" is the numerous CAs that will issue certs based on proof of control over the domain name -- as observed by the CA. So while TLS itself doesn't trust DNS at all, PKIX does! CAs may well have google.com on a blacklist, but if someone could "yank" matasano.com and point it at their own server, they could most likely get GoDaddy to issue them a cert based solely on their control over that server. GoDaddy's existing test for the legitimacy of a certificate issuance request is the ability to post a text file with specified contents on an HTTP server pointed to by the subject CN. (For that matter, the attacker who took control of the matasano.com zone could then publish MX records allowing them to intercept any verification or confirmation e-mails to the whois contacts.) I think I agree with you, given pinning. Without pinning, keys in authenticated DNS (like with DANE) are strictly better than CA certificates, because the CA certificates are themselves issued on the basis of (even unauthenticated!) DNS data. Right now, I'm not sure we know how to handle key management for universal encryption at the IP layer. With names we can at least claim them, remember historical claims about them, or prove that we apparently control them according to some naming system. With IP addresses we have deliberate churn in control so you might use a different address every week (and someone else might re-use your old address). What is a safe way to associate keys with IP addresses, given this? I think that approach was taken by some prior IPsec implementations. I recall that John Gilmore described a main goal of FreeSWAN, for instance, as protecting Internet traffic against passive eavesdropping. I do wish that plan had worked out. On the other hand,given evidence that governments are sabotaging so much of our communications infrastructure, I guess I fear that active MITM will become common quickly unless there's some mechanism in place to at least detect, publicize, and investigate it. And since a given IP address can be legitimately used by many different devices, human beings, or organizations in a short timeframe, it's hard to see what this would look like. The U.S. delegation did get the right to privacy text watered down (and argued that there is no internationally recognized human right to privacy!), but the text still expresses serious concerns over mass surveillance. The 148-4 vote is not on the right to privacy, but on a different text about the "right to development". The U.S. delegation actually voted in favor of the right-to-privacy text. If you search this transcript for "The Committee then", you can see that they had many different work items considered at this meeting, not just the privacy item. I see at least two ways that having data in Facebook has the potential to help governments learn more about people: things (relationships, events, biographical data) are pre-structured in a single clear ontology, and Facebook has direct access to all of the facts in the system. If we imagine a more decentralized system, people might well still adopt a single ontology for events and relationships, but much "private" information might actually never be revealed to third parties, as opposed to disclosing all of it to Facebook and asking Facebook to limit whom they show it to. Similarly, Google has a notion of "Web History" which is distinct from what they know about users. The Web History can be displayed to (and deleted by) the user, but that's not the same as displaying or deleting all of Google's records about the user's activity: https://support.google.com/accounts/answer/54050?hl=en In case you don't know German: "Orpnhfr bs guvf fbhepr pbqr, V'z abg tbvat gb urnira." (ROT13 for fellow non-native German speakers who want to think about the meaning for a moment.) Hi, EFF employee who worked on our acceptance of Bitcoin here. The linked article simplifies the history somewhat. In fact, we attempted to give away all of our BTC to the Bitcoin Faucet because of legal uncertainty surrounding Bitcoin. When we decided to start accepting Bitcoin donations again, the developer who runs the Faucet offered to return the remaining value to us. Because of increases in the price of bitcoins in the interim, EFF was able to sell the BTC that came back to us from the Faucet for about $95,000. https://www.eff.org/deeplinks/2013/05/thank-you-bitcoin-comm... By my calculations (using contemporary market depth data), that's coincidentally just about the same amount of U.S. currency that EFF would have realized if we'd sold all of those bitcoins at the time that we donated them to the Faucet. I'm glad that that value was eventually able to be used for EFF's purposes as the donors originally intended. Since deciding to accept Bitcoin again, EFF has used a payment processor to sell all bitcoins as soon as they're donated, so we never possess them and never make individual decisions about when to sell or hold them. (That's what will happen if you donate in BTC today.) That's correct -- the people in the box starting "EFF would like to extend a heartfelt thanks to...". I was involved in some Windows Refund stuff in California. Many manufacturers later added language to their marketing and packaging claiming that bundled software was an integral part of their product and could not be returned separately, nor resold separately. If you tried to return it separately for a refund (as the Windows EULA text seemed to suggest), they would say that that was only an option if you returned the entire product. So, my impression is that it's actually become dramatically more difficult for most manufacturers because they're specifically trying to prevent customers from getting a refund just for bundled copies of Windows. I've imagined that some of these policies might violate (or be unenforceable because of) antitrust, consumer protection, or copyright laws in some jurisdictions, but I don't know of specific cases where they've been challenged on these bases or what the results were. I still look forward to a future in which the price of proprietary operating systems is actually able to operate as a disincentive for people to buy them. It's about implementing * as a wildcard character: https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Globbing I haven't figured out how to solve this with the parts of ERE and PCRE that I know. (I definitely don't know the entirety of PCRE.) It's straightforward for me to write a substitution using regular expressions to create a pattern-matcher for a given glob (just anchor the ends and replace literal ? with . and literal * with .*) but here we have to do it inside a single regular expression. I don't think there's a BRE solution if the number of stars is unbounded because I don't think this is a regular language. I found it frustrating that gur vagraqrq fbyhgvba cngu qbrfa'g gryy lbh qverpgyl jura lbh'er qbar naq lbh unir gb vasre gung sbe lbhefrys. It's a really neat idea and a cool way to give people some command-line practice. I think of it as normal practice for avoiding giving puzzle-related spoilers. Gung'f n tbbq cbvag. Guvf jnf n pynffvp ceboyrz jvgu cbyvpr cebprqheny fubjf yvxr Qentarg -- ab zrnavatshy hapregnvagl nobhg jub gur thvygl cnegl jnf, rire. Znlor vg'f sbe gur orfg gung jr npghnyyl unir gb guvax nobhg jung gur rivqrapr ntnvafg gur fhfcrpg vf jvgubhg vafgnagyl orvat gbyq "pbasebagrq jvgu guvf, Ohtf Zrnal pbasrffrq"! We used to include it and the Reddit admins asked us to stop for the time being. Source: I was one of the recipients of the request. I found the parallels interesting -- many people would like fast cheap payments to anywhere in the world without interacting with a bureaucracy. Though there's almost no demographic overlap right now in who uses the various techniques for this! I wonder what hawaladars' techniques for information and communications security are like, and what efforts people have made to spy on their communications -- or to defraud them by impersonating another hawaladar and originating fraudulent payments. By using personal trust relationships, hawaladars don't need to solve the full Byzantine Generals problem, but they do face authentication and confidentiality problems from outsiders. I think the difference between you and tptacek here is basically about this: http://benlog.com/2014/01/03/there-are-3-kinds-of-crypto/ Google has done an enormous amount to improve and deploy what Ben Adida called "b2c crypto" -- typically turning it on months to years ahead of its main competitors, and actively supporting work on making it stronger. But they've done almost nothing to encourage the use of "p2p crypto" in Adida's sense, at least not as a product feature. I support the widespread routine use of p2p crypto, but I think Google deserves credit for what it has done. That includes making b2c crypto "routine" for most products, which does have direct effects on dragnet surveillance. The Lua developers are Brazilians, hence also not from Japan, China, or Russia (as the original article asks for). The main protection overall is probably the reversibility of most kinds of transactions in the mainstream banking system (and the liability of banks to customers in many cases of fraud). At least, this kind of policy can be seen as a backstop to particular arrangements and policies like limiting the size or rate of transactions, requiring multiple authorizations for certain transactions, and so on. The reversibility of transactions has drawbacks (one that's of interest to me is that it serves as one motivation for reducing privacy and increasing data retention). Huh, I once visited a military base where people on the trip wanted to be photographed with a tank. The soldiers said it was OK, as long as somebody obscured the tank's serial number by standing in front of it. I wonder if their training in this respect was inspired by this history! (But if so, why not print the serial numbers inside the tank, not outside? Or maybe encrypt or HMAC them?) I parsed it correctly because I'm used to reading about appeals courts ruling on things, but one could take "rules" as a noun and "phone" as a verb (the court's rules telephoned a search to let the search know that it was illegal?). "Search" could also be a verb, but that makes it more of a stretch (even if we envision a kind of phone called a "rules phone", there would be a singular/plural agreement problem in taking it as the subject of "search"). That's a public key/private key issue (I think!): the key he sends to Verisign will be the public key from the ceremony, not the private key. If I'm mistaken about this, I hope the secure channel is very very very secure! The original poster seems to have acknowledged that he broke the curfew law, and also acknowledged that he was treated differently by the police in the other case because of his appearance, and that the police and judges treat poor people and minorities more harshly than they treat him. Is there some other kind of acknowledgement you'd like to see from him? Would you like him not to have been surprised when he saw the criminal justice system treating people badly? Or is there something else you found offensive or annoying about his approach to the situation? My favorite example of English's willingness to do noun-noun compounding and Spanish's corresponding unwillingness is on the Boston subway: Passenger emergency intercom unit at end of car Sistema de intercomunicación para pasajeros en caso de emergencia situado al extremo del tren There are several things going on there that make the Spanish longer than the English, but one is the obligatory use of explicit prepositions relating the nouns to one another in Spanish. In English terms, the Spanish says System of intercommunication for passengers in case of emergency situated at the end of the train See also this list written up by John Cowan of some languages that do noun-noun compounding and what the implicit meanings of such compounds can be: http://recycledknowledge.blogspot.com/2009/12/noun-noun-comp... Notice that not all types of compounds are understood in every language, even for languages that sometimes allow this! NSA isn't a law enforcement agency. If you get contacted (or arrested or detained) by a law enforcement agency, you could ask to have a lawyer present before answering any questions. Your lawyer can help you assert your fifth amendment rights against self-incrimination. I don't mean to deny that the Federal government might already know who the creator of Bitcoin is. They may, and they may have quite strong evidence. However, having "no choice in the matter" of whether to reveal one's identity under interrogation is less clear. At least in the context of a law enforcement investigation, the fifth amendment privilege is quite strong when properly asserted, and the government's power to compel answers from a suspect is correspondingly weak. Do you have an example of someone described as a domestic terrorist being compelled to answer questions in an interrogation as a result of the Patriot Act? Speculations about tptacek's amusement: Maybe he thinks other governments aren't anywhere near having the capability "to do the same", depending on what "the same" is. (Most states could tap cell phone calls off the air or make domestic carriers turn over lots of data, but not tap undersea cables, and probably not extensively compromise commercial telecommunications infrastructure in other countries.) Maybe he thinks pretty much all governments have been trying to spy on everyone they can for some time now and none of them have so far perceived significant legal, political, economic, or moral deterrents in doing so. Personally, I think your fingerprinting example is instructive because the practices of one state do have an influence on the practices of another -- though fingerprinting is something that the general public can see directly, unlike most electronic surveillance. After all,the fingerprinting is quite overt. I take Snowden's (and Eben Moglen's) point that states and spooks have talked together for a long time about their deeply shared understanding of spying, and never thought it was necessary to tell or ask the public. I agree that the U.S. pioneered terrible rules in both of these areas and then helped spread those rules around the world. The drug war and copyright law, though, have both been spread by treaties: https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Single_Convention_on_Narcotic_... https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Berne_Convention https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/WIPO_Copyright_Treaty https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/WIPO_Performances_and_Phonogra... (Some people have coined the term "policy laundering" to describe creating domestic policy by agreeing to a treaty demanding it, and then pointing to the treaty obligation as a reason that the domestic policy can't be changed -- maybe even within the country whose negotiators first proposed adding it to the treaty!) I don't think there are many treaties that require states to engage in surveillance. There are civil rights treaties that can be interpreted to restrict it. The closest I can think of is that the Chicago Convention https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Convention_on_International_Ci... says that civil air carriers must comply with immigration rules, which might be one legal basis for collecting ever more information in identity documents, and for requiring carriers to verify them and share information about travelers with states. (I guess there are similar rules in treaties about ships, too?) Probably not on a massive scale, given scans, pinning, and pin violation reports. Real-world MITM attacks involving certificate misissuance have already been caught by these means (mostly by Google, which is putting the most effort into it). The Post's headline seems a big optimistic, since the news report is about whether the U.S. government will claim to be the core authority administering the DNS root (and other IANA functions). The article says the government will now relinquish this claim. But it seems like there are certain other ways in which the U.S. government exercises "control over the Internet". The most famous alleged case is https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/EgyptAir_Flight_990 Wikipedia has a relevant category: https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Category:Airliner_accidents_an... That category includes hijacked or stolen planes that were thought to have been deliberately crashed, not only suicide attempts by the official pilot of a scheduled flight. There are also seemingly cases there of suicide by passengers not involving a full-fledged hijacking but involving a crash. EDIT: I tried to go through all of the Wikipedia articles in this category and subcategorize them according to perpetrator and circumstance. * Passenger suicide resulting in crash (1) * Passenger attack against pilots resulting in crash (6, including all Sept. 11 attacks) * Suicide attempt by pilot resulting in deaths of others aboard (1) * Suicide by pilot resulting in deaths of others aboard (2) * Disputed suicide by pilot resulting in deaths of others aboard (2) * Suicide by pilot not during scheduled flight, with no passengers aboard (2) The latter cases both involved disgruntled pilots who wanted to get back at their employers. Unfortunately, in one of the two cases the pilot also succeeded in murdering, not passengers, but coworkers on the ground. (One of the fatal passenger-attacks-pilot cases also involved a disgruntled airline employee who was not a pilot.) I imagine there might be other cases of general aviation pilots deliberately crashing their planes to commit suicide without intending to injure anyone else. Many of those cases may never have been identified as suicides by crash investigators. ... yeah, apparently there were 16 identified general aviation suicides (typically killing only the pilot) in the U.S. between 1993 and 2002 and 8 between 2003 and 2012. http://www.faa.gov/data_research/research/med_humanfacs/oamt... http://avstop.com/March_2014/aircraft_assisted_pilot_suicide... See also Julie Cohen's 1996 paper on this problem: https://papers.ssrn.com/sol3/papers.cfm?abstract_id=17990 In this context, the troubles with that statement are "your" and "this program". https://www.techdirt.com/articles/20130729/12223823986/senat... I think you mean trademark. The original post is using "gendered" in a non-linguistic sense (with a meaning something like '[disproportionately] associated with a particular gender'). There are definitely adjectives and nouns that have such a strong gender connotation that they're used almost exclusively to refer to people of one gender, even though gender isn't necessarily part of their definition. (Common examples in English are "feisty", "perky", "bitchy", and "voluptuous", although there are others.) It seems quite possible to imagine verbs entering this category, so that they'd be used in practice almost exclusively with subjects of one gender, though I don't know of an example in English. I think the original post's use of "gendered" is actually weaker than this phenomenon because it says that "love (one's activity or profession)" is used much more by men than by women, not necessarily that it's acquired a connotation for listeners that the subject is male. (So the Hacker School administrators' concern is that women tend not to describe themselves as "loving programming", not that a listener hearing that "X loves programming" will assume that X is a man.) I guess I just mean to suggest that it's quite possible to imagine a verb also acquiring such a connotation for listeners, even if this one hasn't in this case. Getting back to the linguistic question of whether verbs can have gender, I think that duco in the sense of 'take (a wife)' in Latin can only be applied to a man's act of marrying a woman, and not to a woman's act of marrying a man, but that might be more a matter of ancient Roman legal understanding of marriage and so could be closer to your example of "impregnate" than to the original post's sense, which is meant to refer more to connotations than to grammatical possibility or impossibility. There actually are languages that have genders for verbs, where gender is a feature for which verbs are inflected and where verbs must agree with their subject in gender as well as, say, number. For instance, in Hebrew if a male subject loves something, the verb form is אוֹהֵב ohev , whereas when a female subject loves something, the verb form is אוֹהֵבֵת ohevet . Arabic also has gender-marked verb forms that agree with the grammatical gender of the subject. This has no connection to the way the original post uses the term, though!