Tel Aviv: You should be moving faster. A lot faster. Dublin: Be wittier then smart. Melbourne: I agree. Its a confused message that definitely has to do with sports not clothes. Not exactly the same thing. Spoofing you comp's trade name is pretty much the definition of trademark violation. It (Google's policy) flops around a bit. It differs between countries and seems to get tweaked or turned over every so often. I believe in the US bidding restrictions on trademarked terms were recently removed. But you are still restricted in using trademarked terms in ads. Personally, I agree that restrictions (bidding on trademarked terms) should be removed. I would compare it to handing out flyers on the street outside you competitions' shop. Tasteless maybe, but shouldn't be illegal. Companies don't own the search results, trademark or not any more then they own the street. I don't think that's worrying. If Amazon or Facebook or any other site did it wouldn't even be noticed. I think that's just reaching for a way to fault Google. BTW, an interesting application of personalisation is not so much search ads (They are already pretty much the most targeted ads because search term is enough to target ads with) but content ads (eg adsense). Currently, ads are targeted using relevance to page content/site content or demographics of the users. But search history reveals a lot about interests & could be the key to 'fixing' context advertising (from the advertisers perspective). $4b is an awful lot. Especially since any potential business model is still to be really proven. The sort of targeted advertising they are aiming for is not necessarily easy to pull off. And I think it will take a couple of years to prove it either way. I wonder what this does to their runway? Here's a potentially interesting angle: Digital print isn't killing newspapers. One major barrier to entry (bottleneck) was printing. You needed a certain volume & a certain infrastructure to print papers. Digital print really lowered that barrier. You can now get in at a fraction of the distribution volume. But we haven't seen a proliferation of papers. What does that mean? Could this mean that they are already dead in the air? What're the other options? That the bottleneck they used to control is not something they've been leaning on? That seems unlikely. A good few are not as hot as they used to be. The 'cream' areas, mostly classified ads, are drying up. And they were the areas with big margins. Down here (Australia), 'Fairfax Digital' the online version(s) of 'Fairfax Media' - the 1 ton gorrila of Aussie media, probably has kept it's market share of the key areas online. The have the #1 job site, real estate & they are doing ok with cars, personals, buy/sell and other traditional media cash cows. In terms of market share, I wouldn't be surprised if the (society's) move to online media has not been a net gain for them. However, they were in a pretty cushy position before. They had to compete with 2-3 other media giants. Now they are in constant danger of assault from under the radar. Google maps may make real estate sites useless. It seems improbable that 5 more years will pass & noone will figure out an online dating or car selling or something that will take out their sites. Basically, if I were them I'd feel like it's almost impossible for them to hang on to dominance for long. I assumed that the company was buying back the stock using the company piggy bank. But as mentioned below, maybe this is achieved by direct trading between employees or investors. I'm not really literate in the technicalities but something doesn't add up. The preferred stock deal with MSFT values the company at $15b 'internal valuation' that the shares were issued at is $4b. Aren't these supposed to be approximations of the same thing, roughly? Does that means that they can't go public with a valuation lower then $15b? That MSFT deal seems insane. Facebook would have to be an advertising powerhouse. "The problem is that online news isn't really free -- it requires funding from the dying offline business because online news doesn't have a viable business model." Very True. An online reader is just not worth much. Even if they do get you onto their site. "Successful news providers in the future will need to start with a much cheaper cost structure to match a much lower revenue model. " The business model might just be collapsing. And that does not necessarily mean a new one takes its place. I mean I can't take the 'new music business models' (t shirts and personalised songs & stuff) seriously. Sometimes industries collapse. Print news might be one of them. "Successful news providers in the future will need to start with a much cheaper cost structure to match a much lower revenue model" How about 0 cost (99% of blogs) & 0 direct revenue. BTW, for writer I think the alternative business model is more feasible. Books, appearances, lectures etc. A good few big name journalists could pull this off. Quite a few bloggers (in the business blogging field at least) do. Makes sense. I guess they pay an evil premium. But wouldn't they have something written into the deal that they can't sell the company at a valuation lower then the preferred stock price? Isn't that what preferred stock means. I suppose that there would be no restrictions on buying at a lower valuation. - Maybe amateurs (some future form of blogger). - Maybe free lancers building a name & readership for monetisation via books, lectures etc. (This should at least salvage the top tier journalists) - Maybe none. Who said a change has to be 100% for the better. When the printing press was born, illustrated books (hand illustrated) died. Maybe the whole thing needs to be free. Break Apple's make a profit on everything policy. In this case, these are the types of features people will use because they're there and get used to having. The they get hooked. Apple could get their own social network out of it. And they're going for a few rubles these days. '"The MobileMe launch clearly demonstrates that we have more to learn about Internet services," Jobs says. "And learn we will. The vision of MobileMe is both exciting and ambitious, and we will press on to make it a service we are all proud of by the end of this year."' If its not leaked & not intended for general consumption its pretty worrying. Could you imaging working with someone who says 'we will press on to make it a service we are all proud of' instead of 'this sucks. We need to fix it.' '"The MobileMe launch clearly demonstrates that we have more to learn about Internet services," Jobs says. "And learn we will. The vision of MobileMe is both exciting and ambitious, and we will press on to make it a service we are all proud of by the end of this year."' If its not leaked & not intended for general consumption its pretty worrying. Could you imaging working with someone who says 'we will press on to make it a service we are all proud of' instead of 'this sucks. We need to fix it.' It might even make sense for Techcrunch etc. to buy the thing to stick on their website. There's a bit in "The Elegant Universe" about how at this point it's impossible to distinguish between real but weird physics and just crazy. Well it is a good idea (I guess) if you want to keep taking chances but don't want an IPO or acquisition. You can't expect employees to keep working for risky stock forever. They'd have (I assume) a good few employees with $1/2m - $1m or even $50 - $100k worth of stock. For many, it's probably more then everything else they own put together. You wouldn't want to put everything you own on one risky & speculative tech stock. They'd be pretty keen on an IPO. I guess letting them cash out a bit is a way of releasing some of that pressure so they can keep taking risk. True, and neither of those are money-makers. The whole 'we'll make money off it with advertising later' has failed many times. Search is the exception not the rule. Until I actually saw some innovative advertising method making advertisers money and getting an excited response in that community, I'd be sceptical that they can do more with a pageview then NYT.com or About.com or any other 'site.' At banner ad monetisation rates, that would probably put them at around the $50m - $500m p/y mark. I guess a sort of important related question is: "Is money really much of a bottleneck here" If there was much more money from investors or the partners, would YC fund any more startups then it does? I have to admit, I know virtually nothing about how YC works, but it doesn't sound like it's all that capital intensive. And the cycle shouldn't be that long either. The technical difficulty is almost a side thing I guess. The box is the limitations of the medical profession. What I think is the interesting part of this is that he did not say: 'not my job' or (more likely) 'I wish that this was someone's job' or ' 'I wish we could do something.' He said 'what needs to be done. The guy who wrote it (Brian Greene) is a string physicist, so he definitely thinks so. Every time you hear a physicist interviewed about string theory what you get is: 'It's not very good, but it's all we got' According to Carl Sagan, the experiment will not produce much. I don't think they actually expect to produce micro black holes. The most 'interesting' probable result is actually a negative outcome. IE they fail to detect the Higgs boson. That would mean that the 'standard model' needs to be abandoned. Definitely. Another thing to note is that apple haven't really done any black magic marketing (though they have done that too) to get their margins up. They simply differentiated effectively. Noone else has in that market so it seems like voodoo. But in most markets (batteries, soap, jeans, cars) you have differentiated brands that command different premiums. A mac is not comparable to a windows pc (in the minds of many consumers at least). So the get to raise their margins. Dell including XYZ = Toshiba including XYZ. The specs are the value, pretty much exactly. So, like petrol stations, they don't have margins. Another thing to note is that most price comparisons compare based on seller costs. Because in a competitive market that is what market prices reflect. The value to a consumer is necessarily higher (or they wouldn't buy) and it can be much higher. If the cost of production is $1000and & the value to the consumer is $10000, the machine will be priced somewhere between those two. The more competitive (less differentiated) the market is, the closer to $1000. I wouldn't be surprised if apple is considering that route. Especially now after they've successfully bamboozled carriers with the iphone. But I actually think that the cheap ultra-portables (eg Eee) wuld have the edge here. If we take the mobile phone industry as a guide, the carriers will probably pay up to about $150 - $250 to get you on a $30 - $50 p/m plan. That doesn't make too much dent in an Air. If you bundle it with home broadband plan (maybe they'd subsidise $300) they could give out mini laptops for free or at $100 or so. Apple is actually in a spot. Experience & connections with carriers that no one else has, but no product to which a few 100s makes much of a difference. I never use Evite (no one evites me either) so I may not 'get it'. But I don't think anyvite necessarily needs to get people to switch (though maybe declaring war is probably good for PR). There is potential in the many people who have never used evite. I think anyvite has more of a chance for after work drinks or meals (maybe you need to reserve a table) an other casual & short notice stuff like that. It's probably good timing for a second wave of this kind of thing as mobile internet is getting a critical mass. According to the article's links (& I think this might be fairly accurate), we are on the 'mac is high' end of that swing. Ant this time it's higher more then a $100 difference. The 'is it alive' was always the sort of semantic bickering that biologists have always been prone to. Like all that arguing about classification (going back centuries). I don't mean when it's arguing about facts or their interpretation. As often as not it's just about naming conventions. Anyway, 'is it alive' is not an interesting question. That's just about defining 'organism.' Like defining, human or mammal, there has to be some grey area. 'Is it life' might be a better one. Because then you are talking about something that has consequences. In the absence of 'true organisms' can viruses themselves start an evolutionary chain? This discovery might mean that they can. First mover doesn't necessarily mean absolutely first. "Early mover" is probably a better term. Either way, it tends to apply to the first (or one of the first) to cross a certain hurdle. Doesn't bootstrapping also imply operating on founders' credit? I appreciate the distinction (& the modesty) but I think that YC is exceptionally sold. It seems to be a pretty good machine for getting people to do what you want them too. Does YC convince people to start companies? ..move cities? ..change game plan in a way that is as significant or more significant (to them) then signing a deal is to a VC? But I get what you mean. That knack for projecting momentum is rare. I think PG has said this before. There is incompatability between: A. VCs are 'funds' (IE they need to invest a big amounts) B. Partners only invest 1-2 times per year C. Startups are (or can be) cheap One of them has to give. Seems like its C. First/Early mover, is (I think) a more useful concept from the market perceptive then the technology perspective. eBay was the winner that emerged from the first tussle and as said above it was the first to hit a certain size. You might not want to call it a first mover but that is a semantic discussion. From the perspective of the market, it was. The iphone certainly is a late entrant any way you slice the market. Late mover doesn't necessarily mean loser though. Palm was a late entrant. I think what you get in that case is that the market had a few false starts. In that case, moving early would have been a mistake as the market didn't take off. You could argue that the ipod was a first mover from a marketing perspective. The idea is that the product (in the minds of users) is so different that it is essentially a different market. grey area But some areas definitely favour early movers. Interestingly, I don't think viaweb was one of them. You have a very large choice of online shop building software these days. There is not too much advantage in choosing the same software as everyone else. But I guess that wouldn't have been obvious at that point. Things could have rolled out differently though 'Web malls' could have happened. In that case, being in early would have been a big deal. Cheers for the link. Is there analysis that goes with it? "Google's customers are the advertisers." Technically. They do a great job of monetising search traffic but that's not the bottleneck. Search engines win by attracting their customers' customers, users. Advertisers will follow the users. I'm fairly new here but I am pretty impressed by the tone. The thing that I find interesting is the level you really notice how restrained people are. It's not more civil then a very relaxed in-person discussion. But when it's online, it seems extremely restrained. I had almost written off online discussion if a forum over a certain size (such as comments on a blog). As an experiment, I think it's very impressive. Shows it can be done. Tough Call. But on the whole I think a bad idea. True. From the perspective of most advertisers, they only care about their niche. If you your search engine or auction site is the place to go for tradesmen (plumbers, electricians etc.) or some other big money niche, you'd be able to make a lot more then you would with a much larger all purpose engine. I think you need to take this in Seth's Audience's context. He is not writing for startups. He's writing for businesses. Take Amazon (established 1994). It was a great success as a startup in 2-4 years (IPO in 97'). It got big fast. It made waves. It challenged the way the industry needed to work & it presented a net gain for the economy as a whole. It became profitable in 2001/2 (7-8 years). A reasonable definition of a successful business . By 2004 - 2008 (10 - 14 yrs) it's a stable business it is clearly here to stay. The elements of its strategy that made it successful in the second half of its life (the profitable one) are the slow & steady ones. Reliability, customer service, trustworthiness, customer goodwill, a long lived affiliate program... But I agree, some of the examples he gave were probably not the best. DO you have both or just a desktop? I wonder if Google realised before adwords started growing like wildfire that search was such a potentially powerful advertising platform. I know that other pay per click & search marketing services were around and were reasonably successful, but a lot of that was probably hard to seperate from the bubble. I mean I don't think there were many plumbers advertising on search in 99' & coca cola was never going to work. Yes that's how it will seem so long as it's not too big. Just like they present certain college jobs under some obscure classification that means they are not bound to minimum wage. Or mailbox stuffers. Down here they advertise those jobs as a way to make sure you get your daily walk & get paid a little. If it becomes a serious channel to a labor market, it might become a way of bypassing Chinas $144 minimum wage. (BTW, There are quite a few internet sweatshops going already with 12X7 weeks @ $144 p/m) I remember reading (couldn't find the link) that University texts were about the same price on kindle as hardcover. That has got to be a big mistake. - University texts are expensive because of the short runs. Authors get only a couple of $ for $100 sales. - University texts are heavy. - Students are the ones carrying multiple books around daily. (all those scenarios of not needing to pack 10 books on holiday...) Throw in the fact that students are a great segment to introduce these sorts of products to & it seems crazy that they haven't targeted colleges as the inroad for this product. I mean if you could convince Universities that: - Lecturers can prescribe aby books they want without worrying about being stuck with early editions or the print houses running out. - Lecturers can publish books themselves without a minimum run & keep 4X the profit from 1/4 of the cost to students. I mean they could almost make it a mandatory buy. Consider that over 3-4 years you spend approx $1000 (including buying & selling second hand), if they could sell college texts for $20, the total cost to students would be about 1/2 of the cost of hardcovers with reduced hassles. Amazon seems not to give a damn about that market. I think that they didn't do well in negotiations with publishers. Apple might have done a better job there I think. http://www.sed.manchester.ac.uk/idpm/research/publications/w... Seems sort of silly at this point. But with enough demand for more unskilled labour online, it might become something more substantial. From the paper: " The rather wobbly-legged best guesses for 2008 are that 400,000 gold farmers earning an average US$145 per month produced a global market worth US$500m; but we could easily more than double the latter to over US$1bn. There are probably 5-10m consumers of gold farming services. " Well, it might. Where I went, the campus bookstore was a co-op anyway. I think not for profit. I'd imagine for many campuses they just cost money to keep alive. But You'd probably still need them to an extent. I don't know much about VC structures. How much they need to invest per year. How many partners, etc. But I assume that even if the numbers are off, the principle stands: They invest in few companies per year, so they need to invest large amounts. Maybe VCs (or the ones currently around) don't need to be investing in software startups any more. The classic model is that VCs fund risky industries that need a lot of startup cash (like sailing to India to buy spices). If that's not software anymore, maybe they need to get out. At least out of some software areas. Actually, I was surprised at the numbers he was talking about: 50k, 200k.. Not necessarily. You have to compare sales to something. He's comparing (I assume) to what he thinks they could have been. Who is the real target of tech startup PR? Is it potential users or potential acquirers/investors? The point is that the reason that it's worth anything is one of the greyed out areas. All they really give you is the genre. Marketing Plan: 1) Get lots of people to use it 2) Charge a lot of money for it Funny. It's not necessarily part of the same. But it seems likely to be. The thing that is missing is what do 'you' do. If I am thinking up, designing, promoting & running the site. The sit = the business, what's are you for? BTW, there might be a his part. But it's not mentioned. Would you prefer me with an scalpel? I think the problem is partly the 'industry's' motivation. Three main reasons for outsourcing are: 1. Do it cheaper. 2. Do it better. 3. Don't want to develop skills internally, grow horizontally, grow at all. I think all these are variations & combinations of 1 & 2. If the motivation is 1, the effect is deep. Firms succeed by being cheapest. They hire, train & develop their employees based on this. The whole industry develops in that direction. Like with Customer Service. Most outsource to save money. Most should outsource because they suck at it. I think he was commenting on the software outsourcing in India industry, at its current state rather then the concept of outsourcing in general. I've heard a few versions of this. The PG is good. "Stuff has gotten a lot cheaper, but our attitudes toward it haven't changed correspondingly. We overvalue stuff." In other words, Hoarding is a vestige. I think this one has a lot of truth: "1. The things you own have a cost of ownership." Moving backwards in house size is nearly impossible. And it's largely because of stuff. Ever rented a cabin or tourist flat. They're small & relatively empty, but most people find it really nice. I wonder if any of that is taking a break from your stuff. FWIW, Apple and Google are both overvalued. :) Well as you said: 'growth bets'. Google are a long bet, I reckon. So far they're proven for putting out good products. But to be worth the money they need to monetise at least some of these. Up to now we have one success in that department: Adwords, which is extremely well thought out. But it's still just one point. They may not get another multi-$b cow. Adwords even if they manage to fix content ads, would be pressed to find that much growth (but 100%-200% is not out of the question) Apple may be justified. There is the old mantra of 'be very good at 2 things' instead of 'be the best at 1 thing.' Apple can do: 1- Software 2- Hardware 3- Marketing / Product Launches 4- Creating Markets & doing deals that put a nice chunk of it in their pockets (Itunes, App store) Take any 2 and you have a potential player in a lot of markets theat may grow very big. - TVish markets (some future apple TV?) - bookish markets (Kindle?) - thin clients (If the free with internet accesss PCs happen, who better then apple to make them? Nokia?) - gaming (could happen?) - GPSish markets (you never know where this might go) - In-Vehicle stuff (Ipod type thing for music & aircon & stuff in your new BMW?) You almost expect apple to grab a piece of any consumer electronics that come up. Problem is they seem to be running on momentum. Not sure that'll last forever. I suppose there is an equilibrium point in every scenario. A surgeon with a steak knife is preferable to me with a scalpel but not a medical student with a scalpel. But I guess the point is scalpels are usually easier to get then surgeons (or med students). And their quality scale is more finite. To add to that: How many of http://ycombinator.com/ideas.html could be cracked by Apple? I think 1, 2, 17, 27, they do, probably will do or are uniquely positioned to do. They could have as good a crack as any another half dozen. Come to think of it: "17. New payment methods" might be one for Google. I mean, the key(s) seem like they might be around millions of users with accounts & easy, frictionless interface. Google checkout's not really changing the word though. Users was probably the wrong term. I meant 'accounts'. Its funny how irritated the term web 2.0 makes people. Even more so if they end up conceding that some sort of a term was/is necessary. Hyped? sure. But fuzzy... It's not that vague is it? It's moving data storage and/or processing to servers. Even cloudier if it's through the web & even cloudier if it's something that was once done on the desktop. Outlook >> Gmail Word Perfect >> Google Docs Even wording it most fuzzily it's be something like.'Making the device less important' Concerts & theatre would sell it to me. I've been complaining there is no decent way to find something to do online (especially if you're visiting a city) for a while. I'm not 100% sure, but I think some of the best options down here a government run. & it's about selling stuff. If you're between buyers & sellers because buyers like you, you've got a business model. It's interesting that all these complaints from "IP facisim" to price are usually along the lines of: I shouldn't pay you because... or I will pay you because... That's not really a situation of ownership. At least not in the conventional sense. The conventional ownership meaning is 'I will pay you for this because I want it & otherwise I can't have it.' 'If you charge me an outrageus price, I will complain, or even not buy it.' I mean airport souvenir shops don't get more shoplifting because they have 1000% markup. Not sure what that means but payment feels voluntary to most people. And nothin aint worth nothin but its free Ramen Profitable - Great term. At great difficulty. A lot of people can't manage it. My girlfriend's father & his wife had two house. They liked the smaller one but it couldn't contain their stuff. The sold it. (and built a couple of new sheds to contain it's stuff) It's interesting to consider employee acquisition as a motivator. As far as I could guess there are a few motivations: 1 the technology 2 the product/userbase 3 the employees 4 kill competition 1 & 2 could be 'masterplan' motivations. 3 has a maximum dollar value. 4 is rarely admitted. It's hard to judge if they messed up without knowing which one it is. Well it may not be an immediate problem for founders (so long as they have no sentimental attachment to the company), because they've been paid. But it is a problem for acquirers & by extension a problem for future founders. If acquisitions fail to meet goals, they'll dry up. Well, seems to make more sense then separating observers from the universe. Ironically, I have heard quite a lot of people say that many Chinese tertiary courses are not actually very difficult. 'Ah, such economic ignorance! What is this "country" that "can't provide" if it isn't the people themselves who are to be provided for. People both take and create jobs.' There are constraints. For one, economies cannot grow faster then a certain rate (they're pushing it already) without fallout. For another, this is a largely controlled economy. I think they might be talking about 20 - 30 years ago. Wang (the child) is 29. I think the relevant point is not whether you can improve your test score by studying (you can). It's whether or not this is a good thing to be expending your energy on (from the public point of view). Is the next step up the scale 1 week cycles? I like this idea. Any ideas on how to scale past 100 shirts a week? ah Great site. I'm sold once you get going down here (Australia). Signed up with Edinburgh to practice ;) Now I wish I lived there. BTW, I'd love to see the long tail get taken care of properly. That's what I'm really interested in. I'd probably use a 'what's on tomorrow' page for small shows 100X more then a 'what's on this month' page for $100 + shows. Any way crack away at the RIAA thing. 4. Don’t use gender stereotypes: Were bikini models demo-ing the startups? Why is this so important? So many 'are macs expensive?' articles. Why does this keep coming up? >"An objective of the compulsory license is to ensure that a listener's experience is similar to traditional radio and essentially non-interactive (i.e., you can't hear a specific song when you want it), so as not to substitute for music purchase." If the legal environment that these laws (Digital Millennium Copyright Act) are trying to create is actually going to be, this sounds like it could be a great idea. Otherwise, it seems like obeying the law is trying to win a swim race in shackles. I think it comes back to not really wanting the internet to happen. And not necessarily irrationally. The recording industry world has been in a pretty sweat spot. The current (& past) world creates a substantial income built on 1. selling albums, 2. strict adherance to a 90/10 rule (revenue/artists), 3. Periphery industries that support 1 & 2 (eg: movie soundtracks, radio). Almost any step is a step away from that cushy world. So any slowing of change is good. That's actually an cool idea. I mean, if they can really pick your preferences effectively, you don't need 'stars' anymore. >"That makes me really sad" Id say it makes a lot of people angry. It's also another step in making people reconsider the concept of copyright for music. I think someone's mentioned it here in the discussion: Copyright protection is not an inalienable right (like the right to remain silent), it's an instrument designed to have some desirable result (like tax deductions). Copyright in this case is preventing innovative products & services, and very probably harmful to the art itself. 'Small' artists & genres have the most to gain from the potential of free music. An irony of this kind of business is that if someone isn't going to buy, it's still to the benefit of the vendor if she has it. The only issue is that it's almost impossible to distinguish between a give-away that cannibalises a sale & one that does not. Presumably, terrestrial radio is not seen as a potential replacement for CDs while internet/satellite is. It's all rubbish of course. In a way, 'stars' might be a lot worse off without piracy. Consumers might be drawn to free music given away by weird artists (Radiohead, NIN). Presumably a lot of those would be artists with 0 sales & nothing to cannibalise. Take, software as an analogy. How many users of pirated MS Office would otherwise use Open Office? In the south, these might have become the standard if not for piracy. It's actually a little ironic. The Venture industry exists because big opportunities can be pursued with fraction (maybe 1/10) of their potential worth. But now opportunities of the same size can be pursued with a much smaller fraction (say 1/100). As an investor, you're still willing to pay the 10th. Economics goes a little fuzzy around the edges. So the problem is not: - Off-topic articles are not interesting. it is: - Off topic articles are interesting also to off topic readers & off topic readers jeopardise the nature of the site/community. I don't think you have to. http://appjet.com/docs/faq "I think it's extremely likely that JavaScript will be absolutely pervasive in applications in the coming years" Why? Why hasn't it happened yet. JS has been around for a while. Web developers's have known it for a while. Why now? Because of Appjet or whoever else will fill that role? Or because 'rich web apps' have reached that point? {I'm not baiting, I'm actually asking} DO you have an exit strategy? If so, when did you formulate it? If early on, how has it affected your product? "He says once he can afford it he will pay" There's a few things that I never could believe: A woman when she weeps A merchant when he swears A thief who says he'll pay - A lawyer when he cares A snake when he is sleeping A drunkard when he prays I don't believe you go to heaven when you're good Everything goes to hell, anyway... (Everything Goes to Hell, Tom Waits, ) Apple's like a case study in multiple competencies. "Early stage" of the market. That does not necessarily equal in the technology. What seems odd is that Amazon seems to be trying to avoid a game change. They want to make reading /book ownership & retail different with as little effect on what goes on further up the value chain as possible. Prices are more or less the same, for one. That doesn't seem to make sense. I don't think the argument is about (or entirely about) attractiveness (or lack thereof) of high margin sectors. It's about being able to thrive in that kind of environment. For example, Apple cannot thrive in the same kind of environment as Dell. Apple's corporate culture, habits & history would put it at a disadvantage in a world where margins are thin because it has not evolved or been optimised for that environment. In a world where competitively driving down costs via stock turnaround times & cheap production determine success Dell has the upper hand. Similarly, in a world where revenue per employee is low, a company such as Google might be ill equipped. I am not agreeing or disagreeing with this position (I don't really know enough to). I'm sure you could argue other forces at play might be more significant or that his assumptions about Google's tactics are incorrect. But it's not nonsensical. What I did find unclear was which category he places himself in: SMB software or enterprise. But that's a limitation of the medium (personal blogs). Some background is assumed. I'm willing to take that as it means writers don't have to start from scratch. If what collapses the current industry structure is apple's device, they'll probably come out in a decent position. If that's what's going to happen anyway, isn't it better to lead? Especially if there's a chance of locking users in to a device with DRM. And it seems impossible that there won't be a change. The whole economics of printing is built on the realities of.. printing. How long can they keep pretending that books are being printed? But I guess you're right. It's not 'no sense' it's 'no cojones'. That is by definition a very niche problem. Apart from running each other's proprietary browsers, there is no reason not to make any browser with enough of a following to determine machine choice, available on any platform. Normally, the reason an 'app of choice' wouldn't be available is obscurity. The point here is that the only app that matters now is the browser & maybe another handful. Fewer chances for an obscure killer app to kill the sale because all your obscure apps are online. If all you need to do is make sure that all important browsers are available on your platform, it's doable even if it's chasing down browsers with less then .01% of users. Yes that's true. But it still plays in the phone league. It replaces a purchase of another phone. If hadn't bought an iphone, you probably would have bought a nokia. You know 3 or 4 doesn't seem that bad. Should be manageable. It's not, that's unfortunate. In lots of cases 3 - 4 players can virtually act as one. Look at the RIAA. A model of cooperation. "Design Products for Yourself" works in the brave new world of the long tail. 'You' are probably representative of a bunch of consumers worldwide. Enough to make a market. 'He' isn't in that world. He's in the mass market world where you need 'market share' and 'mass appeal.' So being very appealing to some people is no good. In that world, you needed to be 'good enough' for lots of people. Problem is people will move away from good enough to good when it becomes available. And it almost impossible to be good for everyone. This article's a bit unfair. If you read the interview (kinda long) the quotes' are a little out of context. At least they don't really represent the jist of his arguments. Sure, the business model is built on artificial product life-cycles, content-container hybrids that are unnecessary and market segmentation that is being aggressively created to wring as much out of a new flick as possible. He refers to this: http://www.flickr.com/photos/13736953@N00/2762004788/ (He segments the market across 2 axis (medium - store/mail/internet/kiosk & method - rent/buy/subscribe) But given that environment, his arguments are reasonable. They want to focus on the big market - Physical Store. VOD subscriptions, he sees as a small market indefinitely. VOD buy/rent he sees as a long term direction so. The point about new releases sounded a little more along the lines of: The new release market is more substantial. We have chosen to focus on those. We can, if needed support the long tail. It's a bit cheap taking shots at everyone & anyone in an anachronistic business. What do you expect them to do throw the business out the window & start over? The in store market still exists.