What are you trying to accomplish with this? :) Books give him a temporal high? WTF? Yes, stuff like this! Heh... but I really liked _feeling_ on par with whatever people are using/feeling inside BigCo. Do you agree with the answer to #2? He goes on to say that some former JPL employee named Ron attributed his high productivity to Lisp but, when he joined Google he found out C++ programmers there that were more productive that he in Lisp. Then he realized it was the programmers that mattered, not the programming language. Now, isn't this a bit stretched? I'd believe if it was Python against Lisp, of course... I don't like it. They should just try to mimic OSX... I disliked the Dark theme for ubuntu 9. Guys, shouldn't we be talking about 11th position? Lisp! Remember? So, they can't live from its profit yet. :( OH COOL! Congratulations! When I was deciding for Django, this... So, how do I build the next Google? Sure, but I'm not a designer. Someone isn't ugly just because they have a big nose, for example. I can't explain exactly why it is ugly. But it is in the fonts, the anti-aliasing, the theme that tries to be new but only changes some colors, the terminal tab bar too big... Should I learn SQL alone first? Misread as XeXeca Who would say.. C++ is the language du jour again! Meta-comment: this Safari site advertises it has over _9000_ books and videos! How is that going to attract people? It's more about the concepts, IMHO. Google has implemented MapReduce in C++. Which is probably why they're dominating the world while I'm playing with another language I'll never get to write anything in... Youtube: "Quants: The Alchemists of Wall Street." What can give me IDE-like popup completion for the current file using a live python interpreter beyond the scenes? Why isn't there SLIME for Python? There are also slides packed with the source download on Sourceforge (/doc). Hm, blog has two entries, both are on HN at this moment... is it considered ok to ask for friends to post links to your blog? Just askin... Shouldn't a team like this start their own business instead of thinking of being hired? Imagine if the skeptic had a heart attack at that very time... YES! Why Rails sites always look better than Django ones? Curious... why do you think themes are a bad design choice for Chrome? What about it? I do 67^2 as 60 60 + 7 60 + 7 60 + 7 7 ... What is NurteShock? The "Themes by Google" ones are a little better. Nah, I'll just see them on Youtube. Neko -> Haxe -> Cool flash stuff Related: http://ncannasse.fr/blog/physaxe [edit: oops, I think Haxe doesn't need Neko if you're targetting Flash] Totally different? IIRC, Neko is based on Ocaml, which is on the other side of the spectrum from dynamic languages like Lua... So... what do you mean? the sad thing is that that product will only work for english :) on one way, recognizing (and translating the subtitles to english) other languages would be more important because most people already know english... there's "english sound" -> text.. what i meant is that perhaps "chinese sound" -> text or something would be more useful fost most people around here What about environment? Does it take pictures? before getting to know them.. but then you should. Joel was a fun read back then. Respect. aka "bunnie", the guy who become famous for hacking Xbox, IIRC. ...with Lars Bak. Python is fine for Norvig. Just got over 9000 with a snippet in Perl, using regular expressions. Does the codebase matters more than the ideabase? Surprisingly, this allows sending SMS to all operators in Brazil, and just tested on mine. I wonder, how they did it? Did they have to contact each operator and make a deal, or I'm missing something? Self-answering: http://news.ycombinator.com/item?id=449670 I wish there was some service that would allow me to send SMS for free, and they could add a 30-char ad along... A VPS could be easily shared if you have couple friends interested... Hate the dark theme. Feels like a skinned desktop from the nineties. Changed to a light theme which looks ok but like the same I used in the last 10 years... When will I install an Ubuntu that doesn't make me feel so "Oh this is still Linux"... Also, why isn't VLC the default video player yet? Hm, it was quite easy to install more window borders. If only I could get fonts to look like Windows... Nice design. How long does it take an expert designer to make a site like this? I'm wondering if can/should a programmer learn to do this? Because I intend to create a startup and would like to save money there... 1. Perhaps something similar could be done with people travelling on airports? (Ok, it's very dangerous to just carry random stuff, but perhaps would work for books or things like that) I'd ship many empty boxes at the beginning, to test how many of those arrive the destination. I suppose the payment is done after the package arrives... My stocks going up. Less people thinking the dark ubuntu theme is nice. Nice, not as verbose as I thought Scala code was... "Shouldn't we all be using the same CSS?" Video: http://propella.blogspot.com/2009/12/wooden-half-adder-video... Funny dude! Thanks. I felt this should exist somewhere already. Here, some systems say you have an "waiting time: 10 minutes" every 10 minutes. But what can I do with this, startup-wise? :) (It's a problem to myself also) Can't you just turn it into a crime not to deliver? I kept adjusting the contrast of my monitor until I reailized the logo was changed. I always envied smokers because of that. Go for a smoke: cool. Go think about something: nerd. Picture yourself saying "I need to think" to the hot gal. Fail. "Very strong possiblity" ? Where is the data? You might be the person to tell me. I always felt people can't stop because they associate smoking with bad feelings. You give a smoker bad news and he lits one, every time. Now you associated it with something good: engaging with the boss. And so you could easily stop. Would you agree with that? The coolest guy in the world, Obama, smokes... (BTW, can he smoke on the White House? Is it considered his house or a public property?) js.el is a new major mode for JavaScript files. I think js2.el (Steve Yegge) was combined with javascript.el to make a new mode. Might be interesting... This guy is smart. Also worth viewing to see the VP getting demoralized. Do you happen to work for UN? No, serioulsy. It's bad enough if smoking increases your chances of having a lung cancer by 10% or something, but I can't believe 95% percent of the smokers will have a painful death. So, no need to makes bad things worse than they are. Go to bed now, Paul. No, you won't. Hacker dude. Give them flowers, folks. And tell her how much you love her. It's hard sometimes for us to express how we really feel... I love you too, ma. Useless for real work? I never saw negative comments from js2 users... I remember it was similar to nXML in having its own parser... do you think nXML is badly engineered or useless too ? I wrote a mode inspired by your Stylish for Lua one day. I wish there were more editors that would let you do that kind of thing... Not a good time to sell Lisp. Too many interesting languages succeeding out there.. (not the author) Inside C++, there is a much smaller and cleaner language struggling to get out. - Bjarne Stroustrup Clay is an attempt at creating that language. Link: http://tachyon.in/clay/ That's what I meant.. Please expand? It's always nice to put a face on a name... I suppose the same effect would happen in a organization, perhaps even more because the ones reviewing have power over you... I don't understand, why is this program valuable to be open-source? What does it do? I'd love to do rock climbing, but I'm overweight (100 kg) so it's not for me... I lolled. Sincerely I think the original cane was a more breakthrough idea. What if HFT systems exploit the fact that they have access to the information a few ms before the rest of the market? Which of those are we seeing on this live stream? http://code.google.com/intl/pt-BR/events/io/2010/session-sch... Also, what's the GMT of the schedule? And if you are here reading this after telling yourself you really would code your ass off today, you already lost. Err, my short stops are from BC2... That's great for node.js! My node is back, but linode.com still down for me. Also, http://twitter.com/linode . Is this official? The site is looking better than news.yc :) Aren't comments included in the maganize? One would think that comments would become something like "Readers opinion"... Make you own Kno. You will need: - 2 x Apple iPad - 1 x Hinge IMHO, there is good and bad advice there. I always liked how people seem to miss the "live slight below your means" insight. tl;dr