I've lost access to my account. Attempting to login to sillysaurus2 redirects me to https://news.ycombinator.com/null and doesn't actually process the login. I'm genuinely sorry, and I've sent an email to apologize. Moral of the story: Don't do what I just did. It earned me 10 upvotes followed by an instaban. the new Hacker News API allows easy programmatic access of story/comments and infinite chronological paging. You could download every Hacker News story in less than 2 hours without breaking the API request limit. Which API? https://www.google.com/search?q=hacker+news+api Using that API, you could download 48,000 hacker news stories in 2 days, so if there have been less than 48,000 submissions, then what minimaxir said is true. But first you'd need to generate a list of all 48,000 story ids, and there seems to be no way to actually do that. When trying to access page 2 via that endpoint: http://hn.algolia.com/api/v1/search_by_date?tags=story&hitsP... "you can only fetch the 1000 hits for this query, contact us to increase the limit" It was a nice try, but it did seem too good to be true. That's incredible. Will you upload the raw database somewhere, please? If you make a torrent, I'll help seed it. Would you email me at sillysaurus3@gmail.com whenever it's ready? This isn't a defense of Apple's choices, but: Using public implementations for crypto code has been difficult until pretty recently. There didn't exist many high-quality, trustworthy, public implementations of the types of crypto that real-world systems have wanted to do. Even now, the situation is pretty grim for anyone who wants to integrate crypto code into an existing large codebase. The canonical answer is "just use NaCl." However, I've had developers outright refuse to use NaCl because "it's so hard to compile." They were saying NaCl has some issues compiling on certain types of architectures, and issues compiling as a dynamic library. When libsodium was suggested in response, they retorted that libsodium was "NaCl but with modifications by people other than the ones you'd want making modifications to crypto code." In other words, libsodium purports to be "NaCl, but easy to integrate into your project," yet the reason it's easy to integrate is because someone other than recognized cryptography experts fiddled around with NaCl until it was easy to compile. So apparently it's an open question whether libsodium is as trustworthy as NaCl, and NaCl is a pain to integrate. All of this implies that the current situation is still not very good as of 2014 for people who want to just do crypto safely and in some standard way. And rather than writing that code in 2014, Apple had to write it years ago, when the situation was far more painful than the present day's shortcomings. To answer your question, yes, there are public implementations which could theoretically be used. But actually using them is... difficult. Not nearly as difficult or as error-prone as rolling your own, but perhaps difficult enough where someone who isn't an expert in cryptography might make the dire mistake of believing that rolling their own is less difficult. I wish Matasano would publish an open-source crypto library. An "NaCl that's easy to use and that people actually trust." They have the resources and the credit to pull it off. Alternatively, I wish we could gather funds to have them audit libsodium. Also, all of this is based on the assumption that NaCl or libsodium actually meet the needs of what Apple was trying to do with this crypto code. It probably doesn't, because NaCl / libsodium provides a complete replacement to the entire crypto stack of an application. To take a wild guess, I'm thinking that Apple needs to implement / interact with some other kinds of crypto than what NaCl/libsodium provide. For example, certificate validation. So then you'd suggest "use cryptlib!" but this is hampered by the fact that in addition to all the previous considerations, cryptlib also isn't free. What you say is true. But security through obscurity doesn't work, because people are very good at reverse engineering and decompiling. So your choices are either: open source your crypto code and suffer some embarrassments which people will forget and forgive, or have closed source crypto code that either doesn't work or can be exploited in subtle ways. Pick your poison. :) 1,000 rounds of PBKDF2 is less secure than just using scrypt, and probably less secure than just using bcrypt. But the code looks correct as written. It seems like a red flag that it took more than 50 lines of code to do this simple thing, though. EDIT: Specifically, should the PBKDF2 "key", not be used for something (like HMAC) rather than being used as the hash itself? Using the output of 1,000 rounds of PBKDF2 as an input to HMAC wouldn't get you any extra security. Is this true? Hmm... It seems I was wrong. Well, damn. Oh well. Wow. Check out the people who lost serious money on MtGox: http://www.reddit.com/r/Bitcoin/comments/1yv26o/gox_horror_s... One person lost 1998 btc. That was anywhere from $500,000 to a million bucks. I thought it was interesting that a programmer with foresight could make ~$235k in a matter of a few days due to the mtgox problems. Their total volume was 29385 BTC of which they earned 2%, which is 587 BTC. >Out of curiosity, what's your opinion on crypto-currencies that aren't deflationary? Now, that sounds like a good idea. But at that point, we're talking about a cryptocurrency equivalent of real grown-up money I'm extremely amused, because Dogecoin is inflationary. So Dogecoin is "real grown-up money" by your definition. It's not even as simple as a failure to communicate. It's hard not to conclude that they outright lied. First it was malleability, then it was "we're waiting on bitcoin developers," then it was "we've moved due to protesters and security problems," and now it's "we've closed our site due to recent news reports." I wonder when precisely they realized that >700,000btc were missing. $400,000 is a life-changing amount of money for the vast majority of people on the planet, let alone Americans. I believed in Mark (the owner of MtGox) and his team, defending them vigorously, and got screwed as a consequence. The support staff was on IRC every day saying "Yes, we have customers' funds. No, we aren't insolvent. Everything is fine, everything will be fine." They answered every question in a level-headed fashion. They were either being paid to lie, or being fed lies, or somehow MtGox didn't become aware of the fact that they were missing >700,000btc until a day or two before they shut off their website. So I was pretty gullible. And I just want to thank Patrick (patio11) for being a constant throughout this whole ordeal: constantly skeptical, and with good reason. Other users will see it. If the computer remembered every modification of every document, then users would be protected from incidents like this. Could you give a source on that MK statement? It's the first I've heard of it. This document seems like fairly conclusive evidence that they've lost access to >700,000 bitcoins, because there's no reason for them to spend time putting together the document otherwise. Quick question: What's preventing Coinbase from shutting down operations tomorrow and walking away with everyone's money, as MtGox walked away with mine? Or, what if the founders orchestrated some sort of disaster wherein all of the coins are claimed to be lost, but in reality they're simply transferred to the founders? I know they wouldn't actually do that. My question is, what's stopping them? Why wouldn't someone try to do that, other than their morals? The promise of future profits amounting to more than what they would walk away with today That's exactly the same argument I used to justify why MtGox wouldn't shut down, almost word for word. It's the same argument I used to convince myself why they wouldn't shut down. They still shut down. They're not anonymous, and they would run a real risk of bodily harm by such a public crime. So we're relying on mob justice? Also, Mr. Karpeles hasn't been harmed and probably won't be. The article links this wallet: https://blockchain.info/charts/received-per-day?address=1Drt... But that was a Bitstamp wallet, not an MtGox wallet. To bypass the paywall: TOKYO—A lawyer for Mt. Gox announced at a news conference at the Tokyo District Court that the embattled bitcoin exchange was filing for bankruptcy protection and that Mt. Gox had outstanding debt of about ¥6.5 billion ($63.6 million). The exchange has been under fire from investors since it stopped bitcoin withdrawals in early February, citing a technical issue that potentially made fraudulent withdrawals possible. On Tuesday, Mt. Gox, which at one point handled more than 80% of trades in the virtual currency, stopped all transactions, dealing the severest blow to the bitcoin industry yet and raised concerns about a lack of protection for users. Several Mt. Gox investors say they have little hope of recovering their funds, with some individual investors saying they had bitcoins valued at hundreds of thousands of dollars in Mt. Gox. Should Mark Karpeles go to jail? It's a question I've asked myself many times over the past couple days. On one hand, there may be a chilling effect if Karpeles is sent to jail, because fewer companies may be willing to participate in an area where the penalty for failure is time behind bars. On the other hand, it feels very inequitable and unjust that Karpeles made millions off of MtGox, lost our money and then is free to enjoy life. But this is a vengeful mindset, and it seems counterproductive. Is it really just a bad situation with no recourse? Karpeles walks, MtGox shuts down, and everyone's money is gone. Poof. The most persuasive argument for jailtime seems to be that if he's not penalized, then others may attempt to orchestrate similar disasters. Bitcoin has a very, very small chance at becoming the next gold standard, but it's a chance nonetheless. Therefore whoever is willing to flaunt the law and steal >5% of all bitcoins that will ever be created has a very, very small chance at becoming extremely powerful in the future, and wealthy in the short term. I don't know. There's probably nothing to be done, and taking away years of a person's life out of a sense of retribution probably isn't the best answer. Should the owner Mark Karpeles go to jail? On one hand, there may be a chilling effect if Karpeles is sent to jail, because fewer companies may be willing to participate in an area where the penalty for failure is time behind bars. On the other hand, it feels very inequitable and unjust that Karpeles made millions off of MtGox, lost our money and then is free to enjoy life. But that's a vengeful mindset, and it seems counterproductive. Is it really just a bad situation with no recourse? Karpeles walks, MtGox shuts down, and everyone's money is gone. Poof. The most persuasive argument for jailtime seems to be that if he's not penalized, then others may attempt to orchestrate similar disasters. Bitcoin has a very, very small chance at becoming the next gold standard, but it's a chance nonetheless. Therefore whoever is willing to flaunt the law and steal >5% of all bitcoins that will ever be created has a very, very small chance at becoming extremely powerful in the future, and wealthy in the short term. I don't know. There's probably nothing to be done, and taking away years of a person's life out of a sense of retribution probably isn't the best answer. What does everyone think? My observation is simply that the future is unknown, and therefore a greedy actor would benefit greatly from stealing >5% of a currency. The most straightforward way to do this is to set up a popular exchange and orchestrate a disaster which is secretly a theft. Since there's no way to prove it, and since bitcoin wallets can lay dormant for decades, there's at least some incentive to do this. Should jailtime be on the table for gross negligence? I'm just interested in everyone's thoughts on the matter. Some info here: http://www.reddit.com/r/Bitcoin/comments/1z37zw/mt_gox_has_a... "MtGox still has at least 200k BTC" Here are the possibilities, as far as I can tell: 1) That information is inaccurate. 2) MtGox lost their private keys. 3) The private keys were kept in a bank vault, which was seized by a foreign entity like the US government at some earlier time. 4) MtGox stole the coins. The management of MtGox knows which of these is correct, but they probably aren't going to say. For convenience, here's the full text of the update: March 2, 2014 To anyone concerned Mark Karpeles MtGox Co., Ltd. Shibuya-ku, Tokyo ANNOUNCEMENT REGARDING AN APPLICATION FOR COMMENCEMENT OF A PROCEDURE OF CIVIL REHABILITATION An overview of the situation should be published here shortly (probably on March 3, 2014 (Japan time)). Contact information A call center has been established to respond to all inquiries. The call center is planned to start on March 3, 2014. All inquiries to MtGox Co., Ltd. should be made to the following telephone number: Telephone number +81 3-4588-3921 Working hours Monday to Friday 10am to 5pm (Japan time) Please refrain from contacting the office of the supervisor/investigator. Is the only solution really to give up on your own desires? (Or to force yourself to desire the things you list?) Actually, there seems to be no correlation between working hard and becoming the next Airbnb. Working hard is necessary the same way intelligence is necessary: past a certain threshold, other things matter more. And if a metric has no correlation with mega-success, then investing based on that metric is a mistake. (If working harder was correlated with mega success, then the winners would be easy to pick out: invest in anyone whose team spends all their time on the startup. But many startups do that yet still fail, so it must be true that those extra 20 hours per week shouldn't factor into any any investor's decision making process, counterintuitively.) Let's not make up charges without evidence. Isn't it a bit hypocritical that the US should tell Russia not to get involved? We had no right to go into Iraq, for example. If an entity is able to exercise political power, and there's an advantage to do so, then it seems inevitable that the entity will always do so. At the very least, I wish people would stop comparing downloading movies and music from the internet as stealing. Games released via Steam have shown evidence that when a singleplayer game is unavailable as a torrent for free, then people will pay for it. The counterargument to this is that most people who torrent wouldn't pay for it anyway. But I assert that there is a third class of people: those who first check to see if it's available for free, and if not, pay for it. Whether these people constitute a significant portion of revenue is an open question, but it's hard to classify their actions from a moral standpoint as something other than stealing. The closest classification other than "stealing" would probably be "sampling." I've often been frustrated at an inability to try out a certain kind of dev tool before buying it outright, and their free version is usually missing features which I really need to test. But there needs to be a large-scale study as to whether people really behave this way normally, or if they just take what they can get for free. Unfortunately it's difficult to find an unbiased source of funding for such a study, so the resulting research paper would probably be slanted in one moral direction or the other instead of presenting the raw data. It's not an easy question to answer. I think technological capabilities will decide how companies will behave, because those who don't accept reality will go out of business. Could it be a confusion of definition? Some would define stealing as, "You have no right to be enjoying my work unless you have paid me what I ask. It's your right to choose not to pay me and look for a different product." Please consider typing out a full English translation. If you post your bitcoin address here, then I'm sure plenty of people here will pay you some coin for your effort. Testing does not improve systems security, as evidenced by Ruby on Rails: Rails uses testing and it's insecure. This is an important and valuable point. He wasn't discouraging new ideas, but rather pointing out how hard it is to make new ideas practical in the security arena. What's necessary is to get at least two experienced cryptographers thinking about every piece of security-critical code, because that's what will prevent bugs. It's also why security audits are so expensive: they work. The code absolutely should have had clearer comments, since if every step were commented then some of the return value confusion may have been avoided. The style of the code itself probably isn't as terrible as it seems at first glance, though. It's also not easy to write useful unit tests for a security stack. Thinking correct things is more valuable than thinking popular things. They'll come around to your point of view in time. If not expert cryptographers, than at least expert C programmers. I was trying to be diplomatic, but blunt is perhaps better for clarity: no expert C programmer should have any trouble reading and comprehending the syntax of the code in question, which is mainly what the parent poster was calling out. https://www.gitorious.org/gnutls/gnutls/commit/0fba2d908da6d... It's probably tempting to think that unit testing might save us from security failures. People have written many words on both sides. But how many of us have actually tried it? No one who hasn't tried (and tried hard ) to see whether unit testing works has any business arguing for (or against) unit testing. We simply don't have enough data to know whether it's valuable. And the fact that unit testing works in domains other than security isn't evidence that unit testing would produce any kind of benefit in computer security. What's getting lost in the noise here, I think, is that it's important to zoom out and think about a broad overview of how difficult compsec is. Think about all the different situations that require security. Even something as seemingly simple and straightforward as an OS-level copy-paste mechanism requires thinking about security. Could you write unit tests to cover all security situations? How about all possible situations? If not all possible situations, then why? What's the difference between a situation that you can unit test and one that you can't? Is it possible to write a unit test that checks whether there's a sequence of steps a user could take to exploit an OS-level copy-paste mechanism? Can you unit test the efficacy of a TCP/IP stack? Is it possible to unit test whether the Debian OpenSSL PRNG is being fed with sufficient bits of entropy? Can you unit test whether the colors of your website are pleasing? The most interesting answer to those questions isn't "yes" or "no." The most interesting answer is "maybe." Because "maybe" means nobody knows, and that's fundamentally interesting. It's possible that it's possible to write unit tests for domains that nobody has thought of yet. (Yes, even tests that automatically infer whether your website's colors are pleasing to humans.) Could unit testing have saved us from this one particular case? Maybe. But is it possible to write unit tests in the general case? Maybe not. But you, I, and everyone else doesn't know until we actually try. It could be impossible, or if not impossible then infeasible, or if not infeasible in a dynamic language then infeasible in C libraries. On the flipside, if you investigate, and you come up with a way of writing unit tests in the general case for security libraries, then you may have just discovered a breakthrough in how cryptographers can write security libraries. Because if it's possible to write useful unit tests in the general case for security libraries, then you will have demonstrated something that most cryptographers generally disbelieve, the same way that people disbelieve that it's possible to unit test whether colors are pleasing. So get to work! There's nobody stopping anyone from right now going and trying to write those unit tests. Try it, write a blog post about your experience and the hardships, write about what you've learned. I guarantee it will be interesting. All I'm saying is that we should be experienced before we advocate or dismiss an idea, and the only way to get experience is to try it out. I'd love to eventually work on that kind of stuff full time- how would one go about making the transition? Do you basically have to learn/work on projects like this during your free time, and hope your "portfolio" gets you a job? It's really that easy, as strange as it sounds. Just find some graphics stuff you like doing, and do it a lot. I submitted this because I just realized it's been half a decade since this was written, so if it's true then we should be able to see some evidence of whether or not Apple actually made a mistake. Has the essay turned out to be true? Mistaken? Or possibly true in the future? And if Apple made no mistake, then what does that bode for the future of programming? I just can't bring myself to mundane, boring work. Most work is. Be careful not to squander your opportunities, though. Once you leave grad school, you don't really get to be around that type of environment anymore, for better or worse. (I mean opportunities like being among people who share your personal interests, not financial or business opportunities. Though those are there too, if that's what you want.) if they offer him 100 days in jail if he pleads guilty, or 100 years in jail if he's convicted, it would make sense to plead guilty from a pure risk management perspective, even if he has an enormously strong case. I'm not so sure about that. Imagine the terrible precedent you'd set. EDIT: Risk aversion is sometimes toxic to society. What if it's a charge you know to be bogus, or that you really didn't do anything wrong? Would people willingly go to jail for a crime they know they didn't commit? If it's hazy about whether what they did was a crime, that's a different matter though. And it's a little frustrating to see prosecutors trump up charges to get an easy plea bargain. Maybe there should be some limit between the max sentence and the min plea sentence, so that they can't throw 50-year threats around without at least a 5-year plea bargain. I wonder, as the world moves to cloud computing, will there be much difference between "hosting" and "linking"? Documents are digital, but "digital" used to mean that the bits were on a device that you own, which is becoming less true with time. Does the location of bits on a harddrive determine guilt, or does the intent to distribute the protected information? If intent, then is linking intent? Why did it become socially acceptable for prosecutors to throw around 100-year threats, though? It seems like the only reason that's not a crime is because they're the legal system. Maybe there should be a limit on the span between maximum threat and minimum sentence, so that 100-year threats can't be thrown around unless the minimum plea is at least 5-10 years. That would make a prosecutor hesitate to employ such a powerful weapon, because the defendant would be more willing go to trial in that scenario, which reduces their chances of landing that conviction. Ah, thank you. So does anyone know what maximum threat he's actually facing? Is it true to say "no one really knows precisely how much of a threat he's facing"? The justice system is usually precise, so it seems odd that a precise maximum can't readily be found in this case. Do you think the maximum is probably more than 10 years? EDIT: I see you've run the numbers in your other comment, sorry: 1028 imposes a maximum sentence of 15 years for the gravest crime listed in the statute. Assuming he is found (or pleads guilty) this yields a likely maximum sentence of 17 years, or a potential maximum sentence of no more than 33 years. Does this seem excessive? Late in life and after his death Hoover became a controversial figure, as evidence of his secretive actions became known. His critics have accused him of exceeding the jurisdiction of the FBI.[1] He used the FBI to harass political dissenters and activists, to amass secret files on political leaders,[2] and to collect evidence using illegal methods.[3] Hoover consequently amassed a great deal of power and was in a position to intimidate and threaten sitting Presidents.[4] However, according to biographer Kenneth Ackerman, the notion that Hoover’s secret files kept presidents from firing him is a myth.[5] Seems some on Wikipedia disagree... Sad to say, but this is probably correct. Bitcoin's anonymity for private keys is also its greatest weakness right now. In the case of disaster, there's no way to prove whether a private key was lost, stolen by an external party, or stolen by the founders. Bank accounts are much easier to audit. Perhaps engineers' actual value is far in excess of their salaries? It seems like if it wasn't, there'd be no reason to collude. Does anyone collude to prevent bakers from switching bakeries? Really? That's very interesting. Do you have a link or further info about that? It's their right to stay private if they want to. What seems odd is that so many people are trying to unmask them. Also, if Nakamoto wishes to remain private, then it's their right to remain private. Regarding your point about paranoia: Here's an example of people in Ecuador executing a father and son for a mere $20,000: http://www.reddit.com/r/MorbidReality/comments/1zktth/quito_... This is what the Nakamoto family now has to worry about. It wasn't a random killing. There were at least 6 people arrested in connection with the murders. Apparently the robbers had people inside the bank who they were paying to alert them whenever someone withdrew large amounts of cash. People get killed over money a lot. It's probably not paranoia. I would recommend you watch the video to understand the gruesome nature of what Nakamoto now has to live with. I was speaking of moral rights rather than legal rights, and of being a good person. Though I realize many feel these traits don't exist at all. This wasn't a random robbery though. This was a systematic killing involving dirty banking employees who sent people to hunt them down. The connection is that $20,000 is a ton of money in Ecuador, and Nakamoto has a ton of money, so Nakamoto now has to worry about being hunted. Isn't Nakamoto the only person who lives in LA who also controls >10% of a currency? I submitted this mainly to find out whether it's real. It's quite interesting if true, but the whole "preempatively ship packages to customers' addresses" reminds me of http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=HA_gwzx39LQ Well, I lost all of my Mt. Gox bitcoins, and it seems to me there were no repercussions for the founders. They could have stolen the coins and nobody would be the wiser. It's already become clear that there was much more to the story than Gox has revealed, e.g. that they knew about malleability since 2011 and then were reminded again in November. Heh. Because I no longer have the money to. Does Apple sell user data? now it seems far more likely that Satoshi is Satoshi. Actually, Satoshi Nakamoto denied being Dorian Nakamoto. https://news.ycombinator.com/item?id=7358150 I also really like the attitude that if you're not touching code, you're not doing real work. Sure, project managers etc. will say that your job is not solely to write code, and that responding to emails, participating in meetings with your teammates, etc. are as much part of your job. But I like the simplicity of "if you're not writing code, you're fucking off" and how easy it makes it to answer the question "Did I work today?". On the other hand, programming all day is sometimes a recipe for not learning. It might be better to spend 20 minutes learning an elegant solution rather than 5 minutes implementing a hack. But those 20 minutes are mostly spent reading rather than writing. Hm... Python only supports 1000 recursions? That seems unsafe. It seems like anyone who writes functional-style code will run the risk of a stack overflow. The problem is that humans are incredibly selfish. Given the choice between spending time or spending money, people usually spend money. It's one reason Steam is so profitable. So it can't be true that most people inherently want to steal. It seems like people want convenience. When faced with a choice, people usually choose whichever option is least bothersome. That implies a goal for content creators: be the least bothersome option, and users will pay you. Unfortunately for the movie industry, Popcorn Time is currently the least bothersome service. It's free, decentralized, and tastefully designed. The industry should clone Popcorn Time, because that would put them in a better position than they're currently in. This is the best population visualization I've ever seen. It's striking that spikes turned out to be so superior to heatmaps. It's possible to intuit the whole dataset at a glance, whereas heatmaps force you to constantly worry about the meaning of every color in relation to every other color. It's obvious in retrospect why spikes are superior: precision. Spikes represent the underlying data much more accurately than colors, especially between datapoints. This has been sort of an obsession of mine lately using the game of hangman and decision theory to "prove" why this works and how it applies to software development. Oh come on, you can't tease us like that! You have a duty to satisfy our curiosity now. :) How can hangman with decision theory apply to software development? Offtopic, but: what's an example of a situation where using rm -f is bad compared to rm in practice? That is, an example where rm would save you but rm -f would make your life upsetting? On topic: idempotency may be a red herring in this context. Unfortunately filesystems are designed with the assumption that every modification is inherently stateful. (It may be possible to design a different type of filesystem without this assumption, but every filesystem currently operates as a sequence of commits that alter state.) So installing a library or a program is necessarily stateful. What do you do if the program fails to install? Trying again probably won't help: the failure is probably due to some other missing or corrupted state. So indempotency won't help you because there's no situation in which a retry loop would be helpful. That is, if something fails, then whatever operation you were trying to accomplish is probably doomed anyway (if it's automated). I think docker is the right answer. It sidesteps the problem by letting you create containers with guaranteed state. If you perform a sequence of steps, and those steps succeeded once, then they'll always succeed (as long as errors like network connectivity issues are taken into account, but you'd have to do that anyway). EDIT: I disagree with myself. Let's say you write a program to set up a docker container and install a web service. If at some future time some component that the web service relies upon releases an update that changes its API in a way that breaks the web service, then your supercool docker autosetup script will no longer function. The only way around this is to install known versions of everything , but that's a horrible idea because it makes security updates impossible to install. It's a tough problem in general. Everyone agrees that hiring people to set up and manually configure servers isn't a tenable solution. But we haven't really agreed what should replace an intelligent human when configuring a server. Has there ever been a time when seeking news was the most important priority? A friend has a question for you: "How many moves does it think ahead? Or does it just think in the 'here-and-now' (only 1 move ahead)?" The second half is quite true though: or some other people that is having a few bad weeks, is finding an escape playing at it. Luckily, our founding fathers built in a way to achieve the same effects as a revolution without any violence. If you were to start an armed insurrection, the government would be totally justified in ending you. Not a smart decision given today's level of technology. It was through sheer luck that the American revolution worked at all: the British commanders were so incredibly incompetent that they checkmated themselves. It's kind of interesting to think about. Remember the hullabaloo just after the Boston bomber lit off the bomb but wasn't caught yet? Imagine all of that societal rage focused on a small group of people who have started an armed conflict and killed a few policemen, and you can imagine how quickly that group will be annihilated. And we all know how effective that technology is at ending all those pesky terrorists with their zip guns and IEDs... Those people have been indoctrinated since birth to see us as evil invaders. Some of their religions have baked in the idea that it's good to die in order to kill invaders. And we've sometimes acted like an evil invader. (See Blackwater atrocities, etc.) It's an invalid comparison because our population isn't motivated in the same way. It's easy to become disheartened with the current state of affairs, but history has shown that ignoring reality doesn't work. Setting aside the question of ethics, the reality is that an armed revolution in America probably can't happen. And besides, there are plenty of other options to explore. Drones are getting pretty incredible. This one is almost indestructible: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=pl2Z9N4Q82g Just curious, which music would you use? This happens to be important to me, so some analysis would be appreciated. EDIT: Assume only a visual feed was available, no audio. Not sure if you're looking for critique, and giving critique has sometimes been discouraged on HN, but: It's pretty good for a week of work. Though there's a difference between being challenging and being annoying. Many of the level design elements could be classified as a "dick move." An example would be not making it clear the goal is to collect all the coins until after the player has bypassed some of them and reached the end. In general the controls are too sluggish. It's as if triple buffering is enabled, or maybe quad buffering. If you're at a university, you should try to borrow a high speed camera and measure the time difference between when someone presses the spacebar vs when the character starts to jump. I don't know if it's a Chrome thing or what, but I fell off cliffs several times due to the input delay. The gravity could be better. I'd recommend spending some time with Cave Story to get a feel for how to make gravity really work in the player's favor, rather than against them. In general it's a bad idea to make velocity strictly linear. Some acceleration adds to the experience and precision. A checkpointing system would be good. I can see how most players will give up after getting mostly to the end and then dying. I think you should just restart players from the last point that they were on the ground without dying, that is, the most recent ledge that they were standing on. It shows promise. If you're looking for feedback about how to advance as a game developer, one step would be to make sure you're not rewriting your entire game engine from scratch for each game. It's excellent that you're writing your own engines rather than trying to use other people's, so be sure to keep doing that. It's important for gamedevs to have an idea of the underlying principles and limitations, and the best way to do that is to write your own engines. I got the feeling that most of the week was spent on the engine rather than iterating on the gameplay or level design though. Teaming up with an artist or a level designer might be a good match. Actually, input is fundamental to a game, because there's no way to make a game without input. It's one of the most important aspects of any game. Making HTML 5 a serious gamedev competitor is one of the most important tasks facing the future gamedev industry, which means lessmilk is doing important work. It's important to call out the roadblocks so that the roadblocks get solved. It would be extremely valuable if someone were to do an analysis as to why the input is laggy so that future gamedevs can avoid that pitfall or that Mozilla/Chrome can fix their issue. In case anyone else is wondering what a source map is, it's apparently Javascript's version of C's debug symbols. That is, given a chunk of optimized runtime code, it will show you which part of your original source code generated it. Is it supposed to look like this? http://i.imgur.com/mmTX2EW.png Nah, just kidding. It looks fine for me. Unfortunately, either it's broken or everyone stopped playing it. It hasn't found any competitor after about 5 minutes of searching. Bizarre. It worked fine for me. I wonder how these paywall algorithms decide who to demand money from? Are you on mobile? Actually, it's sort of a myth that hardware is fundamentally harder than software. The toolsets simply haven't been as powerful until recently. Hardware can be thought of as hardcoded software. But it's no longer the case that hardware is hardcoded. Hardware is becoming increasingly sophisticated, especially in their ability to be reprogrammed on the fly. I think you'd have to analyze all of the hardware you use, which seems impossible given the sheer quantity of hardware in use. Trying to notify intelligent life that we exist has a high probability of being the worst idea in all of human history, because there's a high probability that there will be no more human history after we meet them. But radio emissions swiftly degrade after not too long of a distance, so unless we build some kind of extremely high-powered transmitter then any scheme like this is doomed to failure. Luckily. A modem can't MITM https without the key. And all http traffic can be MITM'd anyway. So having control of the modem doesn't get you anything that you wouldn't otherwise be able to get by vacuuming up the traffic further upstream. What's an example of exploiting system services? I didn't know they had DMA. Hmm... you make some good points. It seems like the purpose of sending a signal is ultimately to get aliens to visit us. But the diseases they bring with them do have a high probability of wiping us out (or us wiping them out). I suppose if both sides are very careful, or if we restrict ourselves to communication only, then it could be all right. But why go looking for more problems when we haven't even solved our own? And we probably never will. One reason to be searching for a new civilization is to steal their technology. The first nation that's willing to do this stands to dominate every other nation, so there's a big incentive for us to steal their tech as long as the concept of nations still exist. And of course, if the aliens somehow didn't already have nuclear technology, then transmitting our Wikipedia to them might prove disastrous for them. I think it became a hit as a natural consequence of being so good. He had to do almost no work on promotion, iirc. But I think he was a fairly popular gamedev (or at least not-unknown) before he made Papers, Please. One thing to realize is that game reviewers like Yahtzee and especially TotalBiscuit always have their eyes open for new games that have new gameplay. That is, games with game mechanics that have never been thought of before. So if anyone here happens to make one, and it's fun, then you'll probably be able to get picked up by TB. And since he has >1M YouTube subscribers, that's quite a lot of publicity. (Papers, Please was picked up by TB. It's how I heard of it.) One theory is that Mt. Gox became fractional reserve some time in the past, either by losing bitcoins or by spending them. Then they were unable to replenish their supply, so it was a matter of time before a bank run. The reason I tend to believe this scenario is because it's completely consistent with their behavior. I watched them very closely, and there seemed to be no rhyme or reason for their behavior. That is, unless they were missing everyone's bitcoin for some reason. Then their behavior made perfect sense. In that scenario, Mt. Gox would have knowingly traded non-existent Bitcoins for far, far longer than two weeks. EDIT: I should mention that there's still no evidence whatsoever that malleability somehow led to the loss of >500,000 BTC. It seems unlikely. This was the logic of many on Reddit. I was pretty shocked. "Yeah, I just wanted to see what it did." Luckily, some were sensible enough to run it in a virtual machine. I just looked at the burger in question. Wow! I'd totally eat 1,000 of those. But I guess I should start caring about things like not having heart attacks, so I don't know. My heart says "yes" though. A question for the physicists on HN: I've heard that black holes emit radiation. But if nothing can go faster than the speed of light, and a black hole's gravity is so strong that not even light can escape, then how can a black hole emit anything? Is there a kind of black hole which is so massive that not even that radiation can escape, or do all black holes emit some kind of radiation? (In fact, do they emit radiation proportional to their size?) I invested a lot of money into bitcoin. Then I lost it. Just one datapoint. But there's no question that bitcoin is extremely dangerous to anyone who buys it. You can lose your private keys. You can have your coins stolen. You can put your trust into the wrong web service. One thing I've realized is that bitcoin is mostly about greed right now. There's no reason to buy it unless you want something that can only be procured via bitcoin, or unless you want to make a lot of money. But unless you're very lucky, you won't make a lot of money. You'll probably lose money. I would agree with Buffet. Unless someone comes up with a compelling reason to buy bitcoin, then don't. Just in case this was a reply to my now-deleted comment: Sorry about that. I deleted it because I replied to the wrong comment. I reposted it elsewhere: https://news.ycombinator.com/item?id=7405339 If the money supply is fixed, then people will have a harder time acquiring namecoin after all the namecoin is generated. People will have to buy it, and since it's a scarce resource, it may become extremely expensive. Especially if namecoin exploded in popularity. I suppose if it becomes expensive then the namecoin admins could lower the cost of database inserts/updates. But it seems like that would prompt the price per namecoin to rise accordingly, because the value of namecoin is a single database insert or update. The manager was allowed to stay?