I can make a fairly accurate guess of what type of scan an MRI scanner is running by the noise it makes. T2, PDFS, T1, types of gradient echoes etc. I'm not alone in this and know a fair few people who can. I have managed to tell when a scan is badly set up with this technique too, really surprises people! It still used a lot. And they still leak. Or ingestion - I imagine fluid exchanges become a bit worse... Houses were cheap in your Dads day/country! Here in New Zealand average house costs are about 9.5x average wage. I think the average New Zealanders wage would make a US woman feel good. Sources: http://stats.govt.nz/browse_for_stats/income-and-work/Income... http://www.qv.co.nz/onlinereports/propertyvaluemap.htm America certainly isn't the good guy in the middle east. If there is a measure that puts America ahead I'd like to hear it. This is not, however, a defense of Iran. Can everyone involved be the bad guy? Given that the NYT is reporting that top secret documents were just left in a trailor in Iraq by the ton, I suspect that it's more likely the drone was landed in Iran by accident. I believe it's related to this. Try leaning into the bore fast then pulling your head out, fast. Many people lose their balance temporarily. Something to do with inducing currents in the fluid in the inner ear I believe. A smaller version of the effect causes the sensation that you are moving when you lie still in the bore. Edit: can't get the link easily as am on iPad, but google "MRI eddy currents" and watch a slab of aluminium fall Projectile injuries are one issue. Heating, induced current, hearing loss are others. FDA is investigating setting up a registry for safety problems to help reduce the frequency of accidents. http://www.auntminnie.com/index.aspx?sec=sup_n&sub=bai&#... . There are some shockers out there. Metal detectors on doors etc. Stopping the guy with a pacemaker is important too. If 'democratically elected' is a description that can be applied to the method via which Bush Junior made it to office then your question becomes even more ludicrous. I could be wrong here, but those rates appear to be just for the US. I think I read somewhere that only about half of what Apple has is sitting in the US ($66 billion comes to mind). It's worse than that. Add in that the FBI accompanied New Zealand police (or, according to our quasi national paper "led the raid") and it feels a whole lot worse. http://publicaddress.net/hardnews/the-mega-conspiracy/ That's a point of view that law enforcement seem to hold. Illogical and yet never questioned in print media, except by the likes of Robert Fisk. I thought photostream was something that happened when on wifi only. Presumably numerous cities around half the world had warm winters. We had a wet, cold summer down here. Damn, I nearly bought one but didn't get round to it and now I probably never can. Would pay a premium for one now. Good spotting, I assumed a typo and skimmed on. I was imagining some kind of unknown-to-me efficiency in super light space ships.. Decommission is brutally expensive too. When it by earthquake/tsunami I know which plant I'd prefer to be near. The pacific rim would not seem ideal for nuclear power. Robert Fisk sprung to mind immediately when you said that. What ever anyone thinks of his politics, he does manage to convey things from a viewpoint at the scene of the event. That's a great comment. I have a thought that a few American civilians were killed (Pearl Harbour and some kind of hot air balloon bombs from Japan I seem to recall), but having the majority of the population have no idea what you experienced has got to make it harder. Paul Ham, Kokoda. It made me feel sick reading it. And I had never heard of it until someone gave me the book. Closest thing to hell I can imagine. Are you joking? The area is unsafe, and it seems it will be for a fair while. Guess you don't know anyone who has been evacuated. Fuel was a big (bigger?) problem. Albert Speer was an organizational genius and plane production (unsure about tanks etc) was actually increasing despite the bombardment. Lack of fuel and pilots scuppered the air force. I'd love to post the graph I can't find, but this Wikipedia article gives GDP versus year. Until 1945 German output was increasing. http://en.m.wikipedia.org/wiki/Military_production_during_Wo... A gay friend had a house warming party years ago and my wife and I turned up. We were the only straight people there out of probably 50 guests and I heard someone say "breeders" as we arrived. It took a second to get it and It didn't feel good. I felt more alien than the numerous times we have been overseas and not been able to speak the local language. And when I consider that the people there would all have had comments made against them at some point I had a slight inkling what life could have been like. Cost, complexity, difficulty, perceives trouble bonding, how?, risks, issues with the child's family. There are some. It's weird and may relate to different Things being measured, but UK decommissioning seems to be vastly more expensive than US decommissioning. Judging by news coverage anyway. Edited for spelling. If you have heart issues and you have a period with no heart beat, even just seconds, the feeling of sudden silence is striking. I think it's likely that people just aren't aware that they can hear their heart beat all the time. It might just be me though, but I suspect not as I mentioned how quiet everything went to a cardiologist who didn't seem surprised. RCDs are required throughout the house in New Zealand now (used to be bathroom only). They work. I tried angle grinding a metal bar, and it's link to the extension cord fell in a puddle I was standing in. Power clicked off thank god, and I became ok with the re-wiring cost. RCDs are the best. It doesn't do anything on (ironically) my iPhone. And if your area supports evergreen trees, leaves aren't an issue. It does usually take a little money upfront, but otherwise, yes, it's free. Yes. I think owning versus renting/tenanting/being housed may have a lot to do with this. Why go the the effort of planting trees and spending your time on your landlords garden. So given that he didn't release Instapaper early on Android, what should he have done? Stayed away? Given he wasnt on the platform, is not going to it all a better move or not? That source says that that money is over the apps lifetime. So divide that by 4 (?) and its starting to become more limited. EDIT to include the quote (the low end of the scale starts to make things quite tight by my guestimating): >>> TL;DR: Final estimate is somewhere between 0.15% to 0.60% of the iOS market, netting it somewhere between $875k to $2.3m for the duration of its existence (not yearly) http://abcnews.go.com/blogs/politics/2010/11/does-palin-want... And another reason to be cynical, check out the labour cost on this consumer device made in China - iPhone. The savings made via further automation would be basically meaningless. I'm willing to bet that label brand clothes have far higher profit margins than i-devices too. www.asymco.com/2012/02/26/iphone-sine-qua-non/ Here in New Zealand we have The Consumer Guarantees Act. The beauty of it is that the item is covered for as long as a reasonable person would expect (or something like that), and is suitably vague about how long this. Here is a case where a 4 year old computer was repaired at the manufacturers expense. buying extended warranties is kind of a waste here, as complaing to a government agency may well get you the same result, for free (it has worked for me). http://www.consumerblogs.org.nz/tech/2009/04/squaring-up-to-... Having the US sign up to the international criminal court would remove a fair few skeptics, and would keep the wooly left at bay. My reset attempt went unanswered too, and this occurred when setting up an account on an iPad after having login automatic for months (?years). In the end, after several reset attempts I made a new account. > A red hot, pea-sized piece of rock then hit his hand before bouncing off and causing a foot wide crater in the ground. From this, the audio is worth listening to. http://www.nzhistory.net.nz/media/sound/oxford-union-debate I took it to mean that by and large there is no support for nuclear weapons by New Zealanders. Can the down voters elaborate? Gawd, you were thinking a a higher level than me. I was remembering gluing a CPU fan to a 2 stroke scooter and being impressed how much better it made it (it went from extremely underpowered to very underpowered). I probably ruined the motor, but it sure was fun. What percentage of android devices will that decision affect though? Not a lot for quite a long time I suspect. Do in terms of the affect on the user, it seems a relevant problem >>I have been accused of a habit of changing my opinions. I am not myself in any degree ashamed of having changed my opinions. What physicist who was already active in 1900 would dream of boasting that his opinions had not changed during the last half century? In science men change their opinions when new knowledge becomes available. http://m.nbr.co.nz/opinion/we-have-meet-enemy-and-he-us-judg... http://tvnz.co.nz/national-news/dotcom-judge-calls-us-enemy-... After more reading, I'm struggling to find fault in the reporting. The judge is part of a pressure group who are anti the Trans Pacific Partnership, a deal which seem bent on forcing US interlectual property law on NZ. From the NBR report I linked >>District Court Judge David Harvey said New Zealanders had to realise the TPP would affect their everyday lives, too. He gave the example of how, today, many DVD players let you play discs designating for other regions – a practice that is legal under the Copyright (New Technologies) Amendment Act 2008 but which would be criminalised under the TPP. (Some may find Judge Harvey's sustained attack on the US negotiating position intriguing in the light of the fact he is also a pivotal player in the Kim Dotcom extradition saga). An Australian government representative gave another potential everyday example from the floor: low-cost, third-party inkjet printer refill cartridgess becoming illegal. All af the above examples could occur if the US gets its desired section (or "chapter") on IP (intellectual property) included in the final version of the TPP. Judge Harvey summed up, "We have met the enemy, and he is the US" http://publicaddress.net/hardnews/judge-harvey-my-part-in-hi... Russell Brown's take. I think youre right, but Im not sure... Could it be that he meant what was quoted, but was misquoted? He was being tongue in cheek? http://www.washingtonmonthly.com/features/2010/1007.blake.ht... Interesting read about a great invention wasted. I was a student representative on a disciplinary committee at tertiary level, and was left a bit disbelieving at how bad plagiarism was, and how weak the penalties were. I pushed hard for a system whereby the first offense required the work to be resubmitted, and the second offense would require resisting the whole paper (the next year). I was the only voice calling for harsher penalties though, and nothing changed. A country to country comparison would be nice. Is there any reason why the US would suffer less from plagiarism? It rains? Edit: am I misunderstanding your question? It wasn't after years of operation. The article states that the system was brand new. That damn account password kills me. A single password which you have to enter heaps of times on iOS. If having one password meant you only entered it once id cope, but its for email, iCloud, imessage, home sharing music, home sharing video, notes, find my phone, AppStore. It's so slow to set a device up, especially if you have a decent pasword. I wish they would fix it. See update to story, it wasn't brute forced it seems. I know. But if I could enter it once as some kind of 'log into everything' option it would be great. It's so annoying to do on phone, iPad, laptop, appletv etc that I change my password too rarely as its so painful. Nasty aftershocks too (oh, so I have to find the appletv remote i to enable my account so that I can accept my phone as the remote). How? It is worse than under Bush Jr? It's funny you would say that. I got a distinct 'uh oh' feeling when Gitmo wasn't promptly closed. However New Zealand perspectives on these things tend to differ from US views. I assume you are American I have never heard Auckland described as walkable. It's easily the worst city I have been to in that regard, unless you have a car, you're pretty much stuck. It's a pretty flattering article about home I'd say. The area you describe is nowhere near the outer edge. It's not even the edge of the CBD. Keep in mind that Auckland covers a vast area of nearly 5000 square km. http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Auckland_Council There are centres all over the place, north, south, east, west, and most are worth visiting and have very different tastes to them. I came off very negative in my first post, I love Auckland, but it's chronic lack of decent transport options is problematic. Edit: typo I suspect you encountered racism outside of Auckland? I have been surprised by attitudes in the South Island, where non-white people seemed to surprise the locals. New Zealanders travel. The majority of those people will return. This statement is based on experience, not data. Everyone seems to leave, and all seem to return. Edit: It sounded like I was disagreeing with your figures, I wasn't. New Zealanders buy houses Instead if other investments (to the frustration of numerous finance ministers). The housing market dipped only fractionally with recent world events, and basically sits where it was in 2007 at the moment. Kiwis love houses. I agree (some seem not to). However the courts are whittling away the crown case, and both the police and the FBI have got explaining to do. This current government brown noses the US somewhat but compared the other countries, we are positively independent. It's been busy of late and I don't even bother taking in lunch anymore. A complete absence of successful lunches is a bad thing. Travelators (is that what they are called?) in airports always get me going. Walking the wrong way on themmoon strangely fun. Moon walking for the guy who can't dance. I want to understand the down votes.. As a parent of one young child, I find discipline the hardest aspect of being a parent. Holy hell it twists me in knots trying to work out when to draw the line, when to ignore and when to warn. Luckily my wife is better at this. That's a great metric. Was trying to measure The East India Company by this metric, but it's surprisingly hard to do so. Please elaborate on a few of these aspects (again!). Thanks if you do. Full disclosure: I'm a vegetarian. Another bonus of this choice is health. My wife and I made it through various third world countries without food poisoning as the travelers around us fell Ill. It could be coincidence, but considering that it was the only dietary difference, I doubt it. Well cooked vegetables only. It's worth considering when food safety is an issue. What about the intensive questioning on how you get protein. I do t think I've every asked anyone anything like this. Is there anything more boring? My instant thought is backstreet barbequed guinea pig that's been on a warmer for days, with people picking thir choice with bare hands. Peru has amazing vegetarian food luckily! I couldn't even guess the episode, but Marco has stated on is 5by5 podcast that he doesn't collect user information and only dips into user information grudgingly. I'd be surprised if this came from him as according to his statements he finds holding any user information that could be described as private unpleasant. This is all based on recollection however. Still cant find the podcast, but here is what Marco says the FBI tool, quoted from the Instapaper blog about a year ago: >>The server was used as a MySQL replication slave, handling read-only queries to speed up the site. Instapaper suffered no downtime as a result of its theft and no data has been lost. Further down: >>Possibly most importantly, though, the FBI is now presumably in possession of a complete copy of the Instapaper database as it stood on Tuesday morning, including the complete list of users and any non-deleted bookmarks. (“Archived” bookmarks are not deleted. “Deleted” bookmarks are hard-deleted out of the database immediately.) Instapaper stores only salted SHA-1 hashes of passwords, so those are relatively safe. But email addresses are stored in the clear, as is the saved content of each bookmark saved by the bookmarklet. The server also contained a complete copy of the Instapaper website codebase, but not the codebase of the iOS app. Linked Facebook, Twitter, or Tumblr accounts only store their respective OAuth keys. Linked Evernote accounts only store the Evernote email-in address. Linked Pinboard accounts, however, store plaintext usernames and encrypted passwords, and the encryption keys are present in the website source code on the server. http://www.newyorker.com/reporting/2012/09/17/120917fa_fact_... Isn't this likely to result in bad things happening to Instapaper? If this messes up Instapaper for people who are careful to visit NYT infrequently and save stories to Instapaper (me!) then I'll be unhappy. I used to use this theory. I now prefer summer, sun and rock hard clay (had to sledge hammer the spade in for the first few cm). Why? Because the destruction you cause tramping clay everywhere is terrible - 2 or 3 kgs stays attached to you and you can't even shake it off the spade. No one who digs clay (as opposed to soil/sand where I don't really have an opinion) would choose to do it in the wet. My 2c. Now I'll go back (quite literally) to finishing this trench before the rain arrives. With the low average pay in India, how did he afford to do it. Did he have his expenses paid by someone else? Food, housing, equipment and (maybe?) power/water. Those costs, while potentially small where he lives, have to add up over decades. It would be interesting to see stats compared between 'socialized' systems (we call it the public system) and private systems. When everyone has the same boss (Minister of Health) and is working within the same rules and guidelines it must do something to the stats. We do have a private healthcare service, but its basically restricted to simpler day stay (or slightly longer stays) surgery and less complex procedures. There are no private emergency healthcare hospitals here that I know of. New Zealand is the country. The system is far from perfect here, but I'm yet to learn of a system I'd prefer. Great link. It's interesting how $ spent seems not to correlate with life expectancy - as noted by the person who wrote the article. It's funny. I know of numerous cases of borderline corruption here. They may be legit, but they sure as hell run close to the line. I struggle to imaging what happens in a country considered to be 'actually corrupt'. As this government would do absolutely anything to get closer to the US, I suspect you're not right. Even the previous government tried fairly hard (troops to Afghanistan for example), but this time it's shameless. Sorry, terrible phrasing, and I can't seem to edit it. >>As this government would do absolutely anything to get closer to the US, I suspect nothing will come of any investigation. Even the previous government tried fairly hard (troops to Afghanistan for example), but this governments pandering is shameless. The Dotcom case being a prime example. Edit: spelling