I can think of three reasons universities would do this. First: Universities do not generally take pride in having a commercial "business model" approach. They almost all say education, rather than profit, is their aim. They say they don't charge $x because they want to extract the maximum rent from the market, they charge $x because that's what it costs to provide the course. What better way to prove this commitment to education than to charge much less for a course that costs much less to run? Second: Sony chariman Akito Morito reportedly once said "My job is to make our products obsolete before our competitors do." If online learning is the next big thing, you want to be at the cutting edge of it. You don't want to end up a local bookstore in the age of Amazon, you want to be Amazon. Third: 120,000 people signed up for the first MITx course (only 7,000 people went on to get a passing grade) and the system handled them OK. You can accept much less profit per student when you've got a thousand times as many students. Of course, there are more experiments needed to determine whether they can provide useful credentials people will get their wallets out to pay for - but people are used to paying a lot for university courses. If they made just $10 to $100 per student per course they could be looking at some serious money. Yes, I absolutely expect there will be test centres where students pay to sit the exam in exam conditions. There's no other way to produce credible results. But the test centre would only need to be a tarted up cybercafe. Do you envisage the course material and exam being designed by MIT but the exams being administered by some other party, or would the other party also design the exam (as is the case with CFA)? Not all drones have to be quadrotor helicopters; with a fixed wing drone you can glide over your target with the propeller stopped and make very little noise. Well, when public companies plan acquisitions and mergers, it's essentially always claimed that they're going to make the company they acquire more valuable. You spend $100,000,000 of your investors' money on Nullsoft because you think with you on their side, they'll be worth more than $100,000,000. So it comes as a bit of a surprise when they become worth radically less due to mismanagement - not because mismanagement is unusual, but because mismanagement persists in spite of the large costs. Gladwell's theory, as I've heard it, is that mastery demands 10,000 hours of good quality practice. When your developers cost $75 an hour including overheads, paying people for those 10,000 hours is an extremely costly proposition. The article is poorly written. Points 1 and 2 are about knowing yourself and your own rhythm, making one think the article is about caring for one's own mental health while working long hours. Point 3, however, is about long hours being performed by one's employees. That third point makes it sounds like the article is not about a person who has themselves worked ridiculously hard, but about someone who has cracked the whip over people working ridiculously hard, giving advice to others who want to do the same thing. Understandably, people are a lot less sympathetic to this! When I say $75 an hour including overheads I don't mean a salary of $150,000 - I mean a salary of $60,000 plus tax plus health insurance plus pension contribution plus office space plus a desk plus a computer plus the calls to IT Helpdesk plus the line manager's time plus any commercial software plus other developers' time coaching plus the 20% cut paid to the recruiter plus the HR and payroll people's time plus networking and internet connection plus the backed up storage space on file and mail servers plus the car parking space plus a phone line plus cleaning plus the break room food and coffee. Of course these things are company-dependent, but I'm a comparatively junior developer and for purposes of internal costing my employer costs my time at $75 an hour. When I was in college, the opportunity cost of a $45 ticket was eating badly instead of eating well for two weeks. Now I have a regular job, the opportunity cost of a $45 ticket is much lower - I'll have to wait a few weeks until I buy that DVD box set of 'House MD'. So now I can buy tickets that before I could not afford. Have I become a more dedicated Louis CK fan? Or have I just become a richer fan? You know how web developers are constantly bitching about incompatibilities between web browsers and javascript engines? That's how. Well, a lot of recruiters present themselves to employers as helping with their recruitment problems, rather than exacerbating them. The "rational" thing for a recruiter to do is to post fake jobs with huge salaries to jobs boards to get in resumes; and to offload filtering for quality onto clients so as to get more volume through; to shop resumes around clients in descending salary order so lower paying places only get candidates rejected by other employers; and as soon as the contingency fee comes through, to call the employee at work and try to get them to hop somewhere else so you can collect another contingency fee. If all recruiters did this no-one would work with recruiters - businesses only work with recruiters because those recruiters claim they aren't going to act in this ("rational") manner - they claim they're going to look out for the client's interests. For a recruiter to make this claim while simultaneously proving it false shows a bit of cheek, and obviously makes one doubt the sincerity of the claim. If this store sells physical objects which get delivered by mail, isn't it more like a regular online store? I'm not in recruitment myself, and I agree that ideally you want your employees not to leave even when contacted by a recruiter! I assume the idea behind refusing to work with recruiters who have been unethical in the past is to create a disincentive, in the hopes of reforming the economics of recruiting so you can get recruiters who will work with you rather than against you. You'd imagine there would be some recruiters who would aim to behave ethically and to cultivate a reputation for being ethical, as that reputation would be valuable to a recruiter in terms of getting clients. The one time I was job-hunting I saw some pretty unethical stuff - I once had a recruiter e-mail me a programming test along with a solution another candidate had submitted, and almost every recruiter asked for a summary of technical interview questions so they could brief other candidates. I would have thought using unethical recruiters would actively hinder your recruitment process - so there'd be no market for their services. I mean, evidently it doesn't work that way, but I think that's the aim of refusing to work with certain recruiters. I work for a company that uses Google's apps internally. We have less than 1000 users. We get sales and technical contacts at Google with real phone numbers and everything. If you think there's a market for Google's products but with better customer service, you could form a startup reselling Google's products, with you providing customer service and escalating to Google whenever appropriate. Once you have a few hundred users I assume you'll get the same support level my employer gets. To be fair, if your application revolves around producing a tweetspam-filtered copy of Twitter's stream of tweets, it's not really possible to make that twitter-independent. Competitors like facebook and google+ don't really have a spam problem. Perhaps they meant to block Kama Sutra App™, Kama Sutra of Vatsyayana, Kama Sutra! - Manual of Sex, Kama Sutra: Manual of Sex, Kamasutra™, Kamasutra 3D, Kamasutra by Vatsyayana, Kamasutra for iPad, Kamasutra fun, Kamasutra Museum 3D, Kamasutra Museum 3D HD, KamaSutra Posiciones, Kamasutra The Game, Kamazootra, Kamazootra Lite, 101 Positions of KamaSutra, Kamasutra (Deutsch), Kamasutra - Sex Positions Guide and Kama Sutra, KamaSwami, or KamaSwami for iPad. Perhaps it was only through confusion that they blocked iKamasutra. Many websites have adopted the donate-to-see-no-ads model - Slashdot, Reddit, OKCupid etc - but as I understand it none of those have exactly thrived on the donated money. Has it been more successful than I've heard? A lot of people recommend you shouldn't badmouth your previous/current employers in a job interview. Which you can use as a reason not to say why you're not with a previous employer. Personally I'm interested in the design of a many systems - but I can see a case for wanting other systems to present a single well-defined, correctly implemented interface. There was a time when, to make a program with sound, programmers had to handle different sound cards differently. You used to get settings in games to choose whether your card was Sound Blaster 16 Compatible. Were those the good old days, or the bad old days? I'm not sure professional networking is something that can be usefully automated. I mean, a LinkedIn network is to a real network as Facebook friends are to real friends. It sounds like you would enjoy http://folklore.org/ You don't think the leap-hour will be a new millennium bug? When you look at how much people crap their pants over the leap second - a relatively common thing - I dread to think how unprepared people would be for something 3,600 times less common. Let's say I own a business importing widgets. If there's inflation of 2%, the stock I hold just became 2% more valuable. If there's deflation of 2%, the stock I hold just became 2% less valuable. In other words, in a deflationary economy there's less incentive to invest in productive activity and more incentive to stash cash under the mattress. And it's not just held stock that works this way - it's also capital investments like that new more efficient widget-making machine. To be fair, at the bottom end of the market safes are competing against Kensington lock cables and hiding valuables on the top shelf of your wardrobe. If anyone broke into my home I assume it would be a brick through the window then in and out in five minutes grabbing any laptops, jewelery and cash rather than a planned attack with thermal lances and diamond core drills! Of course, within the current justice system it will often make sense to hire an expensive lawyer. You are in a spending arms race with your opponent. The problem is this is a fault of the system. We want a system that produces the fairest outcomes possible, and there's more than one way unfair outcomes can be produced. Under the current system, if I had a patent and Oracle infringed upon it, I would be denied justice because I don't have $100M of cash to pay to litigate. If we had a German-style fixed fee system where any patent dispute could be resolved for a flat fee of (say) $20,000 I would not be denied justice. The rich would not have an advantage over the poor in court. On the other hand, this would deny Google and Oracle the opportunity to spend 5,000 times as much to get the dispute analyzed in (what was presumably) a great deal of detail. Is that a bigger injustice than the fact I couldn't receive justice at all? Personally I see this Oracle/Google dispute as like Bastiat's parable of the broken window - this case represents a net loss to society of $100,000,000+ as surely as if Oracle and Google had broken one another's office windows to the value of a hundred million dollars. Perhaps they called the number listed in the box on the right hand side of the article? Did you read the part of the article that said "The demonstration of the near-disaster, led by Professor Todd Humphreys and his team at the UTA's Radionavigation Laboratory, points to a "gaping hole" in the US's plan to open US airspace to thousands of drones," so presumably there's an existing plan to use drones in US airspace. One would imagine they would be most useful over densely populated areas. With cars and fault diagnosis increasingly computerised, car makers were in a position to encrypt or obfuscate diagnostic messages so that you could only view and reset 'check engine' codes at official dealers who had costly diagnostic equipment. The intention of OBD-II is to keep independent mechanics in business (and hence the car repair market operating properly) by preventing car makers from doing this. Sounds like a good idea to me - dealerships are already overpriced, I can't imagine how bad it would be without independent garages exerting downward pressure on prices. Whether this should extend as far as an open standard for bypassing the keyless ignition without first presenting a valid key is another matter. The HTTP last modified header for www.kogan.com/robots.txt has Last-Modified: Wed, 06 Jun 2012 06:14:35 GMT It's possible they did this and they were cunning enough to turn back the last-modified clock. I'm sure everyone takes notes differently, but with the way I do it I'm not sure a social note-taking system makes sense. For a note to be useful to me, it has to be quick to make. For a note to be useful to another person, it has to contain enough context for them to be able to decipher it. For example, the notebook on my desk reads "core 495 0.20%" which I know is the number and fraction of users in the core group - and I have enough context to know what those all mean. If I had to write down that context in a way other people could understand, it would no longer be quick to write, so it would no longer be a note. Is your idea of what note-taking is different to mine? I get Last-Modified: Fri, 04 May 2012 18:58:02 GMT from my home machine (and you obviously do too) where I connect to 74.118.68.224 - but I got Wed, 06 Jun 2012 06:14:37 GMT from work (and via http://web-sniffer.net/ and http://www.rexswain.com/cgi-bin/httpview.cgi ) which was looking at 108.166.39.66. Perhaps we get DNS load balanced or something similar? You know people do those 2D and 3D plots with dots representing where ideas are on a spectrum? You know, like this: http://www.politicalcompass.org/images/axeswithnames.gif I think what you need is a diagram like that with Google Docs, Wikis, Evernote, Piratepad, E-mail and your product. You know, something that answers every "so how's it different from" at the same time. The article says you should merge all your databases into one, to avoid setting up a service-api-notification-message-queue mess. While sharing a database lets you develop the initial system quickly, you'll have problems later on because you've made no distinction between your interface (which other people code against and you commit to not changing too often) and your internals (which you may want to refactor from time to time). So either you make schema changes at will - in which case other developers do too, and you're spending all your time fixing that instead of developing new stuff - or you rarely make schema changes and do it with advanced warning and approval, in which case the pace of development slows to a crawl because other people are too busy to support the changes you want to make. With well defined interfaces, only the interfaces have to evolve at a snail's pace; the internals can change as fast as you like, as long as you do it without breaking your interfaces. Example: If you run a amazon style computerized warehouse and an amazon style shopping website; you want to know if an item is in stock. If the website just goes directly to the warehouse's database tables, the warehouse schema can't change without worrying about breaking the website. A nice simple how-many-in-stock web service would be a lot easier to maintain. I'm no Solr expert, but bug SOLR2155 has a patch [1] that does a geospatial search using geohash prefixes [2]. As far as I can tell, you take the point's latitude and longitude and interleave the binary bits - so if your record's latitude is 11111111 and your longitude is 10000000 your geohash is 1110101010101010. You index on that, then when you do a spatial search for the point nearest to 11111110,10000011 you look up key 1110101010101101 and a prefix search finds the closest value in the index is the the record you inserted earlier. Presumably then you realize there could be an even closer record at 11111111,01111111 which would have got stuck at 1011111111111111 in the index so you look there too just in case, take the closer of the two search results, and bob's your mother's brother. [1] https://issues.apache.org/jira/browse/SOLR-2155?focusedComme... [2] http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Geohash Absolutely - I'm sure you've heard of the idea of technical debt [1,2] and sometimes it makes sense to build up technical debt to get a system off the ground, then worry about maintainability, documentation and whatnot in your copious free time later on. [1] http://www.codinghorror.com/blog/2009/02/paying-down-your-te... [2] http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Technical_debt I think the key feature of "paid paid vacation" is that the money can only be spent on a vacation, use it or lose it. So you can't save money by not going on vacation. Does austrian vacation bonus pay have to be spent on a vacation? So under the pay-proportional-to-viewship model, artist A runs an intimate orchestral music performance and 10 people donate $100 each (because hey, orchestras are expensive to run); and artist B runs a punk performance in a warehouse where 1000 people pay £1 each. Under your model, the punk performers would make $1980 and the classical performers would make $20 - right? In my mind, Penny Arcade was as it started out - two guys drawing comics. $500k each sounded like a lot. I don't know if Childs Play and PAX are a big money sink for them? Business owner here. The purpose of a business is to do whatever the business owners want it to do. > I mean, yeah, I'm not impressed by the pager. I've been on pager more often than not from 17 onward. [...] Out of being on pager more often than not more than 20 years [...] that was the only job where the pager bothered me much at all. So how does pager duty work with your employers? Most places I've worked have asked for a 15 minute response time (which effectively means being within ~12 minutes of home) and being sober. That means no going for a bicycle ride or a run; not going on dates, to restaurants, the theatre or cinema; not visiting friends or relatives; and not going to the gym or going swimming or going out dancing. Doesn't pager duty basically mean you have to sit at home on the internet for all your free time? It's surprising to me that 60% of people don't appear to have changed their compromised passwords. Is there something wrong with how we tell people their passwords have been compromised - do you think we aren't making it clear enough what they need to do, or how important it is that they do it? I ordered some jeans online, taking measurements from another pair of jeans. In fact I aggregated together measurements of my body, measurements of my existing pairs of jeans, and sizes from the labels of my existing pairs of jeans. The first pair that came were too short, and a bit big at the waist; the company agreed to swap them for a shorter pair (but I had to pay to ship the old pair back to them). I couldn't tell if going to a two-inch-smaller waist would mean an uncomfortably tight waist, so I didn't ask them to send me a pair with a smaller waist. The fit is now at best acceptable. I could have been more stubborn about it and done more exchanges until I was happier with the fit, but that would have meant more inconvenience - and the expense of shipping them back again. Had I been buying at a shop I could have tried on a whole bunch of pairs of jeans, and I think I'd be happier with the overall fit. For comparison, I have successfully brought sneakers, t-shirts and sweaters online so I'm no stranger to shopping for clothes online. > The problem is probably not that women are not being respected or valued. What the hell else do you call it when someone grabs your ass? No-one grabs my ass at hacker conferences. You know why? Because I'm a man. > I doubt people are stupid enough to conflate Bitcoin with 3rd party websites that use bitcoins. Well, some of the most touted features of Bitcoin are that it's anonymous, untracable, and unfettered burdensome mandates like FDIC insurance and PCI-DSS compliance. In this case, those features mean in all likelihood the thieves won't be traced or punished, the depositors' money won't be returned, and there was no independent auditing to catch crap security practices. High profile thefts might make people think they don't need the features that Bitcoin is offering. It could be a bit cheaper, but I'd hope SSL certificate vendors would be putting some work into identity verification. You know, making sure the person with an @gmail.com e-mail is the right person to send the gmail.com SSL certificate to. That could mean manually checking scanned copies of legal documents, making some phone calls, maybe even faxing or sending some things by post. Look at all these requirements Mozilla have to include your CA certificate! http://www.mozilla.org/projects/security/certs/policy/Inclus... $60 sounds a little high to me, but if you think you could do it for substantially less, why not set yourself up in competition with them? > Conventional wisdom is that the private sector is just much more efficient than the state can ever be, but I have never been able to find evidence-based studies for or against this. This is hard to measure empirically because of selection bias - you can only study things which have already been privatized, and the first things to be privatized are the things you think will privatize successfully. For example, there are quite a few countries that have successfully privatized their telephone networks. But that doesn't mean you could privatize the police or military with the same success! And because you asked for evidence-based citations, here you go: http://www.quora.com/Is-there-empirical-evidence-to-support-... I think what rwmj is saying is: State total cost = State front line workers' salaries + State overheads Private sector total cost = Private sector front line workers' salaries + Private sector overheads + Profit. Overheads are everything from paddy wagons to radios to uniforms to back office staff to police horses loaned to Rebekah Brooks to the G4S CEO's £830K/year salary. Private sector firms will presumably only bid on a contract if the profit is positive, I'd agree that's a truism. But is the profit positive because the private sector total cost is higher, or because the private sector front line workers' salaries are lower, or because the private sector overheads are lower? I think that's what rwmj wants evidence of. While I've never seen a hiring manager looking at the code actually committed to open source projects, I've certainly been asked in interviews about the contributions to well known projects I list on my CV. Other interviewers haven't mentioned the contributions at all. So I guess it depends on the interviewer. > Since HN is full of smart people, I feel like asking - do you guys realize you're smart? When I go dancing in nightclubs, both men and women will come up to me when I stop to get a drink and they'll tell me they think I'm a really good dancer. But when I go to a dance class and beside me is someone who works for a world-famous dance company, I can look in the mirror and see my skills are only the crudest parody of theirs. There are certainly thousands of people in the world who can dance better than I can - probably tens of thousands. So it is with my programming achievements - one or two linux kernel patches for seldom-seen bugs in seldom-used subsystems? There are certainly thousands, probably tens of thousands of people who could have done the same thing easily - I was just the first to feel the itch I scratched. TLDR: I don't know if your question is even intended for me. If you enjoyed this question about "Storing Images in DB - Yea or Nay?" posted on Nov 28 '08 at http://stackoverflow.com/questions/3748/storing-images-in-db... here are some other questions you might enjoy: Storing images on a database - Jul 1 '09 - http://stackoverflow.com/questions/1071636/storing-images-on... Save image in database? - Apr 30 '09 - http://stackoverflow.com/questions/805519/save-image-in-data... store image in database or in a system file? - Apr 19 '09 - http://stackoverflow.com/questions/766048/store-image-in-dat... Where should I store photos? File system or the database? - Oct 9 '09 - http://stackoverflow.com/questions/1546485/where-should-i-st... To Do or Not to Do: Store Images in a Database - May 2 '09 - http://stackoverflow.com/questions/815626/to-do-or-not-to-do... Store images in database or on file system - Dec 28 '10 - http://stackoverflow.com/questions/4550197/store-images-in-d... Store pictures as files or in the database for a web app? - Feb 18 '09 - http://stackoverflow.com/questions/561447/store-pictures-as-... Storing a small number of images: blob or fs? - Nov 28 '08 - http://stackoverflow.com/questions/325126/storing-a-small-nu... How to store images in your filesystem - Oct 7 '09 - http://stackoverflow.com/questions/191845/how-to-store-image... User images - database vs. filesystem storage - Feb 25 '09 - http://stackoverflow.com/questions/585224/user-images-databa... Should I store my images in the database or folders? - Apr 3 '09 - http://stackoverflow.com/questions/713243/should-i-store-my-... Would you store binary data in database or in file system? - Mar 19 '09 - http://stackoverflow.com/questions/662488/would-you-store-bi... storing uploaded photos and documents - filesystem vs database blob - Jul 9 '09 - http://stackoverflow.com/questions/1105429/storing-uploaded-... I came in here prepared to write an impassioned criticism of StackOverflow's aggressive moderation, but frankly you've made me understand exactly why they do it. If I was a funding body I'd knock a few thousand off the initial grant and say "have the journal send me the bill when you publish a paper". That way, you only have the expenditure if the research leads to published papers. If the research doesn't lead to papers, well, at least you're a few thousand better off. And of course the funding bodies would know exactly who published what when where, and they'd get the right details in the paper's acknowledgments every time. As an alternative, if there was funding to publish only a limited number of papers that could reform the incentives that lead to "salami publication". Or perhaps it would lead to a worst-of-both-worlds where salami publication cost funding bodies a bunch of money. We shall see! Would such big spenders quibble over a little 1% surcharge? > Why would you want to break out the fee into another line-item? It's not unusual in things like concert ticketing to have a headline price of, say, $30 then when you get to the checkout there's an extra $10 in processing fees and delivery charges. I assume companies think this makes them more money than being up front about the total cost. > Cash discounts were already legal, and a credit surcharge is just a cash discount by another name. In one case the customer pays less than the advertised price, in the other case more. You could submit your tip along with your bitcoin address, then if the tip comes up right they send the reward to that address. Of course, if they failed to deliver the reward or it got redirected along the way, you couldn't exactly complain publicly. And you'd still have the problem that your neighbors would notice if you brought (say) a new car. And you might get murdered just for having a bitcoin client installed. But other than that, it could work! > Wow. Version 1 obviously wasn't ready at all. Why was it shipped in the first place? I guess a good question is why did MS let it ship? Perhaps the one-free-patch policy should change into a no-free-patches policy, to encourage companies not to ship unfinished games. > (if you prefer you can swap out this cost and replace it with the cost of hiring somebody to do ops for you on an occasional, freelance basis to handle things going wrong, moving to new cloud providers etc. over a 25 year period...). Plenty of countries have national/legal deposit libraries (my country has six of them) and the costs of running them are a rounding error in national terms. You can hardly claim an electronic national library would cost more to run than a physical library - much smaller volume of stuff to store, no staff to retrieve and shelve documents, no in person visitors. There's a bunch of reasons people might drop out of a university course. Some of these reflect badly on the university/means of course delivery. For example, if they're dropping the course because it's poorly taught, or they can't understand the lecturer. There's no indication this was a problem with the MITx course though. Well, the first line of the article is > Facebook not only is on course to go bust but will take the rest of the ad-supported Web with it. Perhaps that's just a juicy opening line to draw people in to the article - but it sure sounds like predicting a demise to me. Some of the things the article says are reasonable - but I wouldn't bet a dollar on facebook going bust and taking the entire ad-supported web with it. But 'you are at the herpes clinic with your daughter' is more like the latter than the former, right? When you say "How much time do you spend on Emails?" does that mean just time with focus on the e-mail client, or does that include the time spent on gathering data to compose a response? How un-selective does an employer have to be before they can talk about skills shortages? I'm sure you've heard of Fizz Buzz - http://www.codinghorror.com/blog/2007/02/why-cant-programmer... - is that too difficult a problem? May I have your password please? I'd like an account with more karma. The article suggested that the high piracy rate may be because Google Play is only available in 31 countries, and with only credit and debit card payment options. No hard numbers were provided to back that up, but presumably supporting more countries and payment options could only help sales. So, Google could support more countries and payment options. Alternately, they could add more sophisticated DRM to android phones. Under the pay-for-upgrades model, software developers have an incentive to keep updating and upgrading their software. I want new features and the developer wants upgrade money, so our incentives are aligned. Under the subscription model, don't you think the software you're subscribing for will end up like IE6, left to stagnate because there's no incentive to spend developer time on it? If you need four hours of downtime, either the three 8 hour shifts would have to overlap (meaning for the overlap periods you'd need twice as many workstations, i.e. a warehouse twice as big) or the third shift would have employees standing idle for 4 hours. Downtime is useful because you can get in and perform preventative maintenance and software deployments, and if there's a problem (like a machine breakdown) that delays picking by an hour or two, you can complete the day's work instead of having the problems spill over into the next day. Why they don't offer an option to do three 7-hour shifts I don't know. Yes, I'm a bit confused about how much you get for the $9 to $12 if the retail cost would be $60 to $90. Is that just an $81 markup, or does $9 only get you a frame without pedals and a chain? On the other hand, Boston's Hubway cycle hire scheme [1] costs $12 for three days of membership. A bike for $12 could open up interesting avenues for similar bike uses as you wouldn't have to worry about getting the user to return it. [1] http://www.thehubway.com/pricing I assume he's referring to PHPBB there, which would be an odd choice for blogging software as it's forum software. >The problem is that the people you'd most like to hire probably have little interest in taking a programming test. So you're just filtering them out and left with the dregs. For this to work you need one of the following: That may be the case if you're trying to headhunt experienced developers who are currently in good jobs. But if you're an unemployed programmer, or an employed programmer actively looking for a different job, why wouldn't you take a programming test? Programming tests and technical interviews where you have to code are normal and expected for coding jobs, at least in my experience. When there are 630 resumes in the pile, the read/filter will be done by a junior HR person who probably couldn't tell XML from SQL. I'd rather be filtered by a programming test, where my programming abilities put me ahead of the pack! With that said, most of the programming tests I've been given in the past have been fairly interesting so perhaps that biases my opinion. I'm certainly no fan of jobs where they send you a huge MS Word application form. https://www.google.co.uk/search?q=%22I+cant+stand+all%22+%22... https://www.google.co.uk/search?q=%22This+is+all+too%22+%22f... Then pick the first search result where there is a single word between the segments. >700mA on USB is not within the USB spec, and probably not accurate for current draw of a Pi. The raspberry pi quickstart guide at http://www.raspberrypi.org/quick-start-guide says to use a power supply capable of supplying 700 mA. The page you link to says the RPi can consume 435-465mA just from CPU and Ethernet, meaning only ~250 mA of the RPi's 700mA power budget remains to power the two USB host ports. Just plug in a USB device that draws more than 250mA (like a second RPi) and the claim of consuming more than 700 mA will be proved correct! I've checked the RPi schematic [1] and it each of the USB ports protected by a miniSMDC014 rated for 140 milliamps [2] (and taking 150ms to trip at 1.5 A) With two usb devices drawing 140 mA, a total of 280 mA would be consumed, thereby narrowly exceeding the 700mA power budget. Fuses are also typically quite imprecise for obvious reasons - they rely on current heating up metal that melts and breaks the circuit, and you don't want it borderline molten under normal operating conditions! So you may well be able to draw 250 mA per port without the fuses triggering. You'll note the Raspberry Pi wiki [3] has a bunch of bug reports like "Ethernet connection is lost when a USB device is plugged in" attributed to inadequate power supply current. [1] http://www.raspberrypi.org/archives/1090 [2] http://datasheet.octopart.com/MINISMDC014F-2-Tyco-Electronic... [3] http://elinux.org/R-Pi_Troubleshooting Well, any time you're looking at companies before vs after the death of their founder, you've got the confounding factor that the company is always younger when the founder is alive. Google founders Brin and Page were what, 25 when they founded Google? If they've got a 75 year life expectancy, Google will be a 50 year old company when they die. I'd have thought a 50 year old Google would look more like a stable blue chip company than a fast-moving frenetic startup. I can understand wanting one for sports and leisure. I too live in a country with tight weapon control; if I went on holiday to America and had a chance to go to a gun range and fire an AK-47 you bet I'd do it. Of course, I'd also like to fire one of those stinger missiles, and the deck guns on a battleship. I can understand there being other considerations that conflict with my desires. First let me say that yet again, another blog post that contains little to no science to back up claims; instead, personal feelings and an individual's experience become the standard by which apparently all people experience working in STEM. "Stereotype Threat and Women’s Math Performance" by Spencer, Steele and Quinn [1] contains an interesting series of experiments. In the first experiment, test subjects are given two math exams, an easier one (from the GRE general exam) and a harder one (from the advanced GRE mathematics exam). All test subjects had 1 semester to 1 year of calculus with at least a B grade. They observed something that has been seen in the literature before - that both genders perform equally on the easier exam, but women underperform on the harder exam. In the second experiment, a different set of test subjects were given the harder exam. Half the subjects were told the test had been shown to produce gender differences, half that it had been shown not to produce gender differences. Characterizing the test as insensitive to gender differences was enough to totally eliminate women's underperformance. When the same test was characterized as sensitive to gender differences, women significantly underperformed in relation to equally qualified men. (results are fig. 2 on page 13 of the PDF) The third experiment repeats the second experiment under different conditions and gets a similar result. The "stereotype threat" article is not a compelling enough argument to me that there is some gender stereotype conspiracy only found in STEM No stereotype conspiracy is required - the threat is from the stereotype /held by the test subject/ that they will/are expected to underperform. [1] http://www.leedsmet.ac.uk/carnegie/learning_resources/LAW_PG... I am still friends with my colleagues and my boss at my last job, but I told them in the interview a long list of tweaks to expectations, assignments etc if they wanted to keep folks like me around. Interesting. Did they make the tweaks after your departure? Were they substantial changes? Did you suggest the tweaks prior to your resignation, and if so why do you think they didn't make them at that time? > But I would say that omitting is the same thing as lying. Let's say I think my co-worker is an asshole. How many people do I have to tell to avoid being a liar? Interesting. Do you plan to replace the weekly trip to Wal-Mart in terms of range, or will you limit yourself to the smaller product selection you'd get in a local corner store? What will you do if all your drivers are busy? Will I be able to book an order for an hour-long slot in the future, or is delivery now or never? Never replicated? How about "Knowing Is Half the Battle Teaching Stereotype Threat as a Means of Improving Women's Math Performance" by Johns, Schmader and Martens [1] ? Participants were divided into three groups; the first group were told they were getting a problem solving test; the second group were told they were getting a math test for a study of gender differences; the third group were told the same as the second group and that anxiety could be the result of negative stereotypes that are widely known in society and have nothing to do with their actual ability to do well on the test. As figure 1 on page 4 of the PDF shows, the first group had roughly equal gender performance, in the second group women underperformed, and in the third group performance was roughly equal. Or why not "Solo status, stereotype threat, and performance expectancies: Their effects on women's performance" by Sekaquaptewa and Thompson [2] - once again, women performed worse in the stereotype threat condition that in the no threat condition. Did you have some point, or argument, or opinion, you were trying to make? Only that your statement that there is little to no science to back up the blog's claims ignores multiple peer-reviewed studies. [1] http://www.mdecgateway.org/olms/data/resource/9098/Knowing%2... [2] http://j.b.legal.free.fr/Blog/share/Expos%E9s%20M1/Stereotyp... That assumes that software development is infinitely scalable. I don't see how overgryphon's post assumes that; whether the project can meet the required deadlines could be a go/no-go decision rather than an assign-more-resources decision. Currency stability is useful for trade and retail. When a macbook air costs $1000 things are simple - it cost the same amount a week ago, and it'll cost just as much next week. You can plan your purchases. If all you know is a week from now it'll cost somewhere between 50 and 500 bitcoins, that's a lot harder to plan around. What would you say to a games company that wants to get their triple-A title out in time for the holiday season, instead of releasing it in January? Better still would be encryption that meant there was no need to wipe data from stolen hardware. I heard a discussion of this on Radio 4's excellent More Or Less podcast http://www.bbc.co.uk/programmes/b006qshd They pointed out Korea tend to do well in per capita medal counts as Taekwondo is a popular sport there - and there are gold, silver and two bronze medals in four weight categories for two genders - a total of 32 medals available. On the other hand cricket, one of the most popular sports in India, has zero olympic medals. We all know the quote that adding extra developers to a late project make it even later. So if you have a market-imposed deadline you've got to get the number of developers correct from the beginning of the project. Hard to do without that much estimation. There are exceptions to all rules, so it would be stupid to not even think about it. But all businesses with an extra layer of "relationship" get messy. I'm sure we'll hear anecdotes to that effect - but is there good quality research-based evidence to back it up? All the co-founders I know of are friends with one another, which doesn't seem to sink companies. And a lot of commentators in the press attribute Germany's economic strength to its 'Mittelstand' companies - small and medium size companies, which are often family-owned, export-oriented engineering firms [1,2]. Call me crazy, but when I'm making investment decisions I like to build my decisions on sturdier foundations than Betteridge's Law of Headlines. [1] http://business.blogs.cnn.com/2012/05/24/the-mittelstand-ger... [2] http://www.bbc.co.uk/news/uk-politics-17300246 The GNU is exactly the opposite of normal copyright. [...] The idea behind normal copyright--what some people here do not like--is to limit others' access to information. The whole point is that you cannot copy something without the right-owner's permission. As I see it, the idea behind copyright is that the creator of a work gets to choose the terms of reproduction. They might choose the GPL for the reasons you state - or they might prefer a different license, like the Affero GPL, or GPL2 instead of GPL3. If we think that shouldn't be the developer's choice, whose should it be? The marginal cost of the second ticket to see my favorite film (Scarface, Al Pacino) is a few cents. The marginal cost of the first ticket is $25 million. We could switch over to that system - it's not unprecedented, historically many rich people have been patrons of the arts and commissioned new works. You might find the art market shifts so it aims less at the man on the street and more at the millionaire in the boardroom. Whether that would be a good or a bad thing is a matter of opinion. What do you think? According to the page you linked to, in economics and finance marginal cost is the change in total cost that arises when the quantity produced changes by one unit. When production of Scarface movie tickets increases from zero units to one unit the film has to be made, increasing the total costs from zero to $25,000,000. Hence, the ∆Q is 1 unit and the ∆TC is $25,000,000 giving a marginal cost of ∆TC/∆Q = $25000000/1 = $25,000,000 Could you be more specific about why I need to go to college? Is there some error in my calculation? It says right there in the link you provided that the marginal cost is the change in total cost that arises when the quantity produced changes by one unit. We're discussing the mass entertainment market, where total costs are dominated by fixed costs. Do you seriously think it's disingenuous to take fixed costs into account? I'd say it's far more disingenuous to just ignore the bulk of your expenditure. Does "ninja-rockstar engineer" sound modest to you, like someone who doesn't care about their ego? Did it look like this: http://velodynelidar.com/lidar/hdlproducts/hdl64e.aspx Very impressive spec - as you'd expect for a $75,000 product. When would you use a CyclicBarrier in preference to (for example) splitting tasks into before-barrier and after-barrier FutureTasks and submitting to a ThreadPoolExecutor? If you're going to pre-ship products and customers are going to leave home to pick them up, why not just stock them in a conventional retail store? There's the rub. A startup cannot be about the money - it's about changing the world and the way people live. My reading of the post wasn't that the guy only cared about money - just that a start up operates in the intersection of exciting world changing technology and commercially viable technology. And the guy's exciting world-changing ideas weren't his commercially viable ideas. For a job applicant to think about what a hiring manager would think is normal enough. Is it so unusual for a hiring manager to see if the applicant does that? For a hiring manager to think about whether a job applicant is thinking about what a hiring manager is thinking sounds confusing - but we're thinking about that right now. With optical mouse type tracking wouldn't you lose your position relative to other cuts if you lifted the router off the workpiece? The "Why Smore? See why Smore is perfect for your app." button doesn't work on Firefox - does in Chrome though. Details: Mozilla/5.0 (X11; Ubuntu; Linux x86_64; rv:14.0) Gecko/20100101 Firefox/14.0.1 ID:20120714012003 Under Bush it didn't seem so bad because our expectations were so low. I would get some usage information to check the assumption anyone is hitting the 100 item limit to begin with.