Has anyone been able to get this to work? The deploy keeps failing for me. no Didn't seem to work for me in Chrome. I got a face outline, but it never drew the overlay. I'm proud to call myself a nogrammer. I'd much rather use/modify existing code than write from scratch. Are there any adblocker-like/privacy-proxy tools to neuter extensions like this? You can also see the bubble level result card if you switch Chrome dev tools to mobile emulation mode. Like many, I'm supremely confused about this history and current state of Google's various chat systems. Does anyone know of a comprehensive timeline of all the various permutations? I would read it just to boggle at how many poor decisions could be made by a single company in a single category. I wish Google would offer VPN service again (waaaay back they had some Windows utilities that would proxy your web connection). After watching Google closely for years, I'm pretty sure this was not intentional or malicious. Isn't this almost identical to what Apple was doing in 2011: https://arstechnica.com/gadgets/2011/04/how-apple-tracks-you... With behavior like this (and previous acts) I view Mozilla as less trustworthy than Google. Wouldn't Chromium be a better option for those who still don't like Google? I'm still glad that Firefox mobile is available since Chrome mobile doesn't support extensions (e.g. for ad blocking). I always assumed this was why the Pixelbook was so gratuitously over-spec'ed. Agree. It's a fun game to think up edge cases that would challenge a self-driving car. On average these cars will far outperform human drivers. I see human drivers blow through stop signs every day completely unaware that they did so. Also trains Obviously it looks like a notch, but I don't know why it's not viewed as 2 extra tabs of screen that would otherwise be bezel. I prefer better water and dust resistance over having a headphone jack. I complain about Google having too many competing/overlapping products, so I can't really complain when they close/merge them. The best time to shutdown Allo was before it launched, the second best time is now. Can god make a stone so heavy that he can not lift it? Great suggestion. For those comparing Everything and Wizfile (which I just installed), it looks like Wizfile doesn't support regex whereas Everything does. Lake effect? If you're worried about plants, you shouldn't eat animals, because they eat a lot more plants than you would. "Potaterade" Chrome too: https://blog.chromium.org/2020/01/introducing-quieter-permis... Agreed. An insult to real engineers. As misleading as calling programmers Software Doctors. I think this is what you're looking for (though you'll need to find some discontinued hardware to run it I think): https://play.google.com/store/apps/details?id=com.google.vr.... Dollar cost averaging seems to be more of a psychological strategy than a financial one: https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Dollar_cost_averaging#Criticis... Same! until I switched to Mint Mobile just a few months ago because I was regularly hitting the bandwidth limit. I wish Google Fi was price competitive and didn't have conflicts with Google Voice, but it's just not there. I love the content on Tik-Tok (America's youths are hilarious!), but I'm also excited for anything that will get YouTube off it's ruinous path of forcing creators to stretch a video that should be ~2 minutes into something 10 minutes long. "591007" does that make me and ICQ OG? If you haven't seen 3D scans yet, you will soon. Virtual walkthroughs surging due to COVID. I love Kiwi Browser! If it was able to Save "Webpage, Complete", I'd use it as my mobile daily driver. One of the all-time most cursed diagrams I've seen: https://www.scaledagileframework.com/ . I could not believe it was not parody. It's a shame that Waymo (as well as Google Streetview?) isn't operating on the road at this time, since there's probably no better chance to do mapping as when there are far fewer cars and people to obstruct the view. Rentable portable removable gas generators that attach to you tow hitch are also a decent solution for charging on the go. Even that monopoly-style strategy never made sense to me since the barrier to entry for a competitor to create a ride-coordination app is low (Lyft has made one, Google, certainly could) and the switching-cost to the end user is low (I have zero loyalty to Uber or Lyft). I've never understood why they don't do this. I have to assume that the majority of their sales go to Chicago apartment/condo dwellers rather than suburban homes. I wish there was more discussion around how to get these delivery apps to compete with each other on price. Are there any meta-delivery apps where you can easily compare prices? If exercise was a drug, no one would believe it could have so many positive effects. Agree. Face-to-face is the highest bandwidth communication medium we have. It's not for everything, but there are definitely certain types of explanation/negotiation that happen much faster and have better outcomes in person. I love this type of practical solution that gets most of the benefit for a tiny fraction of the cost. The article does a pretty good job of laying out the many mistakes that compounded their problems. My feeling is that the world at large underestimates the impact of social media and Hacker news overestimates it. Not sure how to rate the infulential-ness of different media, but Fox News was HUGELY influential to the voters that decided the last presidential election: https://www.vox.com/2019/3/4/18249847/fox-news-effect-swing-... It was wild. The MHz increases were big and made a difference. The current trends toward more cores are just a consolation prize for not being able to improve scalar performance. It's hard to remember exactly what result quality was like in 2010, but I'm very satisfied with the utility I get form Google search. I can throw a dozen different oddball questions at it and either get the answer directly (without even needing to click through to an often slow and cluttered page), or get what I was looking for as the top result. They do all this in an extremely adversarial environment where "SEO" people spend the majority of their effort trying to boost their pages for specific words. Was Google+ the largest social network that didn't have advertising? In the right hands, Google+ could've been a strong ad-free alternative to Facebook/Instagram and Twitter. fwiw the question mark is not present in the original article. It is unclear in what ways this is different/better than O&O ShutUp10 ( https://www.oo-software.com/en/shutup10 ), aside from that tool having a much worse name. Alternate headline: "Google Saves Millions of Hours of Time by Providing Answers Directly" Is this a valid analogy?: Imagine you had a brilliant friend who read all the books in a library and answered any question you asked her. Would you say this friend is stealing profit from book publishers? Capitalism seems like it could do an OK job if we priced in more externalities like resource extraction (e.g. fee for taking oil out of the ground) and pollution. Good to remember blog posts like this for all those who claim Google isn't innovating or investing in search. This is the type of infrastructure that goes in to extracting useful information from the web. It's easy how Disney and Twitter would be a bad fit, but don't forget that Hasbro (toy company) owns Death Row Records home to a group N.W.A. where the "N" stands for the "n-word". https://nypost.com/2019/08/25/hasbro-acquires-gangster-rap-l... I've long felt that annotation was one of the greatest missed opportunities of the web. Every major content website implements commenting differently and often poorly. I'd much prefer to have comments come from a third party system where I can: own my own comments, not be subject to removal by the author of the content, and choose the group of people I want to discuss with. Imagine if hackernews discussions appeared right along the content instead of being hidden away where no reader of the content could find them. Gmail's handling of tracking pixels might be even better, it automatically downloads and caches all images in a email. This has a few benefits: 1) Renders any gmail "open rate" analytics useless 2) Makes the email load faster in your email client since images are coming from Google's fast cache https://arstechnica.com/information-technology/2013/12/gmail... You're right: https://arstechnica.com/information-technology/2013/12/gmail... Though it might be possible for marketers to still track individual email opens? https://redant.com.au/how-we-do/cache-busting-gmail-new-imag... NYT also has the counterpoint: "Vaccine Rates Drop Dangerously as Parents Avoid Doctor’s Visits" https://www.nytimes.com/2020/04/23/health/coronavirus-measle... Craigslist probably belongs on this list. Google has minimal interest in "apps" (which many companies can do an OK job at) and much more interested in planet-scale data/machine-learning/AI (which is much much harder and something that Google is still very far ahead of everyone at). This serves as a good reminder how lucky we are that email worked out that we can use any number of clients with any number of services and still freely communicate any other email address in the world. Compare this to instant messaging which is full of incompatible walled gardens: Slack, Microsoft Teams, iMessage, Hangouts, WhatsApp, Facebook Messenger, etc. etc. etc. Might try switching to "ok, cool" for Google Assistant since "hey google" is one of the most awkward/ugly sounding phrases to have to repeat over and over. I wish houses were a fraction as well made and useful as even economy cars. Amen. My guess would be that 90% of Hacker News readers use a desktop browser ad blocker, but Some article pointed out that the mirror has some potential to be a useful form factor for information display alongside phone, laptop, tablet, watch, book reader, and Alexa/Google Home display. If "free-dumb" doesn't appear somewhere in the article, it missed a real opportunity. Amen, I've seen so many failed attempt to automate a process that hadn't even been attempted the "slow" "unscalable" way first. Doing a task manually a few (dozen?) times will reveal a disproportionate amount of information about what actually needs to be done. Single-purpose and supersized version of the Nest Hub Max ($229). I have no doubt that Zoom has consumer aspirations somewhere in its future. I can't speak to the rigor/validity of this study, but, taken together, the benefits of exercise are amazing. If exercise was a drug, no one would believe all the benefits could be real. I share your enthusiasm for TikTok. It's the first social media app that felt like fun instead of an obligation. I have no doubt something will come along and ruin it (olds, monetization, acquisition). For now, it's really magical. It genuinely gives me hope for the next generation. They are impressively clever short-form story-tellers and continuously innovating techniques. Agreed. It's hard for me not to suspect that there's some strong motivation by interested parties to make TikTok a boogeyman. I'm much more concerned about unintentional harm caused by incompetence (Facebook) or deliberate messaging for a purpose (Fox News, or pick whoever your personal least favorite media source is). Slack doesn't need to be free, but it's overpriced for the value it's offering. Same story with Zoom. Exactly correct about the print-oriented interface. Writely, and earlier versions of Google Docs didn't force you to pretend you were writing on a piece of paper. I would love a "Google Docs for text files"! TSLA is absolutely the present-day BTC. The irony is that Google search does a much better job searching products on Amazon.com than Amazon does. BingBong It appears as though very few Hacker News commenters have spent any time using Tiktok. It is the only enjoyable, enriching social media service I've ever used. Most everything many of us liked about the old/weird internet is present on Tiktok right now: almost no ads or commercial presense, personal content from real people (not hyper produced productions from influencers and pros), weird content, niche content, organically viral content, positive/encouraging comment sections. I've been exposed to such a huge diversity of things on Tiktok: people with physical disabilities, hilarious and creative videos from high schoolers, an elementary school kids frog journal, dance videos with single-digit views, large engine repair tips, home improvement tips, pet ducks, absurdist memes. You owe it to yourself to not dismiss Tiktok as a time-waster for idle teens. Those positive aspects of Tiktok are something we should be figuring out how to expand elsewhere. Like Friendster or Myspace, I think the main obstacle was being slightly too early to market. Absolutely. I like (give a heart to) most videos I watch, but I skip right over any videos from celebrities. I really like the variety that is in my feed now that it has a history of what I've liked. The "top" tiktoks are not representative of what's in my feed at all. I'd wager that the top 10 most viewed TV shows also fare pretty poorly if rated them on content, depth, purpose, etc. Dupe Being stubbornly against lidar makes no sense. The sensors are slightly more expensive now, but dropping fast. I want my driving software to have super human capabilities. Any sensor that can cost effectively save lives and improve performance should be used. Seems like a huge win for Microsoft to be able to buy the hottest social media service at a fire sale price. Will other bidders be allowed? Periodic reminder that though "forbes.com" may have implied some credentials in the past, it is now a site where anyone can post anything. Reminder that your "regulations" are often my "protections". It's also the best way to get accurate data on how many searches for "heroku" there are. Without an ad running, you only get estimates. Housing would be much better if we could get it to follow anything like the technology price value trend. Housing today is barely better in terms of quality or value from 50 years ago. To expect housing to improve as fast as handheld devices is unrealistic, but I think they should be improving at around the same rate as cars. I use Firefox because it does things that Chrome won't like extensions on mobile and better (and riskier) extension capabilities overall. So many of their projects stink of indulgence and adventurism rather than anything that differentiates them from other browsers. By what measure? Most video games seem far worse to me. Isn't methane odorless? I don't know what other people think, but IE to me is synonymous with a browser that was good, but then stopped improving in any meaningful way for years. The first version of Chrome showed that there was still immense worthwhile improvements that could be made in browsers. If anything, the rate of improvements to Chrome is accelerating, even after they established marketshare dominance. This is probably straying a little off-topic, but AMP seems nothing like a walled garden when compared to Facebook, Instagram, or Apple app store. It cuts both ways. Shutting down projects that aren't core can also be seen as focusing on what matters. Google shutting down products also gives room for other companies to fill that need. The Google Reader shutdown was the besting thing ever to happen to Feedly. I wish Firefox was a little more aggressive in shutting down some of its side-projects to focus on the things where they can provide value that other strictly-commercial companies will not. The excess and non-obvious battery drain that can come from plugins is probably a large part of their reasoning. Fortunately, because of the openness of Chromium, you can install browsers like Kiwi browser that support extensions. Even Firefox only barely supports extensions right now on mobile. So true. The introduction of Chrome was nearly as big as the jump from MapQuest to Google Maps. The potential for a vastly better experience had been there for a long time, but no one was taking advantage of it. I would not want to be Optimizely and have to compete against a strong free offering like Google Optimize. All money spent causes pollution if you trace it back far enough. As a first approximation, environmental impact is directly proportional to cost. Unfortunately, many people treat Tesla auto-pilot and Waymo's Driver as though they were similar, when Waymo is probably 10x more capable, reliable, robust. I see this as similar to how people equate Alexa and Siri simple voice commands to Google Assistant's deep knowledge. Vegan for 20+ years (now 40). I've never had any protein deficiency or any other nutrition related health problems. I weight lift so I take a scoop or 2 of brown rice/pea/soy protein which gets me to what any muscle gain diet guidelines recommend. What's bad about these ingredients? More data beats smarter algorithms any day, and TikTok gets a lot of data because its videos are so short and interaction rate so high. There are tons of signals it can use as inputs: How much of a video did you let play before swiping next? How many times did you let the video loop? Did you like? Did you comment? Did you like a comment? Did you click through to the profile? Did you view other videos from the profile?