Because it helps them: most of the IE suckage comes from needing to support IE along with the real browsers, which is proportionally a bigger cost for a smaller competitor than them. IE being so much slower than everything else also helps keep the idea that web apps must be slower than desktop apps alive. "The" library is which ever squirrelly database, file format, app, etc. your next project needs to talk to which doesn't have bindings for your favorite language. You compromise on Java to avoid writing that by hand and use a JVM language to avoid the pain of actually using Java. I've heard Air as the most common drawback for Tweetdeck - the low-quality text rendering, non-standard widgets, etc. scream "non-native app" and the install process is certainly a lot harder if you don't already have Air installed. Granted, I tend to hang out with geeks and Mac-using designers but I'm not sure that the general public is more likely to install a runtime before installing the application they wanted to try. No - it crashes less than once a month on my system and I'm using the excellent Ack in Project mentioned by others instead of the built-in search. The Project Plus bundle also gives a nice for large projects but in general Ack is the only one I consider necessary. I think you might be overstating this a bit: browsers definitely had gzip support back in the stone-age (I actually implemented this by hand in 2000 or so) but for slightly shorter values of "long, long ago" it's also been the case that the necessary UA checks were well-known even if your default Apache config didn't already include them. JS/CSS, however, I agree completely on - it's a good deployment step but minification is quite the nuisance for debugging and it's less critical if you've configured your server to set proper Expires/Cache-Control headers. Apple would be fine, just as a web hosting company is fine if someone puts illegal content up. They'd have to make it clear that they are not the content producer and respond quickly when a legal complaint is received but it's not as if this is uncharted legal territory. It doesn't seem like the author has much experience with security, which is what you'd expect from a technical marketing manager - it sounds reasonable but the real goal is convincing you to buy Ronco spray-on-security appliances. Log files have never been intended as a security measure in the same way as a firewall, but it's naive to claim that they don't improve security. The concept the author is missing is that security is a process, not a software feature. Log files address several key parts of the security process: 1. Damage containment: if someone does compromise a system, logs are your way to catch that as early as possible - the difference between, say, someone at your bank getting malware and their authorization credentials being stolen. Identifying failures can be done close to real-time so it's realistic to be able to do things like quarantine desktops which suddenly acting like botnet nodes. 2. Verifying normal functionality: things like security updates being installed and services restarted, whether your admins are following correct policy, etc. This stuff matters a lot in any large-scale environment and while you can get a lot using a security scanner, logging is faster, safer and easier in many situations. 3. Identify anomalous behaviour: the classic example is adding firewall rules to drop traffic from hosts which attempt noisy attacks but this can also apply to things like banks notifying their customers that their browser is outdated, showing signs of being compromised, etc. Having actual data makes many security decisions a LOT easier. If you want the lowest common quality video, yes. Flash video performance and quality are noticeably lower, though, so it really doesn't scale well beyond YouTube-level video. In practice, widely deployed beat better quality handily. Perhaps, but unless he signed an NDA or something it's actually pretty hard for the bank. US copyright law gives an implicit license to the recipient - and data cannot be copyrighted so reformatting would actually make that difficult. All, of course, modulo the bank's success in making it expense enough to get their way without a decisive legal position. This is the big part of Microsoft's Vista problem: without software which uses the many system-level improvements, users don't see a benefit. As long as developers are targeting XP that's not going to change - it'd probably be worth it for them simply to give away free 7 upgrades at this point just to boost demand. This is very easy to say, as someone privileged enough not to be affected by the issue, and you're making an insane leap to say that criticizing routine discrimination "is how wars start" or somehow imply that it leads to banning gay marriage. It looks like you're missing the difference between suggestion and coercion and, as far as "making others' way of life into the literary Other" goes, well, I think a great way to do that is to assume that everyone is choosing to engage in sexism rather than uncritically going along with the status quo. Other people still have problems even if you refuse to acknowledge them - and your position in life does matter simply because you've never been forced to acknowledge those problems' existence. > Don't you see that, "Women find stripping offensive, it drives them away, don't let that happen" is the same thing as "We find homosexuality offensive, we can't let that happen"? Well, sure, if you misrepresent the problem your argument looks better. Our argument is quite simple: don't demean people. Demeaning women? Bad. Demeaning gay people? Bad. Getting upset about the inability to use your religion as a justification to demean people? Tough luck. > You're assuming that the woman there are offput by the 'strippers,' and that's why they weren't attending the conference. I'm merely pointing out that that may not be the case at all. Note that no one here is saying Yahoo should be shut down, hack day stopped, etc. The only thing people are saying is that there should be a clear message that this behaviour is wrong - and that we should be encouraging everyone to recognize and refuse to participate in it. Conference strippers aren't the only reason why the gender ratios are unequal but the attitude has gone a long way towards making our field unattractive to anyone who doesn't fit a rather unenviable stereotype. Given the large number of blog, wiki and CMS engines which use the same cargo-cult security idea, it's probably considerably higher than 10%. If you're getting paid to harvest addresses, wouldn't you write a single regexp to increase the number of good addresses? There's no need to create a player; as far as the creator goes, Adobe's already released the free mxlmlc so you could simply generate ActionScript and let them compile it. The question I'd ask is whether DNS is the right place for a CDN - in some ways it seems like that should either happen at the routing level (e.g. anycast) or at the application level (e.g. http redirects to user-appropriate servers) depending on the service. "North America" includes more than the United States: http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/North_America I'd be surprised if the answer wasn't latency - this kind of server load would be easy to scale with their engineering resources and they're big on the competitive advantage of user-perceived performance. Under this definition, what happens when Theora gets enough acceptance that one of the major patent holders investigates and determines that it incorporates something they've patented - do we suddenly start calling it proprietary or do we describe it the same way we would describe H.264: "open [or closed] source implementation of a standard algorithm which has patent restrictions in some countries" I think that's a big argument for something like jQuery which takes care not to declare tons of globals or extend base classes. If the change doesn't use jQuery.noConflict() it probably should if for no reason other than avoiding any possibility of confusion when someone sees $() in code. As for extensive customizations, how much additional concern does this add? It seems unlikely that those people aren't also using admin hacks to work around the areas which didn't used to be user-serviceable so they're probably going to need to be careful about upgrades for many other reasons. This at least gives a consistent baseline and widely-used extension mechanism for future work. YouTube was't an attractive target before Google bought them (no money). Now they are but they're using H.264 and presumably a full licensed toolchain for it, defended by a lot of industry players in addition to Google's deep pockets. I hope that the VP3 heritage is truly patent free but right now it's hard to say anything is patent-safe given the wretched state of our industry. Theora, in contrast, is not defended by anyone powerful and thus far hasn't been worth going after; if it starts to get accepted I'd be surprised if one of the trolls didn't try for danegeld. Speaking of which, if you're Python savvy and want a job in the DC area either sysadmining a large Trac install or developing (mostly) Django sites we're hiring right now: https://www.indyneinc.com/employment/Employment/tabid/54/Pag... https://www.indyneinc.com/employment/Employment/tabid/54/Pag... Definitely: I stopped contributing (content and money) to Wikipedia after non-notable deletions ~2006 took out most of my contributions. At the time it was noted that it was easier to list a porn star (anything with a major distributor was automatically considered notable) than an academic who hadn't managed to get a real dead-tree newspaper article written about them (journals, awards, etc. didn't count as much as 2 paragraphs in USA Today). I hope that's changed since then but it definitely killed any interest I had in contributing more time for a uninterested editor to discard without comment. Kind of amusing given the extreme old-media bias they have for a web-based project: want to bet that a post on an NYT blog would count? Do you have top sites enabled? That's a comically inept botch (loading a 300MB image pack?) but with it disabled the difference versus Chrome is pretty minimal - it's mostly down to Chrome's ability to segregate CPU-hungry apps at that point. There are enough ugly apps on the app store that I find this argument unconvincing even if you accept the premise that this is reasonably Apple's job rather than customers choosing what to buy. This varies widely but our website code is definitely owned by NASA - they even run the version control system to make sure that other contractors don't "forget" to give it to them. We[1] have more text, a bigger video and other pictures here, too: http://science.nasa.gov/science-news/science-at-nasa/2010/21... [1] Speaking as one of the site developers, not to take credit from the scientists This already happens every day when the blame is passed through to Oracle, Gartner, etc. without any acknowledgement of the fact that, bad as the software truly is, it was selected and purchased at great cost and [usually] considerable delay by the people disclaiming responsibility. In other words, this will only be a fatal flaw if the business customers stop giving IT departments a free pass for being bad at technology. Just got around to watching it on Netflix a few weeks ago - the first movie in awhile which has kept us up talking about for nearly as long as it takes to watch. Highly recommended. If Microsoft were serious about this they'd have released a ChromeFrame-style compatibility mode when IE8 came out which would allow admins to use group policy[1] to load the old rendering engine for poorly supported (i.e. all) enterprise webapps and use the modern engine everywhere else. This is the same approach which will be necessary to address endemic security and reliability failures caused by bad architectural choices made for single-user desktops in the 90s. Since they finally shipped MED-V I suspect they'll probably use that approach and tell corporate customers that the only way to continue running IE6 is in an XP VM with some sort of on-demand launch scheme. 1. Setting an HTTP header would be easier but seems likely to allow phishers to opt-in to security holes and there's an argument that pushing the support cost off to app owners is better any way. Wouldn't it be better to exclude those requests from your stats rather than punishing your users for your choice of log analysis software? Release cycles matter: just randomly clicking through the tests, most of the reported failures for Safari or Chrome already work using WebKit or Chromium dev channel - both of which are likely to make it into official releases before IE9 comes out. This was never more than a minor delaying tactic: spammers have been capable of running JS for a long time (harvesters embedding IE via ActiveX have been around for at least a decade) but there hasn't been much pressure to do this since they still got billions of addresses which weren't obfuscated or were obtained by other means. I'll also note that I've never obfuscated my email address (chris@improbable.org) and spam arrived in roughly equal volumes there and to less public addresses which were guessable (except for test accounts created with MD5 hashes[1]). People do harvest addresses from web pages but there are enough other ways spammers get addresses that you need a robust filter in any case; once you have something like SpamAssassin or Google's filters, the value of keeping your address private disappears. [1] That also yielded the interesting datapoint that hotmail used to sell addresses to spammers in early last decade as the first spam arrived within 20 minutes to a long, random address created with the "don't publish my info" option. If you run their code in any way you're already giving them control of your system. Even if you're one of the vanishingly small number of people who use a separate admin account they're getting full control of your account if they want it. Installing a repo & apt key is a good sign that they're playing by the rules rather than trying something sneaky. There's a distinction to be made between preventing risky behaviour and relying only on a programmer's good judgement to avoid mistakes. Even if your team is solely good programmers there's a lot to be said for discouraging unsafe behaviour by default since anyone can have a bad day, distraction, etc. I view this situation as somewhat analogous to having guards on power tools: even a highly skilled operator doesn't want to rely on always doing something perfectly. After fixing that, I ran into an even more surprising error which someone had already reported - turns out a simple JavaScript closure chokes it: (function() {})(); http://code.google.com/p/closure-linter/issues/detail?id=3 I've also never seen a project where the templating engine was a noticeable part of performance. I did see one where the decision was made to switch to Jinja2 which brought a huge amount of work duplicating a bunch of existing Django template tags – which didn't make much of a difference in the face of the 8,000 database queries needed to generate a page. Even when iTunes was OS X only it felt awkward and unlike most other OS X programs. The problem is that they bought an OS 9 MP3 player (SoundJam) and have been hacking at it for years without doing the rewrite needed to get things like platform-standard UI, non-blocking I/O, etc. Any time you see a modal dialog, remember it started out on an OS which barely multitasked. Cross platform isn't an issue - Windows has equivalents for every single thing on your list, whether native or something they already ship like Apple Software Update. As far as package management goes, the problem here is that Apple simply does not care. The Mac sysadmin community has been asking for better solutions for years but it's just not a priority for Apple - even App Store updates, which theoretically are more important, have been broken[1] for something like the last 4 major iTunes releases but since it's merely clumsy and doesn't prevent sales it obviously hasn't been as important as a new version of some non-standard window controls. [1] The process is now: click on Apps. Click on "Get Updates". Click on "Get All Updates". Wait. Dismiss erroneous "The information on this page is outdated and must be refreshed" dialog. Click on Apps. Click on "Get Updates". Click on "Get All Updates". This from a UI powerhouse? The phone almost gets it right except for the gratuitous password nag. A great example of begging the question. The basic assumption is that Google's UIs are unpopular without any evidence that this is true; given the wide popularity among the people I know (even the designers) I think it'd be more accurate to say that Google is successfully producing clean, functional designs and not even attempting web design contest entries. UI is more than looking pretty - gmail is popular because it stays out of the way and lets you focus on content, which it handles quite well; in contrast, iTunes increasingly feels like a train-wreck because they swap icons without fixing any of the quirky behaviours and non-standard interface conventions which users must memorize. It was also a confusing comparison because a UI for managing a tightly-curated, highly-structured list containing on average a few thousand items pre-selected by the user isn't obviously relevant to arbitrarily searching across billions of unknown items. It'd be cool the feature which does that in iPhoto and Aperture worked better - it's not bad, and the Facebook integration is nice, but it's definitely still more work than it could be. It also has no real support, even at the enterprise level[1]. At MacWorld 2009, the entire Mac IT speakers track agreed that their best move had been switching all of their servers to Linux, hands-down, simply because Apple isn't interested in being a serious player in the server space. If you're a small design shop, yeah, an XServe is probably going to be fine but if your needs are any more serious this is a lot of risk to take for generally more expensive servers. [1] Simple example: 10.5.2 broke NFS permissions so non-owners could not write to files. The phone support could do nothing about this and we had two choices: wait months for the next fix, patch darwin ourselves and run with a custom kernel (i.e. completely unsupported), or use a different server. The situation's not much better on the hardware side. I'd be very curious in seeing a comparison with JPEG-XR, which has a number of nice advantages for photography. It's great for learning and playing with algorithms, particularly since you would save so much time which would otherwise be consumed with low-level details that you'd have a much better understanding of the overall program function when the time came to optimize. There's a real forest-for-the-trees problem optimizing something like C first. Alternately, if Microsoft had consulted with designers and users, and been less hostile to the concept of standards those features would actually have been used. At the time, however, they were in full strangulation mode and things like directly porting truly horrid Windows APIs (all DirectX features, drag and drop, rich text editing, etc.) was considered a feature because it made it much harder for anyone else to implement those for a competing browser or platform. The Web basically lost a decade thanks to browser vendors, particularly Microsoft, trying lock-in games. The OSS browsers are the only thing which saved it since none of the old corporate players valued quality or performance as much as market-share (and, consequently, OS licenses or advertising). US banks are so far in the past security-wise that it'll take aeons for them to adopt something like OAuth; most of them haven't even managed things like using email or telephone calls responsibly. What end-user Java applications are there for OS X? The only one which comes to mind is Crashplan but I'm sure it's lurking around in other places. PIN length is the wrong area to focus on. The two questions to ask are whether they block failed guesses and require out of band confirmation for major actions like transferring funds. Oh, goodie, another Google service I can't use until it works with a Google Apps account. Looks like they really need to fix Google Profiles… I've done the same: I'm just shocked by how badly broken the google apps support still is (no profiles or youtube while logged in, even with multiple accounts enabled?), given that they have actual paying customers using google apps. But not anywhere near what we see: BeOS on my 1999-era system handily trumped Linux, Windows or Mac OS on 2010 hardware (non-SSD) when it came to interactive performance, solely because it had a better I/O scheduler. Back then, I could surf the web without being constantly reminded that I had Mozilla compiling & DV streaming off of a camera; today I'm regularly reminded that work is happening in the background. This isn't to say that there aren't real limits or that BeOS was perfect (far from it) but simply that there's considerable room for improvement before we start hitting theoretical limits. My first reaction: your Django app was deployed / configured wrong and you should have tried … More correct, second reaction: deploying Java apps can be more enterprisey (depending on how much of the J2EE stack you're laboring under) but at least has well-known production-quality deployment options. This is an area where the community could use some serious consolidation. Anyone buying Xserves was already irked. OS X just isn't there QA-wise or support-wise (oh, gee, wasn't it cute when they broke NFS permissions until the next release?) for anything like a traditional server role. It's just not a priority for Apple except where it was a necessity for selling Mac clients. Standard rules for patent trolls: that'll happen later. They're going after little guys now so they can go into a case like that and claim that their patent must be good - just look at how many other companies paid up! You know, having used the web extensively since JavaScript was called LiveScript, I've never had a security issue where blocking JavaScript would have helped. Plugins, yes, using IE and ActiveX a thousand times yes but the only problems JavaScript has caused have been annoyances like ads. The reason is simple: JavaScript actually has a security model and browsers are one of the few bits of software with widely used update systems; plugins and most other applications are much easier targets (all of that juicy native code not coded defensively) and drift horribly out of date. So, yes, put me firmly on the list of people who find NoScript 70% PR, 20% clunk UI, and 10% meaningful improvement. Something like Chrome's sandbox and click-to-play will actually make a noticeable benefit for the web because it'll actually be used - and even that's somewhat minor since we're still losing the user education battle where most exploits are actively assisted by the user. Upvote just for being confident enough to mention that - everyone has an embarrassing learning experience like that in their history. Am I missing something? You just load a placeholder image and then after page load (or hitting a certain document scroll position or …) you alter the img src to point at the desired image. The main trick is avoiding making this jerky, which might really be more of a case of a single placeholder and then generating images on the fly as appropriate for the form-factor. That statement isn't strictly true as raganwald pointed out but it's also too broad: the current OOP item makes a far more defensible position: "...in the sense that we are still writing lots of new OO code instead of just plugging together reusable objects to design new systems". Using OOP to cleanly contain related code and data is far more defensible than the decades of claims that programmers would just plug things together like lego bricks, which is finally dying out but has left behind a wasteland of overly-ambitious projects which will never be used by more than one project but all carry the burden of trying to be as general as Java. Exactly as well as OpenID, only it's a much better understood problem and avoids a ton of confusion? Does the OSS community mean you or other people whose time you don't have to pay for? Open source works by volunteering and yet I don't see many people stepping up to work on an alternative. Are there any plans to offer test VM images as with previous versions? Argh, conflicts with django-district. I guess it's nice that there are so many local groups but it's exhausting my free evenings. I think some of it is simply a lag in market adjustment: older managers/corporate culture tend to have pre-internet habits about hiring like the assumption that recruiters are necessary to find good candidates and frequently the system is structured in a way which complicates getting people without going through a recruiter. The root problem is that many places don't measure performance and so you get the same problems which are endemic in marketing where successes are credited to people but failures are seen as systemic. At the last few places, our recruiters literally failed to provide a single qualified candidate (or even strong resume) but this was usually excused as a tough market - and while good people are always in short supply, taking the 30% cut which normally goes to the recruiter and giving it to the person would certainly help. Thanks - I've been wanting to test IE9 but the lack of XP compatibility prevented me from using it on the only VM OS I have. I'd love images which work on VMware or VirtualBox (or are at least have a license allowing conversion) for Mac users Your general point is true and worth repeating but that's a very weak example: pets.com and the rest of the bubble companies were overhyped by speculators for business reasons and failed for reasons which have very little to do with the technology which they happened to use. In that particular example, having had some professional interactions with some of their senior web developers makes me inclined to say that they were if anything tech-starved rather than dominated. Nice - how closely have you looked at yotaa.com? They seem to be doing a very similar play but are further along with UI and with testing from multiple locations. The flip-side is that anyone who needs to do reporting, aggregation, etc. is going to spend a lot of time reinventing stock behaviour while their competitors focus on building new features. Those competitors are more likely to get to the point where they have the relative luxury of deciding how to handle large numbers of users because they actually have them. It's also useful once you get out of trivial shell-scripts and need things like sane error handling or data structures, shell chains or escaping, etc. I wrote something like pdsh in the early 2000s in Perl and almost always used it to launch scripts written in a real programming language for any non-trivial task - e.g. even that yum command gets tricky if there's any possible interactive prompting going on or you want to parse output. Here's Fabric's parallelism ticket: http://code.fabfile.org/issues/show/19 CentOS users are basically free-loading, though, so if this bothers them they'd probably be better switching to a pure-community effort like Debian. If they're using CentOS because their company uses it, their boss can also pony up for some Red Hat licenses if they encounter problems. Open source != support. CentOS is using GPLed code, which is perfectly fine, but they have not reason to expect Red Hat to help them support it or otherwise do anything other than release changes. In this case, the value added by CentOS is relatively small - mostly hosting - and so it's not particularly persuasive when people complain about Red Hat, which currently provides considerably more to the community even without detailed change logs. I wish I had more than one upvote for this: swimming against a trend like that never works out well. I'm trying not to sound like a troll here but: why are you comfortable buying DRM time-bombs in fragile plastic form? I think Apple or Amazon's DRM servers are equally likely to be viable 10 years from now. I hope you have backups of those blu-ray discs: even assuming the media doesn't get lost, disappear in a fire, flood, etc. it has a limited lifespan before the media deteriorates. The manufacturers quote lifetimes which are far in excess of what's actually been verified - and that's for professionally produced media, not the home burners which generally use less durable media. Our guidelines recommend a 5 year lifecycle for archived media: http://digitalpreservation.gov/you/ That's conservative but at times I'm inclined to give up on tape, disc, etc. and simply say that you shouldn't rely on anything which isn't online and regularly verified (e.g. ZFS scrubs or manual checksum validation) - and since Blu-Ray hasn't sold particularly well combined with general consumer electronics trends makes me hesitant to say that you should assume easy access to a compatible drive over a decade from now. The real question is simply whether the estimated longevity of a Blu Ray disc is greater than the estimated longevity of one of the major online video vendors. I'm not sure I'd bet against the physical media deteriorating or drives requiring replacement or upgrades before then - and since it's usually cost-neutral across the form-factors, there's a temptation to bet on software lasting longer than hardware. That's why I stopped using PHP outright as well - after several inarguable bugs were just punted on, it became apparent that the core developers did not care and were not seriously interested in outside help. Even bow in the post-DVCS world, nothing kills a project faster than someone realizing that they're going to have to fork the whole thing if they want it to work. So rather than click once to install your internal CA you'd prefer to click once for every new site you add? Yes, they're a self-described IT tabloid. It can be entertaining but usually falls short. "Out of nowhere"? One of the perennial topics of the mid to late 90s was the idea that Perl needed major fixes to remove common pitfalls (e.g. the object model, syntax warts (nested structures are just horrid), etc) and be more suitable for large projects. Years passed. Perl 6 was talked about. Years passed. Nothing happened. People gave up and moved on. The same thing's happened to PHP - years of broken things not being fixed eventually causes people to distrust the language's future and prevented it from moving into new niches. Lisp is more complex, with far more redeeming features, but by now it shares the same failed-promise challenge: I've been writing software for a couple decades, so I missed out on the early history of Lisp, but for most of that time I've kept hearing about how great it is and how it'll soon be as productive as the inferior languages people actually use to get work done - and that point's always been in the future, never the present. Clojure is the only potential exception which I see to that and, to be honest, a large part of that would be due to the Java community's foundation. If you run their client you've already made the decision to trust them to behave responsibly. The rest of this discussion is simply about obfuscation. Not nearly as often as I type actual code or need to think about something. Plus in normal usage it's "g " since I have shell history searching. They'll drop support once the costs become significant relative to the number of users. Right now, older IE versions have a much higher cost due to being built on an antique rendering engine - Firefox 3.6 is generally far less expensive unless you actually depend on certain more recent features because it wasn't missing support for so many basic features (e.g. think of the impact on your CSS without something like inline-block versus, say, box-shadow). It's a hard problem because there are many different things which can cause downtime: S3 is simple and redundant but also limited so they constrain the engineering problem to something manageable. If you need anything more complex than delivering static content, you have to spend the effort thinking about what's important to you and how you're comfortable spending and/or compromising to meet that reliability goal. The answers for this tend to be pretty specific to your business needs and tech stack. They could get the same thing by simply reading Amazon's recommendations and having EC2 servers in multiple regions as well. Most people either don't need reliability or failed to plan for it - the only difference with EC2 is that it's easier to add redundancy when you don't have to deal with physical hardware, network connections, etc. httplib2 is part of why you should use requests: it's far more respectable as a client but not as well documented and it still takes way too much code for basic operations. I appreciate what httplib2 is trying to do, that there's a ton of hard low-level annoyances in building a modern HTTP client, but really, just use requests instead. Kenneth Reitz is very motivated and he gets the degree to which simple things should be simple whereas httplib2 feels more like an academic exercise than something people should use to build production systems[1]. Disclosure: I'm listed in the requests AUTHORS file but can claim credit for, oh, about 0.0001% of the awesomeness. 1. http://code.google.com/p/httplib2/issues/detail?id=96 is a good example: an annoying bug which affect many people, there was a fix available for months, which worked great when I applied it in a fork and pounded a couple TB of data through it, but it took over a year to make it into trunk and even longer to make it onto PyPI where any other project which required "httplib2" would get the working version. DTrace and ZFS are both great and lack competitive alternatives on Linux. For years, the horrid state of Solaris' userland made it hard to justify order-of-magnitude support increases but this lets you use the best parts without having to suffer through things like a system-destroying package updater[1] simply to get a reliable filesystem. 1. At a previous employer, we bought Sun compute nodes. Nice hardware, arrived with Solaris 10 preinstalled. Each time we got a new shipment I'd get them racked and see if the updater wouldn't render the system unbootable after the first run. Second reboot was always to the Debian installer. We had great experiences with NetApp's products and support but it was priced accordingly. In many cases, yes, because you can only afford gold-plated storage for your most important apps. No one is questioning that it's better, just whether it makes sense to conflate a still unfortunately hypothetical system with something immediately available. Until the US financial system starts taking security seriously, I can't force them to switch to token-based auth but I can start using a password manager. I also find the distinction above almost meaningless for webapps: if an attacker has privileged access, you're screwed. Maybe they can't make actions while you're not logged in but they can hijaack the session and control everything you see each time you do login. Using a more trustworthy client is your only realistic option until banks start requiring one-time codes for every transaction. It's a facile dismissal - exactly the kind of fanboy behaviour you're accusing others of engaging in. "Oh, it's just the brand" claims imply that the speaker a) either doesn't understand or is ignoring the relationship between correlation and causation and b) appears to think complex decisions are binary. I think you just proved my point: your specific reasons for not buying Apple products aren't universal. Other people who don't have your particular software requirements (probably 90% of people in the web-centric era) aren't going to weigh those downsides so highly when comparing price, battery life, hardware quality, available software, etc. - all areas where Android, et al. are struggling to keep up. Saying "it's about the brand" is too simple because it could mean "Buzz / clinging to past glory" (i.e. the Sony strategy) or "well earned reputation for producing products people like" and heavily papering over the reasons in the latter case. "90s database technology" in the sense that it's hard to work with and the support costs are unnecessarily high. The protocol is hard to work with - which makes debugging less appealing and thus most people avoid trying - and no server I've seen with the arguable exception ActiveDirectory has well-designed logging for typical sysadmin needs. Beyond that everyone other than Microsoft uses the OpenLDAP code, which has a number of basic errors and rough-edges. slapd has numerous deadlock conditions and the only backend which doesn't have a low risk of corrupting your data (MySQL) is discouraged. The client libraries had basic design failures for aeons - the most glaring being the assumption that the network is perfect and will never drop or delay packets (timeouts are checked after blocking operations return, which takes several days due to retries at multiple levels). This means that OS X, Linux, FreeBSD, etc. clients will become unusable if your LDAP server is less than perfect - and since slapd deadlocks under normal use, this will occur sporadically. The developers were largely in denial about this - my patch to set SO_RCVTIMEO / SO_SNDTIMEO was ignored with unproven claims that this would magically work in the bleeding-edge trunk version (untrue then, could have changed now) but the libpam-ldap maintain is more conscientious so the similar patch there was accepted a couple years ago so at least Linux clients actually attempt to failover. #1 and #6 are increasingly solvable using CSS and they are, of course, completely possible using SVG or canvas depending on what else you're doing. The libraries need some serious work to be more consistent - after battling font embedding inconsistencies and bugs I really wanted to use CSS. I liked a couple parts of AS3 but … the toolchain so horribly broken that at this point I wouldn't consider Flash unless Adobe gives me a free upgrade from CS3 to something where the "debugger" doesn't crash frequently and things like breakpoints actually work. I'd tend to think $800+ should get you remotely near feature-comparable with current browser debugger. Basically this is a long way of saying that point #2 is a huge drawback from my perspective because Flash is integrated but none of the individual components are as good as what competition's producing in the open world and Adobe's been very slow to try fixing years of platform neglect. The problem is a massive network effect: almost everything supports LDAP - even Active Directory uses LDAP under the hood - and so there's a real network effect working against attempts to introduce something simpler. I was half-tempted to say "Facebook" since I'd lay even odds that LDAP won't be replaced by a similar network protocol rather than something which brings other selling points to increase the benefit of switching, and indeed it's becoming more and more common to use web-based authentication systems so that might be the eventual successor. Something like ldap.js does seem like a good compromise: using a real database and a modern implementation without so much legacy baggage would probably be the best bet as you wouldn't be forced to upgrade every client just to get a working server. Suing won't always help but the best thing which could happen for US capitalism is for some of the large banks to fail and be broken up, with lawsuits against their former managers. If there is to be suing, hope it goes large enough to act as a deterrent against fraud and gross incompetence - the government certainly isn't stepping into this role… I'd support this more if they weren't using https - since the user's going to run it anyway, there's no real advantage over any other means of getting this file onto their system. Well-known http:// urls are worse since they allow interesting spoofing attacks if they become popular. In other words, you missed the point entirely: this is more continued evidence-free speculation, complete with hand-wave theorization that there has been a gender-based task division matching the dominant Western religious-driven socialization for hundreds of thousands of years when we have no data for more than a small percentage of that period and considerable evidence that the proposed specialization wasn't globally true even during that small period of time where we do have data. It's highly likely that there are measurable differences in the capabilities between male and female brains but neuroscience is very far from being able to explain anything high-level enough to start speculating about the complex skills relevant to these discussions: say, hypothetically, that we found evidence suggesting male brains tend to be 10% faster at detecting the path of a fast moving object or recognizing orientation of geometric shapes - does that tell you anything about someone's ability to write a research paper or debug a program? The other major confound is that many people rely on MRI data to support claimed differences and even assuming that the technology is precise enough and the relevant brain structures well understood enough (neither of which is really true) all that will tell you is what the brain looks like now, not why: children who play the piano extensively will have different brain structure but it's from years of practice causing hypertrophy, not because there's a pianist gene pre-ordaining that they would be good performers. Finally, "Evolution put those differences in brain structure for a reason" demonstrates a fundamental misunderstanding of the mechanism: there are many, many examples of things which exist by accident (e.g. the crazy design of our eyes) or because they're connected to something which is beneficial enough to compensate for the drawbacks. Also note that there are intermediate levels: we used to send tech support & systems engineers out rather than the core developers. They were used to talking to customers, knew enough to answer most questions and when they didn't could generate ensure that the question going back was well formed and went to the right person. I realize evolutionary psychology is exciting but it's also very dubious as science because it isn't predictive or falsifiable in most cases. This speculation is what you're calling "application of theory". If you want to claim scientific credibility, do some actual neuroscience with a testable experiment producing hard data quantifying the exact degree to which differences in the size of certain structures is heritable and the effects it had on high-level cognition. This is a lot harder than ret-conning sexism on the Internet and it would be worth contemplating why close to half of the scientists actually doing this work are doing so despite being female. Regarding my point on high-level differences: "high-level" simply means anything using more than a simple circuit - walking is a high-level activity and talking is an extraordinarily high one because you have everything from motor control to language and abstract thought driving it. Any high-level activity is based on low-level functions, yes, but there are always multiple strategies to solve problems and the brain is notoriously adaptable (this is how e.g. congenitally blind people end up using the visual cortex for other tasks) You've reduced your timeframe by an order of magnitude but are still clinging to this hunter/gatherer gender divide which is unsupported by evidence. This Disney history, not anthropology. There is considerable evidence that gender divides were less pronounced prior to the rise of agriculture - and that almost nobody got the majority of their calories from hunting; certainly many women hunted and fished as well - it's almost never about pure brute force (a better tracker is going to trump a muscular lummox every time). Finally, remember how MRI works: it tells you where millions of neurons were using oxygen in the recent past. It doesn't tell you why, distinguish between the highly specified types of neurons, or allow you to see patterns in behavior. It's still a useful tool but you should think of it like comparing programs by dividing a CPU in quadrants and measuring the average heat in each area after running the programs for awhile. Finally: you still ascribe purpose to evolution. If something didn't kill you before you reproduce, there's little pressure to remove it. Arthritis is common but hardly selected for. > > This is a lot harder than ret-conning sexism on the Internet > "ret-conning"? Do you mean retroactive continuity? In what way does that apply to anything I wrote? Is that an accusation of sexism on the part of an argument that advocates the possibility of innate gender differences? Evolutionary psychology is a useful thought exercise but it fails to produce many falsifiable hypotheses, mostly due to the combination of limited historical evidence and the inability to conduct experiments. What this means in practice is that you should be skeptical of claims that existing social customs exist because of biology in the absence of strong evidence that such biological differences exist, have the stated effect and are not explained by other means. Any neuroscientist will tell you that there are differences between male and female brains (really, it's more accurately caused hormone levels which that simple gender binary doesn't accurately express); they will also tell you that there's insufficient understanding how these low-level differences affect higher level abilities (reading, logic, etc.). This doesn't mean that there aren't effects but rather that anyone who's trying to use this in support of traditional Western gender roles is significantly in advance of what the evidence supports. > > This Disney history, not anthropology. I actually expected a response like this. I'm using "males go hunting" and "females tend to the family at home" imagery so it must be a cartoonish simplification, right? The fact that the remainder of your paragraph went on to accept that your original argument was, in fact, over-simplified suggests that it was. Again, nobody is arguing that men tend to be stronger but that doesn't tell you much about daily life, what the average person ate or how their children were raised. Since there are many examples of cultural differences in all of these areas, I submit that this cannot be so broadly described. > As does "hundreds of thousands of years ago". The two overlap. No change of time-frames. I stand by my earlier observation that 100,000 and 10,000 are an order of magnitude apart. This is actually of some significance as we have extremely little information for human life 100,000 years ago and even 10,000 years is still paltry; by the time you get into areas where we have much information about daily life (how would we be able to tell if it were common for men and women to hunt and gather together 100k years ago?), particularly at a level sufficient to shed any light at all on division of labor, socialization is already a major factor confounding any biological arguments. > Not that that has anything to do with the accusation that I ascribe purpose to evolution, of which you provided no evidence. See the previous paragraph, where you repeated it again. You cannot simply look at something's existence and conclude that it has been specifically selected for. It's highly likely that some minor differences might simply be due to things like different hormone levels at various points which trigger different, worthwhile changes; similarly since human brains take years to develop it's also hard to separate out the effects of practice. Adults who grew up without exposure to written text have significant differences in their brain structure which are entirely social but brain imaging can't tell you why. Going back to the topic, there are e.g. studies finding early gender preferences for colors but none of them can say how much is innate and how much is learned. Since this has dragged on far too long, I'm going to leave a final summary of my position: 1. Our understanding of how the brain works is still quite limited, particularly when it comes to complex behaviour. 2. We have relatively little historical data beyond the last few thousand years, making general statements of any sort hard to support. We simply don't have the data. 3. Because humans are such social animals and we don't do experiments on our young, it's extremely difficult to avoid confounds due to socialization. In particular, many questions are going to have problems determining causation. 4. Scientific claims are held to a high standard: hard data, falsifiability, predictiveness, etc. All of this means that attempts to explain complex behaviour in terms of innate biology are decades ahead of scientific support. It can be interesting to discuss and could possibly even motivate people to advance the science to answer some of these questions but it's premature to call any of it science. At least 10 seconds, although in fairness I've used Windows since 3.0 without any of the above and have yet to experience a problem because of it. It's just not a suitable configuration for the average user. It was a game: I'd give almost certain odds this was an intentional copy-protection/anti-cheating scheme.