To use English seemed to be easier than to use native language. First you know your native language. Then you need to learn programming. Programming uses symbols which don't make sense - except as concepts in programming. So you just learn that "while" is a loop with condition, and "print" makes letters appear on the screen. "While" doesn't, for example, associate with time, only with condition; "print" doesn't evoke images of a printing machines, newspapers or anything else. No semantic confusion whatsoever; to the contrary, if that would be written in the native language, it would immediately bring associations, which may be unwanted. A few comments to above. Some words are already used in the language, so, knowing how a certain combination of English letters is pronounced, one still gets some associations. "Function" is a rather international word, for example (brought into English from another language?). Next, learning first some programming helps with learning later English itself. For many words first associations remain related to computers; e.g., "performance" (though not widely used in programming languages, but it is used in technical manuals) is first for a processor, not for an actor on the scene. In pure functional programming, so well mentioned in some PG's articles, you have only functions - no numbers. You can make numbers from functions, though. Then, you may have a basis - a set of functions which are sufficient to represent arbitrarily complex algorithm, i.e., Turing complete set; see here - http://dkeenan.com/Lambda/ . Such a set may consist from only one function. So, the whole program is a structure of calling that function. Writing down such a program, we obviously don't need to write the function - it comes by default; we only need to write the structure, which can be represented by ( and ) . In a different way, than what I see here, but still - one bit per parenthesis, very simple processor, lots of memory and lots of steps for simple operations - a Turing tarpit... Just last week I've practiced "I don't understand" again. Now I don't particularly like jeopardizing my position at work, but looks like that question wasn't met well. A manager running the meeting (plans for next year) frowned upon a person who seems to be not understanding what he was talking before. In retrospect, I might missed some explanations - didn't quite get them at the time he gave them, possibly didn't pay enough attention - but that was the reason for my question! The matter was important to "get". Hard to say if the annoyance was justified... but the result is this question may also backfire, even if it shouldn't. Idiots include also that vocal part of population longing for - and getting - Nobel prizes. One ought to realize how different SU was in 20s, 50s, even 70s from Russia today. People in SU thought about themselves and their country very similarly as it is in US now - the most progressive country, and of course, the smartest and overall best people. Little doubt about that. Tokens were much more serious then - in US one says "if you smart, you should be rich", in SU it was "if you're good, you can perhaps show an Order" - and they weren't easy to get. Imagine the life in the South, pictured in "Gone with the wind", without slavery - because almost everybody was in the same conditions - and stimulus responses will be different. Again, what use would be for a pile of cash in SU? Not much - you can't buy proportionally, since the whole economy is targeted to "regular people", and you'd get people looking at you funny pretty soon. https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Second_Constitutional_Conventi... GA144, from Green Arrays, is a chip which is very good for space applications - computational power, energy efficiency, predictability, versatility, radiation tolerance... Yet after a year and a half on the market there is still no sensible C compiler for it. I doubt "C is as close as you can get to WYSIWYG" is always entirely correct. You bet. The problem of getting to orbit was solved "somehow" in 1950's, with emphasis on reliability, then terminal control optimized the result some decades later, when the hardware became available... But the basic task is still way below capabilities of even modest modern computers. Space X may afford to have quite a bit of redundancy. J is one of the underappreciated gems among programming languages. Everybody talks about languages which are Lisp successors, but when it comes to shortening the path from the thought to the code, J gives something to pause and think about. I did, almost twice. First time it was a home-grown layer on top of the DBMS (MS SQL Server at the time). After an investment we've got a requirement to switch to Oracle. We anticipated that (or something like it) when designing the system, so it went smoothly. Second time it was using MySQL from Sun workstations, with the idea of eventually switching to Oracle. That's why "almost" - we knew about the requirement in advance, so we didn't create hard dependencies on MySQL. Yet we didn't constantly test our system vs. Oracle either. Admittedly the latest of these happened more than 10 years ago. Among other things NK-33 has completely redesigned turbopump comparing to NK-15. The pump believed to be the major cause of problems with NK-15. According to "3. Deficient research skills / Chronically poor knowledge of the platform's features", "Re-inventing or laboring without basic mechanisms" is a bad thing. I don't think so. I routinely work on a carefully chosen subset of a (big) language/platform, having benefits of such an approach - both immediate (stable compilers, proven patterns) and long-term (better maintainability by somebody who's not an expert in all facets of the language/platform). One of the tricks is to have what you're doing - or what you're going to do - really small. This way you don't have enough time to become bored. For this approach to work, you need to be able to split meaningful projects into still somewhat meaningful, fun enough but small subprojects. Another thing is that for many projects you're starting it understanding that you won't finish it - in one piece of time. You're going to start, progress, reflect on it, do some more - then put it on the shelf for a while. And this is ok. This allows you to actually boldly start projects which you know you won't finish - again, in one chunk. For example, I also took several courses on Coursera etc. and dropped then after a couple of weeks. But they are still high in my priorities - as soon as I can/want/return to the same subject of interest, I come back to the courses, reading the material, watching videos and even doing homework. This at least allows me, when taking that course second time (if I need to - usually I don't, the primary reason is knowledge, not the certificate) to feel right at home. I'd say, don't throw away that list of ideas you developed while working on something - but check it, choose perhaps something out of it for the new list, may be you're still interested in some projects mentioned there. And... you still have to be persistent at times. Don't worry - it's a source of great feeling when you actually finish something non-trivial - and only you know how hard it was, and you really learned things from that - and you know you're better because of that. I wonder - why not to make an empty plastic shell similar to a human in form? Uncanny valley? Similarly, why now to make empty heads - possibly custom-made, for each person who's going to use the robot? May be it's a design question. The torso shouldn't be human-like, but the idea is to make it - less ugly, subjectively? - than a stick with an iPad on it. Yes, it somehow should avoid being confused with robot - so may be it shouldn't look like a stereotypical robot. I agree that everything has a price; the question is, is it justified by perceived improvement in looks. To me, a Segway with a stick looks odd, especially in a company of a few people walking somewhere. Something more resembling "a figure" could likely improve the perception. A head model could both make easier to realize who you're talking to - I guess this can be useful - and also improve overall looking. I agree that it's also not as easy - and reconfigurable - as just having an iPad. It seems to me there is a potential for improvements. See http://www.jsoftware.com/papers/tot.htm . Then you probably know that already. The link is rather for those who seeks tools "to work with the speed of thought". Different languages claim achievement of different grades of "if you can state the problem in the language, you're done", but APL family does that with its own flavor of elegance. Quite a direct story. And it's hard to find that line where further advancements suddenly become unwelcome. I guess the advice "know your limits" is what we have. "There are also no moving parts anywhere on Gaia. Even the antenna to communicate with Earth has been designed to point electronically, not mechanically." Good, but on the next line... "And if the satellite does need to make fine adjustments, it has been equipped with thrusters that can squirt just 1.5 micrograms of nitrogen gas a second." Is there really no moving parts on Gaia? Hmmm, they could try to use the Earth magnetic field for orientation; I guess the microthrusters were better... P.S. And saying "accuracy of about seven micro-arcseconds for the nearest stars" is a little bit inkorrect. Piezoelectric actuator still relies on a mechanical motion. It has to be - the idea of nitrogen nozzle is to have a storage of nitrogen under some pressure in a closed volume, and to be able to open that volume to let some gas out. That opening has to be mechanical - unless they use some exotic force fields to keep nitrogen from escaping, in which case it's hardly a (regular) nitrogen thruster anymore. Flexing is still a motion. That, however, can be compensated with an opposite motion in another gas channel. If other parts of satellite can bend on demand, they'd need an actuator or, alternatively, one can use Earth magnetic fields to reorient the spacecraft and let external forces affect it unevenly, thus providing bending. This, however, is outside of the scope of the article. So, to summarize - either secondary subsystems on Gaia are quite unconventional, or the article isn't quite precise. There is a saying in Russia that if you aren't satisfied with what government officials do, go and sue them. Mikhail Pukhov, "The way to Earth". https://kon-tiki.appspot.com/lunolet1/doc/package-summary.ht... Here is a cool screensaver about Buran: http://buran.ru/htm/scr_en.htm Western media is used to accuse Soviet system in technology copying. However sometimes the accusations go a little bit too far. Particularly in the aerospace area it would be naive to deny the Soviets their prowess - with Buran, which differs significantly from the Shuttle (see the article above), with Tu-144, which flew before Concord, not to mention today's half-broken Soviet-era technology which manages to lift about half of world space payloads to orbit and provides West with rocket technology - RD-180 for Atlas, NK-33 for Antares etc. How Tu-144 could be spied if it flew earlier? Buran was copied in shape and in overall capabilites, once on orbit, for the reasons mentioned. Buran wasn't copied both internally and on the launcher side - so we might say Buran copied some things, but had others originally developed. Soviets were great copiers, in many areas - and in many others there weren't where to copy from. They had to develop great many things themselves. I'd like to correct - Energia didn't have solid boosters; the four strap-ons were considered the first stage and burned LOX/kerosene in RD-170. RD-170 has 2 axis of thrust vectoring for each chamber, and RD-171 - the variant used in Zenit rockets - has 1 axis of thrust vectoring (the tangential one). You probably mean contributing in the dollar amount, but that's hardly the scale I'd choose to measure it by. To choose the shape, the easier path was taken: this one works, so let's safely do the same. That doesn't mean that the choice wasn't analyzed and justified, not that aerodynamic testing wasn't done - for examples, picture here - http://buran.ru/htm/history.htm - show the evolution of the overall architecture, where the Shuttle scheme was just one of the considered factors. That's the same with all planes, ships and cars in general. At a glance they all look the same. We're discussing which projects were original developments and which were follow-ons. The criteria you mention opens doors to wild speculation concerning shortcomings of very many projects on both sides of the Iron Curtain. Well, the point is that it's a common belief the thing A was stolen, not developed independently, and in practice for a state of the art technical achievement you usually already have to be pretty damn good just to be able to copy verbatim, not to mention to have substantial advantages. I won't say Concord was copied from Tu-144. Similarly, I wouldn't say soviet electronics was just a rip-off; there were enough original works even outside of the relatively well known BESM-6 project. Even to copy chips in 1980-s it takes you to have the necessary technology for reverse engineering - something I doubt any country ever had on that scale, at least at the time. Especially having more than one space station at the same time. There were Mir and Salut-7, with cosmonauts flying between them, and there were Mir and ISS - without such flights, since they were in the different orbital planes. I also happen to think the Soviet moon project was about 80% complete. No showable results, though - which allowed to deny the very existence of the project - but at least the hardware heritage is still there in the flying systems. I'm, of course, interested in arguments with some base to them. Wikipedia marks the section as "disputed" and mentions that stolen (if) were the preliminary designs. Again, you have to know a lot to have use of plans like that - especially when the design is a moving target. Yes, but also about Blok-D - the fifth stage of N1-L3 stack - being used on Proton and Zenit today for launching telecom sats to GEO, and also about Soyuz spacecraft - which got a lot of development in preparation for Moon flights. Remember Apollo-1. And also Energia is working on the PTK NP project. If you know the physical pixel density, SVG image can maintain its physical size on different devices. Now try to do that with PNG... I think PNG and SVG inherently solve somewhat different problems in the realm of image representation, so there are going to be cases where each of them has the clear upper hand. However, with pixel density going up and file sizes and network bandwidth not being the limiting factors in many cases, I'd guess SVG will command increasingly bigger share of uses. Hm, even more so than Mercury? You might be right, though; hard to judge. Both sides were definitely in a hurry with designs. Scott Adams can likely teach a robot to laugh. And to make jokes. Well done. Indium isn't a rare earth element, is it? I think winged spacecrafts will allow more reliable, and therefore economical flights. This one is particularly interesting, as the shape which flew in 1980's is still considered to be one of the most promising. This would make awesome reusable first stage for orbital launches. Provided, of course, other air launch problems could be solved. Are you sure that it isn't something somehow related to Facebook which makes those site to use Facebook login, and not, say, its own? I find strange the assumption that bytecode is bigger than the source. It's not true for many programs and many languages. Since we have interpretation phase anyway, it would be interesting to try to optimize for size and speed of interpretation or pre-compilation. I see the point; but I don't think it has enough justification. Something evolutionary successful isn't always globally perfect - rather it's most probable along the path from there to here. JavaScript may stay long with us. Or - as sometimes happens - it could be eclipsed in few years, as happened with technologies and paradigms before. Say, guessing correctly on technologies in use in 2000, sitting in 1990, would be quite hard. Not that "more direct approach" of defining bytecode and standardizing should always be better. With ideas disruptive enough many bets are off. Because the research will take a significant part of the project time. Once the thorough research is done - third-party libraries are verified (that they do what's needed, and not too buggy), prototypes are written (to confirm libraries and internal dependencies work as expected), proof-of-concepts are run (to actually see that it's possible for a reasonable effort), time is measured (to confirm the way to go), interfaces are clarified (as part of the research, specifically, in the architecture department), results are estimated (basing on all results above), specifications are formalized (and agreed upon) - there is an awful lot less of what to do. "Developer estimates are regularly off because they seldom impact the developer directly." I think I most disagree with this. Developers, in my experience, are quite often asked to leave the company after such estimates. It's good to have a template - it helps not to forget things - but it is inherent in the work to have unknowns. Large unknowns. A good consultant would probably refuse to work on a project which would require him to use several major technologies which aren't familiar to him, but developer in a company may not have such a luxury as selecting a kind of a project. If you're really good at estimates, try to play that you can keep not only the final delivery, but also the partial ones. Something like "you can be sure I'll get 100% done because you can check when 10% is going to be done". Sure it's not a guaranteed sale - and it's harder to keep both partial estimates and totals, comparing to only totals - but it's still something. Our experiences obviously differ. Usually it goes like this - the developer gives his best estimate (which is, by the way, hard by itself - a lot of things has to be taken into account), and that estimate is considered too high. So the developer is ordered - in one form or another - to, effectively, "do it faster". Often it's by cutting corners in places deemed least important - but then it also reduces probability of the correct estimate overall. One more thing - specifications are quite rarely are good enough - there are other reasons why that's the case - and the final result causes management to wonder, why it doesn't include this, of why that works this clumsy way. So nobody's happy - and developer pays the price. It may look as the developer isn't good at writing software... because "writing software" is a sort of encompassing figure. With a bit of tongue-in-cheek... 1. Data networks It's an open question of using WiFi as the universal carrier - we're not at that point yet; but it's not a question of using existing GSM networks. It's going to be hard for carriers to deny, after some point, minutes to paying customers. 2. The cost of entry - OS, cloud store, apps This happened time and again. Remember when Linux has appeared on the stage? Seen porting projects, like Wine, PetrOS, Mono? Realize that Android was built not from scratch, at least concerning interfaces? Second time is almost always cheaper - and in our times, by a wide margin. 3. Access to hardware components - need good hardware... No. I don't care much if the phone is 5 mm or 2 mm thick, 100 g or 250 g heavy - just like a word processor user doesn't care if letter appears on the screen in 10 ms or 90 ms after he hit the keyboard. At some point it becomes irrelevant, and competition shifts elsewhere. See Firefox phone as another example. 4. Retreat to the low end Yes, you see it. The fact that the product is a commodity doesn't mean it doesn't exist. 5. A disruptive UI It was surely a pain to switch from sleeky Nokia UI to strange future of IPhone, no? How about Sugar, from One Laptop Per Child project, which was done anew? 6. Be realistic? I certainly see a point in what you're saying; but don't you see the power of fashion - ones all important things are by default? As soon as changes become unimportant, returns dwindling and defaults good enough, attention goes to other things - a similar thing happened in automotive world, where a lot of customers buy not the functionality, but trendiness. I guess by everybody who doesn't actively object? It will require correspondingly more power, and then the mass of power supply will be a problem. Oh, it could be much worse. The first website of SpaceX was, IMO, with questionable design. I think the idea is you can work for anybody, but you should think what you're doing. If everything the company does is immoral, don't work for them at all. If not all is immoral, you can do what's moral. Usually it's a whole gray of shades. No, bothersome is the one above - that a police department chief is not about to turn down a free tank. If your police has such a mentality, you ought to be worried already. Agree. But it doesn't mean we shouldn't evaluate officials - especially elected ones - on their views. Now, what could be a workable approach... Voting is the evaluation I'm talking about. Of course it's biased :) . Systems and results are surely quite important but we still have individuals in the picture, so we want to pay attention to them as well. This is the only part of the article which seemed odd. Surely you benefit from ability to make a bunch of transformations in your head, without having to go to a computer? In other words, if computer in Distil does that kind of thinking which is necessary faster than the author - heck, if it can do that at all - I want to work in Distil. Still didn't get it? I'm definitely not talking about rot summation and multiplication. So, did stderr outlive its purpose? Why OR doesn't short circuit? Note that an R line of code can potentially be equivalent to many lines of C code - more frequently than the opposite. A great law hack, should I say? I think those problems don't have complete information. Air Traffic Control employs certain models of behavior of planes and air flows, which are not exact. Understanding of situation could be different among participants, so are actions. Driving Cars doesn't have information about all surroundings (say, behind the bush) - and definitely not about plans of other agents in the area. Logistics have to deal with uncertainties of transportation - you can't be sure a particular truck going through Oregon won't be delayed by a storm. Chess isn't a solved problem (checkers is). Imagine how nicely this problem - with machines gradually becoming better - would play out in a country resembling Soviet Union. In SU, everyone works for government, and salaries aren't too different. So, with greater and greater employment of robotics, salaries can gradually rise, and working hours gradually decrease - and the whole society gets benefits more or less at the same time. More money supports demand for products - to some extent - and more time allow to improve the quality of life - people devote more time to kids, to arts, to each other, to interesting ideas etc. Easy. Just make some problems getting the products of those automated enterprises to the market. Like, 90% tax. Poverty is a relative term. The article mentions that people compare their lives not to kings of the past, but to riches of the present. I think you're wrong. Spike nozzle has the spike which extends the whole length until flow from different sides converges. Aerospike is truncated but the circulating gas doesn't need to come from turbine; neither X-33 nor Spiral projects dropped turbine exhaust through the spike. The problem is not so much building as it is cooling small engines. Scaling works against you here. You can download a good simulating tool for liquid fuel rocket engines - http://www.propulsion-analysis.com/ - it will show how, when you're decreasing engine size and fuel flow it becomes not enough fuel to cool of the engine. Spike nozzle is particularly problematic around the throat, which has bigger area than for a regular bell-shaped nozzle. However, it may negatively impact your chances on an interview. You'd probably be wrong. Cultural fit may be important, and you don't want to get strange looks on an interview. At the same time the company still might be quite good - as in "early Google"-like good. True. However this mode isn't very useful when you need to lift something from Earth - or just to keep it in the air. Thank you. However, turbine exhaust can't provide much thrust - both flow and speed aren't large. So the spike nozzle doesn't get much thrust from turbine gases - yet it can get it from chamber gases. Government should really lose it's practical power on many matters. Examples: government officials actually should be very transparent, as in "they can't refuse they are constantly monitored by public". Legal opportunities for various kinds of "closed doors negotiations" should be sharply reduced, as in "closed door negotiations are only allowed in cases 1), 2) and 3)", for example, military, international talks. Many decisions involving specific actions are required to have the name of the decider, who is both required to be questioned by public and, if public decides, removed from the position (mechanism of decision is another matter). And of course all these questions have answers, so our smart future archaeologists will eventually dig it up. "Bread and circuses" calls are heard from millenia ago. Killing NASA is so hard perhaps because it's a pretty good circus. And Iran will stop its nuclear program. Hash tables were highly praised by Knuth as "the invention of the year". If we have binary search in the list, we should have hashes. The main problem with the elevator, in my opinion, for many years already is not in the strength of the material. After all, nanotubes are known for many years, and their properties are sufficient for the tether, so in principle it can be done. No, the main problem is with satellites. In fact, asking many times - what to do with existing or future satellites - I never heard a workable answer, even in principle. Just a reminder - every satellite crosses the equatorial plane twice for every rotation around the Earth. Majority of satellites are below the geostationary orbit. So, given enough time every satellite will hit the tether - and even if tether is near-zero width, the satellite isn't. One of ideas was to dynamically move the tether - from the Earth, making propagating wave along the tether, which would avoid the satellites. This means we need the good means of watching the space and predicting satellites movements - even small satellites can bring trouble. But that's not enough, we might get a situation when we need to perform conflicting movements, considering the current state of the wave. This problem is well known for decades. Attempts to launch satellites from the elevator - and the elevator makes it tantalizingly cheap, so we'll want to launch many - will exacerbate the problem. The whole world astronautics will have to adjust to accomodate the elevator - and nobody knows how it is going to look like. No. The elevator's tether is a continuous object of length at least 36 000 km, from atmosphere to geostationary orbit. Practically all satellites are flying within that range of heights. Proton rocket with DM booster and Zond - a version of Soyuz spacecraft, without the orbital module - was launched multiple times in 1960s. DM adds about 3 km/s deltaV. Baikonur latitude is 46N, to get to 39N one needs to change orbital plane for 7 degrees, sin(7)*8 km/s is about 1 km/s. So there could be some options there. Russia launched about a dozen Proton rockets a year at the time of Columbia disaster, two Soyuz spacecrafts and two-three Progress spacecrafts. Proton used to launch several Soyuz without Orbital Section, called Zond, in 1960s, with booster DM to fly around the Moon. DM adds about 3 km/s of deltaV. Orbital plane change for 7 degrees - between Baikonur's 46 and Columbia's 39 - takes sin(7)*8 km/s = 1 km/s. So technically it could be considered to launch (several) Progress ship(s) with necessary cargos to Columbia while three unmanned Soyuzes would be prepared and sent to the rescue. Soyuz approaches Columbia, gets caught by manipulator, astronauts use spacesuits from Soyuz - which have to be extracted from Soyuz first. ISS, meanwhile, had to be kept without ships, which means landing the crew, hopefully temporarily. All that could be considered. But I don't think anybody high in chain of command considered all of that necessary. > Actually it is far better to minimize the number of launches to complete any mission. Doubtful. To design a big rocket takes a lot of money - and big rocket doesn't get to be used as much as a smaller rocket sometimes, which makes it more expensive per flight. The opinions of Elon Musk aren't always perfect either. Certain technical decisions are made not because they are best, but because they are available - like, SpaceX just knows how to do that, and considers it expensive to learn the alternatives. Which is quite justifiable on economical grounds. Several big rockets already were built - and all struggled, more or less, with lack of payloads. First was Saturn-5 - and N-1 arguably was closed because there wasn't enough interest in it, in terms of payloads, for anybody involved. Then it was Energia - again, may be, should USSR survive, it'd still flew, but it was closed, while Proton and Zenit survived. Last was Space Shuttle - which was particularly expensive lately with not enough missions to justify its annual cost. So, with big rockets, it's doubtful that "build them, and they will be used" approach works. On the other hand, we really don't need big rockets that much anymore - we can do anything with existing rockets. It would be interesting to see how often Falcon 9 Heavy will be employed. Energia is long gone. RD-170 family is alive and well though. You'd still need a good sized hydrogen engine - a kind of SSME or RD-0120. But may be you just don't need too big of a rocket. 25 tons on LEO could be enough for everything, and you'll launch that often enough so a single launch won't be expensive. You can assemble stations, create orbital fuel depots, even make on-orbit manufacturing if you want something really big in one piece. Yes, there are problems. Soyuz could fly pretty close to Columbia, but to get to the bay could be tricky. It was not going to be a regular docking - but something for a saving mission. If Soyuz could be taken to the Columbia bay, an astronaut in the Columbia spacesuit could approach Soyuz and open the hatch. Spacesuits could be extracted from Soyuz without entering the spacecraft. Talk about ingenious ideas with rope, attached to the front hatch, etc. The Soyuz spacesuit then is delivered to inside Columbia, where somebody could wear it to get to Soyuz. > Knowing English is pretty much a prerequisite for programming. Emphatically no. You can be a brilliant programmer without knowing English. Of course, that doesn't say that knowing English somehow hurts. I've met many programmers smart enough to learn programming to expert levels despite not knowing English and having to rely on whatever was available in other languages - sometimes that was plenty, sometimes they had to reinvent algorithms. At the same time I know other good programmers who were faced with the problem of learning programming and English at the same time and succeeded at that. Education. I think a good target would be to diminish the effects of propaganda. That could be hard to do, actually - for example, Putin supporters point out many things done by and in USA as examples of what is supposedly "normal", and USA doesn't have nothing like stellar record lately - be it in human rights, surveillance, invasions etc. But education looks very important - especially if your goal not only to "fix the Ukrainian invasion problem", but also prepare for life after Putin - be it in two months or twenty years. This is indeed going to be the heaviest rocket in existence. SpaceX is truly pushing the envelope for the available launchers. I'd really appreciate if they's bring to market the F-9H. However saying that it's second only to Saturn V is incorrect - unless followed by words "in the USA". That's because ill-fated N-1 was bigger - and Energia with both successfull orbital launches was bigger as well, by the payload on LEO. Even Space Shuttle would be bigger, if you'd count by liftoff weight. That's kinda interesting - the picture in the article mentions existing launchers and Space Shuttle, which doesn't fly anymore, and that's understandable - people can compare to familiar things. But to conclude that it's second only after Saturn V... I guess SpaceX marketing department isn't very concerned with how misleading their statements are :) . Come on, SpaceX - you don't need those exagerrations, you're good as you are - don't spoil your image trying to artificially look better. Missing the mark. It's Snowden's problem, not blessing, that he had to choose Russia - with all latest developments there. Unfortunately for Snowden, there is no better place for him - or at least he can't get there from where he is now. I don't think US should really boast their record on these matters here. I guess, if you live in an oppressive regime and have to use whatever means are available, you get a good training. Alternatively, if the society is comparably more free and you don't use your rights, you tend to forget about them - why, most of the time it works by default. But when suddenly something doesn't work - you don't know what to do. Compare to approaches Russian opposition is taking. They have to know law, often know (much) better than judges which don't follow the law anyway - but at least the opposition reasoning and their logical constructions could be heard. I guess, not anymore - state-controlled media isn't going to provide objective coverage of "criminals" in courts. You don't get a more impressive list because these are the only remaining sources. The rest are suppressed - by various means. Echo of Moscow could be the last - and might be closed not because it's oppositional but just because it's more balanced than government-influenced media. One can just wait - dictatorial approach always becomes clear, as the people's life suffer, but it takes time to distinguish propaganda from reality. The hope is this time it wouldn't take that long. However there should be reasons to change the society faster - and that requires efforts. Actually, soft force could be quite powerful. There is somewhat relevant Iran example. I think the West has plenty of opportunities here. On the other hand, those won't come free - and I understand the hesitation. Yet again, to some - smaller - extent we have a situation, which is similar to what happened already about 80 years ago in Europe. I'd guess, much smaller percentage than in Europe, where many neighboring countries speak different languages. Why Russians should study foreign language if they are not going to use that - and that's the case for large percentage of population? It's similar to US in that regard - almost all know English, that's enough at home, and usually enough in neighboring Canada, and the primary foreign language is Spanish, probably because another major neighbour, Mexico, speaks Spanish. Google Translate is pretty good :) but distinctively worse still than the native tongue. I usually point to Yakunin's articles; Matvienko, Peskov are not unusual guests in Echo of Moscow. On the other hand, it's pretty rare to hear opinion of Kasparov, Navalny or Kasyanov on primary TV channels. I've tried to compare Echo of Moscow to RT, for example. Echo had much more details - when RT said "policemen stopped the people who blocked the way", Echo actually provided photos and videos, together with short interviews with both policemen and people those policemen detained. There are many people in Russia who don't like Echo. But if you try to find out why, you'll find it's because Echo is simply different - not the majority, as should be expected, frankly, if you'd consider the possibility of the media being filtered by some means. You should go for facts - which is often hard - and Echo is probably most professional in giving you facts, from all sides and opinions. Indeed it takes a good sense to learn good things from imperfect teachers. One has to see the forest behind the trees and understand what good US can teach to Russia - even though US is quite susceptible to similar ills itself. To resolve different opinions, we have to agree on some basic relevant facts and some criteria to judge. Apparently it's tough for subjects like this. Even common sense becomes not so common for people with different views. Then there is the question of facts - which sources would you trust? Factual bias can effectively shape opinions. You think, if Noam Chomsky would receive the Turing award, they'll talk about his other achievements? Really?.. I think BI per se might change the landscape somewhat - and that depends on its scale - but "rapidly change" - no, you don't principally differentiate strangers with passports from strangers without. Twenty years ago a lot of people couldn't see themselves using a cellphone or an Internet.