It seems to me that this could easily be defeated by switching on 'red eye reduction' to produce a smaller flash moments before the main flash. Hang on, I thought "features are a one-way street" Another Mac user here. I gave Ubuntu a spin the other week, running in Virtualbox on my main machine. I thought it looked slick and was very usable. Then I tried downloading and installing Firefox 3. I grabbed it, unarchived it and then.... then what? Where's the bloody installer. Yes, that's exactly the kind of trite understanding of history that the author is worried about. Well done. ... and no, I'm not a boomer. ...and if you did it yourself on a bit of paper you would probably end up having to scan it in. I think the look is excellent. It makes explicit to the client or whoever that this is a mock-up and not to be confused with the look and feel of the app/site. You can say that until you are blue in the face and quite often someone will say 'isn't that line a bit thick'. Moreover sometimes designers can get locked into overly prescriptive design rough too early. This avoids that. I don't see any conflict. You suggest that that eval is used to "manipulate search results". It could just as easily be used to score results and flag up problems in the ranking mechanisms. As the man says, they are constantly refining the algorithm, - so presumablt they need constant feedback on how well the algorithm's working. No? Many thanks for the explanation. Much appreciated. Got it. many thanks. For the same reason that people still write with a Biro or Hoover the carpet. I remember playing this as a kid about 35 years ago. It was described in a book called The Indoor Games boo, published in the UK. The same book also introduced me to the rather fun 'Nine Mens Morris' - http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Nine_Men's_Morris Thats how these things always start. ... and then people start requesting 'just a couple' of new features. The Tag inspector is a Webkit feature, as are the resizeable text input boxes. Webkit has been getting 100% on Acid3 for a few months now, so I'm not sure why your Chrome install isn't. Anyone had any luck getting the help/how to use pages to come up? Interesting that it still lists the Mayor of London as Ken Livingstone, who was elected out back in May. "Apple doesn't tell musicians, "don't make crappy music," or "you song is of limited musical appeal." You're right - Apple relies on music publishers to do that for them. The analogy between music store and appstore is not exact. My main thought watching the advert was, "that's sad, Bill Gates steps down from running Microsoft, and now spends his time in discount shoe stores?" I'm honestly not trying to take a dig at the ad, but it did feel rather tragic. "What's missing knowing how to do it (software inventions)". Not really, the scope of the hardware plays an important role. Consider: that you could perform the processing needed to play Half Life 2 on an abacus. But even if the abacus wielder followed the commands exactly and emulated the x86 instructions with paper and pencil, would anything actually emerge from the exercise that would be enlightening in anyway? Probably not, since it would take a few thousand years (I'm handwaving here) to compute the contents of the first frame. Which suspect would pale insignificance compared to the threat from the new generation of pirate that such an installation would spawn. Visions of a parrot sitting on someone's shoulder squawking "pieces of RAM". Personally, I would have though that in a world with Twitter, IM and all the rest, e-mail would be the least of your worries. I came here to say the same. Effectively content free, possibly actually content negative. I think most of his analysis is reasonable, certainly I think many of the Mac icons work better at smaller sizes. I think he cuts the Safari icon too much slack, however - I didn't realise that there were continents painted in the background of the compass, and the compass is fairly weak as a metaphor for the Web. I think the Finder icon is poor too. Disclosure: Another Mac user. The essay makes this assertion a couple of times: "The banking system .. just lost > 1 Trillion dollars (so far) on a single error, more than was ever earned in the history of banking." Really, more than was ever earned in the history of banking? To me that would seem to imply that at this point every banking institution would be bankrupt. Shouldn't a guy who chides people for sloppy thinking be rather more careful, or am I just missing something and being stoopid? If AIG went down, do you in some way think you would find it easier to get a loan. On the contrary, I think it would be unlikely that anyone would be lending anyone anything. Excellent! Live clickable ads on the Wall in Half Life! Probably for ammo shops and medical retailers, I suspect. Wet-wipes are your friend. "The ending is my favorite Stephenson ending." ... you mean, he's included one this time? Summary: Web 3.0 is mashups, in an environment where more Web components have well defined interfaces and are, therefore, mashable. The story itelf appears to have exploded. Businesses fail for one of 3 reasons: 1. Bad idea 2. Bad execution 3. Outside forces. Astonishing! what a revelation! Judging by the amount of money I spend on shareware apps (for the Mac) someone's making some money. I can't be the only one, can I? The page doesn't seem to render here. I love Hacker news, but, but... has there ever been any discussion about the desirability of having a couple of lines of summary under the headline? The headline only format irks me. Oops, I'm modded down. I presume that this is a stupid idea that has been suggested and rejected n000 times before. Anyone? I wonder to what extent this will put a dent in Twitter. For anyone in a similar situation in the UK, I recommend http://www.voipfone.co.uk/ I've used them from a while as I'm based from home. You can get a London number routed to a dedicated VoIP phone hanging off your router, you also get voicemail that goes to your e-mail for free and an SMS notification etc when a voicemail is left. Not involved with them, but just a happy punter who found he could set up shop at home without installing a second line. The problem with the original poster's suggestion is that the original headline was written to be seen in context. Usually this means that it is accompanied bny full text that can be seen at a glance, sometimes it means that it is seen with a brief summary. HN is splendid, but as a noob, I find myself grinding my teeth that I have to click on every single damn link to see what the story is actually about. I mean "Tim O'Reilly to software developers: get serious" what's that actually about? Anything worth my time? who knows. I have to admit, as a user I rather miss OpenDoc. Cyberdog was nifty. ...and I predict that once Twitter tries to charges a corporates it will be replaced by an RSS Feed. In what way are you required to read an SMS the moment that it arrives? I kept waiting for him to say something novel, but gave up after about 15 minutes. Clearly, I'm missing something. I wonder if we'll end up with the kind of movement that swept Usenet back in the 80s when everybody's .sig seemed to contain content for 'the line eater': Explosion, terrorism, Osama etc If I'm buying a game, do I really care whether they are in London or Essex? No, I don't - the game is going in the post anyway. The UK list is a bit grim at the moment, mainly because you are mixing cities and counties into the same list. That comes across as strange, almost as if you are making a category error. Have you though of sticking to counties, or using sythentic regions (The South East, The Northwest, the Midlands etc). If I were you I might think instead about asking the user for his/her postcode. Then the user can decide to rank hits by proximity if they want, or by other criteria. I want the closest piano stool. I live in East London; some parts of Essex are closer to me than some parts of London. The East London Line was closed for several days the other month when a rather large bomb was found during work on the Olympic Park. I don't want to push the point in an irritating way, but I think you should think about amending the post flow.... Currently you have people selecting a region and THEN selecting what they want. It would be better to have people select what they want and THEN select how important the proximity is. That solves (i) The arbitrary city/region issue and (ii) Lets you advertise on the home page the scope of what people can shop for, rather than advertising all the cities in a country. Sorry - how exactly do you mount the disk of an unbootable Mac on another machine, via an Ethernet cable? I think one problem with this analysis is the assumption that all empires collapse in the same way. It's quite possible that any U.S collapse will be more akin to that of the U.K. A gradual decline and disengagement from foreign territories. Err, excuse me. I've taken my daughter to A&E (the UK equivalent of ER) a couple of time in her life due to high fever and a very nasty hacking cough. On both occassions, they prescribed ibuprofen, liquids and on one occassion put her in a cooling bath to reduce temperature. On both occassions I was satisfied: I was pretty sure that it was a viral infection, but with a temperature that high, I wanted to be sure. I would be bloody annoyed if the docs prescribed unnecessary antibiotics. Not all patients are dense and doctors shouldn't treat us as if we are - that just spreads ignorance. Actually, we are lucky over here now. NHS is a really very good phone consulting service. You phone up with a sick child and they take you through a very VERY detailed list of symptoms and questions. This phone service has saved me a couple of night trips to the hospital since it started. Summary: Turning to a wholey raw vegan diet appears to have affected my cognition adversely. '64. So Generation X, according to this, thoug to be honest I've never felt part of a particular generation. I've picked up a couple of consulting gigs through providing decent answers im the Answers section. If I have a few moments spare at the end of the day, I'll look through open questions and answer them. Sometimes they are interesting questions that I would like to think through myself; sometimes they land directly in my area of expertise. But it's a win-win you help someone, and at the same time advertise that you are a reasonable, helpful guy who knows at least something about an area. By comparison, I find Facebook completely pointless. It is redundant in precisely the same way. It's also a very clever framing the question in a leading way. Let's try framing it in another way: Let's say you're a business decision maker, and you got yourself on this cloud computing kick. Who would you rather buy your cloud resources from? 1. A company who built its entire business on the high availability of its international network of online transaction engines, 2. A company which has built its business on indexing, and processing one of the biggest data stores in the world, and which has also built and run the world's most popular Internet-based productivity tools. 3. A company whose business relies om shipping a PC operating systems and which also supplies a word processor. " I'm not saying that my framing is any less biased, just that there is more than one way to view these things. In the latter instance, the term you are looking for is not 'Markup' it is 'source' or 'text'. I don't read nearly as many books as I used to, but that's because I now look after two kids. I used to read on the way to work on the Tube every day. I am reading two books at the moment though - Iain M Bank's latest - Matter, and Dennet's Darwin's Dangerous Idea Now, I'm sure you are a splendid, law-abiding 100% legit operation. However from a potential customer point of view and without additional information this could look like a brilliant scam designed to phish for various types of high-value, possibly company-confidential information. In your FAQ you have: Q: Are my files and data secure? A: Yes, your files are uploaded using a secure SSL encrypted transfer service. To be honest, if I were using such a service, transmission to your servers would be the least of my worries. This may be something that you could address, perhaps by beefing up the how does it work section. Do you have a little sweatshop somewhere with people retypring data? I think you should make explicit provision in your will, including instructions on how to access passwords. Thinking about it, I would be quite tempted to leave my wife a 'to be opened in the event of my death' envelope containing (among other things) the master password to my Mac's Keychain. I Apple is tinkering with Internet search, my guesses would be: 1. Extending Spotlight to handle remote data as well as local 2. ... No, actually I can only think of that. All of these examples appear to have been swiped from the rather excellent http://www.underconsideration.com/brandnew/ Congratulations. I blooged about Dabbleboard a while ago, but blimey - with the new tool set, I'm going to need to blog again. Brilliant work Utimately it does, if it is concrete, 6ft high and has a locked gate in the middle. This is tragic, one of the delights of travelling in France was you could stop off in any small village, walk in to what looked like a café-bar and get the most amazing tasting simple food - an omlette that would make you go "wow". Yes. I was chatting to one of the folks involved in iPhone Devcamp the other week and he was saying that $120 is the bare minimum at the moment. So the figures tally. Well, I can touch my toes with my elbows. So I reckon I'm unique. ... oh, that wasn't what you meant? So what? The use of the term makes it appear that you are equating getting a kid to do homework with the Gulag's arrests, interrogations, transport in unheated cattle cars, forced labor, destruction of families, years spent in exile, and the early and unnecessary deaths. I'm not a typical HN reader/user. I'm a one-man consultancy outfit, helping businesses sort out how best to use Internet technologies for internal and external collaboration. I also help untangle knotty workflow problems, you get the picture. "Making it", as far as I am concerned is having a steady stream of people coming through my door through personal recommendation with really interesting problems - enough in fact that I can turn the less interesting ones away to other people. I get to make money, I get to help people (I know it sounds sappy, but I love it) and I get to think about interesting problems. It doesn't get much better than that for me, it really doesn't. No. I haven't quite "made it" yet, I only started out as an independent a few months ago, but I've had enough of a taste of it to make me a very happy bunny. This might be helpful: http://caldav.calconnect.org/implementations/clients.html I disagree actually, I think the recommendations at the end of the blog post make reasonable sense. The goodwill created by running such a service has value, and it is a waste to jettison this - bBoth for Twitter and for the original app author. While getting a job at Twitter is excellent, I wouldn't want to devalue my personal brand if I could help it- the job at Twitter may not last for ever and the developer may want to entice people to a new start-up in the future. So finessing any eventual shut-down makes sense. Actually, he's asking you to put your money where his mouth is - and without any credit card protection. A cynic would also point out that that by not accepting credit cards he also avoids losing the cutr of the transaction that they charge and so makes more money. I'm not a cynic of course. Personally, my credit card is paid of automatically each month in full. Actually, most of the complaints I've seen about the Touch and the iPhone seem to be about the lack of storage. I have a 16Gig Touch and it is crammed. Let's see... 8Gigs of audio (including a lot of BBC podcasts) 4 Gigs of video 2 Gigs of photos 200Mb apps 200 megs app data. I've never bought video through iTunes, but video is extremely useful. When we go away on holiday, I always encode a couple of children's series on to it which comes in very handy as an occassional treat for the two girls when its getting late and we are setting up a tent, or we have a boring hour or two in a aiport terminal or on a very long flight (We're in the UK, my wife's family in Australia). Video also gets used to transport home movies to my parents' house for viewing through the TV. Is video a 'killer app'? No, but it was definitely a nice-to-have factor in the purchasing decision, as was the excellent Web browsing and e-mail client. Converting video for the iPod is really rather simple: http://handbrake.fr/ ... not just for DVDs anymore. A fascinating WebApp, and really useful to schools and students, I would have thought. I've only tested it for about 2 minutes, but I already found one odd ommission - try searching for Ethene and see what you get. Also it says that yo can search by common name, which is fabulous, but you might want to open the system up to crowd-sourcing so that people can contribute common names and attch them to molecules. A search on Deoxyribonucleic acid, for example produces no hits. I'd like to hear your boss' point of view before jumping to judgement. ... and I think you could probably do with hearing his point of view too. I tend to just CMD-Click on the icon in the toolbar to see the path. (Works in most other apps too) I wrote up a little blog entry about DropBox's place in the enterprise here: http://blog.infowranglers.com/blog/_archives/2008/9/16/38803... I'm NOT a security or legal expert, but my concerns would be more about the security of sensitive data, rather than concerns over the possible sale of personal information (it's been a while, but I don't remember Dropbox asking anything too intrusive.) You cannot specify your own AES key, which might be a worry to some people. The DropBox team suggest sharing encrypted disk images if this is an issue. Anyone know what the 'star' functionality is meant to be for? Clicking the question mark next to it simply selected the star. Mouseover didn't giove any helpful tooltips either. It's a childish affectation that he never bothered to jettison. Rather like the people who do little smilies instead of dotting their i's Many thanks. The interesting question is - how many of those bids are actually being placed by Swoopo? I presume that, like most journalists - just because he was at a show, it didn't mean he was just writing about the show. I was a tech journalist/edit for many years. When I was at a show I spent my time talk to people at the show, yes - but also had commitments - to edit copy, handle other stories that the office was sending me and deal with other administrivia remotely. Combine that with the fact that half the demos you had booked in advance to see would not have been working and yes... I can imagine having to bail from the hall. Of course, that's why we gave all the journalists cellular data cards for emergencies. And you know what? It's still funny. I find it is always worth a peek at this http://www.internettrafficreport.com/main.htm before getting too doom-laden. +++ATH0 It has it's own e-mail address? Great - what happens when a prankster starts mailing Goatse to my living room? Not the only one: You can watch Hal Douglas do his stuff here, in an amusingly self-referential trailer http://uk.youtube.com/watch?v=yXbFuNQwTbs I watched GroundHog Day in my mid-30s and was inspired to learn the piano. Stop laughing at the back. The fact is that you don't have to be good to enjoy yourself. My Dad started learning in his mid 70s. I don't believe Steve's dignity has been diminished one jot. I'm saddened that you think less of him. Or are you saying that that you don't think less of him, but believe that everyone else will view him has having less dignity. I'm too old. It's strikes me that his advice on how to avoid getting burnt out at work is advice that is precisely designed to ensure that your day job is boring, unfulfilling and that you never get given any tasks that are interesting or designed to let you stretch your intellectual wings. Dear employees, I'm middle-aged, burned out and on the verge of a breakdown. I'm casting around for someone to blame for my feelings of ill-directed rage. Please help me. Love, The boss. Aren't the first too the kind of thing you can do just as well by subscribing to an RSS feed? I would argue that people often read the comments because the headline-only format of YC leaves them guessing what the article is actually about. If you are considering putting the leading comment text up there, please consider getting submitters to include a one sentence summary of the article instead. Well, I'm a Mac user running Safari. Do I mind installing a free plug-in to get access to an interesting app? No. I don't see where you (necessarily) get "small subset" from. I believe in this case "most people" = some people. I've had a quick play and set up an account. There's a few usability quirks that immediately sprung to mind; I didn't find it particularly intuitive to actually dive in use: 1. When you first set up account and start a workspace, the first thing it asks you to do is choose the people you want to share it with. This seems "wrong" to me. I would expect to be able to set up a workplace, add documents and wotnot and only then be bothered about who I wanted to invite in. 2. I then tried to work out how to add an item to a workspace... there were buttons on mouse over for Manage, Share and Delete - so I sat there trying to find 'Add document'. It wasn't until I eventually clicked on the workspace that I 'entered' it. I wasn't really expecting that 'enter to do something' metaphor. How about a mouse-over 'click to enter message'. 3. Add video resource - how about some clue as to the formats you accept. None that I tried. that's for sure. It's a bit distracting to see the Web page URL input go scrolling by on the way to the file chooser. 4. Thumbnails of the documents would be good. 5. The Black pallette really isn't to my taste. 6. The big one... without the ability to actually edit Word or Excel files (as opposed to annotate), it isn't really a collaborative tool in my opinion, I'll probably keep using Google Docs or Drop Box and I suspect others will too. Sorry, it's a lovely idea apart from that. I'm not sure I can even see myself using it with the free account. I don't mind making Safari 'potentially crash more' - I only mind if it actually does crash more. Since Safari crashes are very few and far between, and haven't noticeably increased since I installed Silverlight some time ago, this potential problem isn't high on my list of priorities. I suppose I can always go back to Lynx if these things really bother me too much. Glad they were at least marginally useful. 1. Perhaps the Wizard should initially ask 'what would you like to do first - add resources, or invite people to the space'? 2. I'm not sure that adding a roll-over is the correct idea here, so I don't want to send you down a blind alley. It may be the correct solution is to actually avoid surfacing the functions at all (they still have to be provided inside the workspace, I presume so you aren't reducing complexity). Instead maybe it is worth looking at how you could amend the workspace design to make it look more 'clickable to enter'. 3. Understood. All I would suggest is you list the supported format(s) to avoid Mac users like myself attempting conversions blind. 6. Completely understood. The comment was a bit brutal but I thought it was worth making. The very best of luck. ... because it is so much fun developing for IE, Firefox, Safari, Opera, Lynx, et al. I've also seen the dreaded 'Too many characters' error a few times. I'm not a database specialist, so I hope you will allow me to ask a daft question. Why, in the user table is the password held as a TinyBLOB. To allow for Unicode, or somesuch? SQLEditor might be worth a look: http://www.malcolmhardie.com/sqleditor/ Costs $70-something I think, but has a free trial and generates the SQL to set up the tables from your diagrams. Head-slap "of course" Thanks for taking the time Ezra. I was a tech journalist and an analyst for many years and there is one point that is implied, but not mentioned explicitly: * If you can talk knowledgably and interestingly about the the industry and a bit of technology, apart from your specific products do so - if asked. Journalists are always on the look out for knowledgable people who can tell them little bits of information about what is going on in their patch. It is fairly easy to build up a decent rapport with an journalist if you're a domain expert. This one was not mentioned at all: * Know the journalist. Not all journalists are created equal, so find out a bit about what he/she has written previously. Is (s)he a tech geek? interested in the business side? After user case-stories? Where are they in terms of experience - a new staff writer who would welcome a bit of hand-holding in the technology, or an old lag who knows the industry backwards? Knowing this can make all the difference. In terms of showing copy, I never did. But if you have someone who you think is a bit wobbly on some aspects of the story it does no harm to say: "If you want me to have a quick look through once your done and check the detail, it's not a problem". Regarding the advice: "journalists are generally not out to trick you or trip you up." Well actually some of us are, a bit. Particularly when presented with a glossy, to-good-to-be-true presentation, the natural inclination is to look for problems. We don't (well I didn't) like writing puff pieces. So we'll use our smarts to say "well what about this?". Try to be straight forward when answering these kind of questions: Someone saying: "yes, you're right that is a potential problem, we are looking at it and in the meantime there's a workaround that - while not elegant - does the trick" ALWAYS works better than blushing, getting aggressive or whatever. Finally - don't try power hand-shakes. During the '80s bloody U.S. execs always turned hand-shakes into an arm wrestling match. Occassionally, I just used to say: "ouch" it always put them off their stride wonderfully.