Google's service must be better, right? Otherwise, people would just pay half the price. What exactly is wrong with charging a fair price in a competitive market. They might even be able to take some of those extra nickels, hire more people and build even more services. Maybe people can start asking their IT departments why they are still using IE6? Chromium will give you the latest builds. You will also need to use it if you want to use plugins on Linux or Mac. We are very close to having consumer robots drive a burst of innovation. We need the Apple II of robotics then we're off! "respect the environment" This is a local rule that needs to be learned? Doesn't this come up every generation? Let's hope they put wifi in the next gen Kindle's. It's crazy that they left it out. Denial is a wonderful thing. People said that "Sun was setting" for about a decade. The warnings were ignored and now the entity known as Sun is gone. The world would have been a better place if it survived. RIP. ...the year of the Linux phone. Android arrives in a big way. We're saving the desktop for last. :-) http://www.wolframalpha.com/input/?i=graph+1%2F10%28ln%28x%2... This is a solved problem. http://stackoverflow.com Pick your topic, search for questions, and ask them. Scala, Clojure, Squeak, Rails... http://stackoverflow.com/questions/tagged/scala http://stackoverflow.com/questions/tagged/clojure http://stackoverflow.com/questions/tagged/squeak http://stackoverflow.com/questions/tagged/ruby-on-rails These days it's much easier to go from noob to expert in whatever topic, even if the topic is a bit esoteric. The great thing is that you're throwing down breadcrumbs for the next guy. If we could only turn these egos loose on a race to the moon...or something similar The X-Prizes are great but these guys are putting more money, research and effort into building faster ships when there are much bigger, and more interesting, problems to solve. The glass is half empty? I think you're completely missing the point. It's really up to each community (Haskell, Lisp, Scala, Clojure, etc.) to develop their appropriate sections of StackOverFlow. I've been on an Lisp bent lately, mainly Emacs Lisp. Think of a good question and ask it. You'll be throwing down breadcrumbs for the next guy who wants to learn an esoteric language. I've got 86 questions, and the last dozen have been mainly about Lisp, of some flavor. http://stackoverflow.com/users/5020/melling I'm going to turn Emacs Lisp into a mainstream developer tool. :-) Joel and Jeff don't create the content for the site, the communities do. The fact that other communities haven't moved into their sections en masse is not their fault. It's YOUR (ie. everyone else) FAULT. For example, I tried to get the Grails community to use StackOverFlow when the site first started and their attitude was that they would rather just use the mailing list and sift through Nabble. http://archive.codehaus.org/lists/org.codehaus.grails.user/m... The problem isn't with StackOverFlow, it's with the other communities refusing to adopt something new. "After all, IRC is where all the best people hang out...who needs this .Net thing..." I'm currently learning Lisp. You wouldn't be able to get this kind of an answer on a mailing list or on IRC. http://stackoverflow.com/questions/2264267/generating-a-quiz... This .Net/C# site just made it easier to learn Haskell, Lisp, Erlang, Scala... a little irony not to be overlooked. StackOverFlow provides structure and organization to the information. I've dug through enough email threads that ended at a dead-end to be able to say that the structure is welcome. People tag their questions, while others vote on the questions and answers. Question titles are matched against the database when people enter new questions. Admins "close" duplicates, and stop trolling. The reputation "economy" provides a way to get an answer. StackOverflow isn't perfect but it is a big step forward in organizing the information so that that the data can be searched more effectively. http://stackoverflow.com/search There are 500,000+ questions tagged. Some are great, some are not. Joel and Jeff don't provide either of these. We do! Don't try this on a mailing list. http://stackoverflow.com/questions/101268/hidden-features-of... Android phones will pass the iPhone within 24 months in monthly sales. Android is simply creating a bigger market by being free and multi-vendor. Study math or physics. You should be able to get a programming job out of college, if you still want to write code. I knew a really good programmer who studied Latin in college. Getting an entry level programming job with another degree shouldn't be too difficult. Do really well in physics or math and you'll be fine. How about we want an open standards Internet and the 90% monopoly Microsoft has on the desktop really endangers that? After all, ms wouldn't give a crap about open standards unless pushed. They have a 90% desktop monopoly, and have had one for almost two decades. The Internet, mobile devices and the browser will finally fix this problem. Competition is good for consumers and the Europeans are making an effort to increase it. Imagine if General Motors sold 90% of all cars. Good for consumers or bad? You don't remember Bill Gates testifying in court that IE could not be unbundled from the OS? IE is still a choice. IE9 will be a much better product because of the changing browswer landscape. The progress of the Internet really has suffered because MS didn't put much effort into IE development. It is the worst browser and it has the most market share. As far as browsers go, how would you rate IE? Is it the best? Second best? Probably third or fourth? It has over 60% market share in the world. 18 months ago, it was over 70%. I would argue that this has more to do with Microsoft having 90% desktop market share and IE is the default browswer. I saw the talk in NYC. From the questions asked, I'm under the impression the system scales quite well. According to Crunchbase, they now have about 400k users. http://www.crunchbase.com/company/foursquare I'm not sure that it matters which technology is used. However, it is helpful for developers to be able to point to large, successful sites that are written in Python, Ruby, Scala, Clojure, etc. because management is not going to take a chance on something that's "unproven". It usually requires overwhelming evidence to convince someone not to keep using the status quo. Java/JSP, for example. There are companies that can't make the move from Java 1.4 to 1.5, for some reason. I was surprised by the number of Linux phones that shipped. Don't hear a lot about them. If Android is added to the Linux count, Linux phones have essentially caught up with Windows Mobile. Hmmm... Read the top voted comment on this recent Hacker News post. http://news.ycombinator.com/item?id=1137337 I'm not sure why everyone thinks Microsoft is a changed company. They still have 90% desktop market share. I guess everyone is too busy discussing the Google "monopoly" with 70% search. Microsoft is, of course, doing what's in their best interest, as should all companies. They aren't running a charity and they are obligated by law to serve their stockholders. However, it really is bad for consumers when there is not enough competition. Now I can read all those bullet trains stories. I hear someday they may come to America. http://www.popsci.com/results?query=bullet+trains Never look back! We might be being a little premature on being on the cusp of a new era. All this technology and science takes time. For example, the war on cancer started almost 40 years ago. We are from a cure. We have so much more to learn before we can really extend life or "cure" death. Yeah, someday we'll have high-speed rail in the US. It will probably take at least a decade to get the first one, if not a little longer. In the meantime, read how GM paid to destroy our mass transit system so people would buy more cars. http://www.trainweb.org/mts/ctc/ctc06.html This is a big problem and could seriously hurt the brand. It felt great to upgrade my original iPhone to the latest OS. Google needs to push companies to allow people to upgrade Android. It shouldn't matter if you buy a "cheap" $50-$100 phone with a 2 year contract. Google is building a brand and it needs to keep people excited about their product. Buying a new phone that is 3 or 4 revs behind will certainly dishearten people. Can someone confirm that I can swap the sim between my iPhone and a Nexus One? I've been doing some Android development and I need some hardware. Would it be wrong to say we're ending the first decade of the 21st century and I was really hoping for a lot more tech. Most of us grew up on sci-fi. I'd say we're a little behind schedule. "Sorry Dave, I can't do that." is a pretty old movie quote. Wow, free FedEx overnight shipping. Google must be making a nice profit. Doesn't this all become irrelevant later this month when Verizon starts selling the phone? Can I just delete all of my questions and leave the board? Sun wanted to sell you theirs for $$$$. Now that AMD and Intel are at it, we'll have 8-12 cores for $200 in a few years. Things did seem to slow down a bit on the multi-core front. I was beginning to wonder what happened. These icons look pretty straight forward. http://aquamacs.org/ There is a nice File, Edit... menu that goes along with it. Close your eyes and pretend the rest of the complexity doesn't exist and it will be no different than using Notepad, etc. When you want more, open your eyes a little. No. All electronic devices. Built with the Netbeans Java IDE. http://netbeans.org I think he was being overly optimitic in the first place. Microsoft doesn't want a cross platform system. They were just throwing out a bone with C#. Having their tools be truly cross platform is not in their best business interest, and no one blames them. Miguel should have understood this when he started Mono. I picked David because his achievements seemed more concrete. The "marketing" and "sustainability" stuff sounded like fluff to me. I didn't read much more of the article after I found out he chose the other guy. Now let's pretend that he decides to live in front of your house. That's ok, right? What's the harm? Providing for homeless people is definitely society's responsibility. I don't think we really want to make people "institutions" and call them iconic because they've camped out somewhere for a long time. If 100 people decide to camp out in Time Square because there's a lot of tourist quarters to gather, is this ok? Should we grant seniority if there are ever too many? I'm sure you've heard the stories about "homeless" people in NYC who make a good living begging for small change and have nice apartments. It sounds great but can't they get rid of the ugly meters too? In NYC, there's a box on the block instead. Haven't used one in a while but I think you get a printed receipt. You probably don't even need a box. Everyone can just go to a web page and see the status for the block, including the meter person. Next, RFID in car talks to parking spot? :-) I wonder what this poor guy from Bolivia knew? http://news.ycombinator.com/item?id=1230939 This works in both apps, and many other apps. Cmd-shift-} Cmd-shift-{ It even works in the version of emacs that I use. And this is not an April Fool's joke. The app store hadn't updated for me when I first saw this. Then the actual buy screen still said $49.99. Now I can't buy it because it's being modified in the store. Sometimes Hacker News is too quick with the news. :-) I imagine this app is at worth at least the price of a cup of coffee. What did you change it to? I tried a UA of iPhone but that didn't work on the couple of sites that I viewed. Got it. http://www.onedigitallife.com/2005/08/03/changing-safaris-us... http://www.labnol.org/tech/ipad-user-agent-string/13230/ A bit of a cliche response. The fact is one can write maintainable code if they so choose and 20+ years later people are still solving real problems with it. It would be great if they cleaned up the language a little and finish Perl6, but in the meantime, Perl 5.x and CPAN ( http://www.cpan.org/ ) are still quite relevant. It might work in a place like New York City. One of the Android groups here is doing some OpenGL stuff. We're trying Blender, but most of us are a little challenged. http://www.nycjava.net/JSPWiki/Wiki.jsp?page=JavaMobileStudy... Yeah, and I predicted the iPhone a decade before it happened. Not by Apple, but I described device in long drawn out geek conversations with friends. Basically, the premise was that we only need to carry one device, and that would be a phone. We should be able to slide our phone next to a keyboard and monitor then have it become our desktop computer. This will happen someday. I'm still predicting it. At any rate, predictions are meaningless. The real trick is to take an idea, even a small one, and invent the future, or at the very least turn it into a business. That's where people have real talent. It's infinitely more difficult than predicting the future. What I would give for some of that talent. :-( At this point, there are plenty of Objective C developers. Apple doesn't need to change its minds. A few years ago perhaps. There will continue to be a steady stream of great apps. What could happen is that a developer might get permanently banned for using the Adobe tools, thus locking themselves out of the iPhone market. What's great is that Google is getting everyone upgraded to each new browser. If only Microsoft could do that with IE, and Mozilla with Firefox. Too bad Google isn't as effective with Android versions. I think people are forgetting how long it took to get Flash on Linux. All platforms are beholden to Adobe to get Flash ported. As a business, Adobe can't support every OS and device that appears. Where's Flash for Android? Oh, it's coming... HTML5/JavaScript is a more open technology and we finally have several good browsers. Most come with source! Today Java is even more open, and no one is complaining. You can download the source for Java, but you can't get the Flash source. Apple is accelerating the adoption, and hopefully the evolution, of HTML5. In two years, perhaps even one, no one is going to miss Flash on the iPhone and iPad. This is great. Now maybe if people can get as upset about Microsoft not better supporting HTML5, in particular the canvas tag. http://www.webmonkey.com/2010/03/internet-explorer-9-shows-u... IE9 is a big improvement for Microsoft. However, if they included more support for HTML5, developers could get "all their wood behind one arrow." I thought reason we had a problem with social security was because we ignored the underfunding problem for years. My entire life I've been hearing "don't count on social security when you get older", and I'm no spring chicken. RISC will rise again! Seriously though, it will be great to have as much competition as possible. I want my next phone to be quad-core and run for a week on a charge. A lot of competition is the quickest way to get companies to produce their best work. Look at what Intel did once AMD gave them a good kick. The real trick is that both companies need to remain strong. AMD needs to get back in the game. How many nations have put a man into space? I think we're up to three. I can't say I'm all for a race to Mars, but I think need to make constant progress, and we can't let the program fall apart. It will cost even more money and years to restart it. As it currently stands, we have a space station and for the next few years America won't own a ship to get there. Well, if they really believe it they should be aggressively funding electric/hybrid and fuel cell vehicles. They've got the kind of budget that can make a big difference in innovation. http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Darpa Not a great article but he's right. We need another good input device. Ideally, Bluetooth enable and will work with future phones too. Just buy his books. He does a great job. Hacker News books all the way! Most people are not going to miss Flash on their iPhones/iPads. All the major sites will soon offer HTML5 for video and there will be 250,000 apps in another year. I think it's the idea of Apple forbidding Flash more than actually really needing Flash this is annoying some people. I bought the Simplenote app for the iphone so I could be more productive on the go. I was going to try and write a novel. However, I'm settling for taking notes for my blog and apps that I'm writing. I think mobile learning and productivity are going be big in the future. Want to learn Spanish while on the go? I'm working on it. :-) http://www.appbrain.com/search?q=h4labs Are you asking why Apple allows the same stuff you can find in a Barnes & Nobles but refuses to allow porn? Maybe Steve does the B&N test? Microsoft has 90% desktop market share and 90% office market share. Where does Apple have a monopoly where they can drive the market? A mistake or two and they will have a problem. Look at Nokia or Motorola. This is the attitude many have had for decades. We had a recent debate about drilling in Alaska and many said "things are different now, and the ecological impact would be small." We don't need to drill in these places. We aren't going to run out of our current sources for decades. In time prices are going to rise and people will be forced to drive smaller, more fuel efficient vehicles, but it is about time. I read most of my Hacker News from an iPhone. I feel less guilty not "dedicating" too much time to it, and I get in my fix a little more often. What is important is that IE is no longer the de facto standard. 60% is much better than 90%. I remember 6-7 years ago when developers thought they were done when it worked in IE6. They didn't feel the need to support other browsers. Browsing in Linux was difficult because things never looked (or worked) right. Now with so many options, developers need to target standards. I agree that some sort of pen based solution would be useful. Imagine a screen where we could write anywhere on it then select any area, like a drawing, and paste the text. Being able to compose our own notebooks like Leonardo is the endgame. http://www.google.com/search?sourceid=chrome&ie=UTF-8... That's correct. And the iPad is just a tablet notebook like the one from Microsoft in 2000. http://www.microsoft.com/presspass/features/2000/nov00/11-13... And the iPhone is really just a cleaned up smart phone. StackOverFlow took an old idea, cleaned it up and made a better product. Seems pretty simple after the fact. Getting the small things right in a product really makes a big difference. StackOverFlow isn't perfect (and neither was the iPhone or iPad) but they got a good minimal viable product and now they're off to the races. Books aren't set up for discussion. I'm guessing that you think they aren't good for "fishing" either? The basic idea with StackOverFlow is to ask well-defined questions and get well-defined answers, without the long messy threaded response found in most forums. The worst is when the thread ends in a dead end. The wiki feature and the ability to include formated code are very useful. The reputation economy is essential, so more questions get answered, including older ones. What happens in a forum when no one answers a question? Ask again a few days later? Also, they do have short discussions through comments, which I have found to be effective. Finally, I think you, and many others, are completely missing the point of StackOverFlow, and hopefully other future sites like it. If say, for example, 100,000 people are learning [Lisp, Scala, Java, C++, Go, jQuery, C#, etc], they are going to have the a lot of similar questions that really only need to be asked once, with one or two solutions provided. Now the next 99,999 people don't need to ask the same question. So, now we have taken the FAQ and improved upon it by creating it dynamically through voting, and question matching. There are various improvements that could be done to StackOverFlow. They are essentially creating a huge database of programming knowledge. Ideally it, or a similar project, could be organized to enable someone to start learning any new topic and become proficient by browsing and searching the site. Questions could be further categorized to enable better filtering (eg. Mac OS bug, compiler warning message, compiler error message), include specific version solutions (eg. Java 1.5, Java 1.6). A Rosetta Stone feature could be added linking solutions. For example, the question: "How do I reverse a string in [Java]?" could provide links to the Perl, C#, Java, Lisp, Scheme, Javascript solutions. Google is moving to HTML5 on YouTube so there is no benefit here: http://www.youtube.com/html5 Android should just do h.264 video. There is less overhead. Also, won't apps written directly for the native (Java) APIs on Android provide better results? Aren't "native" Windows or Mac apps usually better on their respective platforms? AIR is a nice idea but adding one more layer on a phone with limited resources has to cost something in terms of app performance, battery life, and/or usability. It's good that Google is supporting Flash. However, I think they just need to be careful to make sure that there are a lot more "native" Android apps. Microsoft has had 90% desktop market share for over a decade, with no end in sight. Apple doesn't have that kind of market share, and it's doubtful they can get even close. There's way too much competition with Google, RIM, Palm(hp) and even Microsoft. Google is very strong, microsft will never quit and Palm has another life. Another SA story on high-speed trains in America. I've been reading these stories for 30 years. I finally took the Osaka to Tokyo bullet train last weekend. It was very cool. The more interesting thing was they print your arrival time on the ticket, for whatever stop (eg Kyoto), and that's the exact time you arrive. With Amtrak, you can easily expect a 10 minute delay. Two weeks ago I waited 15 minutes for my girlfriend to arrive from her "45 minute" trip. She was just sitting on A train outside the station waiting for a track to open. So, we really have 2 problems. Slow trains and getting them to arrive on time. All good arguments. Unfortunately, Apple will cause a large reduction in the use of Flash, unless it becomes available on the iPad. scribd, for example, already decided to make the move to HTML5 even before the Apple/Adobe clash. Flash might be able to do more, and browser makers might be implementing an unratified HTML5 spec, but that is how it's going to happen. Bottom line: If a site wants to work on the iPad/iPhone, it needs to avoid using Flash. s 10b aapl go for coffee ... I've noticed you can't make mean comments that have a point either. Becoming pretty obvious? I thought it was really obvious almost 3 months ago. http://news.ycombinator.com/item?id=1129465 The first demo was the most interesting use of Flash. Any demo with video is pointless. The iPad/iPhone are now going to drive sites from Flash video. I'm in the camp where I think together Apple and Google can fix html5 so that Flash isn't necessary. The web is much too important to be built around a plugin, unless Adobe completely open sources their plugin. There are almost 50 Android phones, and every major carrier sells at least one Android phone. Apple can't possibly win against that. In fact, they aren't trying to. They want to build the "best" (in Steve's eyes) phone in the world. They aren't trying to build the phone for everyone. These two tasks are mutually exclusive. Android will find its way onto $5 phones in the developing world, for example. But hey, that sure is a news grabbing headline. Let's not forget JRuby. Java might be stalled but the JVM is really starting to show a lot more value. http://dictionary.reference.com/browse/sensationalist I'm going to say that nothing was staged and we simply have a record of the events that occurred, after the initial attack. I don't think anything was done by the person recording the event to influence the audience. Having a video of an event can certainly provide more insight into an event than a well written article in the NYT. I had to order one online because all 4 Apple stores in Manhattan, and the closest store in NJ, are sold out. I originally thought they would only sell 5 million in the first twelve months. Now I'm guessing 12-15 million. Let's see what happens once you international units ship. 50 million units in 3 years? Mass market? I guess it's hard to be held accountable if they don't define exactly what they mean. People are creating accounts just to troll? Someone needs to address this. Didn't Alan Kay dream it up a couple of decades before that? As much as I am upset at BP, I think the American consumer needs to pay too. We need to tax gas to incentivize people to buy more efficient vehicles and fund alternate energy. Yes, windmills are expensive. Gas was already expensive a few years ago. The consequences were GM was screwed because they sold big cars. People will buy more fuel efficient cars as gas gets more expensive. That is already proven. We could also fund mass transit with the gas tax. We don't need a large tax. Start of with 25 cents and let's take it from there. Seems like http://www.lifelock.com is getting a little slow. Everyone is seeing if his ss# is still there? All Manhattan stores were sold out the weekend of the 8th. I gave up after a few days and ordered mine online. It arrives Friday... Probably be a short supply for a while. International sales are gonna be big too. Alan Kay told everyone in 1968. Dynabook? I'm getting a little tired of this "open" vs. "closed" debate. Someone should ask Richard Stallman what he thinks about writing C# on Windows. There's only one platform on which the millions of lines of C# using Window's CLR are going to run well. Truly open means your software can run anyway, with a bit of effort. Mac software doesn't port well to Windows, native Windows software doesn't port well to Linux. Mac and Windows are walled gardens, they're just bigger gardens. If we could only channel all the pointless effort that went into writing this article, and others like it, into some way to contribute to projects like Diaspora, we could actually accomplish a lot. Imagine if they could efficiently vacuum your floor and mow your lawn. We're still a long way from robot world domination. Until we devise a system where consumer products, or government grants, drive more research like this, the military war machine is necessary for this type of funding. Most public company's with deep pockets live quarter to quarter. Gotta beat those earnings estimates, by a lot. I'm coining "speed chess programming". Getting a bunch of programmings together to hack out a quick project with limited time to think about your next move. Do you have a breakdown of their net profits? My understanding is that the majority of their profits are still from Windows and Office. The other option is to find a market for what they can build. For example, bring more effective advertising to consumers in places they don't normally get it. Something eye catchy? My suggestion was to put ad dollars to good use. That's part of the formula for freemium. It's how X-Prizes are funded. Google is taking us to the moon. We're spending billions on ads every year. The paper kind that show up in my mailbox, that I immediately throw away, are worthless.