How big a scene is Vancouver for HN-type people? I'm thinking of basing my next startup either there or in Seattle, and presence of HN readers would be a positive factor for either. What area of town would be best for a 1-5 person startup office? I'm sort of torn between actual office space and just getting a really nice house or loft for live/work combo for the team. The only way they can do this (legally) without presenting a warrant involves a "National Security Letter", but even those need to go up before a secret court. Another win for redundancy in your hosting! Especially across jurisdictional boundaries. Hopefully the affected customers and service provider will be able to recover damages from business continuity insurance. (Shooting it out with federal agents who have arrived to perform and illegal search/seizure is a bad idea...) I think everyone (except maybe self-interested immigration lawyers) thinks the current system in the US is broken. I think there are two extremes, and the US is inconsistently taking pieces of each. In the United Arab Emirates (UAE, which contains Dubai, ...), there is a fairly open work visa policy for anyone with either enough capital ($50-100k) to set up his own business, or with a job offer paying at least $1-2k/mo for white collar positions (there is also the borderline-slavery $100-500/mo construction industry, but I think that is basically a separate issue). There is no pretense, outside banking and government, that local nationals need to be given first shot at a job. Then, you have countries with citizenship or permanent residency-track-only immigration programs. (I think Canada's program is like this, and some other commonwealth nations.) You don't NEED to become a PR or citizen if you qualify, but almost all work visas qualify toward the PR/C process. The main downside of the UAE system is that skilled people feel very little long-term attachment to the place. e.g. there are non-resident indian families who have lived for generations in UAE, but who are not permanent residents, although they control important businesses. The US has a weird hybrid system, where most green cards, allocated by country and with preference toward reuniting families, go to people who have external reasons to want to stay in the US permanently (family, where they came from was worse, etc), and are generally economically non-productive. We give temporary L1/H1B/etc. visas to the economically productive, disincenting them to stay long term. Basically, the US system is backward -- we should be trying to keep the people who are economically valuable, as they bring net value into the economy, and would allow us to increase the number of immigrants. We should have liberal short and medium term visit visas, etc. for family and tourist and other non-productive immigrants. This looks pretty good -- I'm not sure what kind of event I'd want in 5 years to exit from a bootstrapped company, but having more options is always great. The cynic in me thinks that Obama recognizes startups and small businesses will be the only bright points in the economy, so he wants to do something to make it appear he helped them, or possibly even was the primary reason for their success, by the time 2012 rolls around. However, wanting to be on the winning team isn't a bad thing in public policy. The actual tax code defines "PSC" professional services corporations as described in the above summary, so I assume the implementation of this policy will just exempt PSCs by name. I've been in Iraq and Afghanistan since 2003. There are a lot of issues with the way aid is distributed. The most successful parts of both places, the wireless networks and decentralized power systems, have been totally market driven, and actually hindered more by centralized efforts and regulation than helped. Somalia, where it is too dangerous and chaotic for aid agencies or telco regulators to operate, has cheaper Internet access and mobile calling than almost anywhere else in Africa or the developing world! Communications infrastructure (roads, signals/fiber/wireless, electrical grid) is one of the few areas where scale can be helpful. In Afghanistan there is a lot of money coming through the military to pay for a road network (with benefits to both the foreign militaries and the local economy; dual use technology at its best). Communications is basically wireless backed by satcom, with some microwave backbone and upcoming fiber, with microwave/fiber driven by military and government customers paying top dollar, then going out to connect up the cell systems. For $20/mo you can buy 3G service. One of the biggest issues in Afghanistan is that aside from the US Military, the other US funding agencies (primary US AID) have to operate through local contractors, and a rather inefficient process which leads to overpaying for everything, and thus not accomplishing enough concentrated change to be successful. The "Provincial Reconstruction Teams" are afraid to go out except with a huge military presence, and are pretty sheltered from everything, whereas I was riding around in an old pickup truck with a 9mm and no problems. Irrigation systems are probably the next thing to do after roads (the military has roads under control); these can be done for $5-12k each by local labor, and 20-30 systems per district, all in parallel -- or, you can pay $500k via US AID and get 1-2 systems done after 2 years. The US AID requirement to use local contractors is "trickle down economics" -- basically the hope is that paying an Afghan with political connections $500k to do work will lead to $500k staying in the local economy, paid in wages to other Afghan laborers, etc. It turns out it turns into the connected Afghan spending the same $5-10k to get the project done, and then buying $490k in real estate in Dubai or Canada. Government and government contracting is the opposite of the startup world in every way. Very few people seem to have done both. I'm much more excited by cheaper rents for residential real estate, or commercial to residential conversion. For an under 20 person startup, a suburban house is actually a pretty ideal office; the only potential problem is neighbors complaining about parking and high foot traffic. In low budget mode, most of the founders live AND work in the same house, but even later, using the house as an office with crash space, while founders live in other houses, works well. Plus, rentals on high-end houses are way under mortgage costs, and cheaper per square foot than commercial real estate. Most of the features people want in a great startup office (private workspaces and larger rooms, great kitchens and bathrooms, rest areas) are present in a house much more than an office. For a zero-stage startup, you have to sleep somewhere anyway, so pooling your housing costs and living together makes sense. And eliminating the commute is a big win. Las Vegas, with the large supply of high-end houses, 24x7 things to do, and NV's favorable state tax law, might be a great place for a startup. FIOS or metro fiber would be a big plus (or some kind of fixed wireless). The only way I'd take commercial real estate early on is if the business requires a lot of big dumb company client contacts, or if a commercial landlord were willing to take a convertible note or something as payment. I've seen a few angel investors who threw in use of a vacation home as office, too, which works great. There is a lot government can do to help, mainly by doing less: 1) Reverting bankruptcy laws to pre-2005 2) Health care availability for individuals (if I knew the perfect solution to US health care I'd be doing that as a startup, but some decoupling of employment and health care is key I think southern WA (Vancouver WA, etc.) is the best place to do a startup right now. There's a large population of highly qualified tech people in Portland, OR, but nowhere near enough local employment. Commuting from Portland to Vancouver is feasible, or people could live in WA and also get the income tax benefits, while having Portland's cultural advantages. Southern WA is also very inexpensive relative to the Seattle area, and the local counties are pro business. The only time Adblock Plus blocked something I wanted to see is when I was working for an advertising company and testing ads -- wondering why I didn't see any of them. Heh. I think an easier way to do this is for a forward-thinking hosting provider, colo, etc. in the bay area to offer discounted or free hosting to YC companies (free during the YC period, maybe not after); a few months of free hosting to have a shot at a successful site as customer would be more than worth it. (alternatively, convertible debt) Piggybacking on YC's selection process seems like a good business model in general. The way I've been doing something similar is to take deployed defense contracts which last 3-9 months at a time (Iraq, Afghanistan, etc.), and make enough during that period to live for the rest of the year (and a couple additional years). I've also been working on startup projects in my spare time, since I have good Internet connectivity while doing the day job. The "non-deployed" time can be spent traveling, or working full-time on any of the startup projects which have traction -- with the added benefit that I can provide my own financing up to a series A. Somehow I get more done on projects in early stages when they're "side projects", and this way I don't have to worry about my burn rate during early stages (since it's substantially negative). There are tax benefits ($91k/yr deduction) for being outside the USA 330 days/yr, so once you've done 200-250 days deployed as a contractor in a year, it makes sense to spend the balance outside the US as a tourist -- at a high marginal tax rate that's basically $30k, and I can live comfortably in Vancouver, Bali, New Zealand, Japan, etc. for a few months on way less than that. The #1 thing I've learned is to totally automate my "administrative life" -- I use a mail-scanning mail forwarder, autopay on all my bills, etc. When you travel a lot, it's easy to miss a credit card bill, and it can be a black mark on your credit for 7 years. The other nice thing is most of these contracts are "go home at night and not worry about it", vs. normal consulting where you can be called back at any time to fix something. And, the separation between dayjob and any personal projects is a lot easier in an admin/ops contract than in a developer dayjob. I think it would be even more fun to get a big farm/orchard/ranch with an old farmhouse, sheds, etc., and then bring in high speed fiber, cheap/sustainable utilities, and then put a bunch of 200-1200 square foot cabins in the less-productive, more-scenic parts of the property. Walkable community, private housing, cheap, and then big common areas for workspaces. GSM would allow it to be used in markets without EVDO, although Amazon would need to figure out some kind of roaming agreement, flatrate data pricing, etc. I use my Kindles (K1 and DX, I've seen other people with K2...I'll probably buy one myself for completeness) here in Afghanistan, and am probably going to set up a semi-pirate 1xRTT network, as USB gets old fast. The K1 only does EVDO (for which BTS gear is expensive), but the K2/DX do 1xRTT, so you can hack firmware on some of the consumer femtocells to remove GPS checks or spoof GPS. It's the "foreign earned income exclusion", and it's only the first $91k exempted from US tax (plus a housing allowance, with some restrictions). To get it, you need a "bona fide foreign residence" or 330 days/yr out of the US. I'm actually going to spend the last few months of 2009 on vacation, using the savings in taxes to pay for it, since I'll be out 9-10 months in 2009 just for work. The first 91k is basically 18k in taxes at current rates. They unfortunately changed it from LAST 91k (i.e. the income at your highest marginal rate, easily 33% or 35%) in 2006, at the same time as making it inflation adjusted). http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Foreign_earned_income_exclusion I've been a customer of the technology company behind this for a year ("Earth Class Mail"), and love their service -- scanning postal email is the equivalent for me of google voice transcribing voicemails. I have used mail forwarders for about 12 years now -- starting when I was in the caribbean to do electronic cash development and it took ~6 weeks for mail to get to me, then when I lived on a tiny artificial island off the coast of the UK (Sealand/HavenCo), then with the military at APO/FPO around the world, and other remote sites. Just forwarding mail adds one level of indirection, which is nice, but being able to scan/email or scan/portal the mail is the killer app -- often forwarding is high cost, high latency, and 90% of mail doesn't need to be forwarded, or if viewed first, can be forwarded with much less time sensitivity. Plus, there are a lot of vendors who ship none (or only some) of their products to APO/FPO/overseas, so being able to reship packages is great. (there's also the whole cover order issue; basically traffic analysis for mail, without a warrant. Using multiple jurisdictions for this kind of thing might help, but it is irrelevant to many users) Postal remailers are also great in that they let tiny startups have 24x7 mail coverage, let you appear to be local to a given market, etc. The combination of postal remailers and something like google voice is great for a distributed, small enterprise. Setting up your own reseller through opensrs. Go, but don't use the wifi, or swim in the pools unless you've had ALL your shots. Just auctioning off green cards to people who meet basic requirements (background checks, English fluency) seems to be the fairest way to allocate a scarce resource. I'm not sure if residency (or even citizenship) is naturally or artificially scarce; I don't think rich retirees, or smart entrepreneurs, lower the quality of life for existing citizens, but an argument could possibly be made that lower skill employees might increase supply and thus depress wages for certain categories of labor (especially positions with an inelastic demand). I would certainly prefer 100k immigration slots going to 100k predominantly indian and chinese engineers than 10k indian engineers, 10k chinese engineers, and 80k family members of existing immigrants from around the world of varying education, skill, and wealth. I dropped out of MIT due to money -- I'd received no financial aid and no other assistance, and couldn't get loans (since I was under 18); I tried working and consulting to pay, but ended up about $50k behind in "late tuition payments". I had turned down full honors scholarships to other schools, mainly because I really wanted to go to MIT. Luckily this was 1998 and I left to go start a crypto ecash startup in the Caribbean, first of several startups. I think 1 semester in a top school, then dropping out to do startups, might be a better education than enduring 4 years without really doing anything special. That said, I wish I had been able to complete a degree; I am 30 now and sometimes think about ether going back full-time to MIT, or doing a UK MBA, or taking classes at another school and then either finishing there or returning to MIT. In retrospect, ROTC might have been the best option, but there were a few specific reasons I didn't do it at the time. Actually, there are LOTS of classes and tests on what constitutes the law of land warfare, competent authority, etc. in the military -- way better than anything at MIT or Harvard that I encountered. Yes, these are simplified for junior enlisted personnel ("do this, don't do that", vs. why), but for officers and NCOs it probably goes far beyond what anyone in civilian government, outside the judiciary, thinks about. Having been in multiple combat zones, I think the US military errs too much on the side of legalism. I actually think the US Government, and especially the military, is the wrong tool for counter-insurgency -- there are a lot of people who just need to disappear, or die colorfully, and it would be better if doing so didn't hurt the image of the US. (I say this as a libertarian atheist...) Most of the "rah rah usa usa!" people are not in the military. I use an Aeron; I actually found this one for free, but in the past I've bought used for $250-350. I did actually buy a new aeron once, and then had it air-freighted for $300...and it was entirely worthwhile, sitting in it 15h/day, 7 days a week, for a year or two, and then selling it for the price I paid. (relatively inexpensive) capital goods like chairs, good IPS LCD panels (3 x 24, or 1 x 30), laptops, etc. I'm quite comfortable spending money on, as long as I need them, and get a great price -- it's really only consumables and recurring costs I try to minimize whenever possible. And even there, I am more than 5-10x as good at bringing in revenue when I have $5-25 meals vs. ramen or beans, so false economy is false. I hate dial-in meetings (even a single dial-in can ruin a meeting, unless he is totally ignored). I hate almost all video conferences. I also hate unnecessary travel. (I've been stuck doing 4 voice conferences/week with people on very bad DSN phones on multiple continents, using substandard audio bridges, and with inconsistent use of "mute" -- 50% of the time is wasted on introductions of who is speaking, "oh, can you repeat that", etc.) The least-bad meetings I've found are on IRC -- especially if there is technical content to be discussed. I would make "is comfortable having meetings on IRC or one on one discussions in IM" a firm requirement for anyone in a startup. I think a bunch of "social" meetings, dinners, etc., combined with "real meetings" on IRC where remote people can participate as first-class attendees, is the best. Wave actually looks like it might be even better than IRC. Chile seems like a great place to live while working on a foreign startup (located in another, zero-tax jurisdiction). As a non-citizen tourist in the country, you'd pay no income tax locally. I'd far prefer to live in Chile than the zero-tax places (UAE, Panama, etc.) Of course, a totally virtualized business could be run from basically anywhere on the same terms. Find someone in SF looking for a roommate? (I just moved back to SOMA from Afghanistan and am moving into a huge commercial space live/work with someone and one empty spot, starting in January) The normal way to solve this in government and big dumb companies (which issue RFPs) is to have one domain-specific expert firm awarded an RFP management contract, recusing itself from the actual implementation contract, which then specifies what will be in the RFP. Judging the proposals is a combination of the client and process-management contractor, and in some, the management contract manages the ongoing relationship with the contractor as well. It's inefficient for best case (you have 2 contracts instead of one), but solves a lot of worst-case problems (bribery or incompetence leading to a rigged bidding process, companies awarding themselves contracts, or buying a perfect but wrong thing). I'm not sure of the background of the author, but RFPs are standard in a lot of domains. I'd join the military, as long as you have non-financial reasons to do so. Then, you have a bunch of options -- get out after your contract, go reserves/ng, or retire after 20 and have a second career. I'd rather see more efforts to bring women into the top of the startup funnel, vs. singling them out later on if they become successful. There is some value in having good examples of successful women in entrepreneurship in convincing more women that they should consider it, but I think "this person in my graduate department launched a startup" is probably more significant (regardless of gender) than "a famous woman startup founder and CEO exits, although I've never met her". women 2.0 actually does a pretty good job with other programs to try to bring qualified women into the startup world (partnership with Founder Institute, various meetups, etc.). I think the most valuable thing would be attracting more women into college entrepreneurship clubs, entrepreneurial classes in undergraduate and MBA programs, and in non-startups, encouraging them to take responsibility to project/product management on products which may become spinouts or startups. Launch one of 3 projects as an actual startup, quit dayjob. 1) infrastructure/platform related to security 2) hardware device with social network features 3) consumer-focused webapp in data aggregation/presentation I've spent the last couple months since getting back from Afghanistan working on all 3 at early stages, finding potential cofounders, clients, funding, etc., and am pretty much at the decision point. Should be going full-time with one of them in January (I need to hit a vesting cliff of 12-31-2009 before doing so, counting down the hours...) I would really like it, especially if it defaulted to "off", and you could set certain account age, karma, or karma-per-last-timeperiod thresholds for people to contact you. Even if messages just got forwarded on to email vs. a mailbox on the site. Being a low cost producer is a great survival strategy, even for a new entrant. Walmart, Amazon, and PC vs. Minicomputer are good examples. You can either use your cost advantage to undercut prices profitably, or use your large margins to outspend on R&D, marketing, etc. Selling at low prices given the same cost structure is not a good survival strategy. "We lose money on every unit but we'll make it up on volume!" I guess I'm alone in hoping for a Nehalem-based Macbook Pro revision (I really want a 17" WUXGA MBP with an i7 CPU to replace a MBP 3,1 15") Ronald Coase (one of the top 10 economists ever) has a paper about this: firm size is related to factors including communication complexity. http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/The_Nature_of_the_Firm http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Ronald_Coase There are big problems I'd like to solve (cheap space launch optimized for LEO satellite constellations, nuclear power), but since firm size for those problems right now is high, I'd rather work on less-interesting problems which can be more readily addressed by startups, at least until technology advances to let 1) $200k is pretty weak, even for today (it's gone downhill overall). If you can get a secret (basically, us citizen and not a felon), and have decent tech skills, you should be at $200-350k. 2) It's not tax free. The FIRST ~$85k is tax-exempt, which saves you about 18k. You then pay taxes at the normal 27-36% rates above that. My win s that I don't have an apartment back in the US, so my only expenses while here are car payment, storage, and server colo. 3) Big difference in quality of life throughout the country -- if you're on base at Balad or Victory it's basically like living in a small town in the US. If you're out in a Bn or smaller unit on an iraqi army base, or out in the city, it's a lot different. I've done a variety. 4) If you've never been in the military or had contact with it, I'd do it for a year just for the experience -- it's actually something I think everyone should do for a couple years. The biggest downsides for me: 1) I gained about 20 pounds last year in Afghanistan living on Bagram, due to the shitty but high-calorie carb-laden food. 2) Generally, working for government is the anti-startup. You are specifically instructed not to take any initiative, everything is more concerned about process than results, etc. Actual combat is different, but there is no real combat in Iraq or Kuwait now, and in Afghanistan it is unlikely a contractor involved in direct combat support would be posting like this on hackernews. (If I could get a job where I got to put bullets into bad guys 12-24h/day, I'd do it for $20k/yr, but aside from joining a government agency or the military, it would be difficult to find a contractor in 2010 who does this ... blackwater/triple canopy/etc. etc back in 2003-2005 were about the only ones) 3) There is no firm end date. I did this for 6 months just to see what it would be like, and have wasted about 4 of the past 5 years in the sandbox. I'm planning to leave in a few months to work on a startup of my own in the USA again (maybe YC 2010 Summer!), using some of my experiences from here, but it's totally possible to keep doing this indefinitely. 4) The war is definitely winding down, so pay, upward mobility, etc. continue to decrease 5) People in the defense industry are NOT like startup people -- there are huge amounts of fraud, backstabbing, incompetence, etc. Startup deals for $50m can be done on a handshake; here you need lawyers, contracts, audits, etc. or you will get fucked. Heh, that article was written about me by my friend Jon! It's not really very realistic for 2010 working for a big contractor, in 2005 things were in flux and I ran my own tiny company. Also, people here do not realize: An IT contractor (presumably for ITT, at that low salary) is working at a helpdesk on a big base. The contact with locals is almost zero. You'll encounter a lot of interesting third country nationals (filipinos, indians, etc.) working on base, but that's about it. Mainly, you will be dealing with other Americans (military or contractor. It's basically the most boring helpdesk job possible in a boring environment. The "contact with local culture" is "local vendor sets up a shop on base selling overpriced carpets and camel figurines". If you just want contact with an exotic culture, go backpacking in India/Nepal/Indonesia/etc. The only reason for defense contracting in 2010 is money, and "seeing what the military is like up close" (I thought it was much more homogenous and omnipotent than it turned out to be. I'm not sure if I like it more or less now) On security in 2010: 1) Afghanistan can still be dangerous. The risk for a trigger puller/door kicker is very high, but for an IT contractor it's about the same as riding a motorcycle 50-100mi/day in Seattle. 2) Iraq is actually safer (on base, for IT contractors) than living in a lot of big but not especially nice cities. The biggest risk is honestly chronic health conditions (like a heart attack) or people having emotional/relationship/etc. issues and self-inflicted injury. 3) Kuwait is INSANE. Specifically, driving off-base is insane. I drive about 2-3h/day between US bases, and see one obviously-fatal motor vehicle accident on the highways every day. The only time in my life I've ever done CPR and treated arterial bleeding (I'm an IT guy, not a doctor!) was responding to a Kuwaiti on Kuwaiti vehicle accident a couple years ago. I'd say the risk is about the same as riding 50-100 miles/day on a motorcycle, drunk, in a not-especially-motorcycle-friendly city. 4) Qatar is like Kuwait only safer. 5) Bahrain is safer than Kuwait and fun, except on Thursday/Friday when lots of drunk Saudi weekend guys show up, turning it into Kuwait-level danger. There are lots of reasons to do or not do this, but safety is basically not an issue (except if you're driving between bases in Kuwait, which people don't really do) check out the big defense contractors: ITT General Dynamics Dyncorp KBR/Halliburton L-3 General Atomics CACI Basically, if you want to be doing something decent, make sure you can get at least secret (not a felon, a US citizen), be vaguely professional and competent (certs are a plus, like CISA/CISSP/CCDP), and familiar with the technologies they want (it's a big crappy AD/MS network, but there's also a lot of IP stuff). There is a pretty wide gap between the actual bad guys who must be killed (Al Qaeda, other transnational terrorist groups, and the hard core of the insurgencies in many countries..the people who go around blowing up schools, chopping off hands of those who vote, etc.), and the majority of the enemy (who are purely mercenary foot soldiers, or common/pretty criminals, or some kind of tribal/ethnic group). The ideal outcome is to separate the really bad guys and let tier-1 US units go after them (kill or capture; with kill being the most common outcome), while using politics and economics to reduce the number of the second category, convert them into either peaceful civilians or members of the security establishment in the country, etc. Saddam, Uday, Qusay, and the other leaders: kill or capture Top-level baathists: prosecute using local courts Iraqi soldiers, local tribal militias, etc.: Bring them into the IP/IA/etc. That's been the (successful) strategy since ~2006. (I was actually AGAINST the Iraq war, because it was a distraction from going after Al Qaeda globally) There's also preference for small businesses, service related disability, veteran, etc. on certain contracts. I'd like to see female and minority preference phased out over time (which it is) due to their success in the overall marketplace, but at present I can see some benefit to keeping preference. The biggest problem I have with defense contracting is that the people in the contracting office often are not subject matter experts in what they buy. This is less true with vehicles, pencils, etc. It is particularly true with IT. I'm not very familiar with the huge weapons systems purchases -- those are probably subject to a lot of other factors since there are only a few firms who can compete. Part of this is due to the general government skills shortage in IT, but more that the top IT people tend to remain in operational roles, vs. going over to contracting. The problems happen at the requirements phase -- government asking for very specific terms which exclude functional products, e.g. specifying file formats, number and type of hardware, etc. Sometimes this is for integration with existing government equipment, but more often it is because whoever specified the contract doesn't understand the set of possible solutions. In a lot of cases, too, a 95% solution that is COTS (and thus has less schedule risk, lower cost, etc.) is superior to a 100% solution which has to be custom built. They HAVE gotten a lot better at this in the 1990s and 2000s. Part of the problem is an essentially limitless budget. I actually wonder the same thing sometimes -- I'm 30, went to MIT from age 16-18 but dropped out due to lack of money, went to found a few startups, and am now doing defense contracting (for another few months). When I get back, I am trying to decide what to do -- mainly a startup full time, or a startup/consulting part time plus going back to school (presumably either MIT or UW, maybe Stanford). I'd probably do aero engineering at UW, or nuke or biomed or mech eng at MIT, and then would do a startup in those fields. The main benefits I see for a degree at 30, when one is already pretty well established in the work force, are access to grad school, and foreign visa apps. While I could certainly learn useful CS in an academic program at this point, I think I'm able to learn on my own about as efficiently by now -- however, that's less true for a new field. From a purely financial standpoint it is probably a bad idea; 2-4 years of lost earnings, plus direct costs. At 18, I would almost definitely do college (actually, I'd probably take 1-2 years off and THEN do school, and try to do a program which had a lot of coop/work experience). If nothing else, avoiding going into the job market for 2010-2014 is worth it. I drive even when I live in San Francisco. A (nice) car costs about $1k/mo to keep in SF (parking, registration, insurance, payment) before the first mile driven, but it is how I would spend my marginal $1k at $5k/mo. 1) I need 24x7 access to datacenters, some of which are in super sketchy parts of town (200 Paul, in HP) or are in the South Bay. A taxi might be an option, but a couple $200 taxi rides per month, plus an hour of waiting, would be a real pain. 2) I enjoy going on long trips, by land, with minimal planning. Rental cars are more cost effective with depreciation, but I like having a familiar car, very well maintained, and keeping my firearms/EMT kit/etc. pre-positioned in the vehicle. I'd consider flying, but my circle of equal pain makes driving to LA a 100%, and driving to vegas kind of borderline. I drive to Portland or Seattle even. Avoiding the hassle of the airport, more cargo capacity, and having a familiar vehicle on the other end, all add up. 3) Shooting sports. Going to a shooting range with a long-arm on public transit is a no-go :) Also, try taking 50 pounds of ammo on the bus. 4) Grocery shopping and other routine chores -- zipcar could accomplish a lot of this (and I have zipcared a pickup truck a few times, although their maintenance leaves a lot to be desired) 5) I love cars and driving, although not so much in SF itself. Parking in SF largely makes driving in SF unpleasant. 6) I enjoy having more stuff with me than I can comfortably carry, and the car serves as a portable locker. Having a spare laptop battery, paper, cases of bottled water, etc. a quick trip to the car away is nice. Plus, while it's slightly paranoid, having a vehicle with emergency supplies nearby, and a means of travel, radio, power source, etc. is reassuring -- if there were an earthquake or other disaster, there's a limit to what survival supplies I might have on my person, but my car is good for 96h. If I were commuting between SFO and SEA a lot, I'd probably buy a second car and keep one on each end, just to avoid needing public transit. (and someday I'd go for a plane!) None of this would be solved by a plush seat (like 1st class) or lack of crazy people and urine smell (like cabs vs. muni). I am probably an outlier in the combination of these, but not on each individual point. I do try to avoid needing a long daily commute, either through wfh or living near the office, so I can keep the car parked and walk to/from the office. Still, I'd prefer a 10 minute drive to a 60-90 minute muni/bart/caltrain adventure to get to/from the office! I met some of the Willow Garage people at SHDH a couple months ago -- they are pretty awesome, even compared to startups. I remember they were looking for a great python developer at the time. I love seeing the hardware part of robotics abstracted away so people who are better at software can build on top of that, sharing code, rather than everyone making their own hardware platform THEN software. I also dropped out of high school (and never bothered to get a GED; I went to college for a while and then dropped out to do a startup, so I've ended up with neither diploma). It's kind of fun being able to put "high school dropout" on forms, while not being a deadbeat. I was 16. MIT doesn't really care about high school diplomas. I'd already done 1580/1600 SAT and had a grad student and associate prof at MIT write letters of recommendation based on performance in a summer program (social engineering...) My current favorite for "productive work machines" vs. games/movies is 3 portrait-mode 1200x1920 monitors. These need to be thin-bezel, and IPS panel, so they have decent vertical (now horizontal) viewing angles -- Dell U2410 work great. I could deal with higher resolution, but that physical angle works great at arms length, keeping everything in the mostly-focus area. I usually keep a laptop off to the side for non-work communications tasks, out of my direct view, and ideally have another screen or two some distance away for alerts/uptime/etc. or external news. I still use a single 30" Dell when I am using a laptop which can only drive one monitor, and a single 1920x1200 dispay (or even a 1080p display, like a 55" LCD) when the primary output is video/gaming. I did FI Bay Area Winter 2009 (but dropped out midway through because I had to go to the middle east for dayjob, and couldn't quit dayjob without seriously screwing over a coworker). I may do FI again (they let you go on to the next session if you drop out), and I would definitely suggest FI to anyone looking for that kind of program. Adeo is great, and many of the mentors are awesome. As a direct comparison for launching a product, YC is better than FI because it's full-time vs. part time, but FI is great. However, getting into FI and going along for 2 months might make it more attractive to stay, having invested those 2 months. FI is also a little more about the business, YC is more about the product -- FI would actually be even better as a follow-on to a YC semester. I would probably go ahead and do FI as a learning experience, then evaluate when YC responds to you whether you should drop out or not. (answer would probably be yes, but this is the first semester for FI Paris and it might be amazing) If you wanted to actually relocate to the bay area, YC or FI Bay Area would probably be more valuable than FI Paris, since the mentors/angels in the Paris program are probably going to be European. That would be my biggest factor in deciding. I did the Bay Area Winter 2009 program (although I dropped out halfway through for dayjob emergency; I may go back for Summer 2010). FI is great for several reasons: 1) It focuses more on developing entrepreneurs, vs. necessarily companies. The requirement that you incorporate to graduate is kind of at odds with this, but definitely the curriculum for the first half of the program is compatible with coming up with an idea and launching it within the program. 2) It's compatible with having a day job during the program -- if you have good time management skills, you can keep the day job while attending FI, launching your company, and thus not have to worry about funding. This is a major differentiator vs. YC. 3) Some of the mentors (IMO Aaron Patzer, Jon Betts-Croix, Ram from A9, and some others) were fucking AMAZING. It's worth $600 just to see their sessions. 4) You have some chance of meeting great cofounders in the program -- I actually met a few people I'd be happy to work with, and have gone down the road to doing a startup with someone from the program. For the ideal training to do a startup (other than JFDI), I'd do an entrepreneurship program in undergrad (e.g. MIT E-Club, 100k contest), then something like YC to build a product, and Founder Institute to learn about the nuts and bolts of running a company, possibly interspersed with time spent working at either startups or funded former-startups. This isn't a great opportunity: 1) There are tools to let you stream to airport extremes, e.g. Airfoil. 2) Competing on price is fail. Competing on a fundamental COST differential is sometimes win, assuming the incumbents aren't willing to lower prices to force you out. There is a difference. You surely won't be buying DACs and such cheaper than Sonos, so your only way to be cheaper is to accept lower margins. You could maybe carve out a tiny niche at a lower price such that it is not worth it for Sonos to lower their own prices (for fear of lowering their total profits), but I know I would rather be Sonos selling at $800 than a competitor selling a smaller volume at $250. 3) A $50 BOM is probably a $250 product. Also, in hardware, going from $50 BOM to $150 BOM (or, going to ipod-level volumes) lets you buy MUCH better DACs and such. Plus, industrial design. The only opportunity I see is for an "embeddable sonos standard" where you actually eliminate the device entirely, and are built into AVR or TV. However, that is a lot easier for a big CES vendor than a startup. Or, something Sonos themselves could do. Competing just on price (within a fairly narrow window, like less than 10x) seems like a fail. $100 BOM turns into a $200-300 product. If a $300 product came out, Sonos could easily come out with a feature-reduced version of their product. Usually I see the start date for 4 years for founder vesting back-dated to start when the people actually started working on the project, not necessarily from taking funding or even incorporation. The product would need to be sold in retail to actually reach most customers, so your $40 BOM is going to be a $100 product (with your per unit costs like assembly, test, packaging, shippng) and then a $200+ product at retail. The challenge is the squeeze from airfoil, roll your own, or just moving your ipod into the other room on the low end, and Sonos on the high end. Sonos can always drop their pricing and produce a Sonos Lite for $250 if you become a threat. Unless you come up with a fundamentally cheaper way to do something, it's hard to justify doing a startup. A fundamentally cheaper way in this case is selling Airfoil -- their marginal cost is $0. They can be more profitable selling Airfoil for $10 than you would be selling AlmostSonosLite for $200. The other problem is user adoption and marketing -- the set of potential users for this is pretty small, relative to the overall consumer electronics market. Convincing people they actually need this is going to be very hard. The main use cases I see for wireless speakers are wireless rears in an HT system to avoid running cable, and temporary setups in large spaces (like at a party outdoors). The core Sonos use case, listening to a central repository of music or HT audio in multiple rooms, seems rather specialized, and a lot of the potential customers would value the higher audio quality and polish of the sonos system enough to pay for it. If you're not going to put good speakers + amp in each room, having a good quality portable system (like a dock for an ipod) seems like the standard solution. The biggest indicator that this is a soft market is that Sonos hasn't sold a huge volume in 6 years, even adjusting huge volume for their pricing being kind of high. Fundamentally bayesian antispam, netflix, and amazon all win because they generate recommendations as a side effect of user actions (ideally "what they buy/watch", but even just marking things with stars or tags). Hunch is a failure because it tries to get users to explicitly generate recommendations. Humans are unreliable self-reporters. I think a domain expert can be a stronger founder than a programmer, if it's the right kind of domain. You either need to know what needs to be built, or how to build it, to have a chance (ideally, you'd know both) I'll bet with 99% certainty a non-programmer cannot run a successful programming tool startup, though :) This is going to hurt startups. (the health care part is theoretically nice, but offset by the tax implications) Short-term capital gains will be 15% (Fed) + 5% (Fed Increase in 2011) + 3.8% (this) + 10.3% (California). 34.1% capital gains! This does not compare favorably to anywhere else in the world. For a CA startup founder, capital gains are going to be 1.5-3x higher than most countries. This is an issue primarily because (half?) of US startups are founded by immigrants. At some point, it becomes more attractive for an immigrant to go to Vancouver, BC (21.5% tax rate, much easier immigration process, better quality of life than SFBA) or even to remain in India or China. The tax advantages might also push for Hong Kong or Singapore startups, with 0% capital gains and very low income tax. A big number minus 34.1% is still better for an exit than a much smaller number minus a small percentage, but California is definitely not the only place to do a startup. I think the combined CA + US tax burden might reduce marginal angel investments. It probably won't affect VC investments, but doubling my tax burden on a win means I'd need to double the odds of a win, or the size of the wins, and that might not be feasible as an angel, who could otherwise spend the money on a new boat. I am unconvinced the health care result of this will be good enough for someone with a family to be comfortable going on relatively inexpensive insurance. As a healthy, single, 20-40 year old guy with no risk of children, I'm fine with an $80/mo catastrophic plan, and I suspect a lot of people starting startups are the same, or have health care from a spouse's job. A single parent is not in a great position to do a startup for a lot of reasons, and someone with a lot of chronic health issues requiring expensive medical care probably isn't either. The status quo of health care definitely retards entrepreneurship. Increased taxes also retard entrepreneurship (in a historically well documented way, although maybe the effect between 15-23.8% isn't a well tested range). I am not sure which has a larger effect here. I definitely would like to see some health insurance changes, just not the ones in this bill, and not by taxing capital to pay for services to individuals. Actually reducing costs would be my #1 approach -- politically unpopular, but I'd be fine with subsidized or free basic care for everyone, but no free advanced care for those without private insurance. Private insurance purchased by individuals, with or without a tax deduction, and totally decoupled from employers. I sent you long email describing. Basically I'd like to see public subsidized or free health care at the NHS level (i.e. kind of crap, but good enough), with available free relatively-unregulated private insurance and private care. I figure it would cost $1-2k/person/yr for the public side (excluding old people in medicare, which is another huge problem), which is a lot less than is spent now covering marginally insured people, overhead of medicaid, etc. I'd get employers totally out of the insurance game. This is politically unpopular (some people WILL get lower quality free care under this plan than they get today, and some people might get lower quality care than under employer-provided care, if they choose to spend the savings on something else like food or education, which might be rational!) Also, I think the US Government is possibly more incompetent in running healthcare (I work in DoD healthcare, so I see this firsthand...) than the UK or Canadians or French. Indeed, USAA is great. They're also the least-bad insurance option. Some of the other service-related credit unions (Navy Federal, Pentagon Federal, Tower Federal (NSA)) are pretty decent too. I live in Seattle (except I am in Kuwait) WA kind of sucks for tech businesses due to the B&O tax, which is a gross receipts tax. This doesn't hurt you until you have revenue, but if you're a low-margin business with huge revenue, it means you suffer, even if you're not profitable. (it's something like 0.5% on gross revenue). NV is probably the best somewhat-viable-for-startup state (Las Vegas or Reno), but I'd rather live in Seattle, Portland, or SF if in the USA. I kind of prefer Vancouver, WA for a tech startup, too, because then you can take advantage of the huge unemployed market of early-20s developers who moved to Portland, OR for lifestyle reasons, plus all the HP/Intel/etc. talent. There are a lot of factors other than taxes which affect an individual startup, but taxes affect new business creation in aggregate. This is great news -- I think Europe is fertile ground for doing startups. Europe only has one fundamental disadvantage for startups -- that there aren't a lot of startups yet. Three factors: 1) European employment regulations: which largely wouldn't apply in a tiny startup, or could be circumvented through use of contractors. This is the one area where government could have a positive impact. 2) Lack of investors -- there are a few great ones (Index, Atomico, Seedcamp) but there isn't a huge pool of medium-good firms to pitch, or to syndicate on deals. Even bigger, there aren't anywhere near as many tech angels as NYC or Austin, to say nothing of SFBA. The solution is to have more successful exits like Skype. 3) Lack of entrepreneurial education in colleges or programs -- Founder Institute, Seedcamp, and a few others are changing these. I'd love to see European universities focus on startups. I'm planning to go full-time on a startup this summer, and would definitely do it in Europe (Berlin, Scandinavia, Netherlands, Poland, or the Baltics) or Canada if I could get financing and visas, rather than the US. It's going to be a lot easier to recruit top talent from India/China based on easier visas, and even though it might be easier in SFBA, I think the marginal extra startup in SF will have a harder time getting the top 5 people than the marginal extra startup in Europe, since there's less competition. LT Capital Gains are taxed at 34.1% in California once this bill passes. 15% + 5% 2010 increase + 9.3% CA + 1% CA Mental Health + 3.8% Health Care capital gains. ST Capital Gains will be taxed at 39.6% top income bracket + 5% surcharge + 9.3% + 1% + 3.8% once this bill passes. 58.7%. (A $20m sale of a startup in less than 12 months start to finish is kind of unrealistic, but you could easily be a mezzanine investor, or could have operated a business for a long time before formally doing stock, so it is possible, if not likely for an actual entrepreneur) The correct thing in both of these cases is probably to hold and write options or something against stock, to avoid realizing the gain, and hope that somehow tax rates rationalize in the future. 20-25% all-in capital gains is probably the limit before it seriously disincents investment. Taubes explains this (sort of) by explaining that fructose goes straight to the liver, thus not contributing to glycemic index, but doing something to the liver related to insulin to make fat cells more likely to uptake the glucose in the blood. The science isn't fully understood, but it is definitely testable. I like starting companies in general because I like: * seeing direct effects from what I do (it's like a game!) * freedom and responsibility to make important decisions, not filling in TPS reports all day * Expressing opinions about what technologies are useful (because they solve problems efficiently), and solving important problems with those technologies * working with people who feel the same way (employees + customers) I am starting my next company (#3) (full-time this summer) because I'd like to see cloud computing/virtualized infrastructure made (more) secure, and applied to hard problems. I'd rather live in a world with this technology. I'm willing to give up fairly comfortable 200-400k/yr. I believe the expected value per year at the startup exceeds that, but that isn't really a factor in my decision. I'd do it for free and wait tables to pay the rent. Doing a startup only because you want the end result (exit) seems like a way to be miserable for most of your life. I agree -- and it's amazing how bad the existing software is. (I work in this field). It would be a great place to do a startup (there are a bunch of niches which could easily support multiple companies) -- it's mainly implementing open but antiquated specs from the late 1980s, doing interop testing with existing vendors, and being able to go through the long sales cycle. You would want some MDs on the team, which makes it kind of expensive (young MDs need to pay off their schooling, and older ones would be giving up profitable jobs). The $40-80k per EHR thing is a big market opportunity. I work with DICOM more than HL7. DICOM is very frustrating, especially because the task it tries to solve could be so easily done. I think DICOM-related products (an open stack for equipment vendors, various PACS and other tools, etc.) would be easy projects to get to baseline. That is more true for EHR than for a lot of the more specialized systems in radiology, pharmacy, lab, etc. For those, it's much more clearly a CS problem, with a UI component, and then some interaction with existing crappy systems (mainly the EHR). The EHR itself is the black hole of suck. It almost always ends up being like an ERP package, with either an off the shelf package (e.g. SAP) where the workflow is changed to accomodate the package, or a semi-custom consulting product built around specific workflow. Luckily, the more specialized stuff is actually vastly simpler. Yeah, it is nice to be able to work on something where you can be at a party and someone mentions a motorcycle accident or something, and you can point out how the product you work on was involved in saving his life. More meaningful than yet another social network game. I heard this was about $500k in additional cost and maybe +6mo, starting from a reasonable technical basis, which doesn't seem that bad. There's also the "sell it outside the USA, then sell inside the USA" model. Most of the justification for a doctor's prescription for routine is that the doctor will catch drug interactions, side effects, or changes in the disease. This is pretty bogus given automated testing and the really minimal level of interaction the doctor has with the patient on most followup visits. A lot of it is also to shield from liability. I can sort of buy an argument for NP or MD prescribing initial medication, but cheap testing should allow followup care to be much better and cheaper (send a complete blood panel, urinalysis, and basic info to the doctor over the internet every week, from home, etc.) The current "doc in a box" style clinic (largely to get around prescribing requirements) is doing more to provide affordable access to health care than anything in the new health care bill. Molecular gastronomy would be a fun thing to try at one of the hacker spaces (hacker dojo, noisebridge, ...) (or just one well-equipped kitchen). Several cooking techniques (e.g. sous vide) use some interesting electronics and control systems, combined with chemistry. I've also seen some traditional techniques/foods (smoker for pulled pork) augmented with monitoring systems (it posts to twitter when ready). Switching food distribution from "ship finished packaged processed product to end user for consumption" to "query local ingredients, do local processing in a semi-automated fashion, profit" would be interesting. If you could make the tools smarter, and give step by step instructions and instant feedback/correction if something goes wrong, cooking would be a lot easier, and more fun. (e.g. making a sauce, a camera could observe if it is too thin, and suggest a specific amount of cornstarch to add) Sort of like the "rock band" of cooking. I still am confused by the WikiLeaks budget request -- $200k minimum exclusive of salaries per year just to keep the lights on? $600k with a couple salaries? JYA did this with cryptome for YEARS as a hobby. The only real value they provide is the anonymization of submissions -- there are technical ways to do this, but most people with information won't know about those technologies beforehand. Authenticating the information could be done with a cryptographic signature, possibly by an unknown signer. Operate on the "last 100 0-days signed by this key when initially published were good, #101 is probably good too" basis, to build a brand. The problem of maintaining a nice repository for the information is much much simpler, once it's already online. Google could do this for most data (just include a special string in the file), and for stuff google won't touch, there are plenty of people who would pass it around informally. This reminds me of routergod: http://www.routergod.com/ Fake celebrity essays/interviews about technical topics. I lived/worked in the Tenderloin and in the "bad part" of SoMA for a while, and have personally observed: * Club kid (homeless? probably not) shitting on the street, sheltered behind my car. 300 lumen flashlight beam and "what the fuck are you doing, get the fuck away from my car" and he ran off. I had to step over a pile of warm shit to enter my vehicle and drive away. * Multiple incidents of presumably-compensated sexual acts in alleyway, near the door to my apartment. * A double-homicide approximately 100' from my front door, which I happened to observe because I was looking out of my window onto the street at the time -- one of the victims ran around the entire block, leaving a blood trail, before expiring. Blood trail was not cleaned until mid-day. I am concerned about which cities you visit if you find SF streets to be some of the cleanest! Baghdad and Kabul are on par (more actual dirt, blood, and random limbs; less shit and used condoms) I still don't understand the hyperfocus on cost savings without looking to increasing income. For a startup, saving costs allows you more time to try to develop product-market fit and thus increase income. In the long run I'd far prefer a $10m revenue, $1m costs business to a $100k revenue, $10k costs business, assuming I have the same percentage ownership. Same thing with life -- if I can make much more money by living in a place like SF or NYC, it's more tempting than living in the midwest and making much less. iPods still cost the same in NYC and rural Iowa. One of the problems until recently with Ireland was massive inflation in salaries and housing costs. Even with low taxes, it's difficult for a startup to get started and grow there (sort of a victim of their own success). Hopefully now that real estate prices have dropped a bit, Ireland can grow more from productive things like startups vs. speculation. I have seen 150/hr corp to corp or 1099 for single-person developers. Time spent getting contracts, doing administration, etc. means you can't bill for 100% of your time, but you can definitely make 200-300k/yr pre-tax pre-expense if you work like a dog. Taxes in CA will cut that down to 100-150k net, so it is more like a 100-200k/yr job. Tupolevs aren't exactly the safest of planes, and I think the President flew a lot more hours than most people. Also, I wouldn't be surprised if there was pressure put on the aircrew to not divert from their schedule/destination, due to VIPs. I wouldn't rule out conspiracy theories, but I would definitely say there was a higher than baseline chance that the official story is what happened. I can't figure out which site he's talking about (I assumed eHarmony, but they don't seem to use "elite" as branding, and searching for elite dating brought up only escort agencies). If you can take the productivity hit to do this, I would be interested. My preferred format is kindle/iPad ebook of some kind, although PDF is fine too. I would pay up to $20/mo, but $5 would be more fair. (I figure I'd save 5-10 hours a month, with only some loss of quality). It's like methadone for a heroin addict. I'd also appreciate a hackernews-to-rss which actually embedded the body of the article AND the comments, which you could maybe do as a related service. If it were properly paginated to work well on various mobile devices, especially synced to work with no online connectivity during reading, it would be great. iPhone, Android, iPad, Kindle would be great targets. I think ignoring copyright is the way to go. A hackernews dating site would be amazing, except for the demographic problem of too many heterosexual males. My favorite sites so far for meeting people for dating have been flickr, chow, and dpreview. I suspect travel sites would also work pretty well. Attractive females in the 18-25 bracket are pursued by men in the 18-death age bracket, far more than 18-25 year old men are pursued by women in the 18-death age bracket. This leads to scarcity, and men use "rich", "high-status", "famous", etc. to differentiate themselves. Male competition for breeding rights is the bedrock of human civilization (and probably for animals too) I really have no idea why people are so afraid of them. Maybe I'm foolish, but compared to someone like Scientology, I doubt they're terribly effective at harassment. I posted their URL on the original blog in a comment. If they contact me, I'll probably post it widely and contact the EFF. (if they'd like to try some kind of extrajudicial methods, I hope they visit me at my office, behind the 3 machine-gun-armed checkpoints) Not really; the hassle of maintaining a hackintosh is high. (I've considered it). Your time should be worth the $650 or so. I would consider the W510 to be a closer analogue, too. In general I think the video adds nothing to the Mixergy interviews -- I wish there were a way to subscribe to mp3 only. Some kind of interview + screencast/demo would be vastly more interesting, but harder or impossible to do live. I also appreciate the snowball microphone Andrew bought, and wish his guests had similar quality setups (a few have, many have not). It would also be nice to use a better audio codec and better buffering. Thank you! I love mixergy; it's probably my third favorite online news source after hn and news.google.com; it just beats out economist and quora. How hard is it to set up a Vancouver startup independently, if you have 2-3 US citizens who want to relocate? Assume you have $100-200k of your own funding. Gaming the tax credits seems like it takes a bit of effort, but lowers the effective tax rate substantially below even Nevada. http://blog.bootuplabs.com/2010/04/14/wertz-joins-board-firs... I'm not really sure how I feel about this. It seems like they behaved pretty reasonably for a regular company, but as a fiduciary, they probably should have held off and not funded anyone without funds in the bank, vs. relying on a mid-term capital call. (I wonder who bailed on the capital call and why) After this, I would probably be reluctant to move to Vancouver based on their line of credit promise unless I could see the funds in escrow; a LoC of $100k should mean $100k in an account I control, with equity going to them based on how much I withdraw. If they were Sequoia I'd be willing to accept a promise, but clearly how they have demonstrated they have pretty limited resources. They at least seem fairly transparent about everything, so it's not dishonesty, merely bad judgment. I'm also curious why 4/7 were cut -- was it that they were mediocre teams/products that Wertz didn't want to fund, or was it just that you ran out of money in the bridge period? It seems unlikely to me the latter, or you would have tried to structure some kind of bridge (or asked the teams to do this themselves by not drawing on the line of credit, which seems to be your only marginal cash expense per team). How else would you pick which companies to keep vs. eject? I'm not trying to be a dick, but when you burn people (even unintentionally or with the best of intentions), it makes it harder for everyone else to do deals. It's pretty common for VCs to have the company being invested in pay for legal/research/etc. expenses out of the investment amount -- so you raise $500k and immediately pay $50k back to the VC for their costs. It's weirder here due to the small scale of investment relative to the costs, and the non-cash services, but not totally implausible. I could see someone smart investing a small amount purely for bizdev/dealflow. I like accelerators for two reasons: 1) Having a same-time-founded cohort of companies. Moral support, entertainment, and when ~80% of them fail, you can pick and choose assets (great developers) having great visibility into them. 2) I like the idea of accelerators for people with $0 and just out of college or high school, or who need structure. If I could give 5% of my company to give an accelerator a win (both in money upside and reputation), I'd do it, especially if I were in a third-tier city like Vancouver which deserves a second tier startup population. Are there any other incubators in Vancouver, ideally associated fairly directly with real (i.e. Silicon Valley, or at least Seattle) VCs? If someone wanted to do just the minimum legal/financial/admin overhead for startups (say, $500/mo tops), and either provide them with YC-levels of funding, or provide housing/office space for 4mo ($1-3k/mo/person, tops), it seems like a win. Investing $20k in each company for 5-15 companies would be a good investment in dealflow for a Vancouver or global focused VC. I think a Canadian funding entity investing directly could get around the crazy reporting requirements. Even if you were only 20% as good as YC, open immigration laws of Canada, and the Vancouver environment would probably be enough. Alternatively, a Vancouver franchise of Seedcamp or Founder Institute. (I saw I got voted down and should explain) I think the odds of failure at 50-80%, including my own company, and having a bunch of ready ways to re-deploy those people into other projects is good for EVERYONE -- the engineers can move to the most successful projects. If I worked on something for a year or two and it flopped, I'd love to go work at a startup I'd been following the whole time, rather than trying to find a regular job. I think SFBA in general is basically an incubator/accelerator, if you've been involved in one startup even as an engineer. Formal accelerators help a lot more in places where most of the people who want to do a startup have NOT yet worked for one. College would be the best example. If so, the only relevant question is what they will name the third independent incarnation of this service after Yahoo runs FourSquare into the ground, as Google did with Dodgeball. Destroying value with ill-conceived M&A is one area where Yahoo can beat Google! I was optimistic about IPS, since they seem to have found a supplier for the iPad. I still use a thinkpad T42p for the UXGA IPS 15" screen, although the 2GB RAM, Pentium M is kind of limiting. (it's no longer my primary machine; 15" 2008 MBP being upgraded to 17" MBP) Would you take the 15 HD now vs. the 17? There is a very small price delta, and the screen is definitely bigger and is even marginally higher dpi still, on the 17. The 17 is slim, if big, and has an ExpressCard slot (which is possibly a 64GB SSD if nothing else). I think the 30" ACD is even more at risk, since it has been unchanged in ~forever. It was released in June 2004!