Looking at the OPSkins website ( https://opskins.com ), they have authentication setup so people can login using their Steam account. I'm interested in creating a web app that allows auth via Steam account too, but I'm not seeing any docs about how to make that happen. Anyone know how that's done? [follow up edit] This seems to be it → https://steamcommunity.com/dev Looks like there's a Steam Web API that allow auth via Steam OpenID. Likely workable. :D Developers! Developers! Developers! Kinda thinking it might be beneficial adding this to the libgit2 project itself (eg via GitHub PR). Any objections to that? Just to point out... there's no capital G in PostgreSQL's name. It's either "PostgreSQL" or "Postgres". ;) Also to be super pedantic... it's SQLite, not SQLLite. ;) Definitely agree. The PostgreSQL Community began my serious involvement with Open Source Software, about 15 years ago. It's one of the best groups I've ever seen, due to their patience, friendliness, encouragement of others, and willingness to share info/experiences for mutual benefit. It doesn't hurt that being very good with PostgreSQL is useful on a CV too. ;) Audio very badly stutters here under Firefox on a reasonable spec Win 8.1 PC - 3.6GHz i3-4160 dual core, GTX 970, 16GB RAM. Not an award winning spec system, but for single threaded maximised games (most) it's more than decent. ;) For me, OSX was really good up until 10.6 as well. I used to use 12 or more virtual desktops at a time though (for mental separation), so the massive reduction from having 16+ available at any time to 5-6 without scrolling... massively killed my mental organisation. That one change has reduced my lack-of-distraction immensely. And now with notifications front-and-centre... that's just not understanding people who need to be focused and productive. :( Anyway, I've been trying out OpenBSD over the two weeks (using XFCE and -stable). It seems nice so far. Tried Lumina initially, but it just crashes for me very soon after launch. Also tried compiling -current a few times in the last few days, as I'd like try out stuff with the new vmm subsystem (and maybe make libvirt work), but it's failing to compile every time (bare metal and OSX Fusion). I'm obviously doing something dumb, and will hopefully figure it out later / gain-a-clue. :) Prob need to ask on IRC I guess. ;) Linux is absolutely a great thing for experimenting with, but once you're exposed to something that's planned/thought about... you get the sense it's an ever growing hodge-podge of utilities/functionality designed by people that don't really communicate with each other that well. Computers are growing more powerful, they should make our lives easier. That's not the direction Linux nor OSX nor Windows is going in the last few years. The BSD's each seem to take a more co-ordinated approach (better team communication?), so I'm personally hoping they do better over time. Try out the BSD's in a VM. Some of the command line utilities you're used to in Linux need different arguments, or aren't as feature rich. (I really miss tree mode in ps for example). But, in general the BSD's feel much better organised. Hope that helps. ;) Not the mountains I thought you were meaning. :p "... having worked for a short time at the Chattanooga Aquarium where he fed the sharks." That's also a line for people who died of shark attack. (ok, not Chattanooga Aquarium specifically) Just saying. ;) This article has the start of his journey... and he's 8 year into it now. But it gives no sense as to whether he's just breaking even, is killing it, or what? It wouldn't be that encouraging if after 8 years he's still struggling to make ends meet, whereas if he's killing things (in the positive sense), that's more inspiring. To me anyway. ;) And yet jolla.com has no mention of this (still encouraging buying), and neither does their blog. Um... wtf? Cool. It should be explicitly mentioned in the article though, not left for readers for wonder about and maybe figure out wrongly. ;) Tor is an amazingly good start :) to things. Tails seems to be decent as well. Hopefully there aren't other major vulnerabilities that turn up in it... but that's like wishing for a pink unicorn that er... expresses rainbows rearwards. :D Still doesn't seem that honest to potential customers. Trading when the directors know it's bankrupt is a big no-no legally isn't it? Hadn't thought of that. Thanks. :) The footer indicates REVSYS, but (in my opinion) that doesn't really say anything useful about what I'm meaning. The article itself would be better if it directly mentions this, so people can put it in context from that instead of having to guess. It's possible I'm being an idiot though. ;) "...iTunes in particular is becoming increasingly less about your music, and more about everything apple." This. 100 upvotes for this. If iTunes had a "local storage only" version, that doesn't share jack sh*t with Apple, doesn't potentially upload any sensitive info, doesn't try and force their crap onto people... (and the boundaries get moved with every single forced update!), that would be more than welcome. This is a huge pain point / bug bear for me at least. :( As a "general" kind of point, after using both *BSD or Linux for a few weeks, the BSD version generally feels better engineered. The command line utilities can be markedly different from the Linux version if that's what you're used to, but it's something that can be adapted to. This is a "general feeling" kind of thing though. It seems to be a common sentiment, but may not apply to everyone. YMMV etc. ;) One of the few(?) compelling arguments for cloud storage with no cave-in ability for law enforcement. :/ Kinda wondering if Yahoo's search traffic % would pick up if they do a u-turn into a "we don't track people" platform. eg DuckDuckGo or similar style. Being an actual trustworthy alternative to Google wouldn't hurt. ;) That being said, it seems like the opposite mentality of their current approach. They're not exactly building a trusted brand name for themselves. :( You can launch your games in Offline mode, which stops the need for having to go online/update/contact-the-Steam-servers-before-launch. It's not totally straight forward though. You need to unplug your network device (or turn off wifi, etc) so the initial startup times out, and gives you the option to use Offline mode. There might be a command line switch way to do that too, but I've never looked. ;) Thanks for mentioning this. Hadn't come across Affinity Designer before. Taking a look now, it seems good. Also seems like it would work with my old (mostly offline) macbook running 10.7.5. ;) Facebook is abusive of people's personal privacy, even though it is generally an effective tool for improving people's (layperson's?) communication. So, it's probably a better idea to approach it with a cynical perspective instead of an optimistic (naive?) one. It could turn out to not be estate-tax evasion... however it seems unlikely. Do you believe Google is or isn't a US company which would keep the most interesting stuff to itself/NSA/US-TLA's? Having Google audit the OpenSSL code is not really a problem... but believing them to do things for the benefit of anyone else isn't really feasible. They've shown themselves to be both good and bad actors on multiple occasions, so trying to pick which one this is... guesswork. :( Yeah, but you need to be connected online first for that. eg go through the whole "Steam starts, updates itself, etc". :) Please, re-read my question and think about it a bit. ;) 100,000ft isn't even close to Low Earth Orbit. Isn't calling that a "satellite" mis-representation? :( Guess it depends on the target audience. If you're launching cube-sat's to 100,000 ft for some pre-testing purposes, then "satellite" might make sense. eg environment testing of cube-sat's at 100,000 ft, as part of their dev cycle prior to real (rocket) launch Other than that though... "High-altitude balloon cube-sat", or "Atmospheric cube-sat" maybe? :) Shouldn't this have "(2015)" in the title? Maybe the further development of the LED tech could be useful for creating militarily useful lasers? Missing "(2011)" on the end of that title. :( Wonder how many of the layoffs will be from QA? Fusion 360 is the buggiest shipping product I've ever seen. Really hoping they don't lay off any QA staff. But, seeing the shipping product so far, I'm not optimistic. :( Exactly. Does anyone believe Autodesk won't pull an Oracle once they've transitioned their products to be Cloud only. I don't. :( Hopefully I'm wrong. :) Hopefully you've learned something important about not giving your login credentials for any service, to another service. ;) [And yeah, I'm aware of people doing this for other services too, eg financial account management. Expecting they'll become further anecdotes later one... :(] If you're one of the 135 people's lives they've wasted... you might take it a bit more personally. :D Yeah, I wish the language syntax in Sonic Pi was less Ruby, more Python. But, seriously disliking Ruby is just a personal hangup. ;) You're using GitHub for hosting a straight out commercial advert? That seems... not positive. :( Sure, and he's trying to downplay it. They're wasting 135 people's entire lives worth of time. Every single day. :( They definitely seem like an organisation who's dedicated to checkbox/feature-list improvements, and gaining everyone's complete data set (thus the lack of local file support). Platform stability... less of a priority. :( If they give it a "Manifest Destiny" point of view to work from... that would be a problem! ;) Just to point out... the US is the western only country on the planet which cares, or even mentions, people's skin colour/race AT ALL. Literally every other western country calls people... people. A man is "a man" not "a green/blue/pink/red/etc man". A women is "a women" not "a green/blue/pink/red/etc woman". Continuously giving skin colour qualifiers in descriptions of people... is (to non-US people) bizarre, and seems to be a large part of the language used to keep racism alive in the US. That's as far as I've been able to tell so far anyway. :( That's not at all what I said. I'm saying the US is the only country which prefaces descriptions of people with info about their skin colour. It seems (to someone not from the US) a truly strange cultural behaviour. [note - edited for clarity] Maybe have it be battery powered, and fly "home" for a recharge during the hours the store is closed? That is one very, very length announcement post. Very TLDR. :( Martin Shkreli described himself as "focused on pharmaceuticals". I think he missed a comma in that. :D Weirdly, the article refers to the Autodesk platform as "forge.com", which it's not. It seems to be called just "Forge". Incidentally, the "forge.com" domain appears to just have a squatter/advert type no-site-here thing for a web page. Missing "(2014)" in the title. Snowdrop has been known about for ages, there are demo's of it on Youtube... and it doesn't look all that good these days (my opinion). Looking through the comments for the top few most funded ones... _many_ (most?) seem to have not provided the thing they were attempting to provide. Lots of unhappy people in their comments, without anything shipped to them. :( Yeah. If they get involved with (say) the GitLab ecosystem, that could both reduce GitHub growth + attract more talent/projects to SourceForge. Both of which they'd be wanting to do. Their QA dept should also get it. People make mistakes during development... but there's no way this should have gotten past even basic QA testing. :( Hi, one of the SQLite Browser team here. Thanks for posting this. :) (Though, I'm kinda wondering why? ;> Our last release was nearly 2 months ago, and nothing super special happened in the last few days from memory... maybe I'm forgetting something? ;>) Anyway, it's all good promo I suppose. :D Wonder what the size of the data set is so far? Likely TB's? Do you reckon buying organic vegetables would help alleviate that in the US? Here in the UK, it seems to be effective for obtaining decent tasting tomatoes. The non-organic ones can taste very bad. Heh Heh Heh That's one way of looking at it. ;) Another way of looking at it is there shouldn't be a product update/release getting pushed out to hundreds of thousands of users (a guess), without passing an extensive validation suite. Developer unit tests are for a different purpose. Unless I missed your sarcasm? :) Thanks. :) Yeah, it's pretty reasonable for doing stuff with SQLite databases, and supports encryption. It's also GPL/MPL licensed, written in C++/Qt, so is fairly cross platform. Precompiled downloads available for OSX/Win, and it's in the packaging/ports system of several Linuxs & BSDs. :) We're kinda needing more C++ dev's though, as the GitHub Issues list is getting a bit out of hand at the moment. O_o Download stats wise... I think it's about 120k/month through GitHub: https://api.github.com/repos/sqlitebrowser/sqlitebrowser/releases (that's a rough guesstimate from last time I looked :>) Is anyone around with experience reversing obfuscated PHP code? We're trying to figure out what the code implanted by some hacker types in our forum pages does: http://www.shapeoko.com/forum/viewtopic.php?f=7&t=7659 Initial reversing of code here by jacob32123, one of our Community members: http://pastebin.com/U6qwqhSX (line 221+ has more decoded info) If people are around with interest in this kind of thing, and time to assist... it would be really helpful. :) http://www.shapeoko.com/forum/viewtopic.php?f=7&t=7659&start=10#p60550 Any chance this is your kind of thing? https://news.ycombinator.com/item?id=11093339 Seems like an interesting potential product/project. The Blog seems a bit awkwardly worded - "is open source" instead of "is going open source", as there doesn't seem to be a code repository available yet, nor licensing info, (etc). But, it sounds like you'll be off to a good start when you get those bits in place. :) Wow, that's larger than I was expecting. Um, is there a source for that info? Didn't see it in the referenced article. :) SQLite suitable? That's completely the opposite of my experience. It was only when I got completely fed up with it / gained the courage to well and truly fuck up the people that were bullying me... that they mostly stopped. I'd been learning martial arts for some years by then, which definitely helped. Hey, if you're into C++, you're definitely welcome to submit a PR with a rationalised interface. The UI has started getting featuritis... and we've no problems accepting improvements. :D Cool. Work well enough? Previous discussion: https://news.ycombinator.com/item?id=11074587 There's a rebuttal here too, that seems interesting: https://news.ycombinator.com/item?id=11093434 That lady would certainly have a lot of interesting people owing her favours. ;) This should have "(2015)" in the title, as it's not exactly recent. ;) It's kind of vague as to which law, which can be tricky in an international context as they sometimes conflict. Maybe it needs a get out clause, along the lines of "in case of conflicting laws, this clause is void"? The whole article seems to take the approach that these young women are wrong, and don't know what they're doing. Seems kind of an arrogant viewpoint? :( That's sarcastic yeah? ;) An alternative commercial program (not OSS), but free for Hobbyists is Autodesk Fusion 360. It does have significant drawbacks... but if you're just getting into CNC stuff, it has fairly decent CAM functionality in built, making it a reasonable intro thing. :) It shouldn't be. It's supposed to be for 1 year, and be renewable. I've been using it on and off for a few months now, without issue, if that helps. :) Well, if I'm not sure I ask. And I wasn't sure. :p Do something like this, but actually working: https://github.com/justinclift/EventsMap So a person can see what events are happening in a specific area, in a given time range. It should be: * Visual, using a map service background like the above * Have time range slider (indicting start and stop of time range) * Use the public data sets of conference/events. There are a few around that show up with simple searching: * O'Reillys has this: https://feeds.feedburner.com/oreilly/events * Red Hat has this: https://github.com/OSAS/rh-events * Eventbrite likely has relevant feeds too (lots of data) For a revenue source, you could look at adding planning capabilities into it, direct booking, and reminders. Potentially also group bookings, and/or fees for usage. For companies that want to send X number of devs to conferences over the next 6-12 months, having a good system to know which ones to go to, and accurately track/remind/etc people... is worth money. Maybe not super rich quantities... but it's unlikely negligable either. :) Seems interesting. It's Ceph + Gluster, and useful management console. With support. :) Heh Heh Heh It's kind of sad you sound surprised. :( If you were in their shoes, how would you have handled someone doing that? :) Heyas, Ex-GlusterFS person here (used to work at Red Hat on the project side, leaving mid last year). "Small file access", and "lots of files in a directory" have been a pain point with GlusterFS for ages. The 3.7.0 release had some important improvements in it, specificially designed to help fix that: https://www.gluster.org/community/documentation/index.php/Fe... The latest Gluster release is 3.7.8 (the same series as 3.7.0), and is worth looking at if you're needing a good distributed file system. If you have something like 1Mill files in a single directory though... hrmmm... NFS or other technologies might still be a better idea. ;) Yeah, it seems to be missing the "click here for next steps / further information" bit, which is less than optimal. :( From memory, it was something about not having a central metadata server combined with needing to talk with each of the nodes to get their idea of "the latest version" of file info. Especially tricky when taking into account edge cases, such as when some nodes are failed/down/etc. Unfortunately, I don't remember most of the details. It's fallen out of my headspace in the months since I've left. ;) Ugh. So it's literally still RH Gluster, needing manual setup. Also, there's a sentence on the end of the GlusterFS section there saying: "If you want to deploy a Red Hat Gluster Storage cluster on Compute Engine, see this white paper for instructions on how to provision a multi-node cluster that includes cross-zone and cross-region replication:" Apart from the typo (pedant alert!), the URL on "white paper" goes to a non-public document only Red Hat subscribers have access to. That should probably be that fixed, so non-Red-Hat-subscribers can read the doc and know what they'll need to do up front. If people need to subscribe to RH in order to get that info... just to know what they need to do... that's probably going to hinder adoption. Potentially by a lot. ;) Well, if you use XFS/ext4/etc (local file systems), they do decently. You can make them reasonably resilient by using multiple volumes, split across hosts using SRP (eg infiniband block storage interconnect). That's pretty strictly not WAN-suitable though. ;) Thanks for clearing that up, that's awesome. :) References? What's the name of that community college, so others in your area reading this can know to avoid it? :) That's good to hear. I've been meaning to look at Gogs again, after having first played with it in it's early days (before pull requests were available). Sounds like it's usable now. :) Call it *untu, and be done with it? :D What do you reckon the right way for them do that that would be (in a practical sense)? Thinking about that a bit, it would probably be possible, but there would be downsides that might not make it worth it. For example, supporting people on the low side of hardware specs complaining that X game/software/etc isn't working well enough. Conversely, other people on the same hardware might not have an issue with it. (different levels of "acceptable" for different people) Not sure it'd be worth the effort (any time soon). There are other much simpler things Valve needs to fix first in order to increase sales. :) Hopefully they will be talking to the FBI through lawyers only from now on. :) Wouldn't reducing the transmission losses be worth them putting serious R&D effort/$$$ into? Bit late now. ;) Because the current way patents in the US are viewed, is as ammunition to attack competitors (and potential competitors). :( > You also often have injection-molded parts (e.g., the transducer handle itself) that are expensive to produce (the molds for the injection molding machine are done with 3D solid modeling tools, then CNC machined from steel, etc. Just to point out injection molding, 3D solid modelling, and CNC machining don't have to be super expensive these days. Large volumes, and especially high end stuff... sure that takes a lot of up-front cost. But for smaller volumes (eg prototyping, short run) the costs are very reasonable now. It seems due to continuing development of Open Source hardware and software in these fields, which created good virtous cycles for them. Hopefully this continues... :) Note - saying the above as someone who's into 3D solid modelling and CNC machining already. Haven't gotten into injection molding yet, but it's on my personal ToDo list for not far off. :D Technically... probably possible. Feasible... that would be the R&D required. :D Undersea cables are run for comms. So, super-massive-XXL sized superconductor versions of that...? ;) You can't seriously be saying logical people aren't very curious? :( I've started giving 1-star ratings to both the product and seller, for those that do this "email begging for a review" thing. Frankly, I regard it as spam, and treat them as such. It's really ironic when a seller asks me to rate their item... when I already have given it a 5-star review + appropriate worded comment. It becomes a 1-star review, etc. There is no excuse for spam. Wonder if they would hire someone already in prison, purely to be a placeholder...? :D "... software is not considered complete when it's first released." The author was probably meaning "finished" instead of "complete", which gives a different meaning more in line with the article. Reverse debugging has been around for several years, but hasn't seemed to be widely adopted. Which seems kind of unfortunate, as the concept of it looked really useful. Does rr make reverse debugging much easier than it's previously been in gdb or something? :) As a data point, one of the problems with generics is the falsely made ones. There have been (unfortunately) large pharma companies over the years who manufacture generics, which are later found out to be not even close to manufacturing the real thing, or whose manufacturing processes are extremely unsafe. Ranbaxy and GVK Biosciences are examples that spring to mind from not too long ago. There may have been others since. :( Along with this, one of their unfortunate "policy" type moves is wanting a copy of everyone's data. :( So, anyone using Fusion 360, literally has to store the data in Autodesk cloud. There is no option to keep confidential/private data out of it (by design): https://forums.autodesk.com/t5/ideastation-request-a-feature-or/please-support-quot-local-only-quot-files/idc-p/5831809#M10320 Fusion 360 is a product that crashes often, sometimes several times a day (it varies). More crashes on OSX at the moment than Windows, but YMMV. They want us to store potentially extremely valuable data in their cloud... and we're supposed to believe the server side software will be of higher quality than the client side software (which crashes). Also worth noting, Autodesk has no bug bounty nor similar sensible way to reward disclosure of security bugs to them. They really, really don't want to know. To me, forcing customers to keep stuff in their cloud at the same time as sticking their head in the sand re: security... that's not going to end well. :(