I'm When I walk out the door, I would assume the contract is over and I'm at liberty to use my freedom of contract to go elsewhere. I've been proactively working on this problem for years actually. This is like my 4th or 5th attempt: https://github.com/kristopolous/ytmix Alright, let's do ruby then. I use vim with Ri, Rdoc, and ack-grep plugins ( https://github.com/kristopolous/vimbuild ) and then use irb with a bunch of extensions ( http://stackoverflow.com/questions/2952793/anything-like-bpy... ) but there is nothing out there that makes my life phenomenally easy yet (for instance, some really awesome code navigation tool). zsh has built-in autocomplete for ri; try running zsh then do "ri " ( http://qaa.ath.cx/ri.png ); that ought to win you to at least having it installed. And yes, you can do "ri XXX# " for the second level! ( http://qaa.ath.cx/ri-kernel.png ) For the record, I do straight ruby; I don't even know how to deploy rails. Hype: A clever marketing strategy which a product is advertized as the thing everyone must have, to the point where people begin to feel they need to consume it. Substance: the actual matter of a thing, as opposed to the appearance or shadow; reality. This piece is hype. Those that push off hype as substance are swindling your valuable time and are basically saying "come on everyone, let's hope on board the train and base our infrastructure off of unproven, new shit." Which is fine; but only because most of these people are just writing the same social shopping website over and over again; and will do so until the next hyped idea makes its way into the business world. Some think he's just a novel con-artist: 1. http://www.splcenter.org/get-informed/intelligence-files/gro... 2. http://kanewj.com/wbc/ Looks like it equates to fairly decent take-home pay given that he probably works far less than the 2080 full time hours a year for it. And remember, it's a church, so it's all tax free. Marty McFly: Whoa, this is heavy. Dr. Emmett Brown: There's that word again; "heavy". Why are things so heavy in the future? Is there a problem with the earth's gravitational pull? From, of course, Back To The Future (1985) In 1951 you could have whined, "With the rise of pro-grammable computers, the Engineer can simply turn his brain off and let the computer do all the work. The era of craftsmanship has come to a close. No, no need to think dear friend, we have ourselves a Computer. Aughh!" Then, in 1961 you could have sighed, "The knowledge of how to maintain a computer will be gone forever with this increase in reliability. How will someone ever know truly how computers work unless they have to fix them piece by piece." Then, in 1971 you could have pined, "With the rise of these time-share based operating environments, the future programmer has all the hard things taken care of for them. All that you need now is a data-bank administrator and record input clerk. There is no future in computing!" Then, in 1981 you could have lamented, "Baugh! The rise of these pre-built micros means that the future generations won't know how to work a logic analyzer or an oscilloscope. They will never use a soldering gun or know the joy of assembling a memory board because they will just drop it in the slot. Ug!" Then, in 1991 you could have scoffed, "well with all these new fancy compilers, nobody will appreciate the joys of directly manipulating registers and stacks. Instead, they will spend their career in higher order abstractions without ever truly knowing the soul of the machine." Then, in 2001 you could have cried, "This era of the world wide web is hastening the decline of single system software and entertainment consumption is simply supplanting productivity for the largest use case of computing. Programming has become nothing more then playing Oz in the Emerald City; pulling pre-built levers as the scarecrows and tin-men of the world marvel on the sidelines" I use it all the time in network and graphic programming, but I name the variables to state the fact. It's like a poor man's struct; sometimes you are doing say, some kind of packet analysis and you have some really convoluted spec to work off of. You could either formalize it in a bunch of headers and try to synthesize the structure of it or you can use tricks like this in order to parse it nicely. In graphics programming, or more specifically, file format programming, sometimes I have to parse through, or generate a colortable and then go through a bunch of serialized data and transform that into a buffer where I have something like coordinate[x][y]{[z]}.{rgb/cmyk/yuv/hsv/rgba/bgr...} and I have a bunch of unions and structs; having char * data[3] as my payload and then being able to offset around into it is fantastically convenient, especially when trying to apply kernels or do transformations over the entire space. The code is far more readable at the lower level manipulation with this kind of stuff. And when you say 'Well I use OTS solutions for graphics' and I say "I do too, when I can. But when I can't, it's nice to be able to express what I need to do effeciently" To us unfiltered web viewers, they are actually advertisements. cliche headlines make me want to run too ... I despise them. Agreed. The argument about gaining or losing sleep has always struck me as a bit meaningless. What time do I go to bed? Between 11 PM and 7 AM ... depends on the day. What time do I wake up? Oh between 8 AM and 2 PM. Am I some 18 year old without a job who doesn't need to perform? Nope, I do programming and go to the office 5 days a week, lead meetings, conduct interviews all that stuff. I don't take any drugs and am right around 30. This is not just me too. I, and I think everyone I've ever talked to about this have no real substantial long term issues with 10 hours of sleep one night, 6 the next, 8 after that, etc. and having it occur at widely varied times. I once had a paranoid schizophrenic friend that suggested such things were happening to him. I think it's a bad move when what were previously paranoid delusions start manifesting themselves as accepted realities. I started with http://hello.jpg.to/ and was delighted by the results, thinking that the web app translated my phrase into a variety of languages and then made a stylish motif. Eagerly, I typed in http://goodbye.jpg.to/ to see, again, what looked like a totally custom image based on random text that I put in. I have to admit, I found this to be http://totallyawesome.jpg.to/ at this point, pressing F5 and hoping for other stylized generations. After not seeing any, I decided to just try my name ... and found a football player. I actually did this, back then, a few times (I was a pipping teen in the day). It was enormously fun; absolutely loved it; all on a 486-dx(2?) Recompiling the kernel manually was something you just did ; it was expected. Downloading a bunch of source code and compiling the dependencies and managing everything yourself; also completely ordinary. The best thing was going between Pillbox, Yggdrasil, Mandrake, Slackware(!) ... those were the days! There were two floppy disks that you would boot from, the `Boot` and the `Root` if I remember right. If you had a system up and running you could use dd, otherwise there was a DOS tool that would do as much. Interestingly, this was when the first thing you'd see at boot was LILO The LILO above was actually a complex diagnostic result. Getting something like LILILILILILILILI was possible or LIL They all meant a bunch of different things. If you got the full LILO you would be like "phew, it worked". Otherwise, you use your rescue floppy (or the one you used to install, had to remember to keep those around) and figure out what was wrong. CDs originally weren't bootable and lots of BIOSES didn't know how to deal with them. There was a standard that went out called the "El Torito" or something that basically talked about how CDROMS would be bootable. I think Windows 98 had this; in fact, I think it came out of Redmond (but I haven't done my homework in the Goog) So in 199x, even if you had a fancy bootable CD, you were still making floppy images, then inserting the CD when instructed to. In fact, I still have a box of floppies just in case I need to deal with hardware pre-1999 ... which is becoming less and less relevant (I think I used one last in 2006). Then again, I used a 5 1/4 in 2003 ... so I guess it's worth keeping around another 4-6 years. The worst memory I have is when I found out just how bad swap could be. I had to compile the NetBSD kernel on a laptop I had (IBM 360C, active color 640x480 display, NiCd battery, 2.88MB floppy, SCSI disk, huge docking station with speakers ... this is about 1999 (more of 1999 below)) and it had all of 8MB of RAM. I had to recompile the kernel to make use of an early wireless (which felt like pure magic) PCCARD I had (mind you, 16 bit, not 32-bit CardBus) and the kernel took 4.5 days(!) to compile. In fact, I remember starting it Christmas eve before eating dinner and it went on through Christmas day and then a few days after that. I had mastered screen by this time so I was able to see that the machine was really chugging away. The reason was that the compiler used up all of my RAM and was hitting swap. After that I upgraded the machine and the new compilation took 40 minutes. 40 minutes then, seemed like getting DSL for the first time and then clicking on that 10MB file and thinking "What is going on here? A whole megabyte downloaded right in front of my eyes? In mere seconds?! I am never going outside again". I long for these exciting days. The mobile world has it, that's about it. More about 1999; Speaking of 1999, two other big things, the BeOS 5 Demo, booted from windows and was awesome, then there was the "Bootable Floppy Challenge" which was done by QNX ... it was quite impressive in the day. Ah very good then. Well since the CDC now says that blacks and women are the most at-risk for HIV, we should probably change the rules with the times then, right? What's that? It now sound horribly offensive, erroneous, and bad policy? Well sorry about that! Gotta be consistent you know. yes, that's the report that went out yesterday. The context of the discussion was "at-risk" in the spirit of "have it but don't know it" or "don't know what to do about it"; not in the spirit of "have it". You can go over to the early release of the data here: http://www.cdc.gov/mmwr/preview/mmwrhtml/mm60e1129a1.htm?s_c... ... the people that get the least counseling, don't think they are at risk, etc, are those two groups. They are the ones that are most likely to have it and not know it or treat it and are also the ones to face the largest stigma in dealing with the issue. That's the context; it was the time window after infection but before high confidence of the results in the mouth swab test, which is the standard method used in such circumstances (and also the cheapest). Anyway, that is what I meant by it, and that's the report I was referring to when I said CDC. I didn't mean to say that gay people don't get it. try Tree style tab ( https://addons.mozilla.org/en-US/firefox/addon/tree-style-ta... ) ... it's pretty awesome: http://qaa.ath.cx/manytabs.png General form appears to be as follows: http://www.facebook.com/ajax/report/social.php? __a=1& __d=1& attach_additional_photos=1& cid=((FBID))& content_type=0& h=((HASH BASED ON YOUR ACCOUNT))& phase=6& report_id=1& rid=((FBID)) After you get that initial hash then you can swap out the CID and the RID and get everyone else (I tried it for 3)... it's pretty easy. This issue is probably going to make mainstream news by noon. Sorry just got up ... anyway ... I got it through Firebug and was able to reproduce it in a FireFox Tab, so I assume it was a GET, although it may have been a POST; I didn't cURL the URL from outside the browser though; I'm sure you need cookies. I've often wondered who the Hitchcocks and Coppolas were of the Adult Film Genre. I've considered the idea that there are masterpiece films, dismissed for being erotic, that have gone unseen and unappreciated by the masses. Alas, I have yet to find a nice thorough list, akin to the AFI top 100 for the lewd. * If you know where this is, maybe you can also direct me to some reputable cult list; you know, that would have Todd Haynes and Kenneth Anger etc... inquiring minds want to know! What about the porno chic movement? Do I see Microsoft on GitHub? what about these reasons: 1. It's trendy. Snooty programmers use them. 2. It's hyped. Annoying masters of hyperbole won't shutup about it. 3. javascript is already easy to write, easy to read, easy to use, and well understood. But really it's because I despise hype at such a deep and fundamental level; it leads people to being impulsive and emotional; making decisions based on personal reasons rather than finding the right tool fo the job. countless times i've seen people work significantly longer and harder with the hype technology then if they had just been solid project managers and made good decisions regardless of what is being currently blogged about. other times i've had legacy systems that were built in the super-trendy tech of yesteryear that was a fly-by-night and nobody uses any more ... sometimes you will have managers for instance, that wlil request something like perl code to be rewritten in ruby or some other rearranging of the deck chairs kind of activity. It's a complete and utter waste of time. I'd rather go home and click on all those nsfw tags ... so yeah, no freakin' way; unless there is native support, it's been around for a few years, and there is actual real solid evidence that it doesn't suck (extra time that is) for a similar goal. Who would have thought that by the time we could get the library of congress on a device the size of our thumbnail for under $30, there would be a draconian business apparatus expecting tens of billions of dollars for the privileged access of such knowledge. "Video cassette recorders now provide the technical means of taking the works of creative people from them without compensation. If we allow a new technology, the VCR, to take property without paying for it, I believe the Nation will be jeopardizing one of its greatest assets, our film industry." -Richard Orear, President of National Association of Theater Owners in front of Congress in a proceeding to block the sales of the VCR, 1982 The MPAA lost and the VCR stayed in the market; phenomenally increasing MPAA member revenue because apparently, potential is a two way street. The IP-based industries see new potentials (eg, the internet), get FUD'd up by the potential abuse, refuse to be creative enough to see the potential revenue, and then go into Destroy-Everything mode. The stupidity runs deep. They seek legislative blockage due to their thorough inability to be compatible with emerging patterns of consumption. I was hoping TB was actually a disused hallucinogen, popular during the 40s. 8mb of ram reminds me of this thing: http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=tGq0jGrJS6U For a while their was a "no tools" restriction. That one really struck me as odd. Some high-school dropout is given broad powers to play mr. security guy at the airport. I didn't fly for about 2 years after someone made me miss my flight because I had to check a jewelers torx security bit screw driver I had accidentally left in my bag (this was some custom, "let's charge you bucketloads for this bit" style screw driver); as if I'm going to disassemble the plane with that thing. so I decided, fuck them; I was not going to give them my money. edit: Just because I'm stating this fact, doesn't mean that I endorse it. Please, just because you agree that the world unfortunately is this way, don't downvote me as if I'm the cause of the current state of affairs. I'm not old enough or powerful enough to be so. Is the author a constitutional lawyer? Because if not, I really can't trust any of this. The reason that constitutional lawyers exist is because this short document is deceptively sophisticated and every interpretation of every stanza has seen its day in court almost every generation since its authorship. Just reading something and assuming that the legal ramifications are clear and apparent without knowing the extensive history of the actual legal ramifications belongs more in the world of political opinion than anything remotely approximate to legal standing. It's almost as if a corpus of court proceedings a 100 meters long should be affixed to every word in order to gain an appreciation for what is legally pursuant via the constitution. What's a fundamental right, who protects it, and is there any document that enumerates said rights so that parties don't disagree? Of course not. But that's what's happened. And as a result, the barrier to entry in knowing the true meaning is now quite high. I'm not placing a vote of approval of this reality; just stating that it exists. It aggravates me too. ah, it was "We the [non-native][male][land-owning][non-enslaved] people [between specific longitude and latitudinal points][that aren't corporations, at least, for another hundred years][unless you are a slave owner, in which case multiply your the number of slaves you own by 0.6 and then add it to you (aka, +1)]". We have been actively struggling and expanding just that alone for generations now. see federalist papers number 51 and 10 to see the thoughts on the constitution and human rights. Items covered include civil rights, religious freedoms, minority rights, the tyranny of the majority, balancing the power of conflicting classifications of rights, etc ... I actually don't find them difficult but mostly because I've read a lot of stuff from the era. It's kind of like Shakespeare, it's hard initially but then you get in the swing of things. There's also plenty of civics style booklets with explanations. check out anything from pcmag.com on SOPA if you want to see spin that makes you dizzy, I could link to a lot of articles, but I invite you to read the pieces on the site itself. Econ, IR, Poly Sci; all considered, at least my school, to be the fall-back majors when you didn't have the chops for things like biochemistry or physics. I stuck with Engineering because I wanted to do it and also, because it was hard; thus supposedly more rewarding in the long term. But this is almost telling me that the easy way out was the right thing to do ... confused. I wrote something about this http://kristopolous.blogspot.com/2012/01/why-pirate.html the phrase "dick around" is actually from "dicker around" which is a 19th c. term. "Dicker" is to "Engage in petty argument or bargaining" and "Treat something casually or irresponsibly; toy with something". So when someone is "dick[er]ing around" they are treating serious matters lightly or doing things in an unnecessarily protracted way; which is precisely how we use it. The word "dick" however, which I would gather, people would envision it meaning "penis" here, simply doesn't work. We don't use "dick" as a verb, yet alone a progressive verb. "To dick" or "to be dicking" a person, although fairly clear in its sexual connotation, is certainly not in use, "dicking (with) a person" however, makes perfect sense, because it's from that ye olden term "dicker" again. So "dicking around" has nothing to do with the slang term for penis or the disused colloquial meaning of a rookie detective, or it being an everyman; all wrong. Sorry to bust your bubble. If you want the free version of Visual Studio, you go to a web page ( http://www.microsoft.com/visualstudio/en-us/products/2010-ed... ) and click on the download link. You don't need Windows installed, or need to be signed in or have special software on your machine to download the file. If you want the free version of Xcode, you first need a mac. Now you need a mac with a recent OS. Ok, good, go to the web page, click on the "App Store" link. Make an account in "App Store" then hand over Your CREDIT CARD information. Great. Now it will download through the app store. Click on "Purchases" to see the status. Microsoft doesn't need to know who I am and doesn't even care if I'm on Windows but Apple wants me on a newish mac and then hand over my credit card before I can get their IDE. Really? Ridiculous and almost intolerable. But that's how they roll. Macbooks catching fire is kind of what they are good at, just do a little google-fu: The Powerbook 5300 was recalled because some batteries caught fire on the assembly line. (1995) The batteries, manufactured by LG Chem Ltd. of South Korea, could overheat and pose a fire hazard, according to the CPSC. The recall affects laptops sold since January, which contain batteries produced last December. Approximately 28,000 batteries are affected by the recall. (2004) Apple Computer Inc. on Thursday recalled 1.8 million Sony-built notebook batteries that could overheat and catch fire. (2006) Great, so someone explicitly asks for evidence that Apple would release laptops that caught on fire, I provide 3 examples, Directly Answering the question; then I get downvoted. Maybe I didn't provide references. Here's the references, most with the official statement from the U.S. Consumer Product Safety Commission. The powerbook 5300 was explicitly recalled, by Apple, for the short-circuit problem. Reference: http://www.nytimes.com/2001/03/15/technology/laptop-batterie... http://news.cnet.com/Apple-woes-continue/2100-1001_3-211692.... http://books.google.com/books?id=R7zgbMJM3vwC&pg=PA10... 2004 recall, same problem: http://www.cpsc.gov/cpscpub/prerel/prhtml04/04201.html (Problem: An internal short can cause the battery cells to overheat, posing a fire hazard to consumers.) 2005 recall, same problem: http://www.cpsc.gov/cpscpub/prerel/prhtml05/05179.html (Hazard: An internal short can cause the battery cells to overheat, posing a fire hazard to consumers.) 2006 recall, related problem: http://www.cpsc.gov/cpscpub/prerel/prhtml06/06245.html http://www.seattlepi.com/business/article/Fire-threat-spurs-... http://www.macworld.com/article/52084/2006/07/recall.html This is precisely what he asked for, and now I've included references. But really, if you guys don't value facts, research, and actual answers, then to hell with it. Why do I try? Might as well hang out on Digg. How much money is a 30 day supply? I'm curious as to the pricing structure in less corporatist countries, especially in places with public health care where (unlike the US), the government has the legal right to bargain prices and doesn't just satisfy any arbitrary price set by a manufacturer. Hi, I'm the actual author of the article (it was posted by someone else ... I'm flattered). Anyway, as an atheist its really hard for me sometimes. There are certainly healthy, productive, happy members of society that have deep religious convictions. So be it. But when people think they have an active full discourse with God and God is literally conversing with them and is furthermore telling them to do things that actually yield no results (Do X and Y will happen, and then Y never does), things get difficult. Balancing the liberty of a person with what needs to be done to effectively empower them is a difficult task. Hi I'm the author of the article. Thanks for your comment. * I didn't post the article here and I wrote it in about 70 minutes; I had no intention of opening up this discussion in HN. * All the information is very public, most of it authored by the gentleman in promotional materials. * The article is about accepting and awareness. There's been much harsher words said about the individual and his project. * The article is mostly in praise of his accomplishments. * I have known very similar people and so this hit me on a personal level. * As an article there's some general rules that yield a good read. I guess I could have been non-specific, or asked for consent of the family, I didn't know this was going to gain so much traction. Yeah. I've only recently become good at it. Changes things enormously when you are no longer ignored. That's horrible. Should I just take it down? I mean really, I don't want to do anything bad like that. I could try to stay up and remove the stuff referring to him ... but I've been struggling to build context without using him as a concrete example. Edit: I'm re-editing it now. (I should be in bed, ug tired) 03:45 I think it is a better job now ... hopefully you find it more acceptable; I'm starting to become a bit incoherent myself and need to catch a wink. 04:25 Just finished another round of editing. I do really hope everything is better. (4:50 still going ... ) I'm working on an edit. probably about 75% of the would be viewers haven't woken up yet ... if things should be changed, now is the time. Alright, I think most of the finger-pointing is gone. Hopefully it's better ... I need to get to bed. (1) it was openly admitted by him (I've changed it) (2) See 1. (3) I removed the word "handicap" - it was done to contrast it with the physical world, but yes, the juxtaposition is effective without it. Did the spellcheck .. I do things in vim and dont have spellcheck turned on, sorry about that. I also removed all references to his name except for the initial one where I cite him as the author of the software. I've also made more of the paragraphs general, trying to remove him as the focus of the article, and instead just as a topic. alright, give me the benefit of the doubt ... I want to make it right ... what would you suggest? lots ... but im not going to name them here. mirror? And so the apartheid security state begins. Here's the endgame: http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Israeli_checkpoint > Israel is actually good at what they do O.o. Yes. They are the best at religiously driven oppressive racism. You want to find people that think non-kin aren't fully human in 2012? Hey, I used to work in a room full of them; but never on Saturday of course ;-) I've always loved this style of microsoft advertising. nobody else in the industry has this kind of humor. It's been a bit harder to kill off NCSA Mosaic/MCOM/Netscape/Mozilla Foundation than people had imagined; and people have been imaging killing them off for 16 years or so. The likes of Clark, Andreesen & jwz built an idea in 1995 that will not die. it just wont. they can lose their nsf funding, aol can buy up the remains and then discard it; google can use it as advertising space and then go elsewhere, they can take 5 years between netscape 4.0 and mozilla 1.0, but they will not die. Don't forget Charlie Ayers of Google, the master chef with $26 million in options in his back pocket. Actually I have a question ... maybe you can't answer it. But as we are looking for radio signals from other civilizations, what are we doing to make sure we continue to send out strong, unencrypted, easy to decipher signals from earth? To say that IP law will result in all terrestrial signals being encrypted in say, 150 years, is not unfathomable. Then, at that point, if the encryption is good enough, it will just look like noise to a would be discoverer of us. You either see Israel as an intentionally aggressive religiously driven racist (different license plates, voting laws, roads, id cards, laws) nuclear state with a colorful history of terrorism, espionage, invasions, spying, and assassination convictions in multiple countries, or you choose to ignore all of history and blindly support it. Either way, please stop acting surprised when people claim Israels' foreign policy is antagonistic, as if her detractors are mistaken and fabricating... as if Chomsky and Kofi Anaan are liars... Israel was founded by Lehi, Irgun, and Haganah. The evacuation plan which led to the population growth of Israel was invented by Irgun commander Ze'ev Jabotinsky. The sixth prime minister of Israel, Menachem Begin, was also a commander in Irgun. Irgun and Lehi led to Herut, which is now the modern controlling Likud party in Israel. Lehi also had Yitzhak Shamir who became prime minister in the 1980s. Lehi is famous for the Ankara document which proposed a pact with Nazi Germany to help start a totalitarian state (their words) in Palestine, to fulfill Zionism. They sponsored multiple sabotage and espionage operations against the British and in the Middle East. They were instrumental later in the invasion of Iran in 1942. Lehi assassinated politicians in Britain and was described as a terrorist organization by the British authorities. Irgun is an even easier case to make. Its motto: a hand holding a rifle with the words "only thus" underneath it. It was self-described as a terrorist organization by spokespeople from it at the time (1940s) and openly spoke of terrorism as the only effective way for a Zionist state. So yes, Israel exists because of terrorism and is deeply rooted in it at a fundamental basis. The whole point is that to point out that the current political manifestation known as Israel is a danger for the geopolitical stability of the region is actually a valid observation that historians will see as clear as day in 500 years. I know how politically unwise it is currently, but that doesn't make the reality false. There's lots of bitter pills out there. South Africa had a nuclear program, apartheid, and a few interesting property laws. But then they had a regime change and the previous way of thinking have been wiped "from the pages of history"; npt signing in 1991, cwc in 95. SA split in two forming Namibia in 1990, the same year that the talks to end Apartheid started ... leading to the release of Mandela and the multi-racial 94 elections. Sure, in California English, I'd be using different idioms for describing that transformation, but that is the whole point here ... sometimes idioms don't translate well and the nuanced connotative punch of a colloquialism can have different impacts in different areas. Some things just don't translate well; http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/We_will_bury_you (although that one feels more like this: http://imageshack.us/photo/my-images/195/treehouse2.jpg/sr=1 ... who's to know?) I would be in wide support for something similar to Israel, but instead of having say, a non-jewish prime minister, they take a Jewish State loyalty oath; an interesting opposite. Statehood ecumenism is seen as a radical idea in Israeli political discourse. I'd just like them to be more inclusive and a bit less violent. dear lord ... all I was saying is that "Here is why people think this" not "you should think this" or even "I support this" other than for the fact that I want cultures to be more open (and that is all cultures ... really). I was just trying to back up the idea that these aren't just hateful things concocted out of thin air because people are evil or something trivial and without context. There's a history to all of this ... that's all I'm saying. Don't need to get offended by it. Even if you were 100% correct, hard drives aren't going anywhere. Browser cache is around 1GB and web developers are itching for vast landscapes of local storage systems. And where do you expect the operating system and marvelous web stack where all these things are created to reside? Burned in EEPROM? I think the consumer already can't really differentiate between what is local or over the internet, they don't know what a browser is by and large. But if what you say is right, the pendulum, at the consumer level, will soon swing back the other way the first time that someone can't access the "cloud" on a trip or forgets to pay their "cloud access bill" (phone/internet whatever) and then gets locked out of ... well, everything. Castrating the device and agitating the users by making everything Microsoft Palladium style will continue to be a bad idea. Remember Sun's motto, "The network is the computer"? Nah, don't think so; the computer is the computer. Networks are pretty important, but they do not replace everything, they are fundamentally not reliable, responsive, or resilient enough to. And every time a step is made in any of those directions, it's done because some machine or some network, somewhere else, is better off. That rising tide will lift all boats, keeping the consumer devices edging ahead; that is unless, you are harking back to the "give consumers bare minimum craptaculous cloud terminals". That's been tried about every 3 months for the past 35 years or so and has never gone well. No. Even if we assume a magical device that stores nothing, cloud storage is still backed by guess what? hard disks. And this time, heavily redundant to ensure low latency and high availability. So no, moving everything to the cloud, tomorrow, would vastly increase hard drive sales permanently. Oompff! http://allthingsd.com/20111005/it%E2%80%99s-all-about-conten... Here's an example. I upload a video to youtube. youtube converts it into about 8 formats (depending on the initial quality; (mobile + flash 8/10 + html5 ogg/webm) * multiple resolutions), stores the original, generates dozens of multiple sized thumbnails for the seekbar, farms these out to multiple data centers, and then stores a bunch of metadata along with that (every like/dislike, comment, playlist, landing source, geoip of user). You are looking at something like 15 times more space needed for the cloud architecture. Well this is because the word "computer" needs to be dismantled a bit. Computers as a personal mainstream entertainment device will eventually work much like television. Data retention policies will be at the whim of the content distributor and consumers will select from sets of content dictated by different price packages. Computers as midrange workstations for engineers, artists, musicians, and scientists aren't going anywhere and will be the same as they always have. Same goes for the NOC and the Datacenter. Devices that collect and analyze data will work much in the same way. The people that will create and maintain the consumption paradise will continue to do things on traditional configurations. The biggest change here is that display and input systems will continue to diversify in form and function. However, the machine will still be a rectangular block, with all the internal components you are used to. The million dollar question is how will people that do mostly office-productivity work? For instance, the person at the dentists office that makes the phone calls and does appointment and billing management. Most could probably get by with a desktop version of a smartphone, but nobody has produced the right one yet. But this doesn't mean that say, the traditional computer will exodus from the dentist office. Just the opposite. They are in every room now, hooked up to cameras and xray machines, talking to redundant servers either on or offsite. Probably something like "Based on the antiquity models of Physics, the ancients thought the following" and then the school children will all have a good laugh. Ford, Kellogg, Seagate, Monsanto, McDonalds and Intel have plenty of notches on this belt. Let's play this game again in 7 days. Execution. Execution. Execution. Really. Ideas are 1% of the work. Doing the idea is 9%. Doing it well is the other 90%. Different things matter every time, that's what makes it so hard. I toss the "take notice" into the execution pile. That's why it's 90% of the work. That includes understanding why brands fail regardless of the quality of the good or service. It includes understanding the pains of your userbase, the expectations they have going in, and what you have to do in order for them to converge and spread your technology in an organic manner. It is the holistic picture that constitutes success. That's the "other 90%" and it's a black art. Surely. I think I'm a bit bitter from all of the would-be-CEOs that have a wonderful idea and just need the rock-star programmer to um, do the design, engineering, QA, customer feedback loop, product definition, you know, the actual work. Let's take youtube; "I want to watch a video on demand". Really? What a brilliant 1920s style idea I've never heard before. It was how they pulled it off that matters. What about an iphone/android? "I want one device that works as a PDA and a phone that does everything I need." Really? Never heard that idea before. Every now and then someone comes along with a truly innovative and truly brilliant idea; and may God Help Their Soul. I've personally suffered from being ahead of the curve many times. Or was it bad execution? In 2002, I had this AIM bot that you would send small messages too, then it would be posted on a website under your AIM name. You could follow your AIM buddies and see their messages. Yeah, it's called twitter. I did it on top of AIM in 2002. In 2003 I did another bot that would proxy messages between anonymous users. Yep, you heard of that too, it's called Omegle. Then in 2003 I did a multiplayer extension to an NES emulator that utilized DCC irc connections so that you could in an Fserve style, play random people well known games in IRC. Sounds familiar? not yet. There will be a node.js/socket.io version of this soon by someone, I know it. So yeah, even with novel ideas, I still think the 1/9/90 rule plays. In the 90 here is the very important element of timing, along with, of course, target audience. So I'm not trying to brush off the necessity of true ideas, just trying to minimize the importance of it. Look around, many of the successful things that we use are totally void of true innovation (as in, I'm not using the First One). The desk I sit at, the monitor I use, the keyboard I type on. They are just decently executions of old ideas. and 7 days have lapsed! FB is down 28%. Wonderful. Very good. I do a lot of thinking about this too. I wrote this snippet a few days ago: I think the core tri-state here is 1 users 2 restrictions 3 structure The users are the target demographic of the sites content. They can be tween girls or seasoned engineers or perhaps people in certain moods (e.g. pornography, games) The restrictions are the limitations from being say “admin” or “god” on the site. Can someone delete other’s content without any recourse, record or undo? Can they masquerade themselves as someone else? Just what are they permitted to get away with? The structure is the purpose and intent of the usage of the site. Is there a forum for user contribution? Is there a place, say on think geek for user photos of products? I think a model with retention and growth must somehow balance the users it's attracting, the restrictions they are given, and the structures of creation they can employ. Together these form a social product. I don’t think it’s necessarily important to get these right at first blush as much as it is important to know what part you are lacking and what direction you need to turn to based on whats going on. It has to be reactive (or perhaps, adaptive). When you get the formula unbalanced, it may look good for a while (large growth accompanied by a decrease in quality is the common one), but then it will collapse under it's own disarray. Metafilter is a nice one. They simply charge $5 to sign up. That's it. Keep (2) open, never have a low barrier with (1) and have it be a, I'm not going to say social aggregator, but a collaborative blogging platform for (3). I too have an in browser db, theres a few similar technologies available. Heres mine https://github.com/kristopolous/db.js and here is someone that takes the performance seriously https://github.com/danstocker/jorder/wiki/Benchmarks ... Have fun! :) I'm trying to follow. So you are saying that with the following scenario: 1. +3000 at P100 or +4000 at P80 2. -3000 at P100 or -4000 at P80 Depending on the context, the answer is basically universally different if you say "1 then 2" as opposed to "just 1" or "just 2"? Yes, statistically they are identical. However, the fact that people consider the significance of the objects and the context of the decision isn't a fault of human intellect. Really, stating otherwise is a fault of human analysis. It's a game theory problem I think (likely a variation of the stag hunt: http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Stag_hunt ). It's a paradox only because Armchair mathematical intuition fails to explain it. Ok thanks. I am no specialist in this by any means. But I do know enough to be cautious when dealing with these types of problems. Glad you clarified. I've really been working hard on this idea too: http://chatwithvideos.com ... I don't know if anyone has done it right yet. I even used the same terminology. Does anyone know where this one actually comes from? yeah, that's totally the biggest news here for me. Is there actually a decent half hour video program of technology news that's not just a beauty pageant for new consumer electronics? I haven't been to that site in probably 15 years. This is about what I think of: http://3.bp.blogspot.com/_o1MzQ-TV5SU/SIk8yBmT1ZI/AAAAAAAAEM... The red logo, a lot of blue over the right half of the screen and I could have sworn that the login was on the left hand side, that's how I remember it. This is the hotmail that is basically, burned into my memory until my death: http://i.i.com.com/cnwk.1d/i/ne/p/2006/1997-hotmail.jpg Nice Find! I added it to my git-themed twitter account here: https://twitter.com/#!/gitHater Let me explain what's happening. What you are looking at is actually part-git, part unix-shell-y. You did ls * .txt Let's try something way crazy, type echo * .txt What do you see? All of your txt files right? But that's just echo, not ls. Ahh. Here's the clinch. When you do " * ", that's called either shell "expansion" or "globbing" depending on your shell. Basically, the shell says "ok, before I run your command, I'm going to look at it and see if I need to do anything on my end" This is why you can do $ n=0 $ echo $n The shell hijacks your input, replacing "$n" with "0", then feeds it into echo In your example, the shell has hijacked the star in "ls * .txt", replaced it with all of your txt files, say (a.txt, b.txt) and then ran ls. That means that ls ACTUALLY got ls a.txt b.txt And THAT's why it works with echo. --------- So git add "* .txt" works differently, what gives? Well, when you put things in double or single quotes you are telling the shell "hey, don't do your usual stuff here". The single quotes are more extreme. If we go back to our n=0 example we can try two more things: $ n=0 $ echo $n $ echo "$n" $ echo '$n' As you can see, the ' says "relax shell, I have this". So when you do git add "* .txt" you are actually passing the "* .txt" to git. In most reasonable, sensible programs, the program will look for a file named "asterisk dot t x t" in this case. But alas, our friends at git have decided to be tricky. The ' * ' syntax for git is similar to gitignore-like syntax ( http://www.kernel.org/pub/software/scm/git/docs/v1.7.10/giti... ) "Awesome", you exclaim! Not so fast. It's not the same. So git add '!1' doesn't work. git add 'one/ * * ' doesn't work, only git add ' * ' seems to work. Why is it so hard? Good question! I haven't any idea. But we can commiserate together ... you know, over twitter. Have a good one! It was under pretty heavy load ... should be ok now. Indeed! In the introduction I talked about how there was that one-percenter of programmers who know-better-than-the-rest and can majestically out-smart the compiler every time. I assume that those people know what they are doing and don't need to read this! This was for the rest of us. to the rescue: http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Mars_surface_color I was asked this question once and I said "This is a common, widely discussed interview question on the internet. Are you trying to find out how smart I am thinking on my feet or whether I surf the web, because in practice, on the job, I'd be doing the latter to find out the answer. If you have genuinely unique problems here, you can do better than that." And yeah, didn't get that one. Oh well. "Brain teasers" with thoroughly documented, widely-read solutions leave you with a Bayesian problem: You'll have the 0.5% geniuses that can come up with the answer in 2 minutes and 5% of people that have read the answer but will make you believe that they are geniuses by not disclosing they have read the solution. In other words, you'd probably get 90% cheaters and 10% smarties. duh? I'm sorry but low security systems like hotel rooms of course have wide vulnerabilities. The front desk will just give out keys based on trust since you don't have to register everyone staying in the room; they don't even have an audit trail if they wanted to use it. Keyless entry cars are mostly crackable ... garage door systems are trivial, you can bump pin tumbler locks, many home security systems have no backup power. rfid skimmers are cheap and easy-to-use. almost every elock I've seen has the bus readily exposed on the outside (secured by a single screw at best). There's at most 6 things I can think of that actually do not have trivial security issues. If I knew I would become famous by informing the press that, for instance, a car model only has a handful of key patterns for millions of cars, I would have done it a long time ago, but I thought such things were just stupefyingly obvious. Many after-market and non-luxury cars can fall victim to a replay attack. More expensive vehicles use something called a rolling code, here's an example chip: http://ww1.microchip.com/downloads/en/devicedoc/21143b.pdf and http://www.atmel.com/Images/doc2600.pdf Just to be perfectly clear, what you have is a synchronized incrementing number usually using some in-house block-cipher with a 2^16 period. When the car receives a PRN from the RKE, it checks the locality of its current sequence (usually about 2^8) and then if the PRN matches one of them, you are in. So if you have the 2^16 sequence, just skip over every 2^8 and see if it unlocks. That's 2^8 tries; under a second. If you don't have that, with a few sequences you can deduce the key pretty easily; each PRN is 32 bits; providing you up to 32 bits of information. Since the payload is an incrementing 16 bit number you have probably 3 bits of entropy on the 32 bits (8 PKE commands between your sniffing). Anyway, assume you have 29 bits from the 32. You also have to toss the 16 bit sequence on the 64 bit source key calculations since it is effectively a salt. Therefore, you can conservatively get the magic 64-bit key in 6 transmissions assuming there are no sequence collisions of that length. And even if there are, the solution space of the collisions would be quite modest. Since each transmission has a plaintext serial associated with it (usually a subset of the VIN ... available on the windshield and all), you are not at a loss as to which transmission is which car. So install your sniffer in an office-building parking structure on Monday, assume codes before 1100 are locks, after 1400 are unlocks, and you are in the car of your choosing by Thursday. Pretend you don't have this. Pretend you want to do brute force on the 32 bit key-space. There's something called guard time. The idea is that there's a backoff period before another code can be tried. That's usually about a millisecond or two; if at all. The transmission of the payload is on the order of tens of microseconds. So generally speaking you can presume that you can do about 1.5m keys an hour. Now let's say you are a car thief and you go to a lot of new cars ... there's 64 of them (2^6) just to make our lives easy. You have a wonderful consequence of the birthday-problem. A 2^32 key space with a 2^8 tolerance over 2^6 vehicles ... means (32 - 8 - 6) = 2^18 keys until you should have a match. Now let's see, you can generate about 2^21 keys per hour ... oopsie daisy. Look what we just did ... Your mean time to unlock one of the cars passes a 50% threshold in all of 4 minutes. And that's the naive approach, without doing any predictive plaintext attack. Now let's assume you use both methods together. We aren't talking about much waiting time here. So I mean yes, the rolling code means you can't just do a replay. Ok, fine ... right ... you have to do a napkin full of math and a little programming. It's not real security. The "Cheap as an anti-theft mechanism" hypothesis has interested me in a while. I don't know how true it is though. I see the cost/benefit argument, sure. But then again, thieves come in all stripes. Maybe we should call them matryoshkas? Is this consistent with other companies? Did Ford's heyday end after Henry died? Standard Oil after Rockefeller? Hearst after WRH? Arguably Microsoft has faltered after Gates; what about Hughes Aircraft; well ... right. Founders cashing out after the equity event seem to be a constant death-blow to acquired properties; Snapple, CompuServe, Bebo, Mirabilis, Xoom, AOL, Excite, MySpace, GeoCities. But then again there's Paypal, reddit, and IGN. Nintendo had Gunpei Yokoi, Atari had Nolan Bushnell, MGM had Louis B Mayer; Sony had Ibuka and Morita. Even Disney started tumbling after Walt's death. Virgin has Richard Branson, Subway has DeLuca, Aldi has Albrecht, Koch has the brothers, Oracle has Ellison, Google has Sergey and Brin, FB has Zuck, News Corp has Murdoch, even HN has pg, Ubuntu has Shuttleworth, Wikileaks has Assange, Linux has Linus, and Wikipedia has Jimbo. Perhaps there's something to this on a more general scale. There's other stories though; 3M, Kraft, Merck, Kroger, General Mills, Walmart, McDonalds, Procter & Gamble, Safeway, and Samsung; all continued success long after the founders demise or exodus and without quasi-government granted funding or monopolies (e.g. telecom, auto, and energy). Although perhaps one could argue that these companies have either lost their soul or assumed a malevolent one; none of them, save Samsung and perhaps McDonalds really produce, I'd say, goods that capture people's imagination. Ok, two things. The first element loaded here on the train was stop soundtrack ... that made me bounce as I thought "My mobile tethering will choke on this" and "I don't have headphones hooked up". * A lot of idle browsing come from idle time spent at coffee shops, libraries, and trains using low-power devices (e.g. netbooks, tablets, phones). If you want that to be your time then you have to play by those rules. Make sure your experience is acceptable for these scenarios. * People don't expect playing audio on page-load. If you are trying to shock, ok. But if you are trying to get a message across, and people are around other people they will bounce from your site or have to quickly press mute...you're forcing your user to be really reactive here. Instead of trying to understand the content, they are doing damage control. Think about your grandparents riding the subway reading the old-time newspaper or standing in line somewhere with the 25cent novel. Although our media today has changed, the purpose of the content consumption really hasn't. Make sure you captivate people in analogous ways. Second, the domain made me think it was a reboot of "post-secret". You can go with a goofy or an intriguing domain as long as you deliver something that matches the level of goof or intrigue. The delivery here is ok ... being on HN, I just expected more I guess. If they are including tab/window open and idling, then it's not really fair. It's kind of like presuming that a magazine is being constantly read from the moment it enters your house to the moment it leaves in the rubbish bin. Apple already eats up 71% of the mobile profits. Looks like they never forgot how to act like a monopoly in all these years and they like getting up on stage and playing all their 20 year old tunes: http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Apple_Computer,_Inc._v._Microso... http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Graphical_Environment_Manager#L... Buying their products is saying, with your actual wallet, and your actual real money in completely unequivocal terms: "Yes, I fully support these blunt litigious anti-competitive tactics. Please do this more." It's almost like a more evil serpent version of the Windows tax: http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Windows_refund#The_.22Windows_t... What if Apple spent all this lawyer money instead on making a superior product that would beat their competitors, you know, because it was a better product, and not just go around and be the corporate Tonya Harding? you did see this http://i.imgur.com/KPGYL.jpg right? A large-screen candybar phone isn't really revolutionary. Nor is a touch-screen interface. I really don't know what you mean. Something with a web-browser? http://www.pocketpcfaq.com/wce/wceapps.htm A home-screen? http://reviews.cnet.com/smartphones/palm-treo-600-at/4505-64... An app store? http://reviews.cnet.com/4520-3504_7-5021267-1.html Face-time? http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/File:Dell_Axim_X30_624.jpg Nothing that Apple did was really that new ... they have never been the "new"; just the people that came up with the right marketing sauce to convince people to buy it; and that's just a US thing. US lagging behind in mobile tech was an on-going joke up until about 2007 because other companies had had run-away successes in the Asian and Europe markets already. Just nothing of that scale in the US. There were touch-screen smartphones in 1994 http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/File:IBM_Simon_Personal_Communi... ... Oftentimes there were widely available commercial equivalencies 10, 15, even 20 years prior to the Apple "Innovation" event. And then a few years later they (Apple) pretend like they invented and own all of it. I don't see Palm or Rim or LG or Qualcomm or IBM or Sony or Nokia or Ericsson or even Microsoft going around and suing the pants of people in the Mobile space; even though they clearly have more of the prior art right than Apple does. With Apple, suing people out of market has been their modus operandi at least since Lisa. And I really don't know what you mean with the Microsoft comparison; you can do a very identical analysis with early 80s computer UIs ... from visicalc to desqview to deskmate to countless utility suites that did WIMP pre-lisa, some even graphically (e.g., wordperfect, wordstar)