I'm commenting here since I can't edit a Google doc at work. Maybe I misunderstand the question, but if we are talking about content-driven external-facing sites, the development platform is the wrong place to start the conversation. That implies building a CMS from scratch which is a terrible idea--it would take longer, cost more, be less secure, and less flexible, than using a well-established open source CMS. There's no reason to develop a custom web CMS from scratch anymore unless it is the core product of the company (examples: Reddit, Stack Overflow, Facebook, Twitter). Start with their content and then find an open-source CMS that can do what they want between the core functionality and any contributed modules. I'd make a slight correction and say that the point of publication is not so others can reproduce your work, it is so others can confirm your results. Exact reproduction can be problematic in science because if there was a flaw in the original experimental design or method, an exact reproduction could "confirm" that same flawed result. It's better if other scientists can learn enough to understand the result, and design their own experiments to confirm or disprove it. A super simple example is if I drop something and then report a value for gravitational acceleration. But what if I dropped a feather? If you simply reproduce the experiment, you'll get the same (wrong) result. Whereas if you select your object to drop, there's a better chance you'll pick something denser and get a different result. Your conclusion seems to be: why do we need peer review if the results are this bad? But an alternative perspective might be: think of how much worse things would be _without_ peer review. Yes but their hardware always comes preloaded with software and services. Since they don't sell "naked" hardware, there's really no way to parse the value proposition. For what it's worth, Steve Jobs said multiple times at the D conference that in his mind, most of the value comes from the software...the hardware enables it and is the "pretty box". In my daily life there are 10 devices I might use to access email. Instead of spending time to configure IMAP and/or SSH on every device, I just log into Gmail and get shit done the same way in all 10 places. About 10 years ago I was working for a consultant and ran a research project on pen-based computing. We learned that most people who were happy with pen-based computers had gotten them at a steep discount. They felt that the products had shortcomings but that was ok because they were so cheap. The only two exceptions--pen-based computing products that had found significant success at their MSRP--were Wacom and Palm/Handspring. The key to the mystery was handwriting recognition. 100% recognition is impossible, even for humans. But while we accept human misses, there is pretty much no tolerance for misses in a computing interface. With a miss, the value of the pen input (speed and natural feel) is lost in the need to correct. Wacom succeeds because it does not even try to do handwriting recognition. Palm/Handspring succeeded by inventing new motions for per-letter entry that people had to learn (called Graffiti). This reversed the user expectation: if the recognition failed, many users would assume it was their own fault for not doing the Graffiti entry properly. They wouldn't blame the machine, so their opinion of its value did not suffer. Styluses are still hugely popular for animators, artists, and some graphic designers. Wacom is still going strong. But any computer that relies on a stylus for text entry is probably doomed to fail. The "Internet connected refrigerator that manages food for you" has been an example of this sort of thinking for at least 10 years, and it's no closer to being something that anyone actually wants. Most of these only really took off once PARC shared them with other people and companies. If Google is willing to subsidize a free refrigerator for me so they can serve ads on it, I will consider it. :-) I haven't read the book, but is the thesis of this discussion that the book is fatally flawed because Isaacson didn't challenge Bill Gates on the details of how NeXTStep evolved into OS X? This doesn't really seem like THE crucial moment in the entire life of Steve Jobs. Each one of these decisions involved numerous other people; these stories are still out there ready to be told. I would ask Siracusa why he, as a tech journalist, has not run down more of these stories himself. A woman I knew in college got in and flew on the Shuttle. She was a geology major and then a high school teacher. So there must be something beyond the science and pilot aspects in the evaluation. Well Photoshop is a bit more complex software than a text editor; it's more of a deep toolset than just a frame. Being great at Photoshop means that at least the tool command is there to do great design work. It's probably more akin to a development platform, like saying someone is a "Ruby wiz." It still doesn't mean they'll do great work, but at least they CAN do great work. If someone sucks at Ruby (or Photoshop) they are going to have a hard time developing great products with it. How much does saying someone is a Ruby wiz tell you about the programs they create? Knowing how to write functional, efficient code is no guarantee of producing a useful, interesting, or beautiful program. Edit to add: beautiful software is a design problem--encompassing both function and looks. If the functional design is good, but the person doesn't know Photoshop, it makes sense to hire a Photoshop wiz to help them with the looks. I think we're in agreement, though, that being good with the tool is not by itself evidence of good design. Google is already legally responsible for all the content on YouTube. The DMCA does not remove liability, it just sets out a process for managing liability--the takedown notice. If Google ignores conforming legitimate takedown notices, under the DMCA, they are fully liable for the infringing content. And as we see with Viacom, the DMCA does not actually prevent private lawsuits. It's just a metaphorical term of art. Most people wouldn't want to work with "garbage collection" every day, but of course many programmers do. The dividing line can be neatly seen as whether a company derives its value from server-hosted software or not. Companies which derive their value from server-hosted software have no reason to support IP-protecting legislation because their IP is already protected by the server/client architecture. Companies like Microsoft, Apple, most game companies, and of course content companies transmit their entire IP to each customer. It is impossible to technologically prevent the copying of this IP--we all know the failings of DRM. Thus they must depend on the law for protection. I hypothesize that Google might be less sanguine about IP protections if a new technology became available which allowed anyone to easily view and copy the Google search algorithm code at any time. To come at that question from the other direction, I sometimes wonder what (if any) anti-piracy bill some tech folks would support. The counter-argument to better IP enforcement often seems to be "change your business model", which is not a policy statement. The private right of action in SOPA is actually modeled on the DMCA notice. Let's say a record label asks PayPal to stop payments to an allegedly "infringing site". PayPal must notify the allegedly infringing site of that request within 5 days. If that site provides a counter-notification, PayPal leaves the site alone and checks out of the whole process. From that point, the record label has to go to a judge to try to get an injunction against the site (with all the associated burden of proof, etc). The DNS blocking is only available to federal law enforcement; a private complaint can't pull DNS under any circumstance. I think you're really stretching here. The core issue is whether companies value their employees--that comes through in how the employees actually get treated, not the use of one word vs. another. Just making something illegal doesn't prevent it from happening--there also need to be laws providing mechanisms for investigation and enforcement. The phone companies have all sorts of legal duties to law enforcement. If a court orders it, they have to assist with taps, traces, geolocation, call records, etc. As you say, piracy is already illegal. And we know there's a ton of casual piracy that goes on--see: http://arstechnica.com/tech-policy/news/2011/11/its-official... So the question is: what mechanisms of enforcement can dampen casual piracy and yet be acceptable to most tech companies? How would SOPA give the U.S. govt. any more power over Facebook, Twitter, or Amazon? The DNS blocking is basically the same power as domain seizing, which the feds already have today. In other words if the U.S. govt wanted to try to take down Facebook, Twitter, or Amazon today, they could already do so by trying to seize their domains. There's no difference in the process or standard of proof. The only thing SOPA adds is DNS blocking since the feds do not have jurisdiction over domains registered outside the U.S. It is great to stand up to bad legislation, but it is not great to be hyperbolic and inaccurate about the bill. Whether or not one thinks the feds should have the power to seize domains, my point is just that SOPA does not expand that power w/respect to U.S.-based sites. I don't think the fight is really "Hollywood vs. Internet" since there are some tech companies who are big on the Internet, who have not come out against the bill--like Microsoft, Apple, Amazon, Netflix, etc. I'm guessing that it is more of a fight between business models--distributing "pro" content vs. aggregating user-generated content. There are some fine lines being walked in the tech industry. Microsoft hates piracy of their package software, but Bing would face all the same legal issues under SOPA that Google would. Google wants to maximize freedom for Search and YouTube, but they are also trying to buddy up to big content for products like Google TV and the new music service. Fair point, I hadn't looked at it that way. Considering Matt's day job, that might not be an accident! :-) Not money, wealth. There's a big difference. And it's not even really wealth, since it contains huge but not-real numbers like the notional size of derivative contracts. The BSA is trying to walk the same fine line as everyone else. It's also worth pointing out that fighting piracy is only one part of what the MPAA does. Their budget also covers the entire film rating system, quite a bit of industry research and reporting, and lobbying at the state and federal level for things like tax breaks, union regulations, etc. A lot of running plays involve one or more o-linemen pulling to overload one side or the other. Many play actions pull a lineman or two but then back-fill the pass protection with the backs or tight end. This looks like a run even though none of the o-line go downfield. Because the people are outside the U.S. and thus outside the U.S. government's jurisdiction. The domain name is registered through a U.S.-based registrar so it is subject to U.S. jurisdiction. Whether you like him or not, he runs a successful, profitable business--which is proof he has some idea what he is talking about. I think the point is that he could not have afforded to buy a lounge if he hadn't first worked hard enough to succeed in a startup. It's worth pointing out that while Arrington is a VC now, he also started his own company (TechCrunch), worked very hard to grow it for years, and guided it to a nice exit to AOL. So this is not necessarily a case of "do as I say, not as I do." He was famously hard working when he was growing TechCrunch. The hover nav is a usability abomination. It's not discoverable--the only clue it's there is a tiny arrow. On the old bar it was totally obvious where the links were to jump to other properties. It presents an inconsistent user interface. If you move the pointer in from the bottom, you're on the left nav. If you move the pointer in from the top, you're on the hover nav. It would be like getting two totally different neighborhoods depending on whether you drove in from the north or south. It requires precise mouse choreography. It's not enough to aim for the target, you have to follow a specific path to get there (especially true with the extra fly-out submenu). If you don't, you have to go back to the beginning and start over. The old bar was a fixed set of targets--easy to hit from wherever. The idea of a menu is fine, it is the implementation that needs work. They could easily fix this with two changes: 1) Add a button or link that is specific to exposing the menu (call it "Menu" or "Products" or "Go to other Google services" or whatever). This way it's obvious what the user must do to expose further options. That also frees the Google logo to simply link home, which is what logos generally do on the web. 2) Make the menu open and close with a click instead of hover. That way you don't have be an expert mouse pilot to get to the link you want. It also maintain consistency with the dominant paradigm in a GUI, which is "click to take an action." Think about it--have you EVER seen a hover menu built into an OS? I'm not familiar with Linux GUIs but on Windows and Mac OS X, menus always take a click to expose them. Edit: Just submitted an image of this to HN: http://news.ycombinator.com/item?id=3296021 I think the urge to seastead comes from the same place as the urge to refactor code. "Let's just start over, it's bound to be way better because of all we've learned." But as well know, there is no guarantee that refactoring from scratch is going to produce a better product. Modern states are like old codebases. They are a huge pain in the ass to maintain, BUT they also contain bug fixes and tweaks from 1,000+ solved problems. In fact all those fixes are probably why it is such a pain in the ass to maintain. That doesn't mean they aren't good fixes that are still relevant and necessary. I think the simplest solution to the mismatched stick issue is to use servo motors to replicate the old situation--the movement of each stick mirrors the movements of the other. A pilot wouldn't have to look for some stick position display, or indicator light, if they can easily feel the deflection of the stick. Some ideas: Illuminate the pilot's footwells with a bright red light. There is normally no illumination there at all, plus it takes up a fairly large percentage of their viewable area when looking at their screens. Or, change the background colors of all the screens from black to red. That might harm usability too much though. Maybe change all the other switch backlighting over to red. Or change the cabin overhead lighting over to red. To the greatest extent possible, the entire environment and interface needs to communicate the modal shift. And pilots would need to train on this shift constantly so that recognition, and the appropriate shift in thinking, would happen habitually. The Chinese relish any opportunity to make the claim that the U.S. is no better than them. There's a chip on the shoulder of their culture, which is strongly encouraged by the Communist leadership as a way of maintaining social order. Nothing suppresses dissent like an external competitor/enemy. But the reality is that SOPA is no more capable of overriding our Constitutional rights than any other law that Congress might pass. It's a significant difference between the countries that can't be wished away. Looks like I will be holding onto these Touchpads! Very exciting news. Many laws have passed, that were subsequently struck down by the Supreme Court as violations of the Constitution. I'm not aware of a similar process in China. Copyright probably did not bring about an increase in total creativity or art excellence. (How would one measure those metrics anyway?) What copyright did was create financial incentives for distributing the existing levels of creativity far and wide--so people other than rich patrons can enjoy creative works. Ok, that might work for Stephen King today, but how would it have worked for JK Rowling in 1995? What a terrible idea; I can't think of a faster way to kill the public credibility of this open encyclopedia project. Sure--nothing seizes the moral high ground in a censorship fight like censoring a whole bunch of democratically elected officials. As a 501(c)3, the Wikimedia Foundation is legally required to stay out of politics, and has limits on how it can lobby Congress on specific pieces of legislation. This is why, for example, the Sierra Club is not a 501(c)3. Changing Wikipedia, and tying it to a specific bill like SOPA, would likely tread very closely to that line, or over it. That really WOULD threaten the future of Wikipedia as it would face legal sanctions, or be forced to give up its 501(c)3 status, meaning that donations would no longer be tax-deductible. The WM produces one project: Wikipedia, the bulk of which is the English-language version. If that is given over entirely to lobbying a specific bill, even temporarily, they would have a very hard time arguing that that is not a "substantial portion" of their activity. This sounds great but I think it is worth considering two things: 1) I'm not aware of any persecution or prosecution of any private citizen for modifying their own device. For instance I've never heard of Apple seeking legal action against an iPhone owner who jailbroke their phone. Or heck, even against any of the groups who publish jailbreaks. 2) This would not force any manufacturer or carrier to provide support or assistance in modifying device software. As a point of legal clarification I think it sounds great but I think there would be little practical impact. Replying to myself to point out that Jimbo addressed this concern directly here: https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/User_talk:Jimbo_Wales#An_updat... We're talking about ads right now. The fundamental flaw of the DMCA is that it does not provide a mechanism for handling sites that exist outside U.S. legal jurisdiction (but of course are just as easily reached by U.S. citizens). There is a volume problem with the DMCA, as earbit notes, but I tend to think that that is solvable with software. But when a site sits on a fat pipe in the Ukraine, serving up every movie made in the last 10 years for free, there is currently nothing in the DMCA or other U.S. law that can do anything about it. It's worth pointing out that in general, people still have to pay for transportation even though the buggy whips are gone. The argument here is whether in general, people still have to pay for music. I think Citizens United was decided correctly, and while I support stronger protection of IP, I think SOPA is written too broadly. I see a big distinction between putting out an original movie that mentions a candidate (the issue in Citizens United) and building a website to distribute other people's movies (the issue in SOPA). Edit to clarify: distribute other people's movies without their permission. I could make an argument that it is transparency itself that is helping to erode that distrust, as each side seizes on (and/or misrepresents) details to portray the other side as corrupt. When in fact most legislative fights are simply translations of differences of opinion into the legislative realm. Accusations of corruption are a common framing argument; if I can get you to believe that my opponent is corrupting the system, I can make you believe almost anything about the issue or their point of view. This is much harder to do if both sides negotiate privately and then jointly present a compromise. As someone who has interacted with the government quite a bit,I think your post comes across as ignorant. I don't mean that in an insulting way, but rather simply that it's obvious you have not interacted with the offices of your federal elected officials much. There is a major difference between the bureaucracies of the executive agencies (think DoD $100 hammers), and the political and office staff of members of Congress. Political campaigns are basically startups, and most campaign and Congressional office staff are in their 20s or 30s. They are not scared of technology, and (especially in the House), they are intensely focused on competing every day. On the other hand, realize that they are working within a system of government whose #1 goal is to make sure that every law gets fully considered. It's built slow on purpose. The value of this is evident every time an opposition is able to slow down or stop a bad law. If you actually believe this then I would argue that you don't actually know how Congress works. There are numerous examples of citizen action overcoming superior funding on the other side; the entire environmental movement is one example. Along these same lines, I remember the fight over the DMCA. It's kind of funny to see the tech industry defending it so strongly today. There was a while there when it was probably the most hated law on the web. That part about them hand-illustrating in 3D was a joke. They show one guy working on the red version and one on the blue, side by side. There's no way they could do that precisely enough to actually produce a 3D image by hand. It betrays a fundamental misunderstanding of the traits related to cognition. Our "selfish genes" do not tell us how to think; instead cognition represents a delegation of authority from the genes to the carrier. We are attracted to porn, yes, but we are also aware that we are attracted to porn. Thus as some citizens descended into opium stupor, others observed that descent and made conscious choices to avoid it. As a result, human society did not devolve into one big opium den. Just like it will not devolve into one big World of Warcraft game. The real reason we have not heard from aliens is that the distances are physically impossible to bridge. This is a very important clarification because I think many folks believe that if they can hammer on the specific failings of SOPA, they will somehow "win." Fact of the matter is that IP issues on the Internet are not going to go away, because a lot of big companies believe their businesses are being harmed. So the long-term view is that the SOPA fight is just one piece of a long negotiation. This particular story is not about SOPA, it's about one company attacking another company for their business. This is a PR bonanza for Namecheap and they are going to ride it for as long as they can. Who uses email as the primary key for a CRM? What if a customer changes their email address? I have a hard time believing that kids or old people have never seen ads online before, and would be so easily confused. Even so, it is a problem that could be well addressed by the design of the ad space. It's much more difficult to detect and evaluate bias within the text of an article. There is plenty of this on Wikipedia now, usually because of partisan or ideological edit wars on lightly read articles. And it's getting worse as more and more barriers are erected to casual or first-time editors. It is almost impossible right now for someone viewing an article for the first time to improve it, even with cited sources. Regardless of quality, the changes are frequently reverted quickly by a bot or someone squatting the article. To get a significant addition or change to "stick" requires a large time investment and knowledge of the arcane rules of appeal within the growing Wikipedia bureaucracy. Result: most people don't bother. This, to me, is a much larger problem of bias than what you describe. I actually think ads could help this problem by decoupling the content from the money. Right now a relatively small group of people are the most powerful editors AND the largest donors. Wikipedia is at risk of becoming captive to a set of people who think it is "theirs." It is naive to think that money is the only conflict of interest. Wikipedia is rife with ideological conflicts of interest now, and much of the growing edit bureaucracy is designed to protect these conflicts of interest. NPR makes most of its money from private foundations and corporate sponsors, both of whom it acknowledges by name on the air. That is a type of ad. Wikimedia Foundation could raise a ton of money if they just did something like this. "I'm even more excited about seeing a $25 mobile device that has access to a killer web browser and endless mobile apps, and watching that device appear in the hands of a billion school children over the next 10 years." I would be excited to see that too. Can anyone point me towards such a device? "What Nokia did for the mobile phone, Android is doing for the smartphone." I don't see how, because Nokia is a hardware manufacturer who actually makes phones, and Android is just an operating system. It seems to me the hard part of getting to the $25 unlocked price point is the hardware, not the OS. Android is not even the only open-source phone operating system--how about Meego, created by (aptly) Nokia, and hosted by the nonprofit Linux Foundation? Android is a cool product, but I have a hard time swallowing the self-congratulatory posturing. So far Android has not done a single thing for the 3rd world poor. As far as I can tell, so far all it has done is provided the skeleton for a bunch of proprietary implementations by first-world hardware manufacturers and mobile operators. Nuclear war isn't the sort of thing that usually produces winners. I have a hard time seeing Google in particular starting a nuclear war over this. They value relationships with big content providers and have done a lot to build them. If a drastic action leads content providers to pull out of YouTube, Google Music, Google TV, etc., it would hurt Google quite a bit. Users care a lot less about YouTube than they care about what they can watch on YouTube, and the most popular videos are "official" music videos. It is rare that huge consumer companies allow legislative fights to spill over and impact their core business. It usually just annoys customers rather than generating any sort of meaningful grassroots bump. Richard Feynman never said anything about SOPA and I find it distasteful to try to leach off his name this way. > Internet companies have made billions of dollars in an unregulated market but have not paid off Congressmen/Senators through campaign contributions, lobbyists, creation of significant PACs, 527 committees -- things which all appeal to a politician's self-interest. This is completely false; Internet companies are regulated by the DMCA, which provides them safe harbor from private lawsuits related to copyright infringement. If the DMCA did not exist, they would have been sued into oblivion by the content companies long ago. There are a lot of reasons to oppose SOPA but let's not pretend that the Internet is unregulated. So do we just invoke "SOPA" for any little hiccup now? Spam blacklists are not exactly a new issue on the Internet. Big music labels exist because most musicians don't want to run a business, they want to make music. The label handles the business stuff for them. If musicians do want to run a business, copyright protections will help them just like they will help a major label. Ani Difranco started and built her own label by selling recordings. In situations like that (or Dischord, or Fat Wreck Chords, or Epitaph, etc.), copyrighted recordings actually helped musicians thrive outside the major label system. Major labels are much better equipped today to deal with piracy than small independent labels. These days they just do "360 deals" where they guarantee themselves a cut of everything--concert revenues, merchandise, sync licensing (e.g. TV ads). Creating digital copies is not free. It requires computing resources, connectivity, and electricity, all of which we pay for. I don't think the issue of digital copying is as revolutionary as we all like to think it is. I think we can look at it as another step on the long trek of using automation to reduce content production costs--a trek which began with the advent of the printing press. That was when the legal concept of copyright originated--which, for historical context, was the time of Newton. If you had a printing press back then, the cost of reproduction was reduced essentially to the commodity costs of paper and ink, plus the time to configure the copying. Fast forward to today. If you have a computer, the cost of reproduction has now been reduced to the commodity costs of electricity, fractional hard drive cost, and bandwidth, plus the time to configure the copy. Granted, those costs are way, way lower than a printing press 300 years ago. But to me at least that seems like a matter of degree than some fundamental difference. The answer is obviously (a). But Rick Santorum is hardly "one of the best-known national Republican figures of the last 30 years." I'd put on that list people like Reagan, George HW Bush, George W Bush, Cheney, Powell, McCain, Limbaugh, Gingrich, etc. That fact that you'd even think to put Sen. Santorum in that company inclines me to question your judgment. Santorum is a 2-term Senator who ran poorly for president a couple times, and who was made mildly more famous due to a minor controversy. He's like the Gary Hart of the GOP. > Google most assuredly does have signals as to which of the results on that first SERP are the ones users are actually looking for. Yes, and the spreading santorum site is the first result. So unless you have some actual counterproof, I think the reasonable assumption is that Google is giving the people what they ask for, as usual. Especially since Bing returns the same top result. Anyway, the whole thesis of this thread is factually wrong, since the top result today on Google for "santorum" is actually the Iowa caucus results table from the Associated Press. So Google has, in fact, manually inserted a search result in response to the surge in interest in Santorum the candidate. (Bing, by the way, has not.) It's of concern to us because we like the parts of Iranian society you mention, and we'd like them to succeed. This action will most likely harm them. The hyperbole around this law is getting irritating. Congress can't restrict First Amendment rights online any more easily than they can in print; laws cannot override the Constitution. Look, either you believe the Constitution limits the powers of the government, or you believe it doesn't. If it does, then SOPA would be subject to those limitations as much as any printing press law would (the example to which I was responding). If it doesn't, then why does SOPA matter at all? The government could just shut down websites left and right tomorrow regardless of what the law says. Only a truly stupid person would run for political office in search of financial gain. The level of work is extremely high (hours like a startup) but the amounts of money are small. For instance the average House campaign is just a bit over $1 million, and that funds dozens of people working very long hours for almost a year. Compare to capital funding or revenue levels in business. People willing to work that hard could make a lot more money in almost any industry. As hokey as it sounds, people get involved in politics because they want to change the world. It is the natural end result of activism like we are seeing around SOPA. It's possible that at some point, someone fighting SOPA will decide to work for a candidate or run for office themselves. At that point they'll need to start raising funds. Will that corrupt them automatically? I don't think so. It's actually not incompatible with SOPA. The bill demands that ISPs block DNS routing for certain domains. Returning no response to a DNS request would not break DNSSEC. It would just look like that site did not exist. Some people have proposed that instead of blocking DNS, ISPs should redirect a DNS request. That would be incompatible with DNSSEC--but that requirement is not in the bill. No, it's not. It might be immune from the DNS blocking but that is only part of the bill. The other part provides a process for content owners to issue "takedown" orders to ad and payment processors who do business with companies like TPB. No surprise: if people want something, and you lower the price, they will usually consume more of it. That might lead to greater profits if the growth in sales volume exceeds the reduction in profit margin. Or it might not. That relationship is called the price elasticity curve; every product has a different shape and optimization point. Learning the shape, and picking the optimization point, is a huge part of selling something. But the key point is that it is the right of seller to place themselves on that curve. LogMeIn Ignition is $30 in the iOS App Store. Obviously they would sell more copies if it was 99 cents, but they've chosen their pricing strategy. Does the mere existence of greater demand make it ok for people to pirate that software instead? I don't think it does. It's obviously true that there is not a 1:1 relationship between piracy and lost sales. But it's also not a 0:1...some pirated copies are in fact lost sales. And, what's lost in talking about this equivalence (or lack thereof) is the damage to the pricing strategy of the seller--even the copies they do sell will necessarily be lower on the price elasticity curve because piracy increases the volume. It's true that people are more creative in private than they are in public. But, that is why brainstorming sessions are so useful. Brainstorm sessions might surface creativity that has already happened. If you ask a group, "What are some product ideas we haven't considered?", there's a chance that some people have been independently thinking about new products, but wouldn't have thought to propose them. Or they can serve to direct/request creativity. If you ask "What are some product ideas we haven't considered?", people who had not been thinking about new products, might start. It gives them something to think about on the drive home or in the shower. I've received some great ideas via email a few days after the actual session. I would bet a lot of money that every single one of those photos and video clips was properly licensed by Apple. It's not even that complicated a commercial for that sort of thing--compare to the first iPhone ad, which probably had 2-3 times as many copyrighted clips: http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=8nyYloJyq9M That's not really the way the harm actually plays out. The free rider problem generally won't affect entities that are very large, rich, and established. Microsoft has a ton of profitable relationships that won't just go away. Besides, they have so much money in the bank that they could easily fund the development of Windows 9 even if they did not receive a penny of revenue from Windows 8. Likewise, Radiohead is not checking the latest rates of piracy before deciding whether to put out another album. They have a big enough fan base that it doesn't really matter. But, if the free rider problem is bad enough it harms the ability of new entities--who do not have deep cash reserves or established relationships--to grow large enough to challenge the incumbents. To go from garage to professional success means making enough sales to either bootstrap or convince investors to buy in. If most customers are taking the product and not paying, that obviously is going to be a lot harder to do. I would put your position into the "clearly less informed" camp, sorry. Copyright originally was created as a legal concept shortly after the invention of the printing press* because individual small printers were making and selling copies of other people's books. At that time (about 400 years ago), there were no "well capitalized industrialists." The industrial revolution had not even happened yet, and the few corporations that existed at all were captives of the sovereign rulers who created them. In addition, from the very beginning, copyright was an individual author right that accrued to people, not companies. That is how it was enshrined in the U.S. Constitution for instance, although at that point in time it was already an old concept. The idea that it has always been (or is even today) a matter of industrial law is not accurate. > In truth, copyright law - as it exists - is fundamentally and irredeemably incompatible with a democratic society in which citizens have the power to duplicate and distribute at virtually no cost. This is the exact opposite of how public policy works. It is the very ease of copying that creates the need for a legal framework to regulate it. Before the printing press existed, copyright did not exist either--because it was not needed. In a free society where copying is free, the most precious thing is original throught, original opinion, original content. That is the last true scarcity, and must be protected. Otherwise how are we to distinguish one citizen from another? * BTW it is worth spending some time reviewing the history of the printing press and the impact it had on the world. I would argue that it was much more of a revolution than the Internet has been so far, although of course the Internet is still in its early stages of development. No. In fact, it would be a violation of federal law for Congress to interfere in a Justice Department investigation in the way this story describes. Well you've obviously got a better working grasp of names and dates than I do, but I think you're mistaking precision for accuracy. The Statute of Anne vested the copy monopoly explicitly in the author. Prior to that, guild members had the exclusive "right" to "copy" a manuscript, yes--but first they had to individually purchase the license to do so, from the author. This is what I mean when I say that copyright (in the modern, IP sense) ultimately accrued to the author. There was not much time following Gutenberg when it was legal for printers to copy whatever the heck they wanted. Recognition of authorship was a social norm that predated the printing press, and was very soon incorporated into the regulation of the new technology. To return to my broader point, try this thought experiment. Take snapshots of copying technology and IP law at 50 year intervals up to today. It doesn't matter if you start at 1450 or 1709. What you will find is that over time the marginal cost of copying has declined, and the legal protection of an author's IP has strengthened. Yet you're trying to argue that for some reason that trend will suddenly reverse. I don't see why it would. But I like to watch movies. I think a lot of movies are great--great enough to pay for them. Why should I shoot myself in the foot to keep someone else from shooting me in the foot? This idea that the root cause of all bad legislation is political donations: it's wrong, and not supported by the data. The vast majority of political donations are made by people who are not lobbyists. No one raised more political money in the history of this nation than Barack Obama during his presidential campaign, and the letter from his administration helped kill the bills. How about Rep. Issa and Sen. Wyden? Guess what, they got into office by spending donated money as well. The problem isn't money, the problem is engagement. The tech industry, particularly on the Internet entrepreneurial side, has long prided itself on staying out of Washington. Well, now we see the consequence of that approach: it took a last-minute emergency OMG shitstorm to stop some bills--bills that could have easily been shaped, adjusted, or stopped much earlier if the industry had been engaged and paying attention. The U.S. government is participatory. It will respond to citizen wishes, but only if citizens actively and continuously make their wishes known. And it is inclusive. No matter how much you might think copyright should end, or that the MPAA should just go away forever and die, there are enough people who disagree with you that it's just not going to happen. Internet companies and advocates need to get comfortable with continuously engaging content companies in the legislative process, seeking common ground, and compromising. IP law is not a winnable war. It is an ongoing negotiation that must be managed forever. A large portion of the work in the TV and film industries are not wage or salary jobs, they are contract gigs. Political campaigns are not, in the broader context of the U.S. economy, that expensive. The average cost of a winning House campaign in 2010 was less than $1.5 million. The max limit on a personal donation to any federal political campaign is $2,500. These are numbers that are pretty small compared to the value and salaries generated in either the entertainment or tech industries. The difference is that the entertainment industry has developed the culture and institutions to direct some of their value toward political activities. The tech industry largely has not. Joel's idea of free political advertising on tech properties could be problematic because advertising, even if freely given, has an economic value. Corporations are expressly forbidden from donating money to federal political campaigns, so this whole idea might be squashed by the FEC. Consider how long it takes to make a movie sometimes. The Tolkien estate realized quite a bit of value on the Lord of the Rings copyright via the Peter Jackson films, several decades after it had been written (not sure of the exact timing of the various payments). Now--is that a good argument for such a long copyright period? I don't think so. I think the only time copyright should survive the author's death is if they have kids who are not yet adult. Non-profits are corporations too; they are also forbidden from donating to political campaigns. If you created a PAC, then you could solicit donations from individuals and spend it on whatever candidates you, the PAC director, chose. But, PAC contributions and distributions are also pretty strictly limited: $5,000 per person, and $5,000 per candidate, respectively. Political parties can spend a lot more money, but only on candidates who are members of the same party. So for instance if you started the Internet Party, you couldn't give much money to a politician who is a declared Democrat or Republican. Sure, or the Internet companies could just make their own ads supporting each candidate, and run those. For instance Google could create ads telling voters to vote for Sen. Wyden and pre-roll them before every YouTube video served to Oregon. "Super PACs" can spend freely on their own political speech (i.e. their own ads). Legally, they can't give money directly to candidates or even coordinate with them. Only traditional PACs can do that. Giving ad time or ad space directly to candidates, as Joel proposes, would violate that rule--even if it was done by a Super PAC. However nothing would stop a Super PAC, or even the tech companies themselves, from creating their own ads supporting candidates, and running them on their own sites. (as long as they are not coordinated with the campaign) In case it wasn't clear above, I totally agree with you. If we could ever get copyright shortened I would expect a surge of creative output. "A solution is for the Internet industry to start giving free advertising to political campaigns on our own new media assets... assets like YouTube that are rapidly displacing television. Imagine if every political candidate had free access (under some kind of "equal time" rule) to enough advertising inventory on the Internet to run a respectable campaign." From the second sentence, it seemed to me that he was talking about companies directly giving advertising inventory directly to candidates. But now reading it again, it is a bit ambiguous. The PAC intermediary you describe would work legally, but it wouldn't be able to allocate much ad inventory to each candidate, since the most a PAC can give to each candidate is $5,000 aggregate per election cycle. I know you guys are in startup mode, but I hope you have retained a lawyer to advise and, if necessary, defend you. Lobbying is highly regulated and violations can result in federal prosecution. Just by paying a lobbying firm you will have to register with various federal agencies and report on the activities you fund. I don't see how the rules of society are an "arbitrary set of choices." The process of making law is not arbitrary; it's a conscious, directed process. I thank many of the people in power do recognize the issues, which is why transforming education has become such a hot focus lately. Broad advances in education were essential in allowing the "average" person to find employment in an industrial society; the modern average person is far, far more educated than they were 500 years ago when most average people were illiterate and farmed for a living. We will need a new transformation in education to allow future average people to find good work within an information-based economy. This means, for example, that the average person might be able to program computers at an average level in the future.