I would put this more on the reporter. He knew full well what the plan was, and chose to put himself in the situation voluntarily. I suspect there's also a bit of embellishment going on. Because the language of the GPL is highly centered around "linking", a GPL operating system doesn't present the same kind of corporate use/acceptance/etc issues as a GPL app or library. GPLV2: "This General Public License does not permit incorporating your program into proprietary programs. If your program is a subroutine library, you may consider it more useful to permit linking proprietary applications with the library" Consider that perhaps I'm not an idiot. Regardless of pedantry, a GPL OS does not raise the same kinds of issues for a typical corporation that a GPL library or application does. I see the downvotes. Funny, because this really is the part of the GPL that stirs up controversy at corporations. Yes, it doesn't say "linking" exactly. It talks about "derivative works". Then, the FSF, separately, says that linking to a GPL library (or integrating into a GPL program) is a derivative work. See: https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/GNU_General_Public_License (Check the "Linking and Derived Works" section) Or, have a look at the LGPL, created specifically to address this problem. Note that the FSF isn't thrilled about the LGPL. That's the big driver behind why a GPL OS doesn't create the kind of stir in a corporation that a GPL app or library does. Not saying it's right or wrong, just pointing out the difference. I'm not sure there's a reasonable way past the "Napoleon Dynamite Problem". They mentioned, in the article, other movies where it's difficult to predict if someone would like them or not. The list was “I Heart Huckabees,” “Lost in Translation,” “Fahrenheit 9/11,” “The Life Aquatic With Steve Zissou,” “Kill Bill: Volume 1” and “Sideways.” Personally, the common thread I see across those is that the viewer would be more likely to enjoy the movie if they had the right context. Kill Bill, for example, is far easier to enjoy if you've seen (not necessarily liked...but have seen) cheesy old Kung Fu / Karate movies. Napoleon Dynamite is easier to appreciate if you were socially awkward yourself in high school. There's also some humor in there that's more relevant if you were a kid in the 80's, as well as some humor that might make more sense if you lived somewhere rural, or even more specifically, rural Idaho/Utah/Wisconsin. All that to say that Netflix may not have enough data at their disposal to know if you have the right context to enjoy movies that almost require it. Are there screenshots of the interface somewhere? I don't see any, and it's not clear if signing up without paying would let you see the interface. Today, I use Anveo.com for this sort of thing. It also suffers from a relatively stodgy web presence, but the call flow builder, used to route incoming calls, is pretty much a full fledged IVR...really nice. Screenshot here: http://i.imgur.com/54aJqGn.png Mentioned the same thing in a different comment. Love Anveo (screenshot here: http://i.imgur.com/54aJqGn.png ) Would like to see a screenshot of this app...it looks like you have to sign up and pay to see the interface. Is there a service provider for which that isn't true? Father Guido Sarducci would be proud. "Just add water, and Mr. Tea does the rest!". Shame the video isn't anywhere I can find it. The video of the Father Guido Sarducci "Mr Tea" skit from Saturday Night Live? Thinking probably not :) >>How do they survive? Churn and burn. So long as the cost to bring the site up on a new domain is lower than whatever the profit is (ads?), the DMCA is just playing "whack a mole" ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Whac-A-Mole#Colloquial_usage ) I was, at first, amazed at the price point. Olimex, who are in a position to know, says that the BOM for this adds up to more than $20. https://olimex.wordpress.com/2015/06/05/how-to-get-in-the-ne... So, it's basically a marketing ploy, which is still cool, but they will have to find some way to make up the difference post launch. Assuming they manage to avoid 3rd parties cloning accessories and undercutting on price. That seems to be the pattern in this market. As a retailer myself, I wouldn't be thrilled with the model where the customer pays with their credit card on jet.com, then jet.com pays me with their own credit card and contact info. Not because I don't want the customer saving money, but because I am now not clear on who the customer actually is. What happens if there are customer service issues, an out of stock situation, returns, refunds, chargebacks, etc? Is Jet.com prepared to deal with all of that in this middle-man setup? "When a Jet customer buys items that aren’t in its inventory or available from partner merchants, a Jet employee buys the items from another website and has them shipped directly to the customer." http://www.wsj.com/articles/frenzy-around-shopping-site-jet-... Edit: The context is that the article at the top of this thread is showing one way they are sort of "faking" partners. The concierge model I'm referencing is another. Hopefully, it's a temporary thing, because it's messy. It might go lower, yes. But, the BOM is just the pile of parts. Doesn't include the board, assembly, etc. It seems clear the actual cost per unit, even with significant volume, will be substantially higher than $9. $5, for just the Allwinner chip, without the onboard memory and storage, IS competitive. Since they are using the SOM version with ram+storage, I wouldn't be terribly surprised that just the main chip would be more than $9. I would go one further, and say that's the primary motivator. Preemptive restructuring. "so this doesn't ameliorate any of EU's concerns" The announcement seems deliberately vague. You're right in that it doesn't specifically address the EU concerns, but it creates a structure where that's easier to do. Two main areas. It prepares you, in terms of financial visibility, experience, etc, if the most painful of anti-trust remedies (breakup) ever happens. AT&T, for example, would have likely proposed different terms for their breakup if they had better visibility into how Western Electric would have performed on its own. It provides more public financial visibility into some areas of concern, early. For example, it looks like Google fiber isn't staying with Google. Google fiber is probably a concern for at least US anti-trust regulators. >>I couldn't think of anything for U Also a stretch, but... universal analytics or maybe url shortener? (goo.gl) It's chess, not checkers. One move at a time. Also, minor, but Fiber would be an interest point for anti-trust, just not in the EU. Yes. I expected to see an article about stock images being overused across lots of publications, and whatever the fix for that is. The US prison/jail vendor ecosystem is a trap as well. The phone system is a good example. Inmates have some scheduled time where they can make phone calls, provided someone on the outside has funded an account. You, of course, expect it to be a little more expensive than normal phone service. However, here's the reality. You deposit $25, then: - $7 service fee for the credit card processing - $4.50 for the first minute of every call - then $2.50 a minute for any subsequent minute So, yes, a 2 minute phone call, within the same state, costs the family $14. These are real numbers, from one of the big vendors in the space...Global Tel Link. Source: Have relative that was in jail...this is what I had to pay. Here's an older article on the subject: http://www.prisonpolicy.org/phones/pleasedeposit.html Just to note that phones are the tip of the iceberg. The jails and prisons are taking huge fees from commissary accounts, charging fees to see a doctor (even if you were assaulted), etc. Also things like reducing to 2 meals a day to save money. Or worse. Search google for Sheriff Joe Arpaio's outdoor tents, in Phoenix, where the average high temp in July is 41C/106F. It's really shameful. Online spreadsheets. The end users are conditioned already on how to navigate with find, home, end, etc. Edit: Seems like it might break on-page find though, right? "IF you created the ability to store the same database across several files, I would be most grateful to you." http://www.sqlite.org/src/doc/trunk/src/test_multiplex.c Can also confirm, handover is smooth on republic. The 1GB plan is a little lower than Google Fi as well. 2GB is the same cost as Google, 3GB is slightly higher. "from a privacy perspective, I trust Google more than T-Mobile or Sprint" From a privacy perspective, I would not trust an advertising company (Google) more than a telecom. Google is perhaps better about disclosure to a Government entity, but they would be worse about exploiting your data for their own ends. Seems many here do trust Google with their personal data. So, I suppose that implies they are not only a marketing company, but a good one :) Mmm. Unix like OS with controversy newly swirling about init replacement. Déjà vu. Not sure what you're trying to say. Launchd may not be a 100% function for function equivalent for init(8), but it does replace it, along with the rc subsystem. "launchd(8) replaces: init, rc, the init.d and rc.d scripts" (source: https://wiki.freebsd.org/launchd ) Some background that's related. http://graphics.wsj.com/google-ftc-report/img/ftc-ocr-waterm... I'll suffer the downvotes, but going forward "Flash Ads" == non-Google provided ads. It doesn't hurt Google to hobble ads from competing networks. The forms part is a great start. There's a pretty ripe market to grab current customers of Intuit's Quickbase product if you add the other online/rad database app features. Quickbase's pricing model is terrible. DabbleDB, before they were bought out and shut down, was on their way to doing just that. The leader in this space at the moment is Intuit, with their Quickbase product. You can get a rough idea of the customer base here: http://quickbase.intuit.com/customers They claim 1/2 of the Fortune 100 are customers. https://ifttt.com/ I can almost feel the awkward vibe that went into not directly comparing search results over the years. It would have made the demise of real organic search too obvious. Oh paypal. https://www.paypal-community.com/t5/My-Feedback-for-PayPal-A... I suspect IT customers actually wanted something in between the two extremes. Your existing IT customers may feel okay about it now, but could change their minds if, for example, a fairly drastic UI change is pushed out. Interesting, but the title is misleading. They aren't operators, but rather mostly combinations of operators with potentially useful side effects. A description section doesn't change the fact that the title is misleading. Clickbait is clickbait. Reading the article they finally get down to what it is...98 lines of perl that serve as a url specific content cache. A somewhat odd solution for a php driven website. Since you're in php already, a more typical solution would be to use apcu to have the cache in shared memory. Or, if your needs are more complex, using an already established cache like the one in nginx or varnish, etc. Whatever they did served their needs, but I'm not clear on why "we made a one-off url+param keyed cache" rates an article. Right, the idea would be to put the logic at the top of the main php file for wordpress, something like: # oversimplified, but... $key=md5(http_build_query($_GET)); $content=apc_fetch($key,$success); if ($success === TRUE) { echo $content; return ;# never invoke wordpress } # wordpress here # some logic at the bottom to store what wordpress # just rendered into the cache >Ability to set rates does not define the employer-employee relationship. It could. In the US, there's no hard/fast definition that gets down to that level of detail. The IRS says: "In determining whether the person providing service is an employee or an independent contractor, all information that provides evidence of the degree of control and independence must be considered" Certainly "who sets the rates" would be a consideration. Interesting. Both the CEO and the President are former Travelocity execs. The total of all rounds of VC funding for Gilt was $280M. My wife created Facebook profiles for my dog and her fictional alter ego years ago. She logs in an posts things as them on a semi-regular basis. The profile pictures are a dog, and a comic book character. The profile info similarly is very up front about what the ids are. Not sure what the enforcement policy was or is, but I can say that it isn't real comprehensive. Maybe they only act when something is flagged by other users? Looks like the beginnings of a QuickBase competitor, which would be welcome...Intuit's pricing model is terrible. I had high hopes for DabbleDB before Twitter bought them and shut it all down. Good for them. There's no real competition between Fedex and UPS. Both raise their rates around 5% every year, even with fuel costs dropping dramatically. The claims process is specifically designed to be difficult. Might be more interesting if Amazon decides to open up to outside customers and re-instates real competition. Both UPS and Fedex had better rates and service when DHL was still competing with intra-US shipments. So, it's a major expense, but would require "years of low prices" to have an impact? Huh? Fuel and "Purchased Transportation" (also indexed to fuel costs) are their two largest cost categories. They pass hedging costs directly via fuel surcharges, which is unrelated to rate hikes. "Both FedEx and UPS reported that fuel costs were down about 35% from the year earlier in their most recent quarter" From the article: For 23 hours a day, 4,000 inmates are locked in concrete 6-by-10-foot cells, sometimes for years, with little if any human contact, no access to rehabilitative programs and a diet that can be restricted to a foul-tasting brick of bread and potatoes known at the prisons as “the loaf.” Apple doesn't ever seem interested in providing something that's a commodity. If they did get into it, I assume it would only be for some premium, same-day type service. Yes. Especially when it's manually reported. https://forms.icann.org/en/resources/compliance/complaints/w... I believe that "root is root" is just shorthand for... If you aren't using unprivileged containers, then the only approach you have for making the container more secure than chroot is a whack-a-mole style approach. By whack-a-mole, I mean trying to map out the attack surface, and using a hodge podge of tools to try and close them (kernel cap-drops, apparmor, se-linux, firewall rules, overlay mounts for /proc, /sys, etc). I think it's reasonable to say that the whack-a-mole approach isn't truly more secure. In the same way that having a vault door on the front of your house, next to an open window isn't any more secure than having the door wide open. I agree with the premise, but I'm not aware of an open source firewall that can provide the same functionality and scale as Juniper's product line. You can certainly provide, for example, open source designs for a specialized ASIC, but it doesn't mean anyone could afford to actually make it. Mmm. For those downvoting, it's fairly easy to compare features and throughput. The pfSense team is making great strides, and has a roadmap that starts to close the gap. But, there is a notable gap. Compare throughput for a 3DES vpn for example. Or total throughput with filtering on. FWIW, it's not just three strikes. In Texas, for example, charges can be enhanced, up one level (Class A/B/C misdemeanors and felonies) for a single prior conviction. The enhanced charge then later, becomes leverage to further enhance future charges. It has resulted in some odd sentences, including 16 years for shoplifting a candy bar. This was someone with lots of prior charges, but all of them for relatively minor shoplifting offenses. The felonies mentioned in his history were "enhanced" charges. http://lubbockonline.com/stories/070100/sta_0701000106.shtml... A potential workaround...quote the local part: "chad"@example.com It seems to be supported by Exchange, gmail, and a few other MTA's I tested, and gets routed to the right place. The tools he mentions support "resume ability". https://www.gnu.org/software/wget/manual/wget.html#Time_002d... Not sure I understand your point. Wget does recursive crawling, and supports timestamp comparison. Perhaps you are noting that it wouldn't prioritize new pages over changed pages? Or that it doesn't support something like "don't check for changes at all unless the download is more than X days old?". Generally, yes, there is some point at which wget would fall short of a purpose built tool. I think that point, though, is farther out than you're suggesting. >>It doesn't keep the crawler state It does though. Just not in the way you're expecting. The timestamp support would keep it from re-downloading anything already downloaded (though it would do an HTTP head for the comparison). Or, it also has a "no-clobber" feature that would keep it from even trying to download. Yes, both approaches are more limited than a specific state datastore, but there is state. Cutting to the chase, they seem to depend heavily on a month long trial period, where the work is performed as a contract resource versus an employee, at a $25/hour rate. $25/hour as a straight invoice (subject to self-employment tax), is roughly equivalent to a $40k/year salary at a company that gives -0- benefits, at all. I have no idea if this has any correlation to the salary they ultimately offer. You're right though...it would seem to narrow the field down to those willing to severely undervalue their work for at least 30 days. $25 an hour is paltry for this type of work, no matter the duration. The duration of one month is from the article. It appears to load all of it's large animated gifs all at once...18MB total page weight. There's a bit of code to try and stop path traversal, but it doesn't account for passing d=.. as a url param. A shortened test case using the same code as the app to try and thwart traversal: That would allow you to upload a file one directory above the intended $photo_dir. Interesting to see the anecdotal evidence in the comments that the ACA has been very good to some, and very bad to others. It's been particularly bad for us. The covered employees are largely older (40+), with families, and it's a fairly high-end policy with a low deductible and a high percentage of covered inpatient costs. We pay 100% of the premiums for employees. The cost, for one employee with a family, is now over $1800/month. It is a high end policy, but...WOW. I found a few bits and pieces searching around. The most specific thing was a few bullet points from the resume of a person that did an internship at Bebop: • Implemented modular front-end components & architecture to enable rapid app development on the bebop platform • Designed an intelligent peoples directory by surfacing relationships within an enterprise by analyzing the bebop entity dataset So, some sort of cloud RAD tool. The more interesting conflict (since she donated her windfall to charity) to me is that she's on the Board of Directors for Intuit, makers of Quickbase. From what little information I can glean, Bebop would be a direct competitor to that product. The typical approach is to use realpath(). That would expand out any relative portions of the path, which you could then compare directly with the expected path and know for sure it's in a subdirectory of your intended photo directory. If you go that way, though, you'll also want to stop using the literal '/' and use the DIRECTORY_SEPARATOR constant so that your script runs on windows. realpath(), aside from expanding relative paths, would convert / to \ on a windows platform. What is "an ATS"? Applicant tracking system? Above top secret? Can you share roughly how many employees would have come in the aquihire? $380M is a big number. For those not keeping track, that's the third major breach I've heard of where user data was exposed. Previous Incidents: April, 2013: https://blog.linode.com/2013/04/16/security-incident-update/ January 2014: https://blog.linode.com/2014/01/19/an-old-system-and-a-swat-... (they mention the breach almost in passing...the swatting is unrelated) I really want Linode to do well, but this may be it for me. VPS providers that are typically pitched as Linode Alternatives. Not 1:1 equivalents, but may work depending on your needs. Vultr, Ramnode, Wable, iWStack Or, depending on the number of VPS's you have, you might like: - Aliyun, the cloud service from Alibaba - A dedicated server from OVH, or their mid-tier brand, SoYouStart. This is my personal favorite. They have real DDOS protection, Data centers in North America and Europe, reasonable web interfaces, lots of available IPV4 space, and DIRT CHEAP prices. Run proxmox as the distro, and you get a decent interface to create and manage VPS instances. The most important piece would be to try and split instances across at least two of these providers so that you have some fast recourse if something goes wrong. For the things I'm running, doing a nightly rsync of the data from one provider to another suffices as reasonable insurance. Totally agree with the premise of being diplomatic and calm, even when a customer is wrong. However, it almost reads like he's saying he should have just issued the (undeserved) credit the customer asked for. Personally, I think that could be just as costly over the long term...it sets a precedent that the customer will likely leverage over and over again. There's an "undo send" feature in gmail (settings->general) that has saved me a few times. I wish it would allow for a send delay higher than 30 seconds though. Sounds exactly like a protection racket to me. Artificially create an urgent need for a service, then sell the service. "z" is the marketing term for all of IBM's mainframe products. There are several different operating systems that can run on the mainframes. This port only applies to those running Linux on their mainframe, which isn't terribly common. Most would be running zOS ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Z/OS ) or TPF. Their VM hypervisor is also commonly used. IBM's official product to run z/OS on an intel box is here: http://www-03.ibm.com/software/products/en/ratideveandtesten... It's just under $5k USD for a 12 month single user license: https://www-112.ibm.com/software/howtobuy/buyingtools/paexpr... The AS/400 isn't a mainframe. It sits in the same space as VAX/VMS and the HP3000 line. Edit: The common term for these, during their heyday, was "minicomputer" or "midrange". I suspect it's the wide range of special operators, variables and default arguments. Knowing, for example, that shift() shifts @_ by default. That <> iterates over @ARGV. That chomp chomps $_. Messing with @INC changes library search paths, etc. Or, perhaps the syntax for dealing with elements in a somewhat deep data structure, like: push(@{$TV{$family}{kids}},"anotherkid"); Sometimes, people are just griping about regex syntax though, which seems disingenuous, since many languages use the exact same pcre expressions. I like perl, but if it's been a while, there's definitely some back and forth with books to decipher something I wrote some time ago. >>It largely depends from whom you learn. In my case, when you learn :) Ibogaine, and it's effect on GDNF (a brain protein), is reported to have a similar effect[1] on both alcohol and heroin addictions. [1] at least to a layperson like me. >>Your comment actually made me scroll back to >>...check this thread was.. about Perl 6, not Perl 5! Well, the context of the parent, and it's parent, was not Perl 6. I would say both yes, and no. My experience in B2B is that medium to large companies will want to pay you via ACH. However they have little to no interest in entering their online banking ID and password into something like what Stripe is providing. They already make ACH payments, using their own tools, and all they want from you is your routing and account number so they can do so. Assuming you are a US company, with a US bank account, you've already been able to accept ACH payments in this way for some time. This setup from Stripe seems to be targeted at consumers, or maybe small business owners, as the purchaser. I'm sure that's a need, but probably not a huge one. Many of my customers that are medium/large businesses want to make ACH payments, almost none of the small businesses have an interest in that. And where the purchase price is large, those customers don't want some 3rd party interface to send the ACH...they typically already know how to send an ACH. They just want your account+routing so they can do it. In short, this solution from Stripe fills a niche, but it's a very narrow one. Your description does not match Stripe's documentation. Specifically, there's no mention of matching geo-IP to billing address. The problem I see with Stripe's fraud prevention is that it appears to be "all or none", with no visibility or control on our end. The only control knob appears to be whether to allow Stripe to automatically decline things it thinks are fraud. It doesn't appear to provide any detail on why it thought something was fraud. So it seems to leave two choices: - Allow stripe to decline things, and try to address false positives manually. There is no "go ahead and charge this button", by the way...you would have to contact the customer. - Set stripe not to decline things, but lose even the limited visibility to "stripe would have declined this". The real problem, in my mind, is that fraud risk for both the banks and providers like Stripe is really small. You risk very little. The vast majority of the cost goes back the individual merchants/sellers, who have the least visibility into what the risk of an individual transaction is. Thus, there's very little incentive for the banks, or stripe, to provide decent tools. A shame, because your ability to see the bigger pictures means your tools would always be better than anything we can use. Banks DO NOT pick up the bill for fraud in the US. The end merchant/seller does. Edit: Downvote all you like. It's the truth. When the chargeback comes, you pay Stripe/Paypal/Etc a fee, and they yank the funds out of your account. Whatever item you shipped is gone. Edit 2: The liability shift referred to below doesn't apply to online transactions. Card not present fraud is almost 100% on the seller/merchant. And given that the context is Stripe, well.. What portion of the $40T do you suppose, though, is the type of transaction that would move to something like Stripe? At least in the U.S, Stripe's opportunity is moving more of that $7T to ACH, not moving existing ACH to their platform. Appreciate the response. I suppose the most simple change would be visibility to "would have declined" if the "automatically decline detected fraud" buttons are set to off. That would allow the flexibility for merchants to make their own decisions without the hassle of manually dealing with false positives. The trouble with the false positives is that you have to talk the customer into entering all their data again, without having anything specific to tell them, like "Er, you were declined, but I have no idea why...can you try again?". I think 3DS may work better in Europe, but here in the U.S., it just doesn't. It requires the use of a password, and adds additional steps to the checkout process. You can't really make it mandatory on your store, as conversions/sales would crumble. So, you make it optional. If it's optional, only the most security conscious customers end up using it. Those are the customers with the lowest risk of having their card info stolen, and the most likely to report it quickly if the info is stolen. So it adds more protection around a tiny fraction of your sales...the sales that were already very unlikely to be fraudulent. It doesn't make any notable change to "the cost of online fraud in the US is 100% on the merchant/seller". For me, subscriptions wouldn't be great. There aren't many sources where I appreciate a wide enough range of their stuff that I would want the "buffet" model of paying for access to everything they have. As an example, I really like vice.com's reporting and perspectives on Syria, ISIS, etc. However, I'm not a fan of their reporting on other topics, like gun violence, environmental issues, etc. I would be much more excited about micropayments where I pay only for what I care about. In the same way that I like "on demand movies" over say, a subscription to HBO. I do see what you mean, but it works for me today for things like movies. I assume, if this kind of content got to the point that most of the good stuff was behind a paywall that some sort of review system would spring up. Hopefully it would be more granular than just at the website level, perhaps being able to drill down to a specific journalist / category / article / whatever. Maybe that feedback loop would shape things in a way that I would be more willing to subscribe to a entire publication vs cherry picking individual authors or content. Their investor faq page ( http://investor.gopro.com/faq.cfm ) says 1460 employees total. That would make about 100 employees being cut. There's also about 80 open positions there now (I didn't count internships). https://gopro.com/careers/jobs Buy low, right? Well, nobody can guess the exact bottom. Buying, even yesterday, may not look so bad if you look at the 1+ year chart. Unless you're into day trading. "Fucked Company specialized in covering the rapid collapse of dotcoms with no business model" That may have been the intended purpose, but some of their most widely covered stuff was closer to this. Like the ruckus with Ford Motor Company. More funny with the context that EMACS was known as "Eight Megs And Constantly Swapping". >>Also, drivers have the option to work at other networks. >For now. I suspect that won't last long. That would almost certainly change the driver from an independent contractor to an employee. I don't know if the Uber business model would survive that. At the moment, network switching and routing with open source products + commodity servers can't scale like Cisco and Juniper...if you want to have a fairly standard network (OSPF, BGP, etc). Google, for example, is able to use commodity hardware because what they are routing works with a non-traditional setup...specifically a Clos network. That works for them only because their app is designed in a way that it can served up like that. It would not work for the typical kinds of traffic that you see at a normal company. At a certain scale, barring unusual exceptions, you really do have to go with someone like Juniper/Cisco, as the ASIC based acceleration and other features aren't there in the commodity world. There's certainly some things in progress that may change all of that, like Intel's DPDK, QuickAssist, etc. Interesting. The specific IRS guidance that seems to be in conflict: "We also want to consider the availability of services. Are the worker’s services available to the market? ...Also, an independent contractor is generally free to seek out business opportunities."