> There is, it's called "Chinese OEM manufacturers". > (Yes, I know that an 'OEM manufacturer' is like an 'ATM machine'.) OEM means "Original Equipment Manufacturer". > When things like this happen, I always hope that consumers that got screwed over by the deal (and people that hear about it) avoid the acquiring company after the fact. If they treat pebble customers like this, how will they treat their own customers later? Well, the CEO of Pebble Technology, Corp is joining YC. Also, the services aren't shutting down right away. If everyone gets their money back, the major downside is the lack of warranty and the lack of fixes to the product. Especially any security & reliability fixes. As a Pebble 2 owner who is happy with the product as-is I am not sure if I should be happy I did receive my Pebble 2. You're missing my point. "OEM manufacturer" would mean "original equipment manufacturer manufacturer". > My only complaint is they try and be clever and detect when you move your wrist up to look at it, so it auto-shows you notifications. This sucks because it's not totally reliable (so half the time I press the button to bring up notifications and it ends up dismissing them because they are already in view, and other times it triggers due to an incorrect motion). I wish you could turn that off but I haven't found a way yet. The Pebble watchface Time Orbit by Spectre Collie has the very same problem. I love the watchface looks, but if you tilt it, it decides to show other info such as date. It is a usability problem. There's a rather large difference between the Vector and Pebble though. I checked various Vector watches and saw most at 500 USD, with one at 400 USD. So the cheapest Vector appears to be about 4 times more expensive than a Pebble 2 Classic. I don't know, that just doesn't seem like a fair comparison. > but a lot of other Pebble users are pointing to this one as an alternative. Yeah, that's all nice, but what about the price comparison? I had a look and the cheapest Vector I found was 400 USD. In contrast, the Pebble 2 via Kickstarter cost 100 USD (OK, with VAT and S&H it was 115 USD for me). > I couldn't find anything about that, so it doesn't look like it supports that yet. But I assume that it is being developed. You see, that's the problem. Pebble has been around for multiple years and had an ecosystem going. A lot of applications and watchfaces with functionality. Pebble 2 versions also have a HRM. A Core would have a GPS. You wouldn't even need a phone w/that. My Pebble 2 sync with Google Fit as well. That's a big plus for sports like running and hiking (running with a phone sucks, esp as phones become larger and larger). Vector looks classy, like a Pebble Round I guess, and it has a huge benefit in 30 days battery. Even if your battery is starting to wear out you'll still be able to use it for a long time, unlike the one day flies like Samsung and Apple. What Samsung and Apple have going for it, is research into usability. I'm not saying they're there yet but their products are iterations on usability R&D. The usability isn't quite there yet. That's why smartwatches aren't there yet. People know this. They read reviews. They speak to people who got the watch. I saw someone with a Vector saying they had a scratch on their screen. I'm worried about the same on my Pebble 2. Previously, I'd just buy a new one (a new official screen for my phone would cost 85 EUR; which is a lot less than the average SGS or iPhone). I really wouldn't want that on a 400 USD product without knowing beforehand how much a fix would be. One thing I still miss with my Pebble is a simple shop list on my watch. I end up grabbing my phone while in the grocery store for Google Keep just waiting for that day a kid runs into me and oops, it falls, ca-ching 85 EUR new screen. Agreed. TANSTAAFL, and I guess it is the old left (as in everyone equal) vs right (free choice) debate. We get free bread for lunch. Cool, but I don't wanna eat bread. Coffee is free. Cool, but it is bad quality, my el cheapo espresso machine at home is even better. Plus I'll experience a massive down in the evening. Oh hey, not the employer's problem. I've never seen free soda anywhere, but the thing is: it is just a lot of sugar, with too little water. I won't drink that if I get paid for it. At least water is free, and that's important in the summer. I'm free to go grab a cup, and the walk is healthy, too. Then there's these parties 'for team spirit', with all kind of fried food. Cool. Guess who pays for that? Screw all this. Like you said; "I'd rather get paid a little bit more." Gee, I really screwed up there with reading and comprehending. I don't know what I was thinking. You're right, of course. I find it plausible that self driving cars with the same software can perfectly understand each other via predefined behaviour patterns. If you follow that premise, it becomes less safe to drive manually. So, under this premise, the modus operandi is to be automatic pilot instead of manual where perhaps manual driving is even illegal because it is less predictable. The question wouldn't be, if this change happens; its when . Where's the turning point? One could argue its up to our politicians to decide. I'd be interested in data from other trends such as smoking. When was the turning point there, and what was the "market penetration" of smokers vs non-smokers or proponents and opposers? > very specific and nonintuitive usage of "free" Supposedly it is because the word libre isn't recognized well enough in English. Quoting: "To emphasize that “free software” refers to freedom and not to price, we sometimes write or say “free (libre) software,” adding the French or Spanish word that means free in the sense of freedom. In some contexts, it works to use just “libre software.”" And: "We stand for freedom, and we show it every time—by saying “free” and “libre”— or “free (libre)”." https://www.gnu.org/philosophy/floss-and-foss.en.html Perhaps liberty software or liberal software would work... > If Google wants to charge Apple iPhone prices, they can't continue with Google level service. This differs per jurisdiction, but in general you are entitled by law to receive a working device without flaws. In my jurisdiction this even extends beyond warranty. For example, you can expect a car, a door, or a guitar to work beyond 2 years. This law is irregardless of what you paid for the product or what the perceived quality is. The law even extends to software updates (security & reliability fixes). As for Apple, they managed to ship my MBP 2010 with a broken discrete GPU yet fail to replace it. They also try to scam customers into buying extended warranty which basically is an anti harassment tax. Why don't they have some kind of postal address where the phone can be send to? The phone was send from one, why don't they have a return address for RMA? And, (FWIW, in NL) if it does fall under warranty, the additional S&H costs would be on the seller; not the buyer. > I would say that in a society like that, there is more amiss than simply a lack of free speech. Every society (and community) has norms which are acceptable, and those which are not. If a person decides to not live according to those norms they're an outcast and will be dealt with as such. The society is like a living organism which will protect its norms in order to survive akin to an auto immune system. Because of these principles every society lives within its own bubble, too. I suppose Von Trier's Dogville touches upon the subject, but there's countless examples available from Swartz to Snowden. If someone has another (or better, more accurate) example I'm interested hearing yours. > but last time I was there, electronics were generally much more expensive than in the US. There are various factors: * VAT is always included unless (if its aimed at business solely, like IBM, then this doesn't seem to be the case, but then that is being mentioned) * Relatively low EUR. The EUR also isn't doing so well compared to the USD. * Storage tax. This to compensate the entertainment industry. * Environmental taxes. The price you see in store is the price you're gonna pay (excluding S&H but the seller has to inform you on that before the sale is finalized). I find that practical. > since they preclude inexpensive short-term-use or disposable electronics. Which I consider a great thing because its better for the environment (although not good enough). I'm not interested in buying a new phone every year because the software isn't updated anymore, or because the battery isn't allowing me to use the phone for a whole day anymore. That's why -after burning myself with various cheap and expensive brands- I got myself a Fairphone. No, it isn't perfect and it won't run the latest version of Android, but at least it will have all security & reliability fixes backported. Monthly . At the very least its a step in the right direction, and the Fairphone is leading by example. Do you have credible sources to prove the significant factor is race? You see, I believe your point, but that won't convince those who believe it wasn't influenced by racism. They'll say "conspiracy theory" and move on. Disregarding cannabis, it also seemed to me that LSD was to become illegal to harass the hippie community. But how to prove this? The way this works appears to be rather easy; you look at the characteristics of your political opponents, and then decide what they have in common which your status quo group doesn't. Then a process is begun to incite FUD. Once that campaign in successful you got momentum in your group and you make a law which makes that thing illegal. > Meanwhile I often joke that the highly permissive BSD/MIT/etc. licenses are for commies. On the contrary. Let us use Politicalcompass [1] as spectrum. Gist of it: x = left v. right economics, y = libertarian vs authoritarian. Now, communism (not Trotsky; the communism as we have seen in countries in the 20th century) is left on x, but high on y because its highly authoritarian. BSD/MIT/etc. licenses are more permissive than GPL, and its obvious GPL is more authoritarian in this way. But because the GPL enforces the code to (mostly) stay the way it is, it is more left-wing than BSD/MIT/etc. [1] https://politicalcompass.org > What new coding projects were they involved in since HURD started (OK. Replicant.)? "New" is difficult to assess. I'd say: GPLv3, Libreboot (fork of Coreboot). But it depends on what you find important. A starting point is here: https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Free_Software_Foundation#High_... > 2. He doesn't let the FSF be larger than him. > Who's their 2nd in command? Fallacy, easily disproven at https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Free_Software_Foundation#Struc... I guess you never heard of Eben Moglen (who's a lawyer and does great work with advocacy and public speeches), or Bradley Kuhn from FSF Europe. > Who'll take over after he passes on? Did you know who'd gonna take over Microsoft or Apple beforehand? No. > What will the FSF look like in 30 years? What will USA, Microsoft, Google, or Apple look like in 30 years? shrug > The last few years, everything he's written seems goofy and childish This is you growing older and wiser, and his old rhetoric being outdated (someone like Eben Moglen, or even Edward Snowden is more up2date). You'll find the same to be true in other idealistic writings or speeches. > Didn't libreboot start outside the FSF, then come inside, and is now trying to get out? Yup, drama, long story. The question was though: > What new coding projects were they involved in since HURD started (OK. Replicant.)? Looking at the original question: former packages qualify, as long as they're new . When does this 'new' qualify though? Perhaps not here because of Libreboot being based on Coreboot. As soon as a project joins GNU though, it becomes "GNU Name" and it is officially a new project. Development of Hurd was started in 1990. So we're looking at least from 1991. A list of current GNU packages is available at [1] and [2]. Of note, I suppose GNOME qualifies. [1] https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/List_of_GNU_packages [2] https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/GNU#Components Not a new concept. I guess its akin to "eat your own dogfood". I'd also compare it to how everyone at McDs starts from bottom up. In your example though what if an employee is so plain awkward on the phone that they're performing badly. Still on Holiday Help duty? > Rosa Parks (and the less famous women who did the same thing and preceded her), for example, are certainly heroes. Not every activist or revolutionist is violent. Sticking to known examples: Gandhi is another excellent non violent example. Sticking to politics, Nelson Mandela. Mark Felt, also a whistleblower. More recent examples are William Binney, Edward Snowden, Julian Assange. These are my examples, of people I consider heroes. History will decide who the public's heroes were. These people go against authority, often get ignored or bullied in return, including loved ones and relatives. Like the poster from Fargo, "What If You're Right And They're Wrong". It indeed takes great courage and often sacrifice to go against the tide. That support employee who's ignoring his protocol and is risking a sneer (or worse) from his boss, the one telling you truth while he's now allowed? He's performing one heroic deed . If its a pattern, we can speak of a hero. > Show me a better world that actually works. Try teleporting back to the 20th century and experience the internet in its full glory. Without advertising. > What happened with the idea that ads were a means you had to get to know useful products? It died a long, long time ago. This guy, Freud's nephew, is what happened: Edward Bernays [1]. As covered in Adam Curtis excellent documentary on the subject of the history of propaganda and advertising "The Century Of The Self" [2]. [1] https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Edward_Bernays [2] https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/The_Century_of_the_Self > If all ads were banned forever from existence, how would anyone discover anything new? By word of mouth. I know, not a novel idea, but it seems to work quite well on this very website! The fallacy is that ads were never informative anyway. Its not obnoxious now because uBlock and spam filters works so well, and HTML5 killed Flash. If you don't take such quality filters into account, advertising is far, far worse nowadays. We're talking about everything before the dotcom boom here. The internet was a lot bigger than WWW, and Macromedia Flash (and Doubleclick) were initiated in 1996. That covers less than 5% of the 20th century. Also, Flash wasn't (ab)used right away for advertising, and if one didn't have it installed not much was missed. Perhaps an online Flash game or two didn't work. No big deal. There was spam on Usenet (the first spam coming from Digital Equipment Corp or was it SUN in the early 80s) and IRC, but it wasn't acceptable . > I hate this shit. Between adblocking and piracy, people are just going to push publishers into a new form of advertising where they don't even know they are being advertised to. This is going to mean more "sponsored posts" on sites you love and less authentic content. Its going to mean your favorite movies crammed with product placement ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=nfHuZ5qrYX4 ). Its going to mean a distrust of anything you see on the web much greater than exists today. Its going to mean every product review you read about will be 90% about the affiliate payment they get and 10% because of the product itself. If this'd happen en masse this allows competition in the market of reviewers, news sites, and social network sites. It also allows for fact checking (which perhaps even gets automated). The model which works is akin to seed fund, or open source development by contract. There'd be say a review in the make of a product X. In order for it to be made, Y USD is required. This is then gathered via crowd funding. Then those who paid get early access, week later its in the public domain. The model isn't even new. LWN uses it, to name an example. > Entire neighborhoods are no-go zones. There are "demonstrations" on a monthly basis in pretty much every large city in Holland [...] The amount of looting during those demonstrations is absurd (ie. walking through the shopping street on the day after has them looking like a warzone). Really? In Holland? I'm from Holland, and I live near Amsterdam which I think qualifies for "pretty much every large city". Where exactly in Amsterdam are these demonstrations with looting you're talking about? How do you even define "demonstration"? Also, have you considered the news isn't newsworthy on a national or international level, but is on a local level? News from Amsterdam can be found on at5.nl, tho personally I hardly ever read that. Rotterdam has their own local newspapers and news website as well. Etc. > There is a Middle African refugee problem, but "somehow" this has escaped the attention of newspapers). This is plain bullshit. The African refugee problem (whom were mainly arriving in Italy) was well documented in Dutch media. It is just that such is not being reported much anymore because the other refugee problem is newer and supposedly much larger. > Julien Assange Julian Assange I was quite emotional the day I learned Pebble was RIP while from this article it seems the CEO gave a good shot to do the best for his customers and employees. Alas, nothing can replace it (yet) My Pebble Classic (!) can do: * Time/Date (with many watchfaces) * Calendar * Weather * Stepcounter * Sleep tracker * Alarms, Timers, and Stopwatch (smart alarm for sleep, other ones useful in the kitchen) * HRM (via SimplyHRM or Strava) * Running/bike tracking (native or e.g. w/Strava) * Music control (Spotify, awesome during sports) * Google Maps support (also with navigation) * 2FA HOTP * Oh, and notifications (w/filters) * With recharging once a week. Which also means the battery is gonna last, unlike those watches who recharge daily. * Works under shower, too. * And all this, for the price of ~100 EUR (a few EUR for some of the above apps). My Pebble had the dreaded graphics issue. Pebble 2 has build-in HRM, but it isn't as accurate as my Polar H7. Pebble 2 has a crystal clear screen, the design looks more professional, and the wristband is better than the previous iteration. The only thing I've never quite been able to set up, is managing a shopping list for in the grocery store (just with the ability to flag what is done). I miss such a feature so much! Using my smartphone for this is a ticking timebomb. One day, a kid is just gonna bump into me and poof its gonna drop on the floor. Won't happen with a smartwatch. And that is a use case right there, one no other device than a smartwatch can fulfill. I admit, smartwatch use cases right now are niches, but that doesn't mean they're irrelevant. Plus, in The Netherlands it is going to be illegal to use a smartphone on the bike. A smartphone is far more safe, and it won't drop. Being attached on the wrist has a clear advantage for use cases like these. One disadvantage is information leaking. Although smartphones are also vulnerable to that. Ventrilo is laggy compared to TS and Mumble. It won't show the lag as ms, but it is there, and it is real. Its due to the way the protocol works, or it is the server. It is no longer in development, and you can't even run your own server on your own hardware. The interface is from the 90s. You don't want to use Ventrilo for gaming in 2016. TS supports plugins. No lag issues, can run on your own server. Closed source. Mumble is open source, no lag issues. Interface is slightly less good than TS. Supports SSL. Discord, like you say, Just Works (tm). It is very easy to use, the interface is amazing, its in active development, and setting up a server is free. It also works in the web browser. If you're into Blizzard games, Battle.net recently added native VoIP in their client. The advantage that has as Blizzard gamer is you don't have to install any 3rd party software. You are right. Source: https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Carmen_Ortiz > With an armband you lose a hand for interaction. Absolutely true. What you gain is (some are more or less debatable and/or situational): 1) Stability. The device cannot be knocked out of your hands or dropped, unlike 5" phone. I can give you two situations where this is very safe where a phone isn't: in a store, and on a bike. 2) 24/7 on you, with the advantages you mentioned. 3) Less chance of the device getting grabbed out of your hands. If the device looks like a normal watch (and not like an Apple Watch) the chance of getting robbed for your watch stays approx the same. 4) Information leaking. Phone has this too. Phone has larger screen, watch with t-shirt is 24/7 seen. > With that out of the way - you know your cell phone carrier already has this data right? Its close to fascism when the argument becomes that the government (ie. NSA) already has this data. > including establishing relationships based on who you call, which sites you visit, who you are signed up on a plan with, etc etc. Not if you use Signal and Tor. Also, the phone company supposedly doesn't abuse that data (they certainly don't have my permission for that); Uber supposedly doesn't either, but it is proven time and time again that it is being abused. Just like the NSA watched people on watchlists watching porn. For evil software practices like the ones from your employer we need two things: 1) FLOSS applications, and legislation against these practices. (Ironically, your employer is already breaking the law in many jurisdictions as we speak.) 2) If that fails, and for the time being we can still work around it by uninstalling your application. We can also still work around it using magic like LD_PRELOAD faking the geolocation. There already exists libfaketime, not sure about geolocation. Its also already possible to fake this in the browser: http://www.makeuseof.com/tag/disable-fake-location-firefox-i... > Did something happen in the last year that made everyone demand 32GB? Yes, RAM-wise applications become more bloated due to containers, VMs, and the (ab)use of JS-based applications or 'apps'. Take into account I am typing this on a MBP from 2010, 6 years old, which shipped with 4 GB RAM which I was able to upgrade easily to 8 GB RAM, with a 256 GB SSD which I put in myself after updating from a 512 GB 5400 RPM HDD. By some (certainly not everyone) MBPs are bought to be an investment of several years, yet MBPs are no longer 'pimpable'. You can't upgrade their internals anymore. So what happens? People buy them with higher specs than they need. Which means a bigger or quicker SSD, and bigger or quicker RAM. Which brings me to the following point: the MBP used to be a relatively bulky laptop/notebook, but a beast. A compact, less powerful version was the Macbook Air which as the name suggests was also lighter. At best, it has shifted. At worst, this is no longer the case. Because the MBP is designed to be light itself . Finally, the battery. If it is already bad with 5 hours out of the box, this can be improved perhaps via software. Who knows? That is the risk of buying. You don't wanna take that risk. A product as expensive as this one needs to have high uptime out of the box. Plus, the battery will degrade over time as well, and Apple products haven't been known to have easily replaceable battery (compare to Dell XPS). Now, the problem with all of the above points is that they're all made so that the MBP -supposedly the powerhorse of notebooks/laptops of Apple- is smaller and weights less . Whereas they had the Macbook Air line for that purpose before. It just doesn't make sense from a customer PoV to pay more for less! You see, those who'd like to buy a device for years to come don't mind the USB-C debacle that much. Because in x years, it'll be everywhere (lets assume x=2 for the sake of argument, while the device is being used for 5 years and even if the device isn't used for 5 years it has resale value!). Would be interesting to see some kind of statistical analysis on this one. There's also the conundrum of writers using amphetamine, like Hunter S. Thompson did. Tho he (ab)used more than just that. I don't really see what these offer over say my Plantronics BackBeat Go 2 which lasts 4 hours. They're also connected to each other, going behind my neck. You may think that is a disadvantage, but I can easily have one in and one out if required. Besides, these Airpods don't solve the quality Bluetooth lacks. A disadvantage is you can already lose these easily (if disconnect both and keep hanging around). I don't even wanna think about Airpods and how easy they will be to lose. Try putting your smartphone in a safe place, and have wired or wireless headset, and use some kind of smartwatch to control your phone and receive feedback on your performance. I use a Pebble 2 for that, but there's other alternatives available. Bonus points is my phone is stored safely without saying to random strangers "rob me" . Because for the less informed customer that is descriptive, and allows those customers to enter the reality distortion field. It is the same with "Air", "Pod", iSomething", and "Pro". Meaningless buzzwords. Then again, every company has their set ("Surface", "ThinkPad", "Yoga", "Zen"). Trust me, it has nothing to do with real yoga or zen. I'll refrain to make a comment on "Pro". Just ignore the buzzwords, insofar that they don't tell you anything about the quality of the product and instead look at price/feature/quality comparisons and make up your own mind. > You talk to your boss. Your boss talks to the NSA. The NSA will find a way to silence the white-hat. Problem solved. Seems you're assuming the white hat hacker is from USA. I'm not so sure the NSA is going to be able to silence a white hat hacker from say Russia, or anywhere out of USA for that matter. > It's not OK. You want to fight the freedom fight? Go work in politics. Don't screw your own country. Except, whistleblowing generally doesn't work like that. It is not as if someone joins an organisation with the intention of blowing the whistle. If you look into the story of a whistleblower (countless of examples available), you'll see they're just hard working employees who work for their employee, and who stand behind their employee (regardless of if the employee is a government or a company or an NGO). What happens then, is the person decides to become a whistleblower because if this is being cover-up or silenced, it is wrong . IOW, they notice wrong doings the general public ought to know. Lets forget all the obvious examples of Binney, Snowden, Manning, and the like. Take for example the whistleblowing on Jacob Appelbaum alleged sexual harassment. Those people who blowed the whistle weren't "out to get him". As far as they were concerned they never wanted to blow a whistle, and just lead a happy (employed/ ) life and their current employer. Even someone like Assange 'grew into it' somehow, and he's both an outlier and an agent _for_ whistleblowers. [ ] Or, if not being paid, volunteer. 10 USD for 1 hour of play is a lot of money in general. That's not akin to: > "it always saddens me too see the rejection of people to basically pay for anything on the AppStore." Because the point is that the value one gets out of it, is too little for the amount of time it is fun. That is, of course, assuming there's no replay value. There is replay value however I, for one, prefer a difficult game, and prefer one difficulty only. I know, game designers want to make everyone feel 'awesome' these days. All kind of ladders, including for single player! I don't like that. Give an immersive first time experience where the player has to overcome difficult hurdles. Getting stuck? Tough cookie, practice and get better, and you'll feel awesome once you progress further. Compare WoW TBC with how WoW has every difficulty for raiding these days. By the time you get to the highest difficulty it isn't epic anymore. On a different note, 10 USD is a lot of money for poor people. Then again, those people are unlikely to have an expensive iOS device. You despise Pay 2 Win (P2W) and prefer Buy 2 Play (B2P) > Imagine a simple app that plays the coin sound when you jump. Imagine calling it a magic leap. Oh, and nobody ever makes the first jump ;) I agree btw, I also initially thought this was a AR game. Perhaps Nintendo were making one, or its a hint for things to come? While I do think that'd be awesome, and also has potentially interesting health effects (not necessarily all positive!) I think it is also dangerous in crowded cities. It'd be unpredictable. Imagine someone suddenly jumping in the air while you picked up a cup of coffee on the go from Starbucks? Or while you got your smartphone in your hands? Except its almost never teasing, its bullying. I learned the difference between teasing someone and bullying in elementary school, directly via the education system (ie. the teacher). Repeated 'joke' on/about the same subject? Bullying. Is it mutual fun between/with different subjects, and can the subject themselves laugh about the joke? Teasing. Telling someone to 'shape up' after they heard a joke regarding their race, sex, or something else the umptieth time is nigh annoying, and they will explode internally if they're introvert. People do notice this, and it gives bullies (ie. narcissists) fuel. The extroverts will more clearly defend their boundaries, so bullies tend to stick away from those. I don't know if the subject in this story is introvert, but I do know -and this is a generalisation- Indian women are rather courteous. Agreed, and I often ponder on how much that counts for any NSA employee, and I find that a frightening thought. > but I don't see at all how it supports the "almost never teasing" lead-in Agreed! Not sure where the theory I use is from but allow me to explain: Ring 0: 0-5 people. Your best friends. Can be family members, too. Max 5 people, likely less. Ring 1: Your other family, and friends. (These are not your Facebook friends.) Ring 2: Everyone else you know, or think you know. Your co-workers are probably in ring 2. You barely know them, if at all, and you must stay courteous to them by default. Maybe you drink a cup of coffee with a few of them during a break, and eventually get close and get to ring 1 (or even 0, just don't dream about that). [Note I am not sure if there is also a ring 3 to distinct further. I don't use it.] So IOW I default co-workers in ring 2. Those people in ring 0, you can say pretty much anything you want to them. I can make a very, very bad joke about something to people in ring 0 and they'll know I am joking. They can take the offence, and I can take offence from them as well, besides I know when they're joking and when not. It is because I know these people very well, for a longer period of time, and I love them. You don't make friends, you become friends; ie. you can't really force people to get higher in the ring. It kinda goes natural, over time. The people in ring 2 require a professional attitude. Those are your co-workers. You don't insult them, you don't hurt them, you don't bully them, and... you don't tease them. Why not? Teasing belongs to those in ring 0, and perhaps in ring 1 provided you're careful. > Which is why your last line is jarring - it's almost exactly the sort of comment that you and the original post are objecting to! Oh, in such a situation I'd keep it before me, so that'd be some kind of thought crime. The reason why it matters in this context tho is because that detail makes it easy to envision how she became a victim of bullies. You see, bullies pick their victim like a leopard picks their pray. In this example they wouldn't pick a vocal woman who seems to stand up for themselves. > I would argue that if the repeated joke is agreed upon by all involved, it doesn't have to be bullying. True, and this can occur on work, but by default it does not. See my comment hereunder on the different social rings. There is also the argument that one needs to accept criticism, or "take some flak". People take much better criticism 1 on 1. So if your boss finds that you clothe yourself badly he could address that during a meeting. Another way is by addressing a whole group without mentioning individuals. I suppose at a small company the likelihood you're on close terms with your direct superior is higher, making a situation where a boss just casually mentions your clothing style more fitting. > If someone can't tell that the subject isn't involved, the problem isn't their bullying/teasing, it's the fact that the person is a jerk. I'd say a bully is a jerk (and very likely, worse, suffering from personality disorder(s)), but also there is the autism spectrum which meddles with the point you make. A normal person learns this in their childhood but there are people who simply lack the social skills to read their joke is inappropriate. Although even then, it is a spectrum, not a binary 0/1. Not only that, remember the Diebold debacle around GWB election? He was one of the people who hacked that machine, and researched other voting machines as well. He's running a course on Coursera called Securing Digital Democracy https://www.coursera.org/learn/digital-democracy I can highly recommend it. Shifting the blame between the various railway companies also happened in The Netherlands. On top of that, swapping train between different corporations doesn't work in a user friendly way (you need to log out and in, or be considered a free rider) because nobody in IT has figured out to fairly calculate and share the profit fairly. Since the government doesn't stimulate or punish this behaviour there's no incentive of corporations to fix this. They've been saying since forever that they'd fix it. > Walk around Berlin right now and count how many "screening" checkpoints their are in the train stations. Spoiler: there aren't even doors on all the entrances. Somehow, as if by magic, trains are clean and run on time. The strongest smell is from the food vendors in the attached mall. Times have changed! https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Berlin_Zoologischer_Garten_rai... https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Christiane_F._%E2%80%93_We_Chi... "Cinematography is bleak and dreary, depicting a dilapidated, working-class Berlin with rundown structures and dirty, blighted backdrops. Modern Berlin is very different and most of the landmarks from the movie (the station, the Bülow street stalls, the Sound discothèque) have either been demolished or completely remodeled." "Most of the extras at the railway station and at the Sound club were actual junkies, prostitutes and low-lifes rounded up by producers just for the crowd scenes. In the scene where Christiane runs through the alleys of the station to find Babsi, the camera lingers on several terminal junkies leaning against the walls of the underpass. In a 2011 interview, Thomas Haustein, who plays Detlev and was still in school at the time, recalls how terrified he felt being surrounded by all those real-life addicts, but that he was able to successfully copy their behaviour for his character." In EU, you have to pay to enter a public bathroom. But as return, the bathroom is kept clean (or at least that is the idea). I read a story the other day how restaurants allowed free bathroom usage to tourists in Germany. This was paid by city council, and allows for a more pleasant stay of tourists. So they like to come and/or return. Word of mouth works. > Yes, "social policies" like transit that's accessible to the disabled, elderly, and poor. Would you prefer planning that tells those people to stay at home where we can pretend they don't exist? This is one of the reasons why there's 1st and 2nd class train wagons. If you don't want to sit with "the plebs", get a more expensive ticket and go 1st class together with the other travellers in suit. This does not exist for busses AFAIK. Although one could walk, rent a bus, rent a car, carpool, or grab a taxi (renting a train(wagon) is actually also possible in some countries/regions). The Pebble Classic v1 did not ship with a lot of functionality for notifications, music and alarm (I remember needing Music Boss for a while), but later on I got all three working (it was permission related). The notifications can be customised. Firmware also did extend such features at the price of less uptime (mine went from 7 to about 3 days). The lack of a to-do app is a huge one for me. Why? Because the use case of using a smartwatch with a grocery store list is huge for me. I'd use it twice a week, at the very least. Replacing the screen on my phone sets me back 85 EUR. A Pebble cost me ~115 EUR (including duties & S&H). And with all the kids and perky people in the grocery store the question isn't if my phone is gonna drop, its when. It is just so unfortunate that Google Keep doesn't have a public API. There also isn't an abstraction layer for to-do lists (I, for one, am not going to pay for a subscription app like Evernote with a cloud based in US). Preferably I'd self host, and gladly pay a one time fee for such an app. > Everyone I know with Pebbles love them, but they tend to be more technical users who wouldn't get stressed over a few bugs. Yeah, that and lack of apps/features perhaps makes the device just not user friendly enough. You can't sell that if you focus on productivity, but you can mask it if you're going for fitness. > Is it just me that stopped looking into smartwatches because they became too fitness oriented? What would really matter is some kind of market research. Did Pebble do those? Or did they just follow Apple/Fitbit and bet on the wrong horse? Did they bet on the wrong horse? > I loved the focus on productivity and having a watch becoming slower because it had to track an increasing number of health metrics I couldn't care less of actually killed it for me. You appear to assume the two are mutually exclusive. You know you can put off the fit part of the Pebble? As for the article, the graph backs up what I concluded reading the previous threads: 1) The Pebbles were relatively cheap with low profit margin. (early Kickstarter adopters got the device a bit cheaper than the final price) 2) Pebble did not yield enough volume in sales. 3) People don't buy a new Pebble every year. 4) No resale value (like Apple devices do have). Add to that 5) Profit margins are much higher for expensive, luxury products. 6) Not deep enough pockets to sustain (other companies have their smartwatch dept on 'life support'). 7) Due to its immaturity the smartwatch cannot replace the smartphone as of yet, nor can any other portable device of similar size (ie. a "Google Glass"). 8) A perceived 'fitness' niche puts the smartwatch in the position of complimenting the smartphone instead of replacing it. This is only short term beneficial. 9) Is there even a market for a low power, high uptime (juice-wise) smartwatch? Do customers complain they need to refuel every day? How important is it? I'd like to compare this to the zealotry Apple put in size of the MBP, sacrificing horsepower (RAM, battery power, ability to replace hardware such as RAM/battery/SSD) and the quality of the keyboard. This while they already had a brand where size mattered over horsepower; the Air. The article is misleading the price of travel via DB, but OTOH price of DB is rather complex (its variable, and there are also options for discounts). It is important to note the price of travel by train in Germany varies a lot depending on variables. You can order your ticket months in advance and get a specific seat (in the ICE) at a specific fare (ie. a trainseat at a specific time & date). This allows for massive discounts. However you're inflexible in your schedule and spot. Consider the following hypothetical examples: 1) You order 3 months in advance and can get a discount of 75%. 2) You order 3 weeks in advance and can get a discount of only 25%-50%. 3) You want to order 2 days in advance and can't even get on the train anymore since its full (ICE). You think you can travel by ICE and buy your ticket on the spot and can't since its full. Grumbled you buy a ticket -at full price- for the RE/IC and have to swap trains all the time which also stop more often. Note that right now its mid december so it is going to be difficult to book cheap for end of december. Since Germany is a large country you'll practically end up travel by ICE if you travel through the country. For example, the full price of a one way ticket from Ruhr area to Berlin is ~115 EUR. So, it is interesting how much time in advance one has to order with Locomore. Apparently one can only order online and not via DB sale points. But how does the ticket work then? Does one have to print it out or can it be shown on a smartphone? I don't know how pricing works in other countries apart from The Netherlands. IC in The Netherlands have free WiFi, but it requires one to log in with a web browser. No cryptography is used in the connection either. The article mentions the following: > and a journey on a recycled (dare I say vintage) train that runs entirely on sustainably sourced green electricity. I'd like to know which sustainably sourced green electricity. Because nuclear energy is also considered 'green' these days. Not sure if that is true in Germany. > Europe’s railways have already seen substantial deregulation and privatization—often, as in Britain, with highly negative results. Yeah, there's a national system akin to Oyster card in The Netherlands. Easy to log in and out and once they swapped from Mifare, more secure. Yet if you swap train of a different company (and they're more rampant here than in Germany, apparently) you need to log out and in. If you don't, you are considered free riding and get a fine of 35 EUR plus the fare price. If this ever happens to you in The Netherlands know that you can appeal a fine once a year by phone or the website. So you can get your money back. > Fun fact, perhaps related, perhaps not, according to IP lawyer relatives cartographers had to traditionally add at least some non-factual content to make it not pure fact, which is not copyrightable. Sounds like an urban myth. Rather, it functions like a watermark. > Perhaps, and I am terrified to suggest this, this industry will come up with their own answer to that. Haha. Not really. We know copyright infringement is happening. The current problems the industry has with copyright protection lie in enforcing them. Thanks for thinking along, FWIW I hope it may inspire other readers as well. I was aware of option #0 and #1. #0 made me give up -eventually, after retrying- since it requires root because Google Keep has no public API. This is also why I was puzzled #1 claimed it did work (it didn't). 0) Keep for Pebble requires root (root is area 51 for me) 1) WatchNote never worked for me (only sortof, via Evernote, very buggy) 2) Infinite Notes doesn't use Google Keep (offline is nice though since I regularly lose internet access in the grocery store). 3) PowerNoter doesn't use Google Keep (voice command is interesting, but my shopping list isn't saved in English) Perhaps I should ditch Google Keep as requirement, but the missus is very accustomed to that and doesn't tolerate yet another piece of software for grocery shopping. > [a], [b], [c], [d], [e], [f], [h] and you find that China is Characterized by corruption and opportunism? The two are not mutually exclusive. Relevant Xen Security Advisory https://xenbits.xen.org/xsa/advisory-200.html https://xenbits.xen.org/xsa/advisory-195.html All XSA https://xenbits.xen.org/xsa/ ( snip ) Do people socialise whilst being in a sauna, or do they rather meditate? Does it differ per person or region? If meditate, has there been cross reference between people who meditate instead of sauna? Interesting project. It only seemed to work with English. I got no problem with that, but it'd be nice to give the user a warning or note about this. Either a warning/note ahead of time, in the FAQ, and/or if non-English is detected. > The day the 500+ program started, several employees left, literally saying that they have 3-4 children, so by just getting the money from the government they will be better off than working and they don't need a job anymore. They are all jobless and living off 500+ as far as I know. Yeah, yeah... I know that kind of story. This isn't the complete picture. You are presenting anecdotal evidence, and omitting important details. Some important details you are ommiting: 1A) For the job you provide, is the QoL of the work low compared to the wage and potential health hazard(s)? This seems to be the easiest counterpoint to your entire argument. You also lack statistical relevance. 1B) You omit the question wether those workers were easily replaced. If yes, what type of income & benefits did those people receive? If no, why not? Aside from that one: 2) Which other social benefits exist in Poland? 3) Are these affected by child support benefits? 4) How exactly do the various tax systems work in Poland? 5) Are/were they performing unreported work? > I would say that's a pretty good indication what will happen with UBI - I'm sure there's loads of people who wouldn't leave their jobs because they like having more money(me included) but for a lot of people if free money is enough to get by then that's what they are going to live on. Do you have children yourself? Children are a huge joy, but also a huge burden. It is a living hell to both work, and also have children. What some people with good wage do is work full time, both, and have child caretaker(s). Those are going to be employed. There's also the problem that unskilled work in the West is in decline. I don't know if that is true for Poland though. And there is the notion that you either work full time, or you don't work at all. Why these extremes? With 3-4 children you are overburdened by them, and it'd be an option for one of the parents to not work full time. This is why the right to be forgotten is important. It was a mistake to grant these people your personal data, but at the very least you can make them delete your personal data. $50 seems like an arbitrary number, not a logical chosen barrier. What about your data, and your privacy? Is that worth anything? You say you have Apple (and maybe Microsoft) as exception but Microsoft was one of the first to join PRISM program. Apple's in it as well. Apple uses Siri. Do you entrust Apple with your voice data? With your Spotlight searches (or Microsoft, as I saw today that was being used, and I know I never set it up to use Bing cause I don't use Bing)? If you're not from the USA, it'd be stupid to depend on US cloud services ever since the Snowden revelations. Before that as well, but then it was just all theory. Cloud is sometimes invisible and, well, murky (cloudy) as to . Therein lies a danger. A program like Signal does it right, but that is merely communication. I have no idea what the feasible alternative would be to cloud because something like a mobile phone just isn't powerful enough, and has its own set of privacy and security issues on top of that. > I'm from the USA. [...] > $50 is decent dinner out. [...] > I'm more worried about shelling out money for services the vanish. Fair enough! How far do you go with this? Open source firmware and the like? > I'm from the USA. I don't have any reason to implement an opsec level that would potentially defeat a government inquiry. If there were a targeted effort to get at my stuff, my home lacks the controls to even offer a moderate level of resistance. Oh, I have no issue if the secret service of my country targets someone (including me) specifically. My problem is with mass surveillance, dragnets, and silly attempts to find needles in haystacks. That I would try to avoid, try to not support those by voting with my wallet. Also, I'd like you to consider the following: it isn't only the secret service or the NSA. The Snowden revelations are just the tip of the iceberg, or the wake up call. There's also the insurance company, the headhunter, data leaks because $cloud_provider can't secure their shit, profiling based on your data, etc. > The question I have is, without watching the video, is this the ACTUAL thief? If you watched the video, you'd know. Also, from the FAQ: "1. How do you know the guy in the pictures is the thief? Please watch the film again, we were witnesses of the theft and filled a police report which described the person we later saw in the pictures. Besides that, there is a lot of supporting evidence for the fact the thief didn't sell the phone the fist few days. I won't go into to much detail now. If you don't believe that there is an other argument: The person who used the phone must have known the phone was stolen because it had all my pictures and accounts still on it for a whole week. If he bought it, which he didn't he at least could have known the phone was stolen because of that." The author doesn't address this. However, the author doesn't want viewers to try similar projects, and also did the project to inform people of the massive privacy issues concerning smartphones. From his FAQ: "5. Why won't you teach us how to install the app like you did? Besides theft, I wanted to make a point and start a discussion about privacy on smartphones without actually making a film that even mentions the word privacy. This is why the project should not be reproduced. I think the film makes the point, doing it again would be for entertainment purposes which I didn't. I hope people who see the film will realize the risk of getting hacked on smartphones, by hackers and governments. On computers, most people use virus scans, install updates and some people even put tape on their webcams while almost nobody even considers how vulnerable a smartphone is, and what the implications of getting hacked mean. I think the film already created a lot of awareness and started discussions about it.﻿" Also, quoting from his YouTube page: "Anthony is a director, researcher and concept developer. In June 2015 he graduated from the Willem de Kooning Academy with his film Find my Phone. Anthony uses technology to tell stories in his work and has special interest in software and hardware development, hacking and privacy. He is currently working on developing a new documentary series and several other projects." The above suggests this was just an art project. That doesn't mean it is exempt from law (personally, I believe he broke the law, and if you're interested wether this is true or not in NL I can highly recommend a lawyer, Arnoud Engelfriet, who might address the question on his blog), but it does show his intentions. See also the documentary "The Feeling Of Being Watched". An insider's look at an Arab community that's been under FBI surveillance since the '90s http://www.feelingofbeingwatched.com/ EDIT: apparently it is a Kickstarter project which met its goal https://www.kickstarter.com/projects/beingwatched/the-feelin... You complain a web proxy can be MITM, but the very same is true about Tor exit nodes. Should EFF therefore not recommend the usage of Tor and/or Tor exit nodes? You don't use a web proxy to protect your search privacy against a nation state actor; you use it to protect your search privacy against the search engine(s). Also, if you actually read the link you linked you'd find that 1) it is flagged as 'advanced' which suggests some kind of technical expertise of the user 2) nowhere it is suggested to use someone _else_ their web proxy 3) instead, Privoxy (software; not a service) is suggested because it has privacy enhancing features and 4) anonymizers are suggested. As for anonymizers, that suggestion comes with a fair share of warnings. Basically, in the article EFF recommends Tor. > In terms of the EFF article, it's just one of many which recommend the use of proxies and was just an example providing that this has been guidance that's been provided for quite awhile. There are even commercial web proxy providers like TorGuard which market web (HTTP) proxies: Again, the article (which stems from 2006) recommends: 1) Tor. 2) Privoxy (which is not the same as 'recommending proxies' since you can run it on 127.0.0.1) 3) Tor + Privoxy (guess where Privoxy runs) 4) anonymizers. The article should indeed not recommend #4 if protecting against a nation state. But that doesn't seem to be the goal of the article. The article is out of date, and its focus is on protecting the user's privacy from search engines and the like. It against profiling by ASPs. A better question is "should out of date articles have warnings about them being inaccurate and/or dated?" Finally, people who anonimize their BitTorrent usage via a proxy or VPN generally do this because of hiding copyright infringement or avoiding blockades. The intention is to hide their IP address against MPAA (and the like), not NSA (and the like). On top of that, "TorGuard" seems to have very little to do with "Tor"; that alone tells me to not trust such a service. I experienced the opposite. When I was young I, European, went to the States and I was being asked 'how are you' in a grocery store. So I ended up answering this question quite seriously until my American friend bumped me to explain we should move on. Obviously, there's only one correct answer to that question: 'good, how are you?' I consider it an extremely rude gesture, and not at all courtesy. If you're asking someone how they are, you should do that genuinely, or not at all. While I fully understand how it is being courteous there are different ways to be courteous which don't include asking questions you don't really want answers to. IOW, I find it very fake. Although I do experience it more here as well, thinking back I remember it occurring at work and in family. I tend to avoid using it. According to Wikipedia, Bipolar II is hard to diagnose. A lot of personality disorders also have an onset in late youth/early adulthood. IOW, you cannot diagnose those yet at a pre-teen age. There's a big taboo concerning depression. It isn't regarded as a disease, in social life those who are negative tend to get avoided. As for rewards like presents, I simply don't get the whole theatre behind it. It is just trading, often nowhere near original, and I too often don't know what on earth to buy for someone, ending up with cheesy things. You ask something, and you either get exactly what you want (no surprise), you get something you don't want and did not ask for (negative surprise) or you get something you did not ask for and do want (positive surprise). Now, how to make someone positively surprised if they already feel they got pretty much everything? If the only things they do want are rather expensive? If they don't need yet another cheap thing such as perfume while they already have their own expensive perfume brand which bottle is not even half empty? My point is that it can be extremely difficult to satisfy someone's needs. Not merely mine; the ones of all my peers. Now consider I was like this as a child as well (probably why I am like this now). Perhaps therein lies the difference. The non depressed are happy to receive a gift, never mind that it is merely a custom whereas the depressed see through the custom. One could argue the latter is smarter, but is that true from a biological PoV? > but on the other I realize that these people are competing with people who come from places without a minimum wage at all. "Places", or "countries" might have low minimum wage compared to US or even below the average of world. But no minimum wage at all seems unlikely. See https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/List_of_minimum_wages_by_count... I wonder if there is a 18+ check involved. > To me the answer is to tell yourself that it's not work but a hobby that happens to pay, and at least seek out work that pays minimum wage in your area, if that applies. But it isn't a hobby; it is paid; hence work. From Wikipedia: "A Hobby is a regular activity that is done for enjoyment, typically during one's leisure time." The type of labour on Amazon Turk is extremely repetitive just like (physical) hard labour. The goal also isn't pleasure, and the income isn't a gift; it is part of one's income (I wonder if it is being tracked though). I also find the name Amazon Turk offensive. I am aware that the word Turk has multiple meanings, but in a good part of the 90s in Europe cheap labour and Turkish people went hand in hand. It was the kind of labour the native Europeans didn't want to do (e.g. garbagemen), it paid very badly. Now we are at the next step of globalisation and because the competition goes via the Internet the lowest common denominator becomes standard. Which is very bad for those who are unemployed, underskilled, homeless etc in higher civilized countries where the standard of living is higher, but so is things like rent. Heck, I wouldn't even be able to pay my rent with Amazon Turk. > The same thing happens on freelancer sites. Jobs for pennies on the dollar of their worth are fought over by people barely making it in the US, and people who are enjoying a rather livable stream of income in other countries. Yes, and fake freelance like Uber and MLM. Right now distros who backport, such as Debian, need to very carefully read changelogs and decide what and what not to backport. Quite a daunting task. We're talking about a default feature which is disabled 'for average users'. Average users only have a few tabs open in their browser. Not 100. Average users also don't have 3 GB RAM, nor do they use view source on a mobile phone, and neither do average users actually use the feature. So the default setting makes sense even though a user who is using the feature may end up using several MB due to a reload (not cool on a plan). If you are saving 57 kB per tab open, that'd be ~5,7 MB with 100 tabs open. But if you have 100 tabs open on a mobile phone (!!), you have a bigger problem, and all those tabs are causing swapping already anyway. In that sense, enabling the feature by default makes sense. And don't forget that some people don't have flat rate internet. > Eating healthy food _is_ costlier than not caring about what you eat. However, that does not mean that expensive equals healthy. > It's basically the same old "everything that's good is (at least somewhat) expensive, but not everything that's expensive is good" applied to food. Actually, that is false and contradicting. It is perfectly possible to eat healthy and cheap. Sure, if you limit your price you end up with less choice, but that does not mean the cheap choices are bad, or that you end up with expensive food if you want quality. An entire industry wants to make you think otherwise, but they're deceiving the customers. Take for example, from the article, the following: "The key was that for some participants the Chicken Balsamic Wrap was listed as more expensive, and for others the Roasted Chicken Wrap cost more.". The names of products should not be misleading, yet the industry gets away with it, 'as long as its in the product'. Sounds good? Well, if there are trace amounts in the product, it counts. This is just one example. Another one is right in the article: "“Rich in Vitamin A for eye health.”" this is a fraudulent statement, a propaganda lie which stems from WWII. The Brits used it as propaganda to convince the general public, including the Germans, that this was what allowed them to see German airplanes in advance (it was actually radar which did). It has long since been debunked. Our laws are failing us here. They are supposed to protect us, but companies work around them. Some very healthy foods which aren't that expensive (in my grocery store, in my country, YMMV (!!)): free range chicken eggs. Compared to a cereal, much more healthy, and filling. Yet a fraction of the price. Another example: an unripe banana is high on magnesium, yet doesn't contain a lot of sugar. You may find it between other bananas which are more ripe. Frozen raspberries and blueberries, cost about half of fresh ones, yet they'll stay well longer. You won't find the green friends on those berries while they're in the freezer. Another silly one is all those fruit juices. As if you need vitamin C if you simply eat green vegetables such as brocolli. There are countless of examples available. It does require some comparisons and it does depend on what you believe is healthy. People don't wanna make those comparisons at 5 PM after a long day of work, I get that. That is why I want governments to interfere. The industry is too selfish to manage this on their own (they're for profit, and enjoy a lack of regulations on it), and is confusing the general public with smoke screens on what is healthy and what isn't, or like this article explains with silly prices. It is actually quite a fallacy, and the opposite is suggesting: "because this is expensive, and we claim it is healthy, it is therefore more likely to be healthy than if it were cheap. Else we would sell it cheaper." it stems from the ridiculous assumption that expensive food means healthier food. As for your statement: "Eating healthy food _is_ costlier than not caring about what you eat." we are creature of habit. If your food habits are healthy as they are, and you have done your best to find cheap yet quality food in your grocery store then you'll be fine with doing groceries at 5 PM whilst being tired from work. You just mindlessly buy the things you always buy, you don't get distracted by offers, you don't have to do any research or comparisons. You already made up your mind. It is not equal to 'not caring' since you did once care, but it is 'careless' in a sense. The claim was, back then, that people had to eat more carrots to improve eye sight. Healthy people already have good vitamin A levels. So additional vitamin A does not improve their eye sight to superstitious levels (as the propaganda claimed). With a normal diet you will get more than enough vitamin A. Vitamin A deficiency stems from malnourishment. According to https://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/commons/8/83/Vitamin_... deficiency only somewhat occurs in Africa. On top of that, it is important to note that overdosing on supplements is possible. See also: http://www.snopes.com/food/ingredient/carrots.asp So the notion that someone in the West (who I assume is the reader of this website, and not a malnourished person from Africa) needs to focus on vitamin A, or has to care about such statements, is false. They get their vitamin A, they are not deficient, and the statement that one needs to eat something rich in vitamin A for eye health is very likely to be false; therefore unnecessary, and also fraudulent. Such statements are akin to a statement such as "rich in NaCl for survival". Sure, one needs NaCl, but we already get far too much of it anyway; the average West civilian does not have to focus on more NaCl. If anything, less . I admit a major difference is that it is harder to overdose on vitamin A, than NaCl, but the former is still inaccurate and makes people feel well that they treat themselves with healthy foods which are in fact nothing but needless quackery. > However, everything else being equal, healthy food has to be costlier than the cheapest food, because otherwise those two would be the same. Why can they not be the same? Why can something not be healthiest and cheapest? And, if we ban all unhealthy food, or tax it, it is going to be not the cheapest. > And while that's probably true, eggs from egg factories will still be cheaper. Glad you used that example! I don't know about the USA, but those eggs are becoming more rare in grocery stores here due to pressure from consumer right and animal right organisations. The reverse (ie. your statement) can also be true. Whole wheat bread is more rare (and if they even do have it, more expensive). Meanwhile, white bread is being made as if it looks like whole wheat (brown), and as if it contains whole wheat (either none, or barely). In this example, you are absolutely correct (at least, here, I don't know about US for example). But, that reverse is not true by definition . It is not a law . I would agree with you, if you'd argue that it is more likely . IMO, that is due to lack of regulations which stems from lack of political willpower to bother. The following documentary "de eerlijke onderneming" [1] was broadcasted on Dutch TV. The title translates to "the fair company", there's a lot of English in it as well. It is about a man, Bas van Abel, who started a company called Fairphone. He tried tried to source a phone of completely fair materials. That means that all the materials including the cobalt and the little technical parts are paid fairly for, as well as the people who made them. What I learned from the documentary is that you can't change overnight a huge system (like, how little rights people in China have, how production in China cannot be avoided, or the gang wars and child labour in Africa) even if you want to. You need to lower your standards to the status quo of the social environment you are working with, and improve it from there, little by little. Plus, you will experience setbacks. Also, his goal was pretty much impossible for various practical reasons so he had to lower expectations. Their profit margins are very low for standards (IIRC For the record, I wouldn't put it like this. I think there's a lot of shades between such harsh, black and white statements. [1] http://www.vpro.nl/programmas/tegenlicht/kijk/afleveringen/2... > One needs to go to the store, buy what's on sale (which is also frequently what's in season and thus probably more nutrient packed), and then build a recipe around that using non-perishable pantry ingredients. Agreed. But this a complex problem. First, we need the ability to scan food quickly, and know what it is. The Swiss have https://www.openfood.ch which is awesome, but that is just the Swiss. Alternatively, we could use our bonus card of the grocery store, or use OCR on the receipt. This'd give us the names of the ingredients at the very least. Next, at a minimum, we need a way to detect and read the expiration date, allow to sort on this, and have some red/yellow/green markers for warning. On food, there is no standard for this as of yet. We'd need standards for perishable food like bananas and tomatoes. How long do those last? Perhaps ML/AI would be of help here. I'd also argue we need food allergy warnings, but that'd be a feature for after 1.0 (just add a temporary warning). We also need to store these ingredients in a database which is accessibly to the customers. I know some are thinking SaaS, cloud, etc but I prefer privacy TYVM. We need to be able to modify this database, and use say cron jobs for the expire date. Next, we need the ability to connect this personal data -while containing privacy- with recipe databases (for which there is no open standard, and is pested with copyright), which would be used to match the ingredients which A) user has, and are to expire B) user prefers to use C) user doesn't mind buying. The suggestions to the user are based on ML/AI, but the user can set a day they want to 'experiment'; then a cuisine is selected the user normally does not follow (this last feature not for 1.0). A later feature would give accurate feedback to the user how long the cooking is going to take based on ML/AI. Finally, a backend with grocery store DBs is used, to order new ingredients/foods. This has support for price, brands, S&H, food allergies, shop opening time. Backorder support, suggestion support (together w/recipe backend). (I ignored drones delivering the orders.) Ambitious perhaps. Does any of this exist? Thank you for your post and clarifications. They make a lot of sense to me. I made a mistake in my post: > in a good part of the 90s in Europe cheap labour and Turkish people went hand in hand I meant to say the 20th century, not the 90s. It occurred from about '60s till '80s. I'm also glad I'm not the only one who finds the name offensive, and FWIW I'm not Turkish in any way. Nor do I resent being associated with Turkish people. However for it to change, two people wouldn't be enough. I also wonder if the name is a coincidence, or deliberate. If Amazon were a European company I'd expect the latter, but America doesn't have the same history with Turkey as Europe does. As for hobby. I'd just call it what it is: "a badly paid job". One you'd replace ASAP if you could. You need to also take into account that one requires a computer which requires maintenance and is going to (partly) die at some point. Sure, internet bill is likely flat fee and paid already, but electricity is going to be higher. I have no clue what Otto is, never heard of that brand. As far as I'm concerned its a first name. However, you getting laughed at saying: > That said, Google is a software company ..is because Google is not primarily a software company. Google is first and foremost an advertising (or 'profiling') company which uses whatever tool (software, hardware, service, complete stack) at their disposal to increase profit derived from -you guessed it- advertising. What Google wants is to have their software and service in every car in the world. Cars are akin to Android devices. At best, Google would make reference models to give the right example (this is what Nexus originally was as well). Google goes for volume (like it did with Android, and like Microsoft did with Windows and Office), Tesla is the Apple who goes for the top segment. Facebook is in the same league. Microsoft, with Windows and Office, used to be a software company, selling software licenses. They're reinventing themselves away from that ever since Mr Nadella's been behind the steering wheel. Don't mistake an advertising (or 'profiling', or even spying) company for a software company. Even then, traditional software company is vastly different from SaaS which even Oracle is heading towards. Tesla, Apple, and -sortof- Microsoft have very different business models than Google and Facebook. Been considering getting one. They come with option of Ubuntu. But I read too many complaints on things like coil whine, HiDPI, and low uptime on battery. > Probably mainly smoke and mirrors. That is because CCTV does not directly decrease crime. Instead, it tries to increase the chance the alleged criminal gets seen, profiled, and caught later on which means the alleged criminal won't be able to commit crime for a while due to jail time. Mass surveillance and CCTV are notoriously bad at avoiding crime or terrorism from happening on the short term though, and as long as there is incentive to either, they'll remain happening. Problem is that each software upgrade from Apple contains important security and reliability fixes. You get those even on old Mac hardware (my MBP is 6 years old now). On a Hackintosh, you don't know whether those software upgrades are going to work, or if they will break or brick your system. On top of that, when I looked around, I couldn't find some kind of good guide advising me which ultrabook to buy as Hackintosh. There's no clear comparisons and just a lot of homebrew mentality. I'm not interested in that; I want something which works well, and stays working well. > OS X also has a lot of mindshare. Sure, but I expect that to go down now. IMNSHO, YMMV. > Same with Google: they hire a lot of software engineers that contribute directly to their revenue. (I know nothing about accounting, so can't comment on that.) Yes, in that sense it is true. In the sense of the end product (software licenses not being the primary source of income), and the way profit is gained (advertising), it is untrue. I guess it depends on perspective. I guess you want something akin to what Razer Core is for Razer Blade, but then you don't want more graphics power. Apparently it uses USB-C to achieve this. Does that give confidence we may see this feature more commonly? > Having just visited Japan, one thing that struck me is that Japanese consumers by and large refuse to buy low quality crap, so stores generally don't stock them (including groceries). Would be interesting to look into the why and/or how come . > Having really discriminating consumers is probably the one way to make sure stores stop selling unhealthy things. Regarding laws though -- consumers and voters are largely the same group of people. If they're not discriminating enough to care about not buying something, it's unlikely they'll vote on those preferences too. It is difficult to change a habit for an individual, and the same is true for a society, but if we can change the habit of some individuals we can change enough momentum to change society for the better. Its not that nobody cares; consumer right movement does care, for example. My point is that we don't have to change the habit of every single individual. We need enough people who do care. At the very worst, we'd need 51% of the population, but likely much lower will do. First we must understand the why and how come though. I think there are solid reasons for that being how it is though. They're kinda intertwined/related to each other. 1a) Brand loyalty. People don't like change, they like to stick to what they know. This creates easy brand loyalty. This also has the disadvantage that newcomers [in the food business] have a harder time to achieve market share. 1b) Abundance of choice. Choice is great, too much choice is not. Clear choices, with clear pros and cons are informational . This also affects #1, and once again means even less space for newcomers. 2) Contradicting information / lack of consensus. For one, we still haven't reached a consensus of how something like diabetes is developed, we still as a society fail to combat obesity. 3) Time constraints. You can' expect hard working people who spend their free time to construct a diet for them. 4a) Lack of stimulus for the industry. For a variety of reasons the industry gets away with serving & selling low quality food. While becoming ill from food is short-term, ill from diet is long term. The blame is shifted towards the lifestyle choice of the people. Some self responsibility is fair, but not all. 4b) Lack of direct feedback. As briefly explained in 4a the user does not receive direct feedback over the cause and effect of their lifestyle choices. Some food choices do give direct feedback, but the user has learned to ignore. 4c) Addiction. Adding to 1a and 4a/b, there is a clear benefit to having people becoming addicting to your food, so that they keep coming back. This also makes it difficult for newcomers, since people tend to get back to their product. Even if yours is better. Note, I'm a former cigarette addict, so I know how difficult it is to overcome an addiction. How can we solve such a complex issue? Well not overnight, but for starters: Re 1) These cannot be easily solved. Or at least, I don't see how. As long as these exist this gives us a disadvantage. However, globalisation has given us even more food choice, including some healthy ones, and something like drones allows us to order less common but healthy foods more easily (even though the local grocery store may not carry it). Re 2, 4) This can be solved with legislation, but also with proof hunting. This phenomenon has some momentum due to the fake news debacle in US election. Computers can aid us here. Re 3) Here, too, computers can aid us. I have some ideas on software which could aid us specifically with this aspect of the problem, see [1]. [1] https://news.ycombinator.com/item?id=13215767 Not sure if manga qualifies as reading but for manga/anime cyberpunk I can recommend Ghost In The Shell. It deeply touches these subjects, from multiple angles. Then, since you specifically said read, there's Philip K. Dick, who wrote loads of books on this genre. When people think of Blade Runner they don't even know its based on a novel by him [1] If you're referring to a book which studies cyberpunk as a genre from a documentary PoV then I wouldn't know. https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Do_Androids_Dream_of_Electric_... > Overall, GitHub should go the services route. Could you give examples on how that route, in your opinion, could look like? Is it possible to spoof the reply? Or block the request? This smells like security by obscurity to me. Oh, the EU knew it could happen; they were told it wouldn't happen. We need to operate on some basic level of common trust. If you wanna do business in the EU, you need to play by the rules. As it turns out, not only did it happen, the software/tech to make it happen was already ready ! That makes a pretty strong case against Facebook's intentions. I actually would agree that it was in hindsight stupid because of Facebook's business model. Why else would they want to buy WhatsApp other than profiling and spying? Ideally, we don't even want corporations to have such huge amounts of data on us but we're not on that level yet. We're still too ignorant on that one. More Bad Things (tm) must happen first. > Seems like the issue is specifically about them saying they couldn't do it, rather than wouldn't do it. Yes, I was wrong, I thought the EU was told by Facebook that Facebook would not do it, while they knew it could be done. We are arguing semantics though. If someone asks you wether you would commit a crime (e.g. murder someone), and you reply "I can't", and then said someone lets you pass, that does not give you a blank cheque to commit said crime. "Wouldn't" makes no difference here. If anything, "couldn't" sounds more authoritative because even if you'd want to, you argue you can't whereas the other one is solely based on trust. Regardless, arguing over that attempts to draw attention away that it did happen. Second, we must not forget the EU is not asking a random stranger about it (or well, they were, see below); they were asking those with the know-how themselves, Facebook and WhatsApp. > Though I would assume that a 30 min consultation with any competent technical person would give rise to a dozen different ways in which it COULD be done... Competitors and customers of Facebook and WhatsApp were broadly inquired by the EU before the acquisition was finalised [1]. "[...] The questionnaire inquires about what a merged entity could do with customers' data, and how that could affect advertising services, in particular the effectiveness of ads over both mobile devices such as smartphones and on computers. "In your view, what would be the likely impact on WhatsApp and its user base if post-transaction WhatsApp… were to start collecting increased amount of data about its users (e.g. user location, age, gender, message content, etc.)?" the questionnaire asks. It also probes the growing overlap between social networks and messaging services, as companies scramble to make the most advantageous possible use of consumers' data. "Which of the following websites/apps in your view can be described as a provider of social networking services? Please tick as many boxes as you consider appropriate," the commission asks, before listing dozens of services including Flickr, Foursquare, Google+, InterNations, LinkedIn, Myspace, Meetup, Tumblr, Twitter, Skyrock, Pinterest, Ask.FM and Spotbros. [...]" If your argument is that the acquisition should've never happened there have been multiple points of failure, but its too easy to point it all at the EU (if not merely for the fact that they weren't the ones who broke the law in this instance). I don't know if the details of these inquiries are public, I suspect not. [1] http://www.wsj.com/articles/eu-sends-questionnaire-to-rivals... Because instead of depending on a 3rd party, you depend on yourself (and in this case you'd hammer your own server, and notice). It is not far fetched; Windows and OS X work this way. By default, they use their own NTP servers. OS X even has separate servers for different regions (Europe, Asia, and Americas). 1) They don't do that with the MBP from 2010. Not even if you bought the 3 year extended warranty. Worse, it can break again, at any time, because it is a hardware defect. 2) Only after extensive pressure did Apple start this project, and only for 2011 MBPs. Yep, I eventually figured out its an opening, and I did learn to not answer the question. Nonetheless it is still rather odd to me given all the chit-chat Americans tend to have. It just seems inefficient to me, and it has too much potential for awkwardness. Hence I still remain of the opinion "if you don't want to hear an honest answer to a question; don't ask that question." akin to "doctor, it hurts when I do that; then don't do that." I sortof feel the same on 'have a good one' except here this does not hurt anyone, and it does not cause misconception. It is merely ending on a positive note. With that being said, a better way of introducing is "hello, pleased to meet you" since it shows dignity, or just "hello, good morning" which is more neutral. All of these are kind and small gestures but not overly or in the sense of inviting too much chit-chat, or invitations to doors which ought to remain closed. Anyway, no matter how much I dislike it, it won't change. At the same time I don't have to put myself on that level. How much tax did Apple pay to the US government based on their income, compared to the EU? Apple managed to pay virtually nothing in EU, thanks to a deal with Ireland. Which, incidentally, also got axed by the very same Margrethe Vestager. It did not lower in price, so you're working with hardware of between 1 and 2 years old which on top of being old did not become cheaper. One small advantage the 2016 version seems to have is being able to get power from either side of the laptop while the 2015 has 1x Magsafe (why on earth did they replace that) and 2 USB-C. > This is an obvious failure of the tax system. The solution is quite simple Yes, it is indeed: 1) if a company does local business, they should pay local tax, and, 2) by making sure the company has physical presence instead of being a P.O. box. Ie. by flagging those companies who claim they are in the middle of the Caribbean Sea while they're clearly not as tax evaders who ought to be prosecuted 3) use whitelists on companies who are honest, and for those who are not: immediately distract the corporate income tax from their transactions (it is 2016, after all). EDIT: 4) the construction with fake companies who the companies deal with should also be pretty easy to catch with some ML/AI :) Your solution: > get rid of corporate income tax, focus on consumption taxes. Would give corporations a free ride at the expense of consumers. It'd stimulate consumers to start fake corporations just to avoid tax. Finally, it'd lower the value of the money the consumer has as it is. Hardly a fair solution. > Nothing they did was illegal until the EU change their laws 25 years retroactively. That's oversimplifying what happened. What happened is that Apple was working with the Irish government for a deal with very low tax %. The EU now told the Irish government that this was illegal, and that they need to ask Apple to pay the full price. Retroactively. If you play dirty around the rules don't complain when it does not work out. If Apple had simply played according to the rules none of this would've happened. The excuse that 'everyone does it' is a bad one. It doesn't work out for all the criminals in jail in US for dealing drugs, now does it? It was no doubt an important acquisition, but 'the most important'? Someone who makes such a bold claim has gotta be someone who really knows computer history extremely well. This is just one of those 'what if' scenarios. If Apple didn't buy NeXT someone else would've innovated a good capacitive touchscreen device. Maybe it would've been Nokia. They were busy with experimenting with that long before the first iPhone got released, see the Nokia 770 and Maemo (or actually check its successor, the Nokia N800). Perhaps Elop would never have become the CEO of Nokia. Perhaps Nokia would've still be around. Perhaps not? We'll never know. Everything's connected. Thanks for the explanations, they've broadened my viewpoint on the matter. FWIW, I never said it was easy. I also never said I didn't want additional punishment on the crime. I do; and in addition to jail time. That way you hurt the criminals where it hurts. If the BSA, RIAA, MPAA can claim missed income with ludicrous amounts, why can't the tax departments? Oh wait, reading the article, they did, and apparently that is just 100% + interest. For maximum efficiency, go after the big fish _first_. But there's so much fish slipping through with regards to BSA, MPAA, RIAA, and also (corporate) income tax. Tech can help us here, but the legal system is flooded as it is. In practice there's out of court settlements which is less ideal since it creates a shadow justice system. Now, if we do what you suggest, abolish income tax, VAT will go up due to loss of income from income tax, and the state needs income from somewhere. However the effective income of the consumer would go up as well which I forgot. Since there's so much corporate income tax evasion, the consumer and honest businessmen end up with a net advantage of purchasing power compared to the current situation, and we save money/time/lawyers/experts. Although I suppose some lawyers/experts lawyers need to respecialize. A caveat is that we must implement it on a global scale. Else the VAT is higher in certain countries, while lower in other, which increases the incentive for fraud (buy by proxy). Also, it is too bad it won't work with any of the progressive tax systems. Which is what we in Europe have (YMMV). We could however, while abolishing income tax, move the weight of the progressive income tax to VAT, but what's gonna happen then? With physical items people would end up buying items for others. But like you said it is difficult on a large scale, and for something like a car that wouldn't work very well, since its pretty much bound to a driver's license and its movement is tracked via GPS. With items bound via DRM or service w/o resale value, there's no problem either. In other words, progressive VAT on service would work. There's also the side effect that people sit on their money. If they spend it, it is (more) heavily taxed. I think that is going to create a massive black market, but perhaps that could be tackled in the 21st century. My main beef with your point is that you believe people are gonna keep getting away with it. I disagree. I believe technology is going to force^H^H^H^H^H us, on the longer run, more honest. But if we were to swap to a progressive VAT-only system we'd also be able to use tech. EDIT PS: A way to avoid progressive VAT problem would be to rescale incomes. Well... yeah... I just don't see that happening... > You also got me thinking about what "slippery slope" would be in Arabic. It could be directly translated but the idiom would lose its meaning. Regardless, I think the point the article's author is trying to convey is that religious conservatives are wary of the slow creep of Western concepts into their society. I went to Slippery Slope article on English Wikipedia and then clicked on Arabic. This is a way I often use with languages I regularly use (such as English, Dutch, German, and Spanish) in order to figure what something means in one of those languages. I wanted to describe this process because I believe it can help others in a similar situation. An alternative is Wiktionary, but I find it working less good. So, the Arabic Wikipedia entry for Slippery Slope is [1]. Using Google Translate, I ended up with it meaning also "Nose of the Camel". This is apparently an Arabian tale. Quoting: The Camel's Nose In The Tent. One cold night, as an Arab sat in his tent, a camel gently thrust his nose under the flap and looked in. "Master," he said, "let me put my nose in your tent. It's cold and stormy out here." "By all means," said the Arab, "and welcome" as he turned over and went to sleep. A little later the Arab awoke to find that the camel had not only put his nose in the tent but his head and neck also. The camel, who had been turning his head from side to side, said, "I will take but little more room if I place my forelegs within the tent. It is difficult standing out here." "Yes, you may put your forelegs within," said the Arab, moving a little to make room, for the tent was small. Finally, the camel said, "May I not stand wholly inside? I keep the tent open by standing as I do." "Yes, yes," said the Arab. "Come wholly inside. Perhaps it will be better for both of us." So the camel crowded in. The Arab with difficulty in the crowded quarters again went to sleep. When he woke up the next time, he was outside in the cold and the camel had the tent to himself. Disclaimer: I know practically nothing about the Arabic language. [1] https://ar.wikipedia.org/wiki/%D9%85%D9%86%D8%AD%D8%AF%D8%B1... [2] http://www.freerepublic.com/focus/f-news/1800611/posts > The culture of medicine, at least at the physician level, is completely insane Is this problem US specific, or global? And, isn't the real problem a scarcity of qualified doctors? Which, if people follow your advice, becomes worse?