> Prop 13 ensures that property values -and thus the taxes > due on that property- are only reassessed when a property > changes hands. If you've held on to a property since Prop > 13's passage, your property taxes have not increased in > 37 years. This is an often-repeated myth, but that is not how prop 13 works. Property taxes do increase every year. What prop 13 does is that it sets the yearly increase to 2%. This makes the increases predictable so one can budget for it, but it certainly increases every year. https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/California_Proposition_13_%281... (I bought a house in 1997. During the dot.com boom, the market value far exceeded the assessed value. Later when housing crashed, the market value dipped below the assessed value. In the current boom market value has again gone above the assessed value. I expect in the next crash values may reverse again. So all prop 13 does is that it damps the increases to prevent wild swings year to year.) > are only adjusted upon sale of the property While often repeated, that is incorrect. In reality property tax goes up 2% every year under prop 13. Property tax in California is at least 1% (typically a bit higher due to various local fees, but let's say 1% for this example). That means if she bought the property 20 years ago for $150K, the property tax in year one was 1% of 150K, or $1500. Under Prop 13 property taxes go up 2% ever year (compounded). So after 20 years that property tax would be up to roughly $2400. When he grows it'll be very difficult to learn, now is the time when a child can learn many languages very easily. Take the opportunity now! I speak to our toddler in a language my wife doesn't (Finnish) and she speaks to him in a language I don't understand (French). He is fully fluent in both, in addition to English (from daycare/friends). It varies. Sometime saying twice, but most often he (son) will do the translating for us which is great practice. But we also have another shared language we can use (which our son also mostly understands). The tax is not based on the current value nor on the value 30 years ago. It is based on a value which goes up 2% every year. The taxes go up every year but in a predictable way, it is damping function on the wild swings of the bubble/crash/repeat housing market. So it is very easy to see how prop 13 was passed. The real estate tax is one the major yearly budget items for most families. Having it vary wildly and unpredictably year to year is not something most families [who don't earn tech bubble salaries] can handle. The razr still works fine (on tmobile). I still use mine, purchased in 2005, no issues. Battery life isn't great and it's hard to find a replacement battery that works, but it still gets me through the day. I wouldn't necessarily mind upgrading, but the razor is less than 4"x2" and there is nothing else like it available. I have no interest in a larger bulkier phone. > We need software with super long term support release that just get bug fixed for ~20 years. So much this. You can have it though, by sticking with stable open source that no PM looking to make a mark can redesign every year. I've been using mutt for email since the mid 90s, no unnecessary interface changes. In 1997 I set up my very non-technical mother (now almost 90) with a very simple system built around FVWM (very customized configuration), mutt (again customized for simplicity) and emacs (for email editing, custom keybindings). To this day she uses the exact same setup every day. Nothing has changed and nothing can change, so nothing new to confuse her. Assuming you control both sides, which sounds like you do, just run it on a different port in addition to 25. MA allows non-compete restrictions on employees which severely stifles the startup economy. Silicon Valley is what it is largely in thanks to the continuous cross-pollination of talent which is possible due to the lack of non-compete issues. However, just like like whiteboard coding is completely unrelated to real-world coding, this type of whiteboard design is also completely unrelated to the real-world whiteboard design people do in non-interview settings. How many times has a scenario like this happened to anyone: Your manager pulls you in with no warning into a conference room and asks you to architect on the whiteboard a new product completely unrelated to anything the company does or has done so far. And you get 45 minutes to get it correct or you're fired. Right.. never. That's the scenario interview whiteboarding is testing for and it has no real world relevance at all. In an actual job even the most impromptu whiteboarding sessions are related to product context already in your head. And most sessions are scheduled in advance so get to do research and prep work. When I worked as an independent consultant I'd get clients who needed fast turnaround on designing new feature architecture to a product I had not seen before, which is the closest analogy to the interview whiteboard design that I've experienced. Even then, it's completely different. I'll first spend a couple hours with someone senior who can fill me in on all the relevant context. The dynamic is different because they need my help and are paying for it so they are highly motivated to give me all the context I need to help them. Only after that we go to the step where I whiteboard a few proposals and then we collaboratively decide which way to go. I'm quite good at this. Interview whiteboard design is a different skill entirely, one which I don't believe has any relevance to job performance. Might be a good way to hire improv theater actors, but not engineers. Having to go from zero to solution in 45 minutes or less is not how it works in the real world. And doing so while being nitpicked by an interviewer more interested in showing off doesn't help. Instead of collaborating, the interviewer is there to grudgingly drop the occasional hint and then count it against you. Yes, exactly! I've been in the tech (software) industry over 25 years now, nearly all of those years here in Silicon Valley. Worked in everything from 3 person startups to the largest of enterprises. I feel good about saying I've never made a bad hire (meaning: I've never come to regret saying "hire", everyone I have given the thumbs up after an interview has turned out to be a fine contributor). I don't ask candidates to code, I don't ask them to come up with whiteboard architectures out of the blue or any of these silly artificial techniques that don't measure anything relevant. Here's what I do: I carefully read their resume. I have a conversation about the projects they have worked on. I encourage them to talk about what jobs/projects/tasks they liked and disliked and why. What they found easy vs. hard and why. And what they want to work on next and why. That's it. Works extremely well. I wish everyone would try it. You'll find it is very easy to pick out those who padded their resume. You can't actually have a meaningful conversation about what you loved and hated about working on foo if you didn't do it. Indeed. I would easily take at least a $25K pay cut in exchange for a private office where I can actually get work done. Maybe more. Very important lesson that we as an industry need to learn better. > (low property taxes AND they never increase) Under Prop 13, property taxes go up 2% every year. Sure, that doesn't quite keep up with appreciation in boom years, but not the same as "never increase". > Around me in SF an entry level home at $1M would have a tax bill of $10,000. But it’s locked forever. Property tax in CA goes up 2% every year. So, year 0: $10,000 year 1: $10,200 year 2: $10,404 And so on... maybe it doesn't go up as fast as you'd like (until you own a place) but it is by no means locked in. mutt Nothing better! About a year ago a recruiter from a NYC company called me about a role which sounded interesting. Then they said the initial part of the interview was to write a project for them, which essentially amounted to "rewrite memcached in go". I must assume they were looking for free labor under the guise of an interview. I strongly suspect there was no job. I offered to do the work for $200/hr, never heard back. Actually, I did hear back over six months later when the same recruiter contacted me again with the same story. I reminded him that we already talked about this long before. Never do work for free under the excuse of an interview. How long would you like to be able to access this content? If it is for the long haul, plain text is the only way to go (org-mode, etc). Any proprietary commercial solution will fade away in a handful of years. At best, you might be able to extract the content before they shut down but structure and metadata may be lost. Open source self-hosted solutions will last much longer but even in that case it might get to a point the source has been abandoned so long that it becomes difficult to keep going. Only plain text will survive. I have plenty of notes in a more or less organized directory tree, dating back to the late 80s. I find it interesting that experiences in the same area can be so vastly different. I live in the bay area (Silicon Valley, not San Francisco, maybe that is the difference?), been commuting 60-70 miles a day here for 22 years and I have seen a car run a red light exactly once. I remember the time clearly because it was such an outlier, something that essentially never happens. From the 80s I miss the variety of computer systems at the consumer level. Apple ][, C64, Tandy Model 3/4 and the CoCo, OS/9 and more. When it became clear everything would converge to x86, that made me sad. The world is just that much more boring without variety. I miss programming in assembly. Slapping together frameworks with some sample code from Stack Overflow just doesn't provide the same mental satisfaction. I miss interviewing in the 90s. No white board algorithm puzzles or such nonsense. Just a conversation to see if your interests matched the role and you're hired. (I guess I don't miss the low salaries which were on par with any office workers in non-tech fields, nothing like today. But the good side was that everyone was in tech for the sheer love of it, not to make a buck.) But what I truly miss (nostalgia aside) is when Silicon Valley used to be about technology. The big names in Silicon Valley were all actual technology companies: Sun, SGI, HP (the good original HP, not the ink maker). The product was the technology and the culture reflected that. Engineers were in charge and the goal was to make better technology. Today the product is advertising and the goal is just to drive more eyeballs. Engineers have become commoditized and micromanaged (agile) by PMs who are driven by advertising goals. (PMs as we know them today did not exist.) Except for Apple, none of the big names today (FAANG) are tech companies anymore. Agreed. The best way to interview is to simply have a joint discussion about their past projects (from resume). There is no value in whiteboard puzzles. It is easy to gauge who is competent and who didn't do or didn't understand the work they claim on the resume. In over 25 years of interviewing candidates, this approach has never failed me. I've never asked for whiteboard coding. Whiteboarding architectural concepts, sure. The only caveat is the interviewer needs to have substantial experience in the same field to spot the wheat from the chaff in a casual conversation. If the interviewer is very junior, I can see how this might not work. Solution: don't have your most junior people run the interviews. A very good solution here is ZFS. Office file server runs ZFS and makes regular ZFS snapshots (hourly, or more often). Snapshots are immutable so even if the employee machines get infected, nothing can be lost (except the last N minutes since the last snapshot). Obviously, still have to do backups (off of those snapshots). Not from the machines which typically get infected, which are the employee desktops accessing the file server. If the malware manages to get itself running on the file server itself (and with root privileges), then sure. That's not a common case though. One would hope so, that was 15 years ago. But Niagara was supremely cool back then. I still have a T1000 on a rack at home (not that I use it anymore). The price per sq.ft. will never approach the average in any important city. https://www.visualcapitalist.com/interactive-map-price-per-s... This race to the bottom, as parent poster said, is from a generation of developers hyper-specializing in interview-style problems. These problems are tiny and self-contained and have a slick solution which can be regurgitated onto a whiteboard in about 30 minutes give or take. While that is not a negative skill to have, it is also not a skill that I'd list anywhere in the Top-25 of most valuable skills for productive developers. I can tell you how I do it and would certainly recommend it as the way it should be done. For some context, I've been interviewing software engineers for about 25 years in companies ranging from established multi-nationals to tiny startups in very fast headcount-growth mode. I'm in silicon valley. I can say that I've never regretted a hire I said yes to, so the method works to my satisfaction. It'd be nice to think I have some special skill here but I really don't. This is just how interviewing was done in the 90s. To some of the younger generations, I've been told it sounds crazy. If you send me your resume I'll actually read it, carefully. If the person described in this resume fits the background experience the role needs, you get an interview. During the interview we'll talk about all those projects you worked on that are relevant to this role. Which parts you enjoyed the best and why? Which parts were boring and why? Which parts were the most challenging and why? What you find too easy and why? What would you have done differently? Could you have? If you were to do the same project all over how would you approach it? Other open ended conversations along these lines. I don't ask anyone to whiteboard code, that's not part of the job so it's not part of the interview. No puzzles, no trivia-pursuit style questions. It works great. You can't BS your way through such a conversation with a senior technical peer if you didn't actually do the work described in the resume. You just can't. It is, however, vital that the interviewer must be a expert in the field. If we're talking about the same kind of thing, I don't consider those to be skills. For example I've seen resumes which list every javascript library they've ever used. Or every UNIX command they know how to run or similar minutia. This tells me the person doesn't know the difference between skills and implementation details, so I don't need to proceed to an interview. After hurricane Maria in September 2017 the entire island of Puerto Rico was without power. There was nowhere you could drive out of the blackout area since it was everywhere. A few luckier people got power back in one to two weeks, a small minority. My family in the greater metro area of San Juan got power back after two months. Friends in smaller cities only got power after three to five months. There are communities in the mountains which still don't have power today, almost two years later. If you haven't lived through anything like this, it is a useful mental exercise to think how you'd prepare for it. There is so much, but difficult to find any one link to summarize.. After a bit of searching found this page which is a similar blog-style page except has snippets from many different people. In Spanish. https://www.refinery29.com/en-us/2018/09/209947/huracan-mari... For English language coverage, search for videos by David Begnaud of CBS News who was on site and provided excellent reporting. Startup activity did in fact not emerge in SF. Silicon Valley was traditionally the Santa Clara valley area (roughly, San Jose/Los Gatos to Palo Alto/Menlo Park). There were no tech jobs in SF (outliers aside, of course), it was a hippy city an hour north of Silicon Valley. It it only during the present decade that startup activity has appeared in force in SF, away from Silicon Valley. Due largely (I believe) to the tax breaks SF created in 2011 to encourage that. Email infrastructure is very important for an open and interoperable Internet, way too important for us (techies) to abdicate it to gmail. That alone is a good motivator to run your own email services. Of course, there are other benefits. "It's way too hard" is a HN meme I've noticed regularly. It's really not, if you have any tech skills or the willingness to learn. I set up my email server in two days between jobs in 2011 and it's been running with minimal attention ever since. I don't have precise numbers, but to try to give some context I'd say about 2-4 hours a year worth of maintenance. Over the years I've expanded it to handle a few more domains (consulting companies for self and family members). No issues. To anyone even slightly interested or curious in the technology, just do it. You'll gain some freedom, gain some experience and help (even if just a grain of sand) decentralize the Internet. Don't fear the naysayers. Because it is hurting the would-be renter group even more? I personally know two people who are renting rent-controlled apartments in SF and don't live in them. Their lives have moved elsewhere and they don't need the place anymore. One uses it as a weekend getaway and the other one visits rarely. Thanks to rent control their rent is so cheap that it's worth hanging on to it even though they don't live there. So these two units are off the rental market effectively forever, sitting empty most of the time. > it is ridiculously profitable to rent out your property right now I'd be curious if you can share specific numbers on where this is true? Where in CA can I buy a house/apt and rent it out for more than the mortgage+insurance+taxes+maintenance? A link to the MLS listing would be appreciated. Every now and then I look at housing costs vs. rental income to consider buying some investment property. But the numbers never work out, I'd always end up loosing money to rent it out. > (That's ignoring the cost of paying your electric bill, not sure if that changes the math much..) If we ignore the cost of gas, it'll also change the math... Needless to say, need to include all costs for a fair comparison. A few years ago when my wife had a Fiat 500e and I was commuting on a 1988 Honda CRX (~40 mpg). The energy cost was higher for the Fiat than the Honda at the time. (Electricity is very expensive in CA). Gas has gone up lately (but then, so has PG&E), I haven't run the numbers in recent years. Might be a wash now. Gas an electricity prices vary widely so do the math for your area, but don't ignore any costs. Once you're established a reputation in a company and been there for a while, it is relatively easy to go remote with them. It is always a temptation. The risk is what happens when that job is done and you find yourself in the boonies with no meaningful tech work within hundreds of miles? I was at Sun during the era when they made a big push to get people to give up their offices (save on real estate) and go remote, work from anywhere! It was so tempting to move to Hawaii and keep the silicon valley salary. I'm glad I didn't. I know many people who did. When Sun was over, they found themselves owning farmland in the middle of nowhere, no job and no possibility of getting one in the area. > I do not want to work for a company that does NOT test my technical skills; if they don't verify my skills that means they don't verify others and I'd prefer to work skilled engineers (with exceptions for entry-level or junior engineers). This statement is assuming that short coding challenges measure something relevant to job performance. If everyone agreed that is true, this debate would not exist. We'd all agree it is filtering for the correct skills, we'd all hire the right people. But the fact that it is such a perpetual debate is because a substantial percentage of developers disagree. I have certainly never seen any coding challenge (whether whiteboard or not) that has any relevance to the job. So as an interviewer I don't subject people to it. Precisely. It can't be done. This does assume that the interviewer is an expert in the area and can take that friendly conversation to the necessary depths. Step 1: Step away from Ruby. I loove ruby, it's my first choice for scripting wherever performance doesn't matter. No way around the fact that it very slow though. > California average is 16.06¢ Not sure how they come up with such a number, but California is large and has many electricity providers. But for PG&E in the Bay Area, let me quote from my PG&E electric bill here in hand: Daytime: $0.53476 (delivery) + $0.25069 (generation) = $0.785/kWh Part-peak: $0.28917 (delivery) + $0.10643 (generation) = $0.396/kWh Night: $0.13578 (delivery) + $0.03968 (generation) = $0.175/kWh The cheapest rate is 17.5 cents per kWh, that is late at night (currently after 11pm, soon to be changed to be after midnight). Daytime rate is 78.5 cents per kWh! This is PG&E in the Bay Area. Important context here is that there never was any storm. Shutting power as winds approach hurricane force is very sensible. Here (bay area) this week, the forecast was for winds in the 30mph range with gusts into the 40s. Windy yes, but hardly a storm. The kicker is the winds never arrived. PG&E shutdown was scheduled for noon Wednesday but there no wind at all. So they postponed it to 8pm. At 8pm, no wind either. No further news from PG&E. At 11pm they cut power. Still no wind (maybe gusting to 2mph). Overnight - no wind. Next morning - no wind. Nature really called them out here to highlight it was purely a political move. PG&E postponed the shutdown a few times waiting for the wind but when it never arrived they shut power down anyway. Agreed. I arrived at programming through math (B.S. in Mathematics) and have no love for FP. At the end of the day all software (except hobby projects) is mostly about maintaining it. FP adds unnecessary complexity, abstraction and obfuscations. None of those qualities help code maintenance. > The only way for a human being to be able to survive outside in air hotter than 35C is if the air is dry so it is possible to cool by sweat evaporating. Spend some time in the tropics to easily disprove that misconception. Having grown up in the caribbean where it is often more than 35C (95F) and quite humid, I'm still alive. (Also, never had air conditioning, couldn't afford it.) That's not a comparison of external cloud vs. self hosted though. It is a comparison of different operating models with respect to change control. Either one can exist in both external vs. self-hosted infrastructure. I've been in places where the engineering team plugs in an old PC under a desk somewhere, gives it a public IP address of there's the production server. That's the self-hosted equivalent of the engineering team having full AWS access and any change is a mouse click away. I've also experienced places where any change does take a week or two of approvals even though it is hosted on public cloud. There is a time and place for all approaches. What works best with a three person startup putting up a MVP is quite different from what is best in a very large corporation operating in a regulated environment. Did you file 83b election when exercising at market price? If yes, you already paid the taxes (which were $0). If not, there may be taxable income at vesting periods. Talk to tax professional. I'm certainly not one. Not OP, but also run my own email server, using postfix, since 2012. It is sad that there is such a widespread belief it is impossible to do unless you're google. Decentralization of basic internet services helps everyone, so if you're at all interested and willing to learn, go for it! There are plenty guides on setting up postfix. Follow them, cross reference a few, read the docs and use the various free email test sites to sanity check everything. If you've never done it before, expect to dedicate 2-3 days to this. Ongoing maintenance is approximately nothing. > smartphone-ify Not sure exactly what you meant, but that sounds terrible. On my Nikon DSLR I can adjust just about any setting using physical buttons, very fast, most often without even taking my eye off the viewfinder. The camera UX is optimized for speed and efficiency. On a phone, I'd be scrolling through touch screen menus to do anything. By the time a shot is taken the subject is long gone (unless it's static scenery). Let's Encrypt makes this easy to automate and get notified of any problems on renewal. Agreed, too much monoculture is harmful. Although I've been using Linux since the beginning ('92), I'm installing more BSDs these days because quality is declining in the Linux world (as you well coughed). Small historical timeline correction though: > Things like ZFS, Zones, DTrace, SMF, and Crossbow were locked up inside Sun Solaris for many years Solaris 10 (which contained the bulk of these) came out in 2005 and Open Solaris open sourced the code also in 2005. The timeline is more complex because not everything came in Solaris 10 at once and not everything open sourced at once... but at a high level, most of these technologies were open sourced relatively soon after initial release. (I was at Sun back then and involved with Open Solaris effort.) > We all swapped instantly. Certainly not "all". When chrome came out I tried it a few times over the years, but it had no observable advantage and was (and is) less configurable than firefox so it's clearly inferior on that front. I never switched. I was well aware of the hype around it being faster, but was never able to observe any evidence in my usage/systems. And it was produced by an advertising company so that was always a huge minus. There is no one secret you can google. There is also no need to perpetuate the fear of running your own email. Decentralization of core internet services helps us all, not just the person doing it. So to anyone seriously interested and willing to learn, I highly recommend running your own email servers. If you expect 100% delivery rate, you won't necessarily get that, no matter who is running your email infrastructure. At multiple companies, I've seen email end up in spam even though it is sent from gmail-hosted company account to gmail-hosted company account. So that's the bar you want to meet or beat and beating it is not hard. From ~7 years experience now, I don't observe any problems with email delivery. I don't do anything special. I use postfix, it is well configured and everything works fine. I host several personal domains and a couple small business domains. And by doing so I avoid giving google the power to cut me off from email because some arbitrary ML gone bad. > your free off-the-shelf virus and spam filters suck compared to the big companies seeing billions of messages per day gmail spam filtering is quite bad, in both directions. Legit email goes to spam (even when sent from gmail itself) and spam does get through. The basic open source tools are actually very, very good at it. I get about 0-2 spams a month, everything else is caught by either my postfix configuration or by spamprobe. And I never get legit email in my spam spool. This is a much better success rate than what I observe at my gmail account. When you say San Francisco do you literally mean the city of San Francisco, or the bay area in general? San Francisco is cold and foggy. A day warmer than 65F and brightly sunny is the exception. Also, hardware companies are generally not in San Francisco. Silicon Valley proper (about an hour south of San Francisco) is generally sunny and often warmer than 65F, so can work for you. Still chilly in the winter though. I use an older Sharx camera (I hope the newer ones still have the same features). It supports all the usual cloud and remote access junk, but fortunately none of it is necessary for operation. It does motion detection internally and only records when something happens in the frame. Most importantly, it support ftp uploading these event recordings to a configurable server. I put it on a physically separate network which has nearly nothing else and certainly no internet connectivity in any direction (I see the camera attempting to contact google DNS every now and then). I would never trust any of these cameras, regardless of manufacturer, with internet access no matter how limited. The only other thing on that network is a box which exposes only ftp, so the camera uploads activity to it. Optionally, from a physically separate network you can then pull the videos to some other host which has internet access and upload them elsewhere for remote safekeeping. But yes, it is sad that one needs to know how to set this up just to preserve basic privacy. That's why I stick with the squeezebox ecosystem. Open source server which runs locally. The hardware is long since discontinued (but plentiful and easily available on craigslist etc) and it can never be obsoleted as everything runs locally. That seems like an unfair characterization. The squeezebox ecosystem is my go-to example of how to do it correctly and build a product that respects the consumer. The server is open source (just a bunch of perl) and freely distributed. It runs locally and the players don't need internet connectivity. It can never be obsoleted or killed because everything is local. Sure, the company has long, long-since discontinued the product so they aren't developing updates. That's fair. But they also don't (and can't) do anything to disable existing functionality. I have many squeezebox systems (including a transporter) scattered around the house and they work great, just as they did in 2003 when I bought the first one. More importantly, they will never stop working (other than hardware failure, but I have many spares). My mother, over 90, uses the exact same arrangement which I set up in the mid 90s. Linux, mutt, emacs, fvwm customized to be very simple. Whenever hardware stops working I just need to transfer the setup to a new machine and everything remains identical. It would've been impossible to do this with commercial software as basically nothing has a 25+ year old support life. Because everything is open source, nothing needs to change. > Whether that's true or not, it would be a tough sell to implement a "just use your gut" style hiring process at a major company in 2020. Depends what you mean by "use your gut" but that's not my experience. Currently at a well known public tech company in silicon valley and there isn't any standardized interview process. Every interviewer is free to approach it as they wish and the hiring manager gets to listen to all input and decide. This is a strength. Perhaps (very likely) as a result, this company is also rated highly in diversity. A standardized interview process will inevitably lead to a standardized employee pool, as only the candidates who fit the very narrow profile (willing to memorize endless algorithms they will never need or use in real life) can get in. I should add that my current employer is not, in my experience, unusual. In my ~25 years in the valley, it's how it's always been. I have not worked (and never want to) for the companies which value conformity in hiring above all else (infamously, google). > What would you propose as an alternative? Easy. Just talk to people as would-be peers. They want to find a role they can succeed in. You want to find someone who can succeed in the role. I interview by just talking about their past projects (based on resume). You can't fake your way through a friendly technical dialogue if you haven't done it. (Pre-requisite: the interviewer must be technically competent. This is where many companies miss. Algorithm puzzles won't make up for it.) Also it is important to describe the role and expectations in detail. Nobody (really: nobody) wants to get hired in a role just to be let go in six months. There is no need for elaborate whiteboard algorithm dances which discriminate against everyone who doesn't have the time to memorize every possible question. Just be up front about the requirements and let the candidate decide if it's a match. They know themselves better than you ever will. Here's a ~5ft wide house in Old San Juan, Puerto Rico https://www.atlasobscura.com/places/la-casa-estrecha Preparation and panic are not the same. Do not expect to rely on conveniences like deliveries, they are merely conveniences and can stop. It is very possible to run out access to necessities. I don't believe food itself will be in any significant shortage, but you might not get to it. If you fall sick, you'll need to self-isolate and not leave the house for several weeks. So you need to be ready to do so. Even if you remain healthy, access to supermarkets may have restrictions (see Italy today). While you can get food, you might need to line up for a few hours, increasing your exposure. Best to have a few weeks of food at home for when your area is in this stage. The alternative to preparation is to wait until you need to panic. Not recommended. Most places also deliver, useful particularly now. I needed some office supplies recently and amazon was showing delivery more than a month away. I tried office max and they had it in stock for free overnight delivery. That's a very good summary. Discerning what truly matters is really the mark of experience. And you're right, algorithm memorization doesn't fit in the top-50 of what matters for a software engineer. I went to CMU, enjoyed algorithms classes a lot. In the nearly 30-year career since, I've used that knowledge... never. Not once. It's not about the interview bar being too high. It should be high, mine is. But interviews based on algorithm memorization have the bar in the wrong place, measuring something that has no real-world relevance. Open offices and the extreme micromanagement known as "agile". Both are so toxic to mental health that I had to move away. I haven't really left the industry itself but I've moved away from a pure engineering role (which is my true passion) to a more specialized role which is ok but not as enjoyable. But, I don't have to deal with open offices nor agile, so it's a win. The other aspect that makes me sad is that what we call tech companies today, aren't. Their product isn't tech. Netflix is an entertainment company. Google and FB are advertising companies. And so on. Very few actual tech companies in SV today. I did independent consulting for a while and currently back with a larger company in a roving architect/advisor role so it is similar to consulting. It is nice in that I get to work with all the engineering teams but I greatly miss owning a product and doing hands-on development. > The odd thing about Emacs is that its vastly superior customizability (or malleabilty as the article says) tend to be a trap, for one can spend hours, and days, getting lost in its huge universe and falling into rabbit hole after rabbit hole instead of actually getting stuff done, but I've not yet decided if that's a bad thing or a good one. Investing in tools is generally good ROI, but investing in tools that stand the test of time and won't go away is the best ROI. Yes, I've probably spent a cumulative few weeks customizing emacs. But I've been using it since 1991 and expect to continue using it for the rest of my life. That's as good as it gets for a tool. When I'm forced to use some tool du jour I don't bother spending much any time customizing it because I know it is a passing fad, soon to fade. So why bother. But timeless tools are worth the love. I consider that the concept of hardware RAID became obsolete around 2004 when I switched to zfs. > I miss Sun. They were fun. I miss Sun so much. It was the glory days of Silicon Valley. I wish there was an employer as awesome as Sun around these days. Not at all. The 1918 pandemic was very similar; stay at home, no gatherings, wear masks in public. Some of the articles from then read as if they were written last week. Reading the history about the second and third wave into 1919 as a result of reopening and then re-closing business also makes for interesting and educative reading, recommended. The workflow is just different. With a DSLR the common path is to shoot RAW and do all the processing with software on your computer (Photoshop, DxO, etc). There isn't much of a point in having the camera itself try to do the processing as it'll never be able to outcompete the capabilities (both hardware and software-wise) possible in the desktop software. > I think many companies through the hiring process completely lose sight of what they are actually looking for. Absolutely. There was a topic here about a week ago where one commenter in particular personified this line of thought (sorry I don't have a link to the comment). Paraphrasing, they said that if they very to interview someone they're already working with and know to be a very strong contributor, they'd still subject that person to the technical monkey dance, as you put it, and if they "fail" then they wouldn't be hired. It blew my mind that anyone can think that way. Clearly the interview hazing culture has become so entrenched that the game of the interview has grown to be an entity to itself. We seem to have forgotten the actual goal is to hire good people. Personally if I'm hiring someone I've already worked with, I don't do any interview. What would be the point? There is nothing I can learn in 45 minutes that I don't already know from months/years working together. If I called them up from my contact list is because I already know they're capable. All I need to do is describe the role and job and ask if it is a fit for their career goals at the moment. My daily use phone is a Motorola Razr from 2005. Works great and actually fits in a pocket. "Suburb" is such a broad term so difficult to compare what it means. Your description sounds the exact opposite of suburb to my experience. A suburb area is optimal for young kids as they can go everywhere. Parks, playgrounds, forest trails, movie theaters, everything is within a 10 minute walk or 3-5 minute bike ride. That's what the suburb experience means to me and the life we live right now. In a city (SF/NYC) I couldn't possibly let my On my website I have pages which date back to 1993-94. Still readable just fine. I used to post those links to mailing lists back then and they still get regular hits from people in that community because I've also maintained the URLs constant. The junior developer sees a pattern and thinks why not make this a bit more generic so it handles similar cases. Oh but these cases fit a larger pattern.. and eventually you'll have written yourself an entire framework. This is very valuable, for the experience. Not for the framework, which will never be used. But you should go through it. The mid-career developer knows this from experience and sticks to the minimum necessary to meet the requirements. Fast and efficient in the short term. The senior developer mostly agrees with that but also knows that there is nothing new under the sun and all software ideas repeat. So from experience they can selectively pick the additional implementation work to be done ahead of time because it'll save a lot later even if it's not needed yet. As an aside, this is one of the many reasons why I interview based on discussing past projects and don't care for algorithm puzzles. Unless I specifically need an entry-level developer, I'd prefer to have the person who has written a few silly (in hindsight) complex frameworks and has painted themselves into a corner a few times with overly simplistic initial implementations. That's the person I know I can leave alone and they'll make sane decisions without any supervision. The algorithm puzzle jockey, not so much. > That doesn't excuse Git having an unintuitive UI that makes it very difficult to learn. It has that in common Vim, Emacs, the command line itself... and programming in general. What they also have in common is that once you get used to them they're wonderful tools I can't agree with that. Emacs, UNIX CLI etc are indeed powerful tools with a steep learning curve but they are wonderful once learned. Git? Not so much. Git is not any better than mercurial (to OP: I recommend mercurial) but git is extremely user hostile to an extreme I can't think of any other popular tool ever. Over the decades I've probably used every well-known source control system (and a handful less famous ones) and git is the only one where if I need to do anything out of the ordinary I will always backup the whole tree first because it's 50/50 odds git will go into some inexplicable and unrecoverable state and the code is lost. I've never had that happen with any other source control tool. Kinda defeats the point of source control. I do agree with everyone saying git is a plague we must face so do learn it. I suggest doing so at work where they pay you to do unfun things, that's why they call it a job. For personal/pleasure project I want to enjoy quality tools that are well designed, pleasant to use and don't fight against me - so I use mercurial. That's an insightful concise description of "agile" experience. As an anecdote, I have an acquaintance who is a psychologist in silicon valley and he has mentioned he frequently works with patients suffering from mental health issues related to being subject to "agile" at work. I wish someone would do a proper study on this topic. Personally, agile hasn't driven me to depression but it has made me target roles that avoid it at all cost. Life is too short and precious to suffer through a detailed status report meeting every.single.day. gmail, by so many orders of magnitude.. Email interface designed by people who seemingly have never tried to read email. Threading is completely broken, filtering is broken, compose screen is unusable. At previous companies I've had to use gmail but was able to use a sane email client via IMAP so it was almost ok (although still somewhat broken as gmail doesn't handle IMAP correctly). At current work they disable all access except via the unusable gmail web interface. So definitely gmail is the worst I have to put up with everyday. jira would be a distant second, but no comparison. Genuine programming skill has no correlation to the skill of regurgitating algorithms in a reality-show type setting. Actual development, of real products, isn't done like that. This is the reason why it's so perpetually controversial to put developers through this type of interviews which measure nothing relevant to the job. > Gmail was so groundbreaking when it first came out in 2004. Can't agree with that; I was there, got the tshirt. Literally! I still have a tshirt from the gmail launch in 2004: "Google gave me a gig" (meaning 1 GB of storage). It was mediocre then, terrible now. Hasn't really changed much other than UI tweaks. > They want the mediocre people who are also obedient. The kind of people who can be > told to study an algorithms book, and will do it, and will regurgitate it, as a > show of obedience, mostly, but also mediocre (but not great) intelligence--- > not great, because if they had great intelligence, they wouldn't waste their > time on that kind of activity. Perhaps a bit cynical but there is truth to that. A huge company just needs cogs that can do the job and don't think outside the box much. > The more experience I get, the more I think that most languages are just fine. Quite. Just give me a boring language with a stable ecosystem, mature and extensive tooling and fully understood quirks. That means all the time and effort can be spent building the actual product instead of burning time monkeying around with the shiny-new language. This means that things like Java and PHP (and C in some domains) are nearly universally the correct answer if your goal is to build a product instead of building a resume. According to the linked page, the Jelly 2 is 95mm * 50mm * 17mm. The Palm phone is 97mm * 51mm * 7mm, so it's smaller (particularly a lot thinner) than the Jelly 2. Still, it's wonderful to see more options in the pocket-sized phones!! A vastly under-served market. I bought the Palm phone after it was discussed here a month or so back. Very happy with it, actually fits in my pocket and I can't feel it's there. I remember enjoying watching Halley's Comet as a young astronomy geek kid, seeing it with just my eyes (didn't own a camera or telescope). I can't see neowise with my eyes at all. I've taken really nice photos of it, but that's with a 500mm lens on an equatorial mount and long exposures. So IIRC Halley was a much better show. > the profession of software development is a victim of a hostile takeover from product managers, while pushing engineers out of control of their domain. This is a good observation, it summarizes very well my feeling on what is wrong with the industry today. In the 90s in many (most?) companies where the product was tech, engineering was in charge of engineering decisions. This meant that feature requests had to pass a sanity filter which would discard or transform ideas which would compromise the soundness of the security, stability, maintainability and other core architectural considerations. Today, engineering is reduced to fungible user story jira ticket implementors with no decision making power so the more abstract (to PMs) work such as security will get no attention except as a crisis when it generates bad PR. (source: working as a security-focused eng/architect since the 90s, on both product engineering and infosec sides.) > It's just a job. It is in fact just a job. Can be enjoyable, but that's what it is. Losing sight of this can lead to being exploited. > I'm not sure about this. For instance, I'm typing this message in a text box in my browser and I don't have access to vim keybindings. There are many cases where this happens (other example: google docs). But both in this box and in google docs (and so many more places) you have access to the basic emacs C-* cursor movement and line manipulation bindings. One should really know both vi and emacs style basic movement bindings. Both work in many places, sometimes it's one or the other. > ...mostly GlobalStar. Spot X and Garmin InReach are the two big ones These are different though. SPOT works on globalstar which has gaps in coverage, particularly large parts of the Pacific. A coverage map is here: https://www.findmespot.com/en-us/products-services/coverage-... The inReach works on iridum and claims 100% world-wide coverage. Personally I carry an EPIRB for the boat, a PLB on the lifejacket and an inReach for texting. Cheap insurance. Even on ten year old hardware single digit ms latency in Java server apps wasn't very special. Java (JVM) is an extremely performant platform so I always find odd how a meme has somehow built up on it being otherwise. True that one can end up writing terribly inefficient Java code, but one can write terrible code in any language. If I need to write server code where performance is particularly important and I don't want to deal with the cost (in debug time and dev expertise) of C or C++, Java would be my first choice. Also I'm of the school of thought that performance always matters. Autoscaling in cloud providers sure makes it easy to scale horizontally to make up for slow server code, but once you reach certain size, go have a chat with the finance team about the AWS bill. I had a friend who took 4-5 months off unpaid leave every year at our large enterprise tech company. He had no dependents and was sufficiently independently wealthy that he didn't particularly care if HR threw a fit and didn't want him back. But he always came back, no issues. I always wanted to do the same but I needed the income so didn't dare try. Which is exactly how the companies want it. > i'm surprised that people are surprised by this. While I'm not surprised per se (seen it enough here and in the industry), it does make me sad and worried about the industry. This short-term thinking is starting to break everything. How many things sold today depend on some smartphone app? What is the chance that said app will be available or able to run in ten years? Thirty years? I'll bet big money on zero percent chance. Adding a dependency is like adopting a puppy. Sure it seems free.. but it's not. It may be the best thing to do, but go in with eyes open on the costs. Something like left-pad, absolutely never worth it. Something like OpenSSL, basically always worth it (warts and all). Everything in the middle, evaluate carefully. When adopting a dependency you're adopting all their development practices. Do they break backward compatibility every minor release because compatibility is for the boring people? Never address CVEs? Every additional dependency constrains your future self by a little bit. These add up. > Rule of thumb for a boat motor is 1hp for each 40-50lbs of weight. For a planing hull, maybe? Displacement hulls (sailboats, trawlers, etc) don't need (and can't make use of) much hp. It doesn't take much to get to hull speed, and basically no amount of power will make it go significantly faster. For example my 8000lb sailboat has an 18hp engine (~440lb/hp) and it could easily reach hull speed with a smaller engine in most conditions. Been running my email infrastructure for IIRC about 8-9 years (with postfix). Spam isn't much of a thing, which perpetually surprised me but there it is. Some background: before I ran my own email server I relied on my ISP for receiving email for my domains and I was getting hundreds (even thousands) of spam messages a day. I used spamprobe to classify the spam away, very effectively. But that ISP must've had a very lenient smtp configuration. With my own email server I enforce everything postfix supports enforcing at the time of the connection itself. Watching the postfix logs, I get multiple spam attempts per second but all of them are rejected before the connection attempt is accepted by postfix. Actual spam that gets through that is minimal. About zero to five per week for me. I'm still using spamprobe to classify them just out of inertia, but the volume of spam is so low it isn't necessary. As to outgoing email getting junked, it's harder to have exact statistics on this but it has never been an issue for me in the sense of not getting a response from someone, so they must've received it. You do need to configure SPF, DKIM, etc but aside from that, it's not a big deal. There are sites which help verify your configuration, use them. Every time an smtp thread pops up on yc the difficulty of running your own email infrastructure is overstated. Of course I wouldn't recommend it to completely non-technical people, but if you have any interest in internet standards, just do it. Own your infrastructure, help us all decentralize email and don't be the next victim of "gmail locked me out of my life and I have no one to call for help". > the configuration is very arcane at times and monolithic; For my needs it seems quite modular. I have one ~/.mutt directory with separate muttrc files for every email account (10+) and within each account I use folder-hook to have separate (many are shared) config files. Arcane is more subjective, but I like it. That's mildly annoying indeed, but I just press v and select the html version in those cases. As you say, not mutt's fault. > It is not that business form, but some ppl use colorful format to emphasize some text, which basically gives same text in the email, which makes the reader (in plain text) easily miss that part while skimming. I consider that a feature... On some email lists I'm on, there are endless complaints of how some people don't like some elses font/color/size etc. Using mutt I don't see any of that distraction, I just see the text. That's a win in my book.