I gnu I had a great quip about his property and identity being open sourced, but can't quite put it together. I hope I don't come off rude, but I don't see anything here that I couldn't get on oDesk. Maybe less. On oDesk, I can pick a language. Here, you don't mention what your skills are. So I could send you 3 problems, one in Lua, one in ColdFusion, and the third a distributed map reduce job for MongoDB, and assume you do them all? Given the grammar and the names on the About Us, I assume I'm paying cheap off-shore rates? What I'm seeing here is a group of folks who want to tackle outsourced work, but aren't big enough or experienced enough to take on full projects. The attempt is to brand it in such a way to capture some of the startup dollars out there. However in reality, it's just the same kind of freelancing that's been going on for 15 years. Click the "raw" link and it's a readable wrapping text-only mode. Why did it take so long? Small team, SDK limitations, funding? I can't imagine that porting an Obj-C code base to Java would take as long as it did. (Doesn't matter how long original code base took; that was development, whereas porting code is more "manufacturing") Not trolling, just curious. Original iPad being junk? There's tons still in service. As a matter of fact, I'd imagine most who upgraded to the 2 or 3 did so due to additional features (camera, Retina), not the RAM. Also, how do I upgrade the RAM in a Galaxy Tab or a Kindle Fire? I think the lack of upgradability is endemic to the tablet form-factor. Would any tablet manufacturer? What do you mean by easily? Recycling is a very industrial operation; it's more than just the neat little recycling containers you see in the suburbs. If iFixit shows you how to do it, you can be guaranteed that professional recyclers can do it. Especially if it's a material of value: they meticulously disassemble dishwashers all the time for the copper contained within. tldr; recycling != recycling bin "Nothing"? I assume you're referring to phones and tablets. You do remember that Apple makes more than iPhones and iPads, right? Despite the attention the new rMBP gets, they are still selling iMacs, Mac Minis, and MBPs that are easily upgraded. Obsolete in 2-3 years? No, those would be Android devices, where a phone 12 months old often can't run or doesn't have an upgraded version of Android OS. However, the iPhone 3GS, released 3+ years ago, will run iOS 6. I don't know of a single product Apple makes that's obsolete in a year: obsolete doesn't mean "doesn't have latest and greatest features". 3GS phones run pretty much all the apps a 4S runs; ditto on the original iPad compared to a new one. Cute to quote a troll comment. However, you can see it's a MacBook Air - those start at $1000, as it appears to be an 11-inch model. Moreover, the article never mentioned being unable to afford; he mentions lack of space. Be fair and link to the review: http://www.ifixit.com/Teardown/Kindle-Fire-Teardown/7099/2#s... Main positives are for ability to remove the back side and use of Phillips screws: big pluses. However, primary iPad issues: glued on front glass, RAM, persistent storage: all true for Kindle as well. I wonder what % of HN readers are totally confused by this? 50%? 75%? Google does overwhelmingly support one party over another, and was the 5th largest donor to Obama's 2008 campaign: http://www.cbsnews.com/8301-505123_162-46840313/google-polit... Probably had nothing to do with the takedown, as YouTube says they take down everything with a DMCA claim attached. Still, you can't dispute the fact that the parties involved aren't objective: the money says otherwise. By title? By summary? Surely not by parsing the audio. If automated, why so quick to take down, when there's videos that have been up for years that are the original recordings? Why trolling? If we criticize censorship of Kim Dotcom or Julian Assange, and express anger, is that trolling? If Westboro Baptist or Glenn Beck abused the DMCA to silence their critics, we'd rightly be waving pitchforks. No different to criticize what appears to be an attack on free speech using the DMCA. Regardless of your political stance, if there appears to be an agenda to silence someone on the one side, then it's fair to label those on the other side as crazy and evil. This reminds of a kid who got totally destroyed in a fight: both eyes are swollen and black, his nose is broken and bleeding, he can barely talk through his swollen lip, and he has a chipped tooth. Then the teacher tells the other guy to apologize and shake your hand. You walk away thinking, "I showed him ..." What % of Android tablets in circulation are the Nexus 7? I'm sure cyclinghacker2's friends are referring to the Galaxy Tab, the Xoom, etc. We're not talking about making generic innovations in your products similar to the iPhone. We're talking specific non-innovative features: white handset on a green background icon, for example. A dock using the same color scheme. Identical curves, with a chrome border on a black case. A home button on the center bottom. Many consumers buy the iPhone "because it's iPhone" - they can't even tell you half of its innovations. So you left out d, which is what Samsung did: d) Build a device that usurps the panache of the iPhone I suspect that's the result of over-hiring (giving a $150K senior position to someone who should be junior). I think it's less a matter of experience than laziness: I've met too many CS majors and/or devs with 10 years of experience who write this code. They get lazy, complacent, and confident, and never grow. On the other hand, the OP has a hunger: I suspect he'll continue to grow if he stays hungry. You don't magically write better code by sitting in a desk for 5 years: you write better code by seeking growth. I think you'll agree that short URLs and names are hard to come by, and will be more so over time. Plus, the push for short names is getting out of control. I'm sorry, but a name like xzb.ly is retarded, whereas GoodCompanyName.com isn't. Most of the time when I hear about an app, I'm at my computer. So I type in the full URL to get to that link or go to the App Store's slow search. Half the time there's several search result, and I'm fighting with iPhone's spell checker if it's a cutesy name or have to remember the company's naming scheme. (For example, I searched for "Flight Track" instead of "FlightTrack" and received tons of incorrect results.) Another good use: connecting the physical world with digital when it's not practical to set up a short URL (think a church having a silent auction, with in-depth descriptions listed on the website) Selling your product by putting flyers on people's cars: yes, totally original. I probably wouldn't respond this way, but: if I see you touching my car, my personal property, and you're not wearing a law enforcement uniform, it would be well within my right to respond as if you're stealing or vandalizing my car. I can't speak to SF, but in many areas, when the police respond to the physical altercation, they'd be asking me if I want to press charges. tl;dr for the flyer text: "We weren't good enough to get into YC, but want to piggyback off of pitch day. Please please please visit our site! kthxbai" So any pitch day attendees who didn't like this, you know what to do: while they didn't get caught in the act, pretty sure posting on HN will allow you to press charges as they've confessed to the crime. My recommendation: the judge should order the culprit to work 6 months at a non-social-media startup with a real business model. As it's sponsored by CloudFlare, I suspect it makes for a good Case Study for them. Second paragraph: "Yesterday we announced the much-anticipated sequel to Plants vs. Zombies. That’s very exciting. A lot of people have been asking about it. The game will come to fruition in the spring of 2013." I do feel there's a legit subtext here: we're going to see a ton of startups operating at a micro level. The culture, and daresay the economy, of SV that is based on big dreams and big VC may not always have enough wind behind it. I don't think that time has come, but I don't believe that the winners will always come out of SV, but we'll see more or more SaaS apps built by 1 or 2 people in Kansas or the Ukraine that generate a nice $200-300K revenue stream. I'd like to know how many are solely focusing on Android development, with no website or iOS app to drive synergistic use. (Facebook app is worthless without the network effect from the website, and I wonder how well Angry Birds would do if you erase iOS success) "illegitimate patents": perhaps, but like others have pointed out, it sounds like your beef shouldn't be with Apple, but with patent system. If Apple has illegitimate patents, I suspect some of the 24,000 patents Google acquired from Motorola Mobility are as well. Please repeat this quote whenever Google utilizes their 17,000 patents (plus 7000 pending) acquired from Motorola Mobility. Oh wait ... http://www.telegraph.co.uk/technology/google/9488453/Google-... Took a look at the home page, did a double take when I saw the "FU Score". Maybe that resonates poorly with potential users? I get that we're supposed to use cutesy Web 2.0 names, but if what makes a hacker smile doesn't lead to revenue, it has no place. Thank you for having your home link on your "blog." domain link to your home page, and not the front of your blog. It amazes me how many startups supposedly know how to build a great product, yet all seem to get this wrong. He lists 3 startup successes: Instagram, Flickr, and Groupon. He talks about their famous pivots. Problem is, these companies pivoted into the kinds of companies that we don't need. Groupon's business model has been debated ad infinitum, and they're trading at 1/5 of their IPO. Instagram and Flickr: free services that could likely never charge, acquired by big services for the eyeballs. As long as acquisition is considered the exit, you're doomed. Yes, there are winners, but that's just a race to the bottom. If your business can't succeed without VC and without eventual acquisition, you don't have a business, you have a gamble. Neat programming != a business, but charging for solving a real need does. +1 on this. I manage a user group for the primary language I use, and in over 3 years of full-time freelancing, I've never been without work. If an OS update breaks a text editor, pretty sure that a sign of an OS failure. I have certainly had a few failed projects, as I've taken on too much work before. As some of the commenters to the OP pointed out, this is a challenge that many freelancers face. Indeed, as with any mistake, we learn and grow. That said, I feel you are calling me out in a public forum is a bit inappropriate. To say I didn't produce a single line of code is a bold statement. As you called me out in a public forum, I'd be interested in discussing publicly. As your statement has the potential to cost me hundreds of thousands of dollars over my career, I realize personal litigation is an option, but I'm a civil person who would prefer healthy discourse, even when my character is attacked. However, that doesn't seem possible, as I have no clue who you are. I have chosen not to hide behind a made-up identity. You, however have the username "hackernews": I assume you are an employee of YCombinator? I doubt it, and to that extent, your username has the potential to be a libelous misrepresentation of Paul Graham's brand. If you do not have the professional integrity to identify yourself, feel free to let me know who you are at a ColdFusion conference; I am a speaker at many of them. Surely a coincidence, but with a variety of titles shown, not a single Ruby or Rails title. Read the thread referenced in the article: https://bitcointalk.org/index.php?topic=105818.0e Bitfloor admits to earning about $2100 a month. So it's a totally unregulated market, and it'd be easy to increase your earnings by 100x this month. During the time the wallet was left in an unencrypted location, just happened to get hacked. I can't call the Bitfloor owner a thief, but reading his posts about looking to the future, and not to the past, no claim of a police report being filed, and the generic term "We got hacked!" make for some obvious conclusions. I'm a manager of a user group (not Ruby or Rails, but ColdFusion) but when we have celebs in audience, I always default to them. Members have purchased their books, and read their blogs; they respect them more than they respect me or the speaker (usually me, managers commonly speak at smaller communities). Should they be pricks? No. But that's a question for the universe to deal with; as for our group, we like the celebs. (Ruby world's Katz's are CF's Camdens, Nadels, and Fortas - same difference...) Having listened to Yahuda on various podcasts and whatnot, I get that he doesn't keep his mouth shut. Sometime's he's a douche, othertime's he's the smartest dude in the room and should be listened to. If you are a UGM and didn't expect this, maybe you should decline Yahuda's chance to speak.. his personality isn't exactly a secret, just saying. tl;dr pricks will be pricks; experts ditto. Take the good with the bad, and research celebs. Several active conferences. A thriving open source community. ASP classic is a dead product; All three CF engines released new versions in the last year, with support for REST, WebSockets, updated ORM support, etc. While you'll probably never see it used in YC because it's not "cool", there's tons of it in Fortune 500 and the private sector. I like the Chrome reader; it lets you read offline. Also, for programming titles, I actually prefer using a second monitor: more screen than a device, plus ability to copy and paste code is nice. First paragraph: "In Part 1, we looked at the code of two web services that implement an authentication web service. One written in Java, and one written in Go. It’s time to beat up on them a little bit." http://boundary.com/blog/2012/09/13/comparing-go-and-java/ Not many that are general, but tons that are language specific. I've found that language specific ones often cover relevant topics, even if it's not your language (such as TDD or DI). Many have shows that are completely off subject matter (I learned of PhoneGap for the first time on a .NET show) In my rotation: (.NET) .NET Rocks, Hanselminutes (one of the hosts on This Developers Life), Deep Fried Bytes, Herding Code (Ruby) Ruby Rogues, Ruby 5 (5 minute news, 2x/week), Ruby Show (seems to be on hiatus) (JavaScript) JavaScript Jabber (sister of Ruby Rogues), JavaScript Show (same hosts as Ruby Show - also on hiatus) There's a bigger question here. I get why diego was flabbergasted by the default, and I also hear legitimate claims that the documentation should have been read. But what I want to know is: Why are MongoDB advocates in such a bad mood? It's legit to criticize a language or a database. However, it seems to me that when MongoDB gets involved, the tone is far more aggressive and defensive. What's up with that? It's just software, bits and config files. It's not like someone called your mom a harlot. Here's what I think. New developers, for a long time, have come into the industry and become overwhelmed with everything they need to learn. Let's take typical database servers. Writing a SELECT is easy enough, but to truly be an expert you have to learn about data writing operations, indexing, execution plans, triggers, replication, sharding, GRANTs, etc. As it's a mature technology, you start out barely an apprentice, with all these experienced professionals around you. In recent years, software development has really been turned on its head. We're not building apps using the same stack we've used for a long time: OO + RDBMS + view layer + physical hardware. The younger the technology, the better, it seems. In theory, a 3 year developer and a 20 year developer are now pretty equal when we're talking about a technology that's been around 2-3 years. That wouldn't be true if we were dealing with say, OO design patterns. (Even when new languages come along, you still get to keep your experience in the core competencies.) Attacks on these new technologies are perceived as an assault on this new world order, and those who have walked into being one of the "newb elite" respond emotionally to what they see as a battle for the return to the old guard. Am I totally off base here? I'm not terribly old: 35. Been doing web development as a career since 1999. More relevant, is my experience. I didn't come in when Java came out. I started (1997-1998) with some high-level dynamic web languages: ASP classic, ColdFusion (To this day, I still do CF - I'm a CF user group manager and I speak at CF conferences). Building HTML and JavaScript since 1996 (GeoCities, HotDog, and HomeSite). Nerded around with programming 1995-1997 in high school (TI Basic, Pascal, and Qbasic) In the days when I started web development, a lot of folks were still monkeying around with Perl and flatfiles. I can't really speak to early days of Java: until 2000, didn't really use it. ColdFusion 6 went from C++ to Java, at which point CF devs ran on the JVM and could target it. From the beginning I was a consumer of RDBMSes. Started with Access and moved on to SQL Server. There wasn't a need to know the full DB, only the pieces you needed for CRUD. Perhaps for newbs that has changed, and they have to learn the full SQL administrative experience. Personally I doubt that. Do some db migrations in Rails: you don't even need to know what SQL engine you're running on. (A good thing, IMO, but still means a lesser body of knowledge) Good point that a lot of products try so hard to be the "new sexy" that they suggest an inaccurate comparison, or at best, implement a subset of what they're trying to replace. Very true and wise. As a "mid-guard" developer, it's a fight between "get off my lawn" and "pay attention, lest you become old and irrelevant". I like noSQL, but I feel that Mongo has made some sacrifices to move to the front. Given that performance, I think plenty of new devs have sold into it, and get upset easily at challenges. Maybe they'd have a different response were they committed to Riak or CouchDB. Great example of why building an app != a startup. You should email all users, and post a public apology on your site or blog. If you were a company, you'd have insulation against lawsuits. Two nerds mean you and your family's assets are at risk; launching an app with such a spectacular security hole seriously puts the two of you and your families in danger. Sure. Most responsible lower-middle class or poor families can't afford an iPad, but something in the $99-300 range is doable. This is the trajectory that smart phones went: I see tons of people with Android Crickets. As others have pointed out, this should have no bearing on Apple's success: I've never met someone who wanted a MacBook Pro who changed their mind because of a $299 laptop at WalMart. My other take: no. Highly customized Android tablets will (Kindle Fires and Nook tablets). Most users don't root them; they use them as the walled gardens they're designed to be. Pure Android devices will continue to be a minority. (OP's article suggests this, with Fire's at 50% of "Android" tablet market) To me, a Kindle Fire is as much an "Android" tablet as a Nexus 7 is a "Linux" tablet. I think there's a ton of room at the bottom. There was a time when DVD players and home computers were out of the reach of the poor or lower middle class. Most (responsible) people can't afford a $500+ tablet, but the promise of tablet computing still applies to them. It's a lie to say that the promise of tablet computing can only be accomplished in a $500+ package. There's tons of room for tablets that are $250 or less - see all the "low end" phone providers that now have Android offerings. iOS has had unified search prior to Siri. (iOS 3) I know we've heard over and over about medical bankruptcies, I don't think that's the issue in most filings. It's typical for a family of 4 to have 2 new car payments, tens (if not hundreds) of thousands in student loan debt, a $300K mortgage, $20K or more in credit card debt, and all the costs of kids (soccer dues, etc). How long can a family like that do without income or at best lose half? Probably 2-3 months, tops. That's what causes bankruptcy. Not really. Siri wasn't introduced until iOS 5, and even then, would only run on one version of the 3 (3GS/4/4S) iPhones that could run iOS 5. I'm sure if they release a 7" iPad we'll see a bump. I'm totally confused that the author totally ignored the upcoming event on October 23 where it will be announced: http://www.reuters.com/article/2012/10/12/us-apple-miniipad-... I use a little obscene language myself, but there's nothing cool or enlightening about it. Any site built around it is at best noisy, but more like puking all over the screen. Obviously this is on open source stuff, but I'd don't think it'd reflect positively with a prospective client or employer. See if there's a job-specific mailing list for the language you're interested in. Get involved: speak at user groups and conferences. If possible, step up and manage. You'll get work sent your way, and once you've built up a reputation (like when people come up to you at conferences and know your name but you don't know theirs), you can often drop the idea of needing work on Twitter and get a good response. This is a problem with the .gov sites. Forget the shortening issue; that any site would happily redirect anything is nuts. I get they're doing it for tracking purposes, in which case, would it be that hard to whitelist the redirect URLs? Tons has been written about Netflix's architecture, and they're down as well. I believe Amazon isn't being totally transparent. Noticed that Rackspace was down for a bit - I presumed they're getting hammered on their WWW as people are considering an infrastructure switch? I tend to agree, but sometimes 140 characters come across as too emotionally charged, so imagine two words. Hence, "WPEngine sucks", which seems a bit harsh. Several recent articles could be summarized as "Founders dumb", "VC stupid", "SV sucks". Because it's not what the cool kids are using. I was at a conference where pud spoke. As for using a "startup" worthy language versus what you feel most comfortable in, he said (more or less a quote), "98% of all web sites fail, and yours probably will too, so might as use the language you want and are most productive in" Pretty much every open source project that has succeeded has been the result of fat wallet corporate backing. I'm sure someone will offer a counterexample, but for the most part, hackers have to eat, and I haven't seen the "donate" model really work out. However, this is cool: it shows that open source isn't anti-commercial, it's pro-freedom. I keep thinking this will be a bit antitrust concern in future years. I'm not even going to get into the FTC's recommendation to sue over patents: http://www.washingtonpost.com/business/ftc-staff-said-to-for... 1) To make use of many Android device features, you typically are required to have a Google account. (Ditto with the iPhone, but it's a bigger deal the more you control the market) 2) The pressure exerted on Aliyun 3) By default, Google search in the browser. How long before there's pressure for a "search engine ballot" screen? This was more true 2 years ago. I think they are trying to capture back some of that "mass market" where people expect a cheap or free phone as opposed to the high end where we are used to paying $200-400: http://www.apple.com/iphone/compare-iphones/ (4: free, 4S: $99) What was the federal-state-local funding model like then? I know most municipalities continue to depend on federal funding, and I can see the US government using this (I recall a similar thing a few years ago around legal drinking ages) I'm sure the average share holder cares more about a rounding error of a settlement than the departure of a major executive, iPhone 5 stock levels, or the uncertainty of legal battle fought on many fronts. Romney already declared he was done running for public office if he lost, even before the election's end. I'm sure that has more to do with his fading into the sunset. Romney never stood on his own. He was the anti-Obama for Republicans. Like a girl's looking for a guy to cheat with to get back at her boyfriend, the Republican party said, "Meh. You'll do." He never had any strong qualities, such as extreme faith views, or TEA Party ideologies. He's said he's done seeking public office. As a result, there's no reason for anyone to continue to "Like" him, as he serves no purpose for them. I agree that it's all the same. I think it feels more pronounced now giving the more personal (yet dehumanized) nature that Twitter and Facebook have taken since 2008. A few months ago Samsung lost $10B in market value when it was rumored Apple was sourcing parts to a competitor: http://www.reuters.com/article/2012/05/16/us-samsung-chips-i... Maybe not if you're living in an apartment in San Francisco. However, if you're in an Eastern Bloc country or India, a few hundred USD per month can radically change your life. So even abysmal returns to me would be success to someone else. When you're poor and looking at the prosperity of the West, you don't care if you break the Internet. The "HN" ethos tends to reward those who go against the odds: founders who jumped off a cliff financially, teams working crazy hours with too few employees, working a full time job while bootstrapping, trying to have a family life, etc. In the end, none of that matters: you either ship good stuff, or you don't. However, whether you have a full-time job or are dealing with the time-suck that is high school, we're here to support, sympathize, and empathize, so it's all relevant. Glad you don't let it get to you. Keep it up: I suspect you've contributed more to the hacker world at your age than the haters twice your age. Maybe a good rule of thumb: When someone complains about a Show HN that links to Github, post their own Github profile, or STFU? :-) Many didn't like posting the age in the title. Yeah, no one ever words their HN submissions to be inflammatory and get to front page, right? I'll take a million hackers showing their projects and trying to win brownie points with their age than a single freakin smart phone troll blog post any day of the week. Thank you for this article. I personally feel that small teams (in most cases, one person) building high quality SaaS apps and creating a generous income ($100-300K/year) will become more common, and is more likely to "win" than the home run, VC model. Having been in that situation from time to time, I've sold stuff. Most of it fairly current technology: SSD drives, iPads, etc. I also pickup quick projects: $500-$2000 projects that can be completed on the side in under a week. Hit up Craigslist. (assuming you're in an area where this is relevant) Not always the highest quality work, but you'll find a lot of quick $$ things there. Managers would prefer a master, not recruiters. Recruiting requires throwing everything at the wall that remotely looks like a fit (I know .NET, am not a master, but it's on my LinkedIn - every freaking unsolicited recruiter contact I get is for .NET) Also, if they can get a novice in there, there's a chance they can pay less yet bill the client the same (talking on w2 contracting here) I tried signing up as an entrepreneur: after doing Twitter login, the modal form does nothing when I click the submit button. No waiting spinner, nothing from the browser. Just sits there. Perhaps your back-end is getting hammered? At least give me some feedback if it's AJAX. I waited, gave up, returned to HN, and there's a pretty good chance I'll forget about the site unless it gets huge (not that I matter, but pretty sure I'm typical) You do see the same blogs over and over on this site, so maybe. However, there are a good number of people who browse the new page, so perhaps that explains it. Perhaps, but why is there an attitude that doctors are evil and that all of them are so well off that we shouldn't care what happens? Seems to me that's the prevailing attitude. They're continually getting pinched: Tens of thousands for malpractice insurance. Hundreds of thousands in debt just to get to the point where they can practice. Seems reasonable if you have a good upside, but that upside keeps getting pressed on. I don't see how that can continue without serious reform in the other direction (tort limits and forgiveness of student debt for medical school) Typically you won't have your app's UI on your server in a PhoneGap app. You'll include the UI in the app, and what's on the server is data services. It's not that you can't do what you described, but if your app is little more than a browser, you increase the odds of being rejected. Most (all?) open source licenses place no limitation using the license and selling the source code. I see a lot of folks jumping to explain away this article. My opinion is that a lot of the HN crowd believe that they are disruptors, bucking the trends. As a 35 year old married guy in Houston, reading HN tends to give me the idea that if I'm not in my early 20s and willing to drop it all and move to SF and work for at least 1/2 of market rate for a funded company building a social product that focuses on traction as opposed to revenue ... then my ship has sailed. Articles like this are a nice reality check. What databases do you use in RDS? RDS isn't a database, it's hosted MySQL, SQL Server, or Oracle. The idea of my time having variable value is a bit scary (trading at a bit over $12 currently, but I'm not sure what will happen when the payout drops soon). Then again, that's what working for a VC-backed startup is: the possibility that my development effort might not pay off. That said, the startup has significant potential, whereas working for Bitcoins will not likely have the upside to justify the risk. First off, best of luck with your project. Secondly, kudos on writing the post-mortem, as I know it takes some guts to own a "failure". I think, however, the need to write something like this speaks to an incorrection assumption: you need a "launch". Of course, TC and HN can give you a nice bump in traffic and even signups. However, in the long run, this really doesn't accomplish much for you. It gives you the kind of traffic that will likely leave and move on to the next article, skewing your metrics. There's certainly qualified prospects in there, but it's hard to decipher with all the noise. Again, the concept of a "launch" speaks to poor business models. It really benefits businesses where the word "traction" is more important than "revenue". Build a business that provides a service that others will pay for and grow as fast as the business can bear, bringing in those visitors that are truly valuable to you. Perhaps, but he did call this post ".. a failed HN launch" :-) I've never thought of HN as a marketing platform. It's a place for Hackers (perhaps the "news" fails to encompass the full site) to discuss PG's concept of hacking entrepreneurs. Far too many Show HNs target developers. Even awesome code won't automatically scale because the developer is a genius. The idea of premature optimization applies to architecture and infrastructure as well. I feel you, but there's some serious dicks in the open source community as well. It seems the same behaviors somehow have different meaning if they're attached to a company that it's popular to dislike. A one-day stock price decrease isn't the news. Zynga was in a very special place at a very special time. Social gaming had an amazing stretch of months, but that time seems to have passed, at least in terms of being on fire. Zynga's relationship with Facebook is really the only thing that set them apart. Innovative games? They took the same game and kept reskinning it. When that fizzled out, they began copying other games wholesale. (lol at a title of theirs I saw recently: "Scramble with Friends") They're not a gaming company, but did a pretty good job of looking like one and getting paid in the process. However, going public was dumb. They should have piled up cash and kept it all to themselves. Going public is meant for companies that are capable of being in it for the long haul. Not for companies that have figured out how to be successful in an industry that didn't even exists two years prior. Zynga can probably transition into other areas, like mobile games, online gambling, etc. However, they are just one of many in that space. They have no secret sauce or magic. They can probably turn a profit, but nothing that can bring their stock price back to where it was. The only ones who care how Zynga does are the crazy ones that hold ZNGA. Otherwise, they're just another gaming company right? If you do hold ZNGA, well, that sucks. Not a "sad set of circumstances" suck. More like "I blew my money on a Vegas weekend" suck. See my comment got down voted, and rereading it, I can see why. I wasn't saying that all that everyone in the open source community is a dick, but rather, a person can be a dick no matter who they work for. Nothing intrinsic about who they work for, or whether they're part of the OSS community. However, there seems to be a confirmation bias when it's a company we're predisposed to dislike. I think people are missing the biggest takeaway: everyone wants to get rich writing Rails apps in a weekend that really don't contribute, that our brightest minds are being wasted. Rather than creating things that are truly innovative, we're barely iterating on things that were barely iterations to being with. What a cute little startup name. How the hell do I pronounce it? I wasn't picking on Rails specifically, and I do really agree with DHH on selling as opposed to "social traction". You get to a very real point (kinda counteracts what I literally said, but gets to the heart of the point I was trying to make): don't play the startup lottery. Real apps, the apps you generate real revenue on, are those that don't require Series A. There's also real people behind shows like Jerry Springer and Honey Boo Boo. Doesn't man they're not crappy.