Interesting peaks. A year ago, when I was developing a retro Pacman for cellphones (J2ME) as a university project, I decided to use a text file to store maps. It was before I knew about emacs picture-mode, and I was working on Windows, so I actually used MS Excel for the job. You resize the cells to make them square, insert a formula that will rewrite all cells from a given row into a single string (so you could then just copy a column with those strings and paste directly into Notepad, or something), and then you can use convenient navigation with arrows, tab and ENTER to create the map (also filling entire row or column by one mouse drag was handy). Moreover, if you add "conditional formatting", you can make all different tiles appear with different colors and font styles (like walls with dark background or pickups colored in gold, green, etc.). It's a 2-minutes-to-do, poor's man map editor for tileset-based games :). I often do branch prediction when chatting on IM's, especially with people who type slowly. For example, I ask "How did your exam went?", and before getting the answer, I type (without sending) "Sorry to hear that, but hey, you'll have another chance next week." In general, I just quickly think about possible answers, select the most probable one and type in my response without waiting. Then I get answer from the other person, and most likely send my text immediately. Most of the time, branch prediction works great and it's a big chat optimization. If it fails, it is often of because the other person answered in a way, that my prepared sentence won't fit grammatically (I just edit it), or asked for clarification (I then CTRL+X my response for later reuse and write some clarification instead). I think I've realized it when I started to extensively use Skype chat, which (as opposed to - for example - IRC) shows that a person is typing. When I'm asked a question and then I see that the other person is typing something, I wait with my answer, expecting a clarification or follow-up statement from the person I talk to. I guess others do that too, so I consciously avoid branch-prediction typing on Skype in order to actually get any answer from the other person. Wow... I'm sitting here, mentally mapreducing the HN RSS, barely awake, and then this news item pops up, I load the page and I'm like: "...ee... WHAT?". Then I got flooded by the wave of excitement and pleasant emotions. Awesome idea! :). Though I'm too excited to go to sleep now :(. I learned about Dropbox exactly the way slide 28 shows - heard about it from random source, tested, felt happy and started forcing my friends to use it (ie. to coordinate work for university projects). And the funny thing about those "Dozens and dozens of cloud storage companies" that existed prior to Dropbox (as slides 6 and 7 tell)... personally I don't know anyone who knew about any of those companies. I didn't know any of them untill today and for years I was pretty sure that Dropbox guys were the first ones to get that idea (or at least to get it working). And they did a great job with it. I can imagine reporters using ear cameras. As far as I remember, there was even a scene on Star Trek: Generations movie, when journalists used something similar in principle: http://www.ex-astris-scientia.org/gallery/factfiles/federati... and http://www.ex-astris-scientia.org/gallery/factfiles/federati... If you could look through a (linear) polarizing filter oriented at 45 degrees from the vertical, you could kill off most of LCD displays. Unfortunately, sunglasses with polarizer are usually polarized at the wrong angle, so you have to tilt your head to see the effect (black screens). Sorry for that, I'll be more enter-aware in the future. > The answer to online advertising isn't to hit more people, it's to hit the right people in the right way. Still, it sounds to me like doing a carpet-bombing to eliminate one building. At least in case of non-AdWords advertisements. It might be a problem with my assumptions. Could you elaborate on the "people do want to see ads" part, please? Personally, I'm having a hard time imagining why people would (actively) want to see (on-line) adverts. Thanks for the stats. I didn't realize that AdBlock (and the like) is so unpopular (guess what happens when only people you talk to are either geeks or people who almost doesn't use computer at all :) ). Also, this report you've mentioned is... intriguing. With all respect to people who do them, I think that those kinds of proffessions should be ultimately done by machines and technology. People are good at creativity and generating new ideas; machines are good at repetition and precision. Congratulations on the release! Music video and the comic (Continuation guild reminds me of Arilou ships from StarControl II) are AWESOME and made my day. I'm currently trying to get money for paper version of the book. By the way, I've shown the music video and the comic to friends of mine, and two of them actually got interested and started to ask questions about Lisp. Their positive reaction makes me think that those materials could be good to show to people to get them seriously interested in parenthesis-oriented-programming ;). http://roflcopter.pl/math-jokes.jpg I don't use any particular technique; I try to get 7 hours of sleep per day, but it often ends up 5-6 hours. I started collecting sleep time data few days ago and am in progress of writing a piece of Lisp code to compute a running average and apply some kind of proportional (or PI) controller to fix my sleeping time. You know, a kind of software that yells at you: "Hey, you really have to go to bed before 2200 today!" ;). (I know it might sound overengineered, but hey, it's also fun! ;)) I find "keeping an eye on the time" very distracting. When I work alone, I usually set up my phone timer to some interval and then toss it away, out of sight. I also restrain myself from estimating the remaining time based on looking at computer clock. I just do my work untill it rings. At work I try to avoid using phone timer, as ringing sound might distract my co-workers. I was positively surprised by the fact that the site presented itself in my native language (polish) and it didn't suck . It's probably the first time ever I saw a site that autodetected a language and it actually felt nice. Not everything is translated though, and I hope you'll fix it one day :). After reading this I start to really feel why we don't like 'security by obscurity'... Works fine and looks great for me. Also, it's a first parallax website I've seen so far, so thanks for posting! BTW. Despite that it's an advert, it has a positive message. Made me feel better, at least a bit. Yes. And it's still so true :). Isn't it true that an american citizen can not be banned from entering his country and isn't that a constitutional law? I'm not from US, but I remember a small media mess around a case, when TSA didn't want to let an american citizen out of the airport (was mentioned on HN). About reading fiction apart from technical things - I believe that fiction writing is important and practical for society as a whole in a way similar to how thought experiments and simulations are important for scientists. Writers of books and TV shows create imaginery worlds in which they set up different scenarios, create problems and propose solutions. Those stories often create discussions, in which people generate and evaluate ideas. For example, many science-fiction fans get involved in lengthy discussions about physics of space travel and social consequences of technology that doesn't exist yet. But it might exist in the future, as it is with ie. Orson Scott Card's writings exploring influence of global information network on society and governments back in 1980-s. I believe the same applies to other genres as well - good stories contain simulations of events that might not be happening right now around us, but one day they might. It's a human way to create solutions before real problems strike hard. Thanks for your answer :). But still, I'd like to know if it is a constitutional right or if I misread it somewhere? BTW. I heard a joke about current flight security policies in general (ie. not specific to any country) that "you can board the plane with a fish in a bowl, as long as you dispose of water before entering" ;). A programmer I know told me once about his method of using Twitter. He doesn't read any normal news sites, use RSS, etc. but just follows on Twitter people who write things that he finds interesting (mostly game development). When someone stops tweeting high-value things (links to interesting articles, etc.) he just stops following him and finds someone with more interesting tweets. Sad there's no mention about Org Mode. It's awesome :). Like people talking about Lisp being dead for the last 30 years, or so? ;). I was recently struggling whether commit my new TODO list to WorkFlowy and OrgMode, and I made a small comparison: Org Mode + You get full editing power of Emacs + Lots and lots of features (custom TODOs, calendars, hyperlinks, generating documents, ...) that are hidden and doesn't distract people who are not aware of them. + It IS actively developed all the time :). - Not really portable - requires Emacs for nice look&feel, although .org files are just text files, so one MIGHT be able to work with them. WorkFlowy + Webapp, so it's extremely portable. + Web-based, so it's always synchronized :). + Ability to zoom-in on a selected part of your list is much better done than the Org-Mode one (at least the "C-x n s" I know about). - Bad editing shortcuts and lack of general text editing capabilities I'm used to (ie. CTRL+arrows doesn't move around text by jumping words). I finally chose Org Mode (don't need to synchronize that list, and I do need the editing powers), but I also have a lot of stuff on WorkFlowy that I need to have synchronized between work, home, and whereever I go. OneNote is a good piece of software, IMO. I keep majority of my notes there (but I started using it long before I ever saw Emacs or heard about Org Mode). I was thinking about migration, but some of my notes consist of drawings and images pasted between text - I have no idea how to move something like that to Org Mode, or make such notes there in the future. Count me in! The replay button reminds me of the Achron game (an up-coming Meta-Time RTS). Basically, you can start drawing, then press Replay and draw some more on the replay, and then press Replay again... looks amazing :D. Nice work :). Even if it's subconscious, if one could come up with a way to measure this "accuracy in prediction", I think it could be trainable. Awesome! We need more tools such as this one to help people get the feel of different concepts in mathematics and physics. I tend to click print-view (if I can find one) each time I see multiple-page article. I'm not sure why anyone designing those websites thinks that paging articles is a good idea, but even if it is, it's probably not intended to benefit the readers. They look WAY better on W3C site. For some reason Smashing made a JPEG version of the original PNGs. I'd like to take this opportunity to remind HN that we don't use JPGs for this type of graphics. See: http://lbrandy.com/blog/2008/10/my-first-and-last-webcomic/ ;) The site is actually a little bloated with AdSense, making it hard to distinguish between content and adverts. Maybe that's why YC accepts so many applications - pg is gathering the data to improve The YC Algorithm ;). Haha, awesome! I installed two extensions to Chrome immediately :). It is sad that collapsible comments doesn't work on HN sidebar :(. Amazing! So many different worlds on our single planet. (For some reason it also reminded me of different "lands" on a single map in Heroes of Might and Magic III.) Without taking anything from Raymond Li, who did something awesome, is this really a brand new thing, as the article seems to say? I think I remember seeing water-powered jetpacks on TV (Discovery, I think) years back. Does anyone remember any previous attempts on devices like that? Maybe it works as a cost-effective way to eliminate occasional counterfitter-wannabes. Reminds me of: http://lesswrong.com/lw/f1/beware_trivial_inconveniences/ For me it doesn't really feel like a switch (unless we talk about a very fast one). I tend to mix thinking (and sometimes speaking) in English and Polish to the level they blend together - sometimes I express separate phrases or even words in another language just because it "feels better" this way. Similarly for programming languages - I tend to mix thinking in them with thinking in natural language. I do agree that those two issues - thinking in programming and natural languages - might be connected. It somehow feels similar. Played around with it for a while, but because I currently don't have a way ($$$) to get Photoshop (nor do I really need it), I use Paint.NET for most of the things I do. For the few things for which Paint.NET is not good enough I use GIMP ;). And of course Inkscape for vector graphics. Haha, very nice :). I feel like using it myself for self-motivation :). Thanks for the idea; will use at work since next monday! :D. For those who didn't notice - this series currently has 5 more articles - you need to click "Next post" at the bottom. Wasn't immediately obvious for me. This link just shown me how many misconceptions I have about vacuum exposure. Thank you! I've learned a lot from it. Actually, more action is going on scientist-mode-__experimental__ branch. Code is little rusty, but workable with and possibilities of optimizations are great. EDIT: BTW. Any ideas how to get continous integration working with it? Programmer's intuition ;). I really like your question. Personally I value stories, creations, etc. in which authors make multiple layers of "jokes" or references. Unfortunately, I'm not good enough to know what letters I'm actually changing :(. "Spam filtering programs using A.I. learning and classification techniques correctly identify over 99.9% of the 200 billion spam e-mails sent each day." 200 billion spam e-mails each day . Something should be done with spammers just on the basis of how much electricity it wasted on sending, processing and discarding all those e-mails... > Life expectancy was only 35 because of infant mortality. Once you grew up, people tended to live almost as long as we do today. Ok, so why we calculate it this way? Shouldn't we look at median instead of an average? Or average on data between lower and upper quartile? I thought that quartiles exist exactly for those kind of situations... First thought: "Yo dawg. I herd you like Y-Combinator. So we put a lambda in yo lambda, so you can recurse while u recurse." A M A Z I N G. I was really impressed :). Or at least please use TLDs that together with domain name actually try to resemble some English words, and are not just "take a noun, cut suffix, add .ly" mashups. In what way "computers adore XML"? Well, it can represent trees (and so can S-expressions), but its verboseness makes the files bigger, parsing more computation-intensive and memory consuming. Isn't "poking at all the options the program provides, hoping one of them will be close enough" the way one actually learns to use a program? At least I personally learn everything this way. Oh noes, I've accidentally upvoted this poll :(. (joking ;)) Isn't keyboard-related RSI caused by moving wrists? This system doesn't require you to move your hand at all. BTW. I've just read on Wikipedia that there's no causation proven between RSI/CTS and keyboard typing. Interesting, as from what I've seen, it's a widespread belief. At the moment of writing this comment, this app has 88 likes and 446 tweets. I wonder if people don't click "Like" in order not to reveal that they're interested in using the application ;). +1 ;) I always carry duct tape, WD-40, swiss army knife, another knife, lighter, a spare CAT-6 net cable. Also recently I started to carry those small bags with sugar that they give in coffee shops. Funny thing is, that run into situations where duct tape is needed almost on daily basis. It's like the "when only thing you have is a hammer..." effect, but in a positive way. Opportunities to fix/hack things find you all the time ;). There's a presentation from ITA (a company that made one of the more known air travel search engines) about this topic, which covers pricing issues in much details: http://www.demarcken.org/carl/papers/ITA-software-travel-com... For my small projects, plain-text OrgMode file most of the time is sufficient ;). At work I used Redmine, and I find it to be a really nice tool. Right. Most of the actions required you to do things in real world - such as pay a fee, bring some photos / documents / printouts somewhere, etc. Also the steps you should take depended on who you are, whether are you continuing studies or coming for the first time, etc. So you did those things and then returned to recruitment site, say, next day. Technically it is a wizard, but it doesn't show you the "state of the process" and the point of it you're in right now. Also, it is persistent and updated based on real-world actions :). The reason why I like it is that the other, "obvious" option would be to write a document that tries to describe every action that should be taken in more-less sequential way - those documens tend to be hard to follow because of their length and branching (ie. "do X, unless you're Y - then do Z"). Great idea. Thanks for posting this! Reminds me of an advice my friend gave me once. I was writing a small game with a ball flying between planets in 2D space. Sometimes the ball would travel outside of the screen boundaries. I used to draw a marker on the proper side of the screen to point to where the ball is. The friend suggested much better idea - a circle centered on the ball should be drawn, with radius big enough to make it visible on the game screen. The continuous change of the curvature and length of the visible part of the circle provides feedback on the ball-to-screen distance in the same way that, in your example, hand gestures can provide information on the distance between the car and the wall. Screenshot: http://temporal.pr0.pl/devblog/download/projects/ClozeCall/s... Note the part of the circle visible near the bottom of that picture. What about out-of-the-office work applications? Storage rooms, hospitals, factories, delivery - everywhere you have to walk around with information instead of sitting by your desk. I can imagine (I don't know if anyone actually tried this) a facility with many (company-owned) tablets that people exchange between themselves instead of paper reports and forms, much like PADDs in Star Trek. I'm surprised that LCARS interface is not there. EDIT: Request sent. Same here; I tend to pause movies and read stuff out of the GUIs/code displays. I remember that on StarGate: The Ark of Truth movie there's some JavaScript-like webpage code that was supposed to be the source code of dangerous aliens. StarGate TV series also featured some C and Java-like code; surprisingly, some of those places should actually contain a meaningful text, not code. I think UPS uses 2D barcode that is currently known as MaxiCode. I've also seen Datamatrix codes on some electronics. There are probably many more examples of use in logistics and manufacturing. I think I have similar feelings. The deep reason for me to read about advanced mathematics, theoretical physics and science in general is the hope that one day this accumulated knowledge will let me understand the world we live in in a better way; a hope of getting a framework of thought that allows to experience and do things that previously I couldn't. Thanks for sharing this link. I'm giving a talk on Lisp and computer games at my university in less that two weeks from today. It's great to have more examples to share. BTW. Abuse is a half-C, half-Lisp game. Am I the only one who, looking at the headline, thinks "RSA as in algorithm", not "RSA as in some US company"? Thanks for the info! I haven't been on IRC so much recently and I've missed info about this on #lispgames. I probably won't have time to participate this time though :(. And you can rotate them, which will ruin your chances of winning. I've just watched the video on my laptop and this 3D audio actually works! It's amazing! I'd really like to see more demos. Use your smartness to install routines and hacks in your life to help you cope with down phases. Use your up phases to the fullest of your potential. Help Lisp environment to become better and better. I'm talking about respecting someones programming skills. Respecting someone as a person is a whole different topic. It's a great question. After rewriting this post several times I realized that I never really thought about it carefully before. I know I have great respect for people who invent things like closures, Aspect-Oriented Programming, Metaobject Protocol or Erlang-style concurrency. I have great respect for low-level hackers. I have great respect for demoscene, where people store almost unimaginable amounts of animation, sound and action in kilobytes (sometimes it's a demo in 4KB, sometimes an FPS game in 96KB). After some thinking I believe that what I really respect in people is the way they solve problems - be it a beautiful design, a really smart hack, a clever abstraction, or a great idea for a product. About rating by language, I think there are two different kinds of "using the language", that differ by the reason, why one is using that language. Let me give an example of each: 1. "I code in C++ because it's the best language,... and the only one I really know." (that would be me, few years ago ;)) 2. "I code in C++ because I like it and it fits the problems I like to solve. I also know Erlang, Common Lisp, Haskell, Prolog, Java and (...), and I can apply the lessons they gave me in my C++ programming, but I really - both in the context of the projects I want to do, and my personal feelings - like C++ the most." I'd really respect the second programmer even if I didn't like the language he is using, whereas the first programmer simply has a lot to learn about the world. It seems that I respect creativity, 'MacGyverism' and hacking spirit. I understand that in many places it might not be what's needed. In some places you need people to do repetitive, almost mechanical work, or maintenance work. I do believe that people ultimately should not do repetitive work; that this kind of work should be automated in the future. People should solve problems, machines should do the boring work. I don't know if it is possible with maintenance though. I do have a feeling , that enterprise work, all the 'business/corporate development' is full of boring, overly complicated, useless and redundant work that comes from using poor tools. It's just a gut feeling (based on brief look on some technologies and stories over the Internet), I never worked professionally on enterprise software and have no hard data points to prove (or disprove) it. I'd like to know the opinions of people working on 'corporate stuff'. //EDITed line feeds. A great part of even greater Org Mode. I'm experimenting with literate programming using Org Babel right now. While this style of programming seems interesting, so far it proved only to be a great time sink for me. Maybe some benefits will show themselves later :). At work I'm a "food outlier", because I'd actually like to have pizza :(. Breaking to any of your e-mail accounts may allow the attacker to impersonate you and start social-engineering attacks. I do believe that the single most important account for one to protect is one's e-mail account. I still don't understand why the average is used instead of median (or average of data between the first and third quartile), when people talk about life expectancy. It leads to misconceptions. Sarcasm or not, it is a valid solution. Making the whole problem somehow relevant economically to US or international community might be helpful, although I have no idea how to do that. Agree. I remember hearing that the general population of WWII Germany was unaware of the atrocities that happened in Nazi concentration camps. Given also the recent events in countries you mentioned, I think that making regular people in North Korea know what's going on in their country could be very, very important. This library just pushed JavaScript to the top of the "to learn for real" list for me. It looks like a great tool. Thanks, it looks amazing! :). I interpreted this as "quieter than ". Also, I treat statements like "It's three times quieter." as completely worthless. "Quieter" is a relative term, and one has to be quieter than something for the statement to make sense. I've been trying to do Literate Programming in one project and somehow I can't stop feeling like this is a big time sink (writing down all this prose) that ultimately makes programs harder to understand (single code module can be spread across half of the file) and harder to modify (when you change one part, you have to look through half of your prose to check if there is something to be removed/rephrased). I don't know, maybe I'm doing it wrong? I'm thinking, your comment probably will change my life in some way. I've been following HN for almost two years and I can see how the content and discussions shaped me into a different person. Looking at the MIT Tech Review, I get the feeling the same will happen. Anyway, thanks for your comment and pointing me to MIT Tech Review. I guess he meant that "strong AI" is you and me. I think people need to use their willpower and intelligence to automate boring stuff out of existence. A really nice infographic. I like the design, especially the Facebook logo progressbar (near the bottom, "70% of Facebook users..."). "just a few hours ago, I read a comment by someone who works at Facebook, observing that most people there also maintain a separate LinkedIn profile because they want to keep their personal and professional lives separate." Given how easy is to track down someones' Facebook profile given his LinkedIn profile (and the other way around), I see no sense in this reasoning. Different "profiles", accounts, blogs, etc. form a kind of graph - they are usually connected one to another (often the connection is by google'ing up something) and it's really hard to keep them disjoint without special effort. It's easy to find someone's Facebook account from LinkedIn name, then google up his blog via e-mail address he shared on Facebook, then google up something else via the nick-name found on that blog, etc. The question always is, if someone cares to do that. Right, I see how it makes sense in terms of filtering relevant information. Thanks. Thanks for sharing the problem here. I've just signed up and was wondering why I haven't received the e-mail. > People struggling to succeed are all the same. What does "to succeed" mean anyway? I was always wondering, and don't really know to this day. Poor hardware. http://www.stuartcheshire.org/rants/Latency.html This, plus the common wisdom (I hear it repeated all the time) that alcohol kills neurons, leads to interesting conclusions :). If wealth is what people want to give you money for, you should be able to get rich by helping people. > I think computers and the internet are proof enough that math is essential to everyday life. I think that they are not enough. Computers are something you buy, not build. The Internet is something you pay for, like TV, or buses, or school, or whatever. The point is that you, personally, don't need any math knowledge to have and/or use them. Like OP-1 said, we need examples that have a clear use of maths in it. Sometimes I try to convince people I know that math, physics and the stuff is important. But I'm running short of real use-case arguments - not the "you'll get better job" ones. And that's the primary reason I don't even think of using Docs for anything except on-line surveys - I often work offline, and I need local files. One drawback I can think of is that you loose the "permanent paths" to files in some cases. If you start twiddling with relationships between tags, I can imagine how many paths previously stored in software will get broken. I can also imagine 'identity problems'. Not counting symlinks and hardlinks, the full file path serves as its URI. How can I be sure if /photos/europe/DSCN0001.JPG and /photos/london/DSCN0001.JPG are the same files? What's the file URI here? I want to have my tasks off-line, because I don't trust the Cloud, and I know that for 50% of my day (not counting sleep time) I won't have Internet access. I want my data to be accessible in a raw format, so that when I get bored with one application I can easily migrate to another. I want my data to be mine . I personally like Emacs Org Mode and I use Dropbox to synchronise tasks between computer. It's much more powerful than most TODO/GTD apps I've seen, it doesn't really break your workflow (as a developer, I spend a lot of time in Emacs anyway), it just works and I have full power of a decent text editor embedded in it. That means keyboard macros, incremental search, copy-paste, etc. Some TODO apps, especially web ones, end up in rewriting the capabilities of a text editor, without success. Reminds me of Greenspun's 10th Rule, but applied to Emacs instead of Common Lisp. For example, WorkFlowy has this amazing look&feel, it's beautiful, simple, functional, but I get angry as soon as I try to write something, because it lacks lots of the basic components of a Windows 'text field' box and also has weird (Mac?) shortcuts that interfere with my text writing habits (the "typical ones", not the "Emacs ones"). At least that was last time I checked (few months ago).