It seems to me that Git's ecosystem is rather more developed than Subversion's, despite its younger age. I haven't seen any hosting service for Subversion repositories that approaches GitHub (and even `gitweb` is pretty nice actually) and the amount of stuff in e.g. http://git.or.cz/gitwiki/InterfacesFrontendsAndTools is pretty huge compared to what I've seen for SVN. When it comes to documentation, not only is the reference manual excellent in the usual way of Unix reference manuals, but I also know of six tutorial Git books, several of which are free online: the Git User's Manual, the Git Community Book, Git Magic, Pragmatic Version Control Using Git, Pro Git, and Git Internals. As I said in another comment (now deleted), I'm using Subversion on a project for the first time in years, and I constantly find myself wishing the project was using Git. I've found git pretty frustrating to learn too. darcs is a lot easier. Still, it sure is more powerful than SVN, and once you know what you're doing (and maybe have a cheat-sheet handy) it isn't much harder to use. You know, transmitting video has proven to be a pretty important tool for fighting world hunger and various kinds of oppression; when it's possible to see the problems other people are experiencing, it's a lot easier to empathize with them. So it might not be a great idea to let one company decide how our video-transmitting technology is going to work and who gets to use which parts of it. To be more concrete, imagine: "The video you have selected ("russians_in_tskhinvili_getting_shelled.wmvx") is not viewable in your region ("Georgia"). Please contact your system vendor for a software upgrade if this region is not correct." "New Adobe Explosion 2012 offers video content providers a usage-tracking feature, which provides accurate statistics on the age and gender breakdown of their viewing audience, enabling video content providers to micro-target advertising content. *Information about users' identities will not be disclosed except pursuant to an order from a court in one of the following jurisdictions: United States, China, India, Saudi Arabia, or Germany.)" "The United States Trade Representative is pleased to announce a new accord with Brazil, addressing both American media companies' concerns related to rampant Brazilian internet piracy and the new Brazilian military government's concerns related to subversive content from overseas. Under the accord, effective starting 2Q 2011, only properly licensed video codec software from Adobe, Microsoft, or Apple will be permitted in Brazil." "We're sorry, but the license for the software that created this audio file ("Grandpa Telling Us About His Mother.flvx") has expired. Please contact the content provider to request that they renew their license in order to access the content." That's really nice. I'd love to see the code, even if there are other "something similar"s in Ruby. Did you actually implement the entire x86 instruction set, or just the parts of it you have used so far? Many businesses have their own photocopiers, fax machines, and PBXs, do their own accounting, maintain their own supplier lists, provide support to their own customers when they have problems, and pay their own employees, even though you can outsource each of these services. Sometimes the problems of outsourcing a business function are greater than the benefits of the enhanced specialization. For several years now, the vast majority of companies that have an internet connection have had some of their internet-connected computers inside their own companies, and others somewhere else, like a colocation center. Even though AWS is pretty awesome, I don't expect that to change anytime soon; the balance will shift back and forth according to things like available technology, legal liability, experienced quality of service, and so on. Just a means to an end, when they started out doing that — hopefully that remains the case. What do you think a non-broken replacement for DNS would be like? I agree that DNS is pretty broken, and it's a really important problem to solve. I was hoping you might have insights on what to do ;) Like pop songs in that study where they divided people into groups and had them rate songs? It seems almost inevitable. That sort of positive feedback can make a system more sensitive, but it can also make it unstable, amplifying noise until it overwhelms small signals. My third connection is that, if your hypothesis is correct (and I'm pretty sure it is) you would tend to expect comment karma to be distributed according to a Zipf distribution. Google Web Accelerator. bonsaitree said water at room temperature. The vapor pressure of water at room temperature is around 25 millibar; nothing "local" about it. Today I discovered that % 100 = 3; parses in Perl. I wish the space between the % and the 100 had the semantic meaning of telling perl that the % is supposed to be an operator, not a hash sigil. What other languages allow spaces in identifiers? Fortran 77 and Algol 68, I think? That race was over four years ago, though. Ruby won. It's nice that the old nag is finally making it to the finish line, but the audience has been gone for a long time. "extend it to monolithic intuitions such as ... policing, armies, ..." I hear they tried that in Somalia. Do you read John Robb? There are lots of small pharmaceutical companies already; they are a major focus of current VC funding, in fact. The majority of "biotech" firms are actually working on pharmaceuticals, not food crops or spider-goats or biological weapons. But for most of the previous thousands of years, the rule "larger is better" apparently didn't apply to companies, just armies and the like. The US didn't experience its dramatic economic growth in the 1800s by assembling a large and disciplined army; instead, it disassembled large and disciplined slave plantations, moving the agricultural center of the country to smaller, more productive farms in the North. (Farm productivity per acre continued to vary inversely with farm size, worldwide, until the 1970s.) I think it was its network of what we would now consider small industrial companies, coupled with its relatively low level of violence (due to geographic isolation), that enabled it to outstrip many of the Great Powers in economic growth. By contrast, during the Edo period, Japan was an extremely large and disciplined organization --- which produced some remarkable art but also made it militarily and economically weak. So I think the picture is much more complex than, "The success of a society was proportionate to its ability to assemble large and disciplined organizations." I suspect Drucker and Coase's insights may help to provide a more nuanced view. Yes. As Adam Smith sort of points out, they also make greater specialization possible. When you get access to a larger market (through dropping trade barriers, improved transportation technology, population growth, or whatever) you can either expand your business or increase its specialization (making it, one hopes, more efficient). What's interesting is that in the 20th Century the big trend was that people expanded their businesses; now, it seems that people are instead specializing more. Presumably some of the reasons for this are to be found in The Nature of the Firm, but while I don't think Coase has the whole story, I think his viewpoint is helpful here. It's not that people are collaborating in smaller groups than before; we're all still collaborating with everyone else in the economy. It's that the nature of that collaboration is changing from intra-company collaboration to inter-company collaboration. Coase focuses on inter-company collaboration through market mechanisms, but another important kind of collaboration is non-market exchange of information. The vast common body of free software and knowledge that we all share access to is a major reason that we can launch an innovative web site today with one or two people working together for a few months. If you wanted to launch Reddit (or HN) in 1990, you would have had to write client software, set up a modem bank, and ship starter kits to our clients with a CD-ROM and a modem inside. The fact that you can just buy access to the internet cheaply instead is collaboration through the market. So is being able to buy a multi-gigahertz machine with gigabytes of RAM for US$500. But in 1990, you would have had to do a lot more. You would have had to drop US$500 on a compiler from Borland or somebody and write your code in C++. (If you preferred Lisp, you could drop US$3000 or so on a MacIvory from Symbolics instead; they weren't dead at the time. Or Lucid Common Lisp on a Sun, maybe; how much did that cost?) Now we can write our software in PLT Scheme or Python instead. If you wanted to do cool AJAXy effects, even assuming that you could transfer the Web software of 2000 back to 1990, you'd still need to implement all the AJAXy stuff yourself, as I did in 2000, instead of just using Prototype or MochiKit or jQuery. A couple of years earlier, you would have had to use Java. And today, you can run the whole thing on Linux. In 1990, you would have had to buy SunOS, or HP-UX, or Ultrix, or some other such horrible abortion, and the minimum price for that hardware was around $5000. And you probably would have had to recompile your kernel. And when you have trouble load-balancing, you can Google to find out how people set up reverse proxies and round-robin DNS and the like, rather than inventing it for the first time and publishing a paper about it. This growth of the information commons means that you can afford to be much more specialized today. You can focus on the unique aspects of your site, rather than figuring out how to run the first or second global information service. > larger commercial operations tended to be more successful than small ones. It's just that the big ones weren't very big by modern standards. It seems that you have a different idea than Coase about what limited the size of companies; he believed that companies stopped getting bigger because as they got bigger, they started becoming less "successful", in the sense of "profitable". What's your alternative explanation? Johnnie Cochrane and celebrity plastic surgeons don't earn 30× as much as other doctors and lawyers because their compensation is set by a guild; if anything, guilds tend to assign scale and frown on those who charge more (and prosecute those who charge less). They earn 30× as much because people are willing to pay 30× as much for their services. You have a good point here, and I hadn't thought of it that way before. Somewhat related, it does seem like a major factor in the importance of people's software accomplishments (measured economically or however) is the importance of the problem they were trying to solve. Build an easy-to-use web site builder for Microsoft Windows in 1994? Sell to AOL, retire to Switzerland at 35, spend your spare time mentoring the young, designing prosthetic limbs, writing new operating systems in Python, or whatever floats your boat. (Incidentally, to me, that seems like getting paid 10× as much as the average COBOL cubicle drone who retires at 65.) Build it for NeXTStep instead? Nobody will remember. Hamming's "You and Your Research" makes this point about scientific accomplishments: working on great problems is a sine qua non of scientific greatness. To tie back to your point, when someone has some vague notions about what they need done, the first thing you have to do to make incredible software for them is to figure out what they would think was "incredible" — that is, figure out which problems to solve, and which to postpone. Because if you get that wrong, all the rest of your work is more or less wasted. As Hamming points out, it's not enough for the solution of a problem to be desirable; it also has to be feasible. That clearly involves some risk. Michael Jordan is part-owner of the Charlotte Bobcats, actually, and I think there are a number of Google and Microsoft employees who are richer than Michael Jordan (who apparently has about US$400M and recently had to pay US$168M in a divorce settlement). It's true that it's because they're part-owners of Google and Microsoft, but that ownership was granted because of work they did, not (for the most part) because of dollars they contributed. So I think the premise of the article is wrong; some programmers do earn as much as sports stars and star musicians. I don't have a good sense for how the numbers shake out in the aggregate. L. Peter Deutsch, who is by anyone's measure one of history's greatest programmers, spent many years working on basically just GhostScript, basically by himself (code contributions he received were not up to his standards). He made a good living at it and has a substantial amount of savings as a result. I don't really have any idea whether that means US$2M or US$2B, though. Maybe he'll donate some of his savings to some charity and we'll get an idea of their scale. So I think GhostScript might demonstrate, or at least approximate, the limit of what one person working by himself can do. ("Greatest": he wrote approximately the second Lisp interpreter when he was 15; with Butler Lampson he wrote the QED editor, on which ed and thus vi are based; he invented JIT compilation; he did a bunch of stuff at PARC in the 1970s that I don't even know about; and he successfully competed with Adobe in the PostScript RIP market for decades.) The work of programmers scales really well, too. There are a number of pieces of software used by more than a billion people: Microsoft Windows, Microsoft Word, Firefox, Google, Apache, PHP, and the operating system they run on: Linux. And that's exactly why the best-paid programmers make a lot more money than the best-paid soccer stars. Can't you write Rails templates with DreamWeaver? Is it a lot harder than assembling dialog boxes in VB? I've basically never used DreamWeaver and I haven't used VB since 1997, so I don't really know. No problem. (I'd reply privately if I could, so as not to clutter up the thread, sorry.) Oh, sure. I thought he was complaining more about the excessive complexity of modern computing environments, though, the way that mainframe people used to do around 1970, and the way minicomputer people used to do around 1980. Maybe he should try programming an 8-bit AVR. Does Scrum require TDD/BDD? I think BDD is going to be limited where your biggest and hardest requirements are things like, "The game should be fun to play". "Without a lot of brand advertising"? How many ads do you think Tom Cruise buys to promote his personal "brand"? I think the relevant thing is the reputation, not the advertising that might or might not create a better reputation. The reputation is why Tom Cruise makes 50 000× as much as the actor in the community-theater play down the street from you. (Assuming they're even getting paid.) When a producer is negotiating a contract with Tom Cruise, I don't think it enters his mind how much unknown actors in community theater make. I think he's thinking about how many people bought tickets to see the last Tom Cruise movie and his estimate of how many of them went because of Tom Cruise. I don't know enough about hairdressers to know whether the same thing applies to them. It does apply to fashion designers, and in some cases it seems to apply to programmers. Joel's article is about scrapping your existing codebase and starting from scratch. The discussion here is about a new version of the Python interpreter which was made from the old one by means of a bunch of incremental changes, and which will require a bunch of incremental changes in old Python code to run the old code. How is Joel's article relevant here? Cooks at Taco Bell and McDonald's in the US make US$5-$10 per hour‚ which is up to a max of maybe US$6000 per year. Emeril Lagasse got paid US$9 million in 2005, apparently. Wolfgang Puck makes quite a bit of money too. According to " rel="nofollow">http://www.chefschoolreview.com/blog/2006/07/do_chef_salarie... , which also has a list of top chef salaries, "The average non-celebrity executive chef can earn between $125,000 and $250,000 but, according to foodservice.com, the average annual salary is closer to $60,000." There are some guys I know here in Buenos Aires who run a restaurant in their house a couple of nights a week, charging US$50 a plate for up to 20 people. Even they are getting 10× or 20× the pay of an average restaurant cook, and they only work a couple of days a week! Bell Labs named three of their operating systems after castrated men, a notoriously bad movie, and Hell itself. Names that make marketers cringe have a long tradition. I don't think hackers hate Tcl because it's "intimidating". They hate it because it's verbose, slow, and lacking in abstraction power. (Last time I used it, associative arrays weren't first-class, i.e. you can't have a list of anonymous associative arrays; is that still the case?) Also, Tcl was originally aimed at the niche that Lua now occupies — lightweight embedded scripting language — but Tcl is 720k of code while Lua is 82k, and isn't verbose, slow, or lacking in power. Finally, the libraries available for Tcl, while they do cover some pretty important stuff, are a tiny fraction of what's available for C, C++, C#, Java, Perl, Python, or even Ruby. The article says it's "more or less as fast as ... Ruby". Well, that's pretty slow! The string-substitution execution model is easy to explain, and it's easy to do higher-order programming with, but it's very error-prone and very difficult to implement efficiently. If you use Tcl in a disciplined way, you won't have too much trouble with this, but it is not nearly the advantage that this article makes it out to be. Tcl does have some nice advantages: it's optimized for use as a UI with an embedded DSL, not for use as a programming language, and its support for event-driven programming and securely running untrusted code are first-rate. Yosef K. (Yossi Kreinin) recently blogged about some of this. Oh, and you say, "# is a command that ignores its arguments". You're wrong about that; try "# [set x 3]" or "# comments do not end at semicolons; puts hello" if you don't believe me. If I understand correctly, that page says that 34% of modafinil takers reported headaches, compared to 23% of non-modafinil takers, 11% reported nausea (vs. 3%), 7% reported nervousness (vs. 3%), and 5% reported insomnia (vs. 1%). What do you think the numbers for caffeine would be? Caffeine withdrawal is a major cause of headaches, and caffeine is a major cause of nervousness, insomnia, tachycardia, hypertension, dizziness, etc. I'm not saying caffeine is some kind of dangerous drug; I'm just saying that "almost zero side effects in comparison" is at least plausible given the Wikipedia page. Compare the behavior of # to the behavior of puts. If you puts [set x 3], not only does it print out 3, it also sets x to 3. If you # [set x 3], it does not set x to 3, because # is not actually a command that ignores its arguments; it is a comment, just like in Python, Perl, or sh. Similarly, if # were a command, a semicolon would terminate it and start a new command, but it doesn't. The comment continues to the end of the line. You seem to think that dicts aren't associative arrays. I think the last version I did any significant amount of work on was Tcl 8.3. But I wasn't any kind of expert on it then. It might be true that Tcl (8.6?) is faster than Ruby now, but the article that started this thread didn't dare to claim that, and these benchmarks of Tcl 8.5b3 don't support that claim: http://shootout.alioth.debian.org/gp4/benchmark.php?test=all... Memory latency problems can be worked around with pipelined requests, if you have enough concurrency in the CPU; memory bandwidth problems can be worked around with more independent banks of memory and more memory channels to the CPU, which means more wires. Both can be worked around by putting more memory locally. Absent such workarounds, it's true that there are some problems (large-mesh finite element analysis, maybe) that more cores won't help with, and other problems that exhibit enough locality (large cellular automata) that more cores will help with. This article observes that some problems are in the first category. It would be absurd to claim that no problems are in the second category. Modafinil is effective in small enough doses that you could put it into just about any beverage you like, just like amphetamine, piracetam, and so on, and unlike ethanol. You may enjoy quaffing toxic organic solvents like ethanol, but I don't particularly fancy the idea myself. For those who don't follow the link, the first link places the US, with 95% confidence intervals: - 25th to 28th among the 40 countries on math; - 12th to 23rd among the 40 countries on reading; - 20th to 27th among the 40 countries on science. The second link just divides the countries into above average, average, and below average. The US is "below average" on math, and no reading rank is reported. What if they give you a sheet of paper, you xerox it there, and then store one copy next to your birth certificate and give the other copy to your regular doctor? I have an immunization record that I keep inside my passport (for yellow-fever reasons). I like GUI Emacs because keys like C-/ work, even if they have no ASCII code, and I don't have to wonder if I'm going to get random backslashes if I try to copy and paste into another window. There really isn't that much difference between switching between Emacs and, say, IRC, by using Alt-Tab or ^A ^A. I didn't remember that you can't have a comment inside of a statement, but you're still wrong! It's true that you can't have comments in as many contexts in Tcl as you can in most languages, but it is not true that they are just ordinary statements; ordinary statements evaluate their arguments. "#" comments don't evaluate their "arguments", don't terminate at semicolons, and you can't redefine the meaning of "#" with "proc", so "#" is special and reserved — just in fewer contexts than in other languages that use it as a comment character. Oops! I was speaking from ignorance. Thank you for the correction! How can you get to dislike a programming language without learning it first, at least well enough to have things you don't like about it? If your reasons for not liking it are "riddled with inaccuracies", then maybe what you don't like about it isn't that language but something else that you have mistaken for that language? He couldn't buy one when he wrote that, but it's also sort of beside the point. Software freedom is about other people having the ability to modify the software they depend on, not about me having the ability (if I spend enough money and time) having that ability. I own my house, even though I have no idea how to move walls and put up new drywall (in my case, I did but it didn't work out as well as I'd hoped). You can hire someone else to put up new drywall. If you can't, you don't own the house; you're just renting. Outsourcing your security to a group of people makes you vulnerable to that group of people, and anybody who can lean on them. As you point out yourself, mobile phone carriers have not proven trustworthy in that way. The guy who buys the phone has the right to choose who they want to trust; mobile carriers blackmailing phone manufacturers into giving them backdoors into this most personal of devices is a violation of that right, and it imperils us all. "Competitive advantage" means roughly "doing things your competitors can't". You can't do that with off-the-shelf tools unless your competitors are in Nigeria and can't afford them. I want to add to the chorus of "What experience are you comparing Visual Studio to?" You're sort of damning it with faint praise by touting things like "evolving towards concurrency" and Microsoft's alpha-quality OCaml clone, F#, as a selling point. Obviously .NET wouldn't have a future if it wasn't doing cloud, functional, concurrent, and support online, but it's sort of chasing the taillights of the open-source community there. Maybe I read more into "cannot be beaten" than you intended. Thanks for sharing your experience! svk? Also BitKeeper was built on SCCS, and ClearCase MultiSite was built on ClearCase. I think "if you wave your hands about usability, if you are the only user, and you don't give a rat's ass about performance," is sufficient --- Ur-Scheme took me a few weeks, and the source and target languages were fairly different, and I hadn't done it before. It compiles its subset of Scheme about 100× slower than gas assembles assembly language. If you have actual compiler-writing tools then it doesn't have to take weeks or even days to write a compiler for a simple language --- if you don't care about performance, if the backend language isn't too much of a pain in the ass, if error reporting is not a major concern. Thing is, though, performance doesn't matter any more. Oh, sometimes it does, yes. If you're writing a C compiler for a computer manufacturer, it certainly does. (Tip: port GCC instead.) But all those people who are using Ruby or Python or Perl or PHP? They aren't going to care if your compiler generates code that's 10× slower than it could be, because it's still 10× faster than what they're used to, and you can probably get them not to care that your compiler executes a million instructions per line of code that it compiles. Thanks! I'm glad my page was helpful. I'm working on a much simpler compiler than Ur-Scheme now. I call it StoneKnifeForth. No, the 90 minutes is the time to explain the compiler, not to write it, as Marc explains at the beginning of that excellent talk. Actually, in my experience, PEGs make parsing not complicated. What kind of visualization tools have you found helpful in manipulating the AST? So far I've found equational reasoning (in my head or on paper) much more helpful than visualization in writing code to manipulate ASTs. And code generation from ASTs does not require a lot of effort when it is not especially difficult; it's really just a tree traversal or two. (As you point out, with optimization it can become arbitrarily difficult.) Noncompete agreements shift some power from employees to owners of capital. A jurisdiction that forbids noncompete agreements will tend to be less attractive to owners of capital and more attractive to employees. But a business generally requires both employees and owners of capital. Whether jurisdictions that forbid noncompete agreements are more attractive to a certain kind of business therefore depends in the short term on whether employees or owners of capital have more power in that kind of business, and in the long term on whether employees or owners of capital are more important to the success of that kind of business. As pg has repeatedly asserted at great length, the capital requirements for software businesses are at an all-time low, so we would expect noncompetes to repel such businesses. Also, if you want to found a company later, it might be easier to get VC from VCs who you aren't currently suing. The company issues shares, but it is a separate entity from its stockholders. The money acquired by selling the shares goes to the company, not the existing stockholders. It results in the company being more valuable, and the existing stockholders (or the board of directors on their behalf) can think this is a worthwhile thing to do if they think the money will be invested well by the company. What does the BusinessWeek article have to do with the company buying back common shares? You are making assertions about what the man wants. Have you talked to him about that? Do you have any basis for your defamatory assertion whatsoever, other than observing that the WSJ has not yet published a Letter to the Editor from him? That doesn't seem plausible; people with Asperger's are harder to manipulate, not easier, especially when they're smarter than you are. Although Asperger's creates its share of frustrations, being unduly influenced by one's emotions and easily influenced by other people's opinions are not among them. That said, it might be what the person who posted the BusinessWeek article was thinking about, if he's a fucking idiot with a neurotypical-centric attitude problem. I'm anti-noncompete too, but my comment wasn't normative, concerned with "pro" and "anti", "should" and "shouldn't"; it was just an attempt to describe the world. (Although my perception might be skewed by my own preferences, hopefully that hasn't made my description inaccurate.) Anyway, from that perspective, what Paul Graham does or doesn't want me to do isn't relevant. I doubt he really wants me to do anything other than make insightful comments, since I'm not working with him. What I'm saying is that the QA guy has more bargaining power if he can go work for your nearest competitor, and perhaps still more bargaining power if there is also no trade-secret law prohibiting him from taking that other information to the competitor, not just himself. (He can't do that legally in California.) So, all else being equal, he's more likely to move from Massachusetts to California than vice versa, especially if he's a really good QA guy who can get a job even when there's a lot of competition. It might be the case that having access to really good QA guys are more important to your business being successful than being able to keep your QA guy from defecting. For example, maybe you're a good guy to work with, so the defecting isn't really a problem, and the difference between okay QA and really good QA is huge. In that case, you'd be better off doing business in California instead of Massachusetts, if that were the only difference between the two places. On the other hand, if the thing that would make or break your business is being able to raise $500 million to build a semiconductor fabrication plant, you might find yourself siting it in Massachusetts (or Oregon, say) instead of California, in order to reassure your investors that they're getting the best possible deal from your employees. So banning non-competes will attract certain businesses: the ones that are good to work for and in which employee skills are much more important for the company profits than, say, employee retention, secrecy, or capital equipment investment. So I think it is especially knowledge and sales businesses that will tend to seek out areas with strong non-compete prohibitions --- not on purpose, but just because that's where the superstar scientists and salespeople are. Inevitably, though, your competitor will learn a lot when they hire someone experienced in the field. Not true; in KeyKOS, for example, the shell had full access to all the files the user had access to, because that is where the user held the keys of their directories. In CapDesk the window system has the same role. In general you need to be able to run "utility" programs like the tmp-remover in the example. That doesn't necessarily mean the author of the utility programs has to be able to send updates without your approval, or that they need to be able to receive communications from their utility program, or that you can't delegate your approval of application updates to a third party who vets the code, or that the utilities can't be small and clear enough that you don't have any doubt about what they're doing, or that all programs need to have full access to your files, or that you can't store your files somewhere where you can roll back undesired deletions. This article is really terrible. It spends half of the article before mentioning the actual contribution of Native Client, which is that it securely sandboxes C programs with little effort on the programmer's part, confuses source code analysis with object code analysis, talks about memory virtualization for security as if it had been invented in 2008 instead of ~1965 (and as if it weren't already a feature of every mainstream OS), glosses over the API differences and the difficulty of designing a secure OS API, and confuses Intel (one ARM licensee) with ARM. In summary, it is an unreliable article written by someone without a clue. Oh, Hacker News is for news? When Valleywag (Owen) published an unsubstantiated rumor that Matt Mullenweg was cheating on Glenda, that wasn't lack of class. That was malicious disregard for the truth, unless Owen knew it was false, in which case it was outright lying. Integrity excludes malicious disregard for the truth. If you think KeyKOS's security scheme was "somewhat weak", you should read the DTOS review of it (in http://www.cs.utah.edu/flux/fluke/html/dtos/HTML/final-docs/... ), which was mostly positive. It includes a pretty balanced picture of its pluses and minuses, although it doesn't seem to have been based on experience actually using KeyKOS. If your files belong to your applications instead of to you, or if your sandboxes don't nest, then your sandboxing scheme is pretty lame. Most of the time there are worse cases than just deleting your documents: the utility could send all of your documents to its owner over the internet. You can prevent this with sandboxing policies too; KeyKOS solved an analogous problem in the context of a multiuser non-networked mainframe. More difficult is to keep it from inserting backdoors into your programs or subtly corrupting your files. I don't see how the solution "then you roll back to your previous backup" is dependent upon only the utility only having access to a single sandbox. It seems like it works just as well if you give it access to everything except your basic UI (and the TCB it depends on, e.g. the kernel, the bootloader) and your backups. It could be a problem for device vendors, but it shouldn't be a problem for web sites that want to serve ARM9 devices with MMUs, such as Intel's StrongARMs; the Native Client approach will work fine on ARM, although it will take some work to make it happen. The bit about "Intel's ARM chips" is pretty goofy, though. There are lots of ways of implementing sandboxing; I think capability systems are the most elegant and flexible, but I don't know for sure that they are the best way, given that the judge is the messy real world, not mathematical abstractions. I was arguing that the other guy was right that sandboxing in itself is not sufficient; you still do need to have a way to deal with code that you give the full run of your system, even if you keep the amount of that code to a minimum. Could you piggyback RAM by soldering it on top of the existing chips, bending out a single chip-enable pin so it alone wasn't in parallel with the existing chips, and soldering it to a wire? I had an H89 with 64K of RAM; the last 16K was hacked in that way. I think it's prety inexcusable that this software, or any software, might be denied. I don't think that's the deal; I think the reason it's interesting is that Newber has $500k hanging in the balance, and Apple's commitment is zero. They can vaporize that $500k instantly by saying no, or slowly by never responding. This is not a good position to be in, and it dramatizes what a lot of people (investors more than hackers) have been feeling about iPhone development. And that's why Sumerian investment banks rule the world today. To get your $300 million number, you're assuming a 5% risk-free return on investment over 400 years. I very much doubt that you would have received a 5% return on investment by investing in a diversified international portfolio of joint stock corporations from 1608, leaving aside the great likelihood that you would have lost everything by personally being a victim of one war or another, as the Cherokees did on the Trail of Tears, as the Jews and Gypsies did in the Holocaust, as many of the Guaraníes did in the War of the Triple Alliance, etc. Would you support trade unions being allowed to organize internationally? How about international environmental regulation, like the one that overturned California's MTBE ban? Do you think these institutions can be made to work as well in the world as they do inside the US? (Not that they work well inside the US, but they are currently much weaker internationally.) You can git clone it from http://canonical.org/~kragen/sw/tinybootstrap.git if you like. To summarize, their new strategy is to make allegations of copyright infringement, in response to which, ISPs will voluntarily cut off people's internet access, without the music industry having to prove any copyright infringement in court. Presumably if there were a free market in ISPs, this wouldn't work; the alleged copyright infringers would simply switch to ISPs that didn't have agreements in place with the music industry. So the strategy depends on either suing the ISPs (in violation of the DMCA safe harbor clause? There's no mention of a counter-notice provision) or internet service monopolies who can be bribed. If effective, this would grant a music industry association the power to unilaterally exclude people from participating in the public sphere: no access to Google, no access to Wikipedia, no emailing your lawyer, no blogging about how the music industry is corrupt. Given their remarkable lack of precision in filing lawsuits in the past, let alone their decades-long history of criminal conspiracies and abusive business practices, it seems irresponsible to allow this to happen. I hope you folks in the US can do something about it. To read this document, I would either need to install Flash or sign up for a Scribd account to download the PDF. Is there another place where the document can be found? Is it possible to redirect the original article link to a place with an open-access version of the document? This argument is applicable only to code that runs on only a small number of machines. Using roughly his numbers, you can afford to pay somebody US$100 000 to work for a whole year to make your code 10% faster if that code uses 100% of a million dollars' worth of hardware, which is only 200 high-end US$5000 servers or gaming machines, or 2000 low-end servers. But that's assuming that the benefit of the speed improvement is merely improved throughput resulting in data-center savings. If the issue is that your non-AJAX UI is frustratingly and inconsistently slow and so your ex-customers have switched to your competitors' AJAX app because it has consistent 200ms response times when they click on buttons, it may not matter if their app actually uses more CPU cycles than yours (because half of it is written in JavaScript and your ex-customers aren't running Chrome yet.) If your game gets 20 frames per second and your competitor's game gets 35 frames per second with nicer-looking graphics, you're going to lose sales, even if the customers run the game for only 10 hours each. And that's why gamer games and desktop apps are still written largely in C, C++, or Java with some Lua, and Google's large-scale apps are mostly written in C++ and Java, while small-scale server-based applications and the stuff developed by the in-house IT guys are written in all kinds of higher-productivity, lower-performance languages. Yes, you're right; the market would merely have to be somewhat competitive, not some ahistorical wet dream of Hayek. Regardless of whether monopolists and oligopolists are good or bad in general, I was only trying to establish that in the presence of oligopoly, the RIAA's strategy would be very bad, and in the absence thereof, it would be ineffectual. Yes, I agree, although it might be worth an hour of your time to improve the app's responsiveness if it makes the customers happier. In this case he was using the username "celtics" to provide updates about the Boston Celtics, with their logo as the page background. “Secondly, he saw an opportunity when most people did not, so he should totally benefit from it.” That happened to my wife a couple of months ago; she was trying to use her laptop on the street to record a protest, and someone saw an opportunity where most people did not, and ran off carrying her laptop. I bet he benefited from that. That someone “saw an opportunity when most people did not” doesn't really tell you anything about whether exploiting that opportunity is moral or immoral. Because you worry there wouldn't be a unique way to link to you, or because you don't want your potential customers to know who thinks they're your competitor, or because you're worried people would get confused? DNS's dispute resolution process is pretty badly broken, don't you think? Awesome, you rock! If it were effective, its benefit to investors might exceed the cost to companies; in that case it wouldn't be a tax increase but, effectively, a decrease along with a change in the tax structure. ...and you're not bothering to tell us who it is, so someone from HN might get suckered into working for them next month. It would have taken longer to get working in C, which would have dramatically increased the probability that the project would have gotten killed before it saw users (it sounded like a pretty stupid site to me at first!), and it would be harder to rev the UI and features as often as they did before they hit the scaling problems. But a message server in Ruby with Eventmachine wouldn't have been that hard, would it? I hear there's this material called "flint" that works well for that kind of thing; if you hit it at the right angle with a rock, it forms a sharp edge, very similar to your teeth, and you can use the edge to cut all sorts of things. You fail at reading comprehension. That would be the "ineffectual" branch of my argument. Do rocks make you sad? Or is it the conchoidal fractures? If anything, the sales distribution he shows is significantly flatter than a normal Zipf ("long-tail" or "scale-free" or "80/20") distribution, as you would expect in a free market; app #1 should sell 50× as much as app #50, not merely 10–20× as much, and 100× as much as app #100, not merely 30–50×. It's great that unknown developers can get free marketing by making it to the App Store's top 50 list. Maybe that's why the distribution is flatter than you'd expect? Several people in the blog comments have cited the “camel has two humps” paper, which still hasn’t made it through peer review. There have been some failures to replicate the study. Perhaps their results were an artifact of the authors’ teaching style, i.e. they were just terrible at teaching, so the students who entered the class without knowing the material failed? I’m very skeptical of results that claim that some large fraction of the population is incapable of some mental feat like programming. 500 years ago the same was thought of reading, writing, and arithmetic. (also posted to the blog comments) I had a good experience working for a company like that, actually. I said, “That someone “saw an opportunity when most people did not” doesn't really tell you anything about whether exploiting that opportunity is moral or immoral.”. Your response was a complete non-sequitur, and furthermore it appeared to attribute to me a position including material facts that are probably false. In the comment to which I am replying, you have called me an “asshole.” I appreciate your expressed concern for the constructiveness of the conversation. May I suggest that you try a different strategy if a constructive conversation is what you seek? Putting words in the mouths of other participants and name-calling may not be the most effective way to engage in a constructive conversation. I was just pointing out that rokhayakebe's syllogism, “Secondly, he saw an opportunity when most people did not, so he should totally benefit from it,” depends on an absurd unstated premise. Whether this blogger who we’re talking about happens to be a robo-spamming scumbag or not isn’t really relevant to that. And that is why you fail at reading comprehension. Don't forget Dan Farmer also worked on SATAN. And FWIW the name history on Postfix was: VMailer, then (in parallel) IBM Secure Mailer (forgotten) and Postfix (alive). Wietse's previous work (tcp_wrappers?) didn't have particularly suit-unfriendly names either. Maybe it was Dan who suggested SATAN? That's what I thought! Thanks. There are people who attain native-level proficiency in foreign languages as adults. It is true that children more often do it, but it also seems to take them longer. How many hours a week did you study German in college? I think children growing up in Germany typically study it about 70 to 90 hours a week if their parents are foreigners, or 110 hours a week otherwise, and it takes them about six or seven years to reach a high level of proficiency. By contrast, an acquaintance of mine studied Mandarin Chinese only 40 hours a week as an adult (22-year-old I think) for six months, and then spent the next several years transcribing and analyzing intercepted Chinese telephone conversations 40 hours a week for the next couple of years, thereby achieving a native level of proficiency. So my alternative hypothesis is that kids learn languages well because they try really hard for tens of thousands of hours, while adults rarely do. You know, most ELF executables do have a .comment section, and IIRC Java includes comment text in its *.class files, and comments are included in the HTML and XML DOMs. So it's not a completely insane question. In Pascal, Ada, PL/1, Perl, and C, array assignment or passing an array as a parameter results in a new copy of the array, at least under some circumstances. (For example, in Pascal, it has to be a value parameter, not a var parameter, and in C, the array has to be inside a struct.) These are not exactly obscure languages, so it's surprising that you assert there are no languages that work that way. Do you know any languages other than Java? “Every real language has types,” you say. Except for BLISS, BCPL, almost any assembly language, Forth, B, the Bourne shell, dc, QED, TECO, sed, and old versions of Tcl, to name a few. Again, these are not obscure languages; every piece of software you use is inspired by some of them and implemented in part in others. (There are also languages like Python in which there are only dynamic types, but I agree with your point of view that those are still types.) And that's why I downmodded your comment: not because it was arrogant, but because it was wrong.