I remember trying to install and run this 2 years ago. I checked up on it from time to time, but since it seemed dead I stopped following it(although there seems to be code edit that was an hour ago[1]). [1] http://svn.gna.org/viewcvs/etoile/ I think some of this speculation that this man is some cunning, super-intelligent villain gives him, an average human being, too much credit. Honestly, these "theories" are too outlandish to really be about the actions of a mere human being. What is honestly more believable, that he is some "super PR genius" or, perhaps, just had more than he could handle? I was going to suggest I do the same thing. Well, just upload it somewhere for someone else to find...accidentally, you know. I once had a physics professor (who I admittedly was not too close to) who loved mathematica and is quite the evangelist for the tool at my old school. However, he once met Stephen Wolfram and didn't feel that he had "a high opinion" of my professor. Regardless of his ego, he has somewhat earned the bragging rights given that he is responsible for mathematica and wolfram-alpha. I'm eating (cereal though, no meat) and I'm not sure I can continue. Whenever a "New Study Confirms" something, we need to relax for a moment before we throw off the signs and proclaim that we've always been at war with Eastasia. I remember a group that claimed that an experiment had found that some tracked neutrinos had violated special relativity[1], one of the pillars of modern physics, and I too remember the excitement that developed afterwards only to dry up when it was found a faulty fiber optic connection was to blame. It's not like the benefits of breast-feeding is some pillar of modern medicine, but when just one study is accepted to a journal (and I'm sure there are others), it hardly merits a complete rewrite of medical textbooks. Remember, the important thing in science is _consensus_. As far as I can tell, the consensus is that breast-feeding is more beneficial for newborns. So for now, let's trust what the majority of doctors and health professionals have to say. Now, with regards to the article, it offers very damn strong evidence against this hypothesis, especially the controlling for different parents. It would be interesting to see in a couple of years if more studies corroborate the conclusion of no net benefit to breast feeding. [1] http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Faster-than-light_neutrino_anom... As a grad student in physics, I'd vote for the inclusion of the Dirac equation or Klein-Gordon (can't put the whole standard model in there) and may be the Einstein Field Equations. Other than that, I agree with most of the list. I haven't heard good things about Black and Scholes, though. EDIT: Oh, and I thought of another. No doubt: [X,P] = i h/2pi Definitely more important than Schrodinger. One could argue that with i^2=-1 and the taylor expansion of sine and cosine and the exponential, one get's that. Those are the sourceless Maxwell Equations I'm assuming in vacuum. The divergence of H isn't zero either (divergence of magnetic field strength is) unless the magnetization is divergence-less. For the reasons you said, I don't think that this is a general algorithm they are teaching. May be it is a stepping stone to get to understanding of what division means first and then they'll teach them long division. Clearly this is an inefficient method for larger numbers, so I don't see how this can be expected to be useful as a go-to algorithm for calculating division. Read the GP's link. You'll see that the COMMON core (despite its name) does not quite do that. It is up to the states and I think even local districts to decide how to implement it. The idea is that a common core is to set up ideas that every student should learn (that's the COMMON part), not _how_ they should learn it. That's a bit of interpolation there. I will admit that we are given very little to work on, just a piece of paper with the algo partially done on it by a child... I'm assuming you think that because of the "10x8" on the side and it could be easily "20x8". It looks like they are teaching it by places, and the 10x_ represents the order of magnitude that is currently being operated, and she was to see how many "8"'s in that magnitude are in the number. That was my assumption, at least. I actually didn't catch that! That's hilarious. I mean, it would seem easier to steal the cargo at the airport before it got on the plane, just bribe a few ground workers, I guess. Steal some passports, hijack, then divert the plane just for cargo? It wasn't the cargo; the only reason to hijack the plane would be either the people or the plane or both. Or, it was an accident. I have to pay self employment tax since I'm a graduate fellow, so I have a larger amount in my bank account than I own. My vote reflects the money I own. Curious, if you don't mind. Are you under $1000 because you have money elsewhere, or is it for more upsetting reasons? I tend to be more liberal in my politics, but I don't think people making "too much money" are a problem. That sounds like envy, to be honest. The problem in America represented by this poll aren't the ~40 people who upvoted >$150k but that the sheer majority have [1] http://money.cnn.com/2013/06/24/pf/emergency-savings/index.h... The gp is implying that they are jealous of a 14 year old. Anyone from Taiwan care to comment?(I'm sure someone from there frequents HN) While I applaud the effort, the only issue here is the sample is restricted only to "Googlers." That's a bit of bias for their sample already. Google is hardly an average company, so the results they glean from their employees might not generalize as well. These guys are assholes, but the issue remains a huge problem. I just hope people can see through the idiots to see that the issue that they are complaining about is real. I starting playing around when I was 14. Now I'm 24. Wow, how time flies. Of course, I have nothing on some of you old timers. That was enjoyable. Save some of the odd "nothingness" talk, it was a fantastic demonstration of the freaking scale that cosmological physics takes. Think, and people have modeled these scales so well, it's hard to freaking believe. One of the relevant issues here is that the top colleges have are essentially a better bet wrt prestige vs. other colleges. The fact that the college educated adult in the US is not as capable as the average college educated adult in a developed country world-wide (in OECD countries, see[1]) to me tells me how there is some truth to this perception. There is no denying that a physicist from Harvard is far above the average in the world, the problem is that if you're not from Harvard, statistics like these seem to imply that you aren't even prepared to be average. The problem here is that the Ivys suck up all the intelligent people and professors and the rest of us are left with less bright people (bright no doubt, but not "Ivy" material). Unless you can make it into the club, you won't be as prepared as your smarter and/or luckier peers. The problem is that we in the US are doing fantastic in raising up the best of us (those who get into Harvard) but the average has obviously fucking languished. Personally, one way I think we can help at least somewhat is for government not to exclusively fund only these Ivys, but to cut off some for the rest of us (you know, judge research by its merit). Other than that, I'm at a loss for ideas It wouldn't be too bad to not go to Harvard if the local state uni wasn't that much worse. [1] http://www.oecd.org/statistics/datalab/skills-outlook.htm Not sure why I was downrated. A rebuttal would be nice. I am often amazed by how much freedom a lot of people here have. I'm a graduate student in physics after betraying my first love in programming because I thought I would end up in a 9 to 5 dead end hacking job, I never heard of this whole "freelance" and start-up scene, otherwise, I would have done that. I'm happy for you and you should feel very blessed to have the options you have. That just isn't an option for so many of us. You know sir, as fun as Jackson problems are and as exciting modelling plasma sounds, I've been thinking of doing other things... Thanks for the implicit encouragement. I think the issue I often see here is that both sides have a one sided sense of exactly how many people "want" to live on the street and don't. Either they're all lazy or they're all victims of the system. This [1] perhaps helps illuminate the issue. We see that 66% have drug, alcohol, or mental health issues. That's a large fraction; about two in three homeless individuals have these issues. However, one in three is a significant fraction who don't. More upsetting is that 40% are veterans. So, I think it's fair to say that we have a slight edge on the interpretation that its "their fault" (although I am extrapolating a lot from a single number here). Still, one out of three individuals there out from nothing more than misfortune is just unacceptable, so I think something should be done. But clearly, what we are doing isn't enough; something more needs to be done. A lot of this can be alleviated by the other things, you know, fixing the rent problem, addressing the minimum wage, etc. In fact the article suggests a few fixes, like better public housing design. [1] http://www.statisticbrain.com/homelessness-stats/ I'm a graduate student in physics, so I'll reply with a physics perspective on this. Concerning modern physics (the quirky stuff like relativity and quantum mechanics), I would not say that any part of it has "disproven" any of the old concepts (which we collectively refer to as classical physics) since Newton. For example, special relativity does not "disprove" classical, non-relativistic mechanics. Newton's three laws are still valid, it's just that the old theory is not as general as we once thought it was (once you move close to the speed of light, things look different to you vs. how it looks for others). Of course, it goes without saying, what a theory fucking is is experiment. Special relativity, general relativity, quantum mechanics, QED, all these theories are theories because they gave predictions which were confirmed by experiment. Newton's laws, universal gravitation, these too have so much experimental backing so they are theory too, it's just that they are valid for non-relativistic, non-quantum systems. Just because you found that light bends around stars doesn't mean that all the basic experiments you did on the earth that didn't seem to show that bending 50 years ago were all a lie. Your old experiments were still valid! You just weren't looking at a scale where such effects were important: those mirrors and lenses didn't have enough mass to make the light bend enough for you to measure it (the deviations were but small fractions of the markings on your ruler) so you simply didn't see such effects. When you do look at that scales*, however, you'll see divergence from theory, and thus the cycle repeats, and the boundaries of understanding are pushed forward. We never forgot the old theory, we just find where it fails and how it really was only correct for a smaller scale than we thought it was. Think about science as the old explorers of Columbus' day; they had a very small view of the world, but as they explored, they found that they could add new features to their maps. Nothing about their old maps of Europe had changed though! May be new technology had made the maps more refined, but discovering the West Indies didn't make Germany south of France! It's similar for science. Nothing about modern physics makes us doubt a lot of Newton's results, we just know he wasn't 100% correct. Color me surprised. I'm actually a buckeye where Mr. Wheeler hails from. This fact and after watching his speech a couple of months ago, perhaps that is why I gave him the benefit of the doubt. I guess I was wrong about him. I have a question for those more knowledgeable about this than me: compare this to recent EU [1] votes on net neutrality. What do you think, will this give European internet companies an advantage over ones here (specifically startups that don't have the big bucks to shell out to the large internet providers)? [1] http://gigaom.com/2014/04/03/european-parliament-passes-stro... Well, this is not quite equivalent, but consider mobile platforms. Streaming makes much more sense there given the tighter storage constraints. Are the lawsuits the only difficulty? Is precedent so important for something like the FCC? I can imagine it, I guess. I'm asking out of curiousity. The fact that these names are considered "similar" to such names ("Juan Gonzales, but "Claire Smith" too?) are shady but "Brad Anderson" and "Steven Smith" are worth responding too basically demonstrates the authors' point. Edit: Before I'm further downflagged by people who haven't at least skimmed the paper, I should point out that I'm referring to the actual names used in the study, I'm not being racist myself. Depressing, but interesting. I find it interesting that even before you have a life, you start out with hope. What does that mean, I wonder? Hope of your parents? Society (for that "someone" who will make a difference)? There once was a graduate level electrodynamics homework assignment that I waited* until 5-6 hours before the due time to start (it was due at 11:59 PM). An hour until, I found it so difficult that I gave up and decided to turn it in late. So, I left the physics building and walked to a 24 hour coffee shop for coffee, and as I walked, I thought about a particular problem, flipping the system around in my head. I then came across the solution midwalk. Of course, at that point, it was too late to finish it and submit it on time, but it shows how taking time to step back and relax can be conducive to thought as opposed to sharp focus. I find that focus is important when I already know what to do (I just have to just code it or I have to just calculate it) as opposed to _figuring_out_ what to do. *I didn't wait until then out of negligence, I had enrolled in too many classes last semester and it became close to what I could handle. I still don't see how a book with text's "realness" helps. I don't see how flat paper with ink printings is "tactile" enough and not in fact just as abstract as any method of digesting information second or third hand (at a computer terminal, reading a newspaper, attending a lecture, etc.) vs. our evolution's first method of information gathering: experience; you know, going outside, feeling a rock, finding your way through town and mapping it out in your head... I'm 24, but I still remember before the internet became what it is today and even then, reading was considered "boring" by everyone other than nerds because, surprise! it was a pretty abstract activity. I think the real factor is the preference for paper and the learned habits with reading on it. People simply have learned first to "deep read" with books, so they read/learn easier since they can tap those already familiar (perhaps subconcious) habits without having to figure out new ones. Unfortunately, phone and tablet screens are associated with mindless or at least light reading and aversion, not deep cognition, so perhaps that's why there is some observed deficit in reading on them. Still, I'm going to accept the "science is not quite settled" part of the article. Obviously there is some deficit ninnsome cases but we don't know why. In this case the energy that goes into creating the e+e- pairs far outweighs the energy you get out. For example, given that this is Quantum Mechanics, there is a non-zero but not necessarily close to one probability of creating a pair from a given pair of photons. One could imagine the other light that didn't interact would just escape to the environment. You can conceptualize this as an photon produced to pair created efficiency, and I don't see it for any reason being very big. Then again, I'm not sure I understand the experiment, for example, I'm not sure how a blackbody spectrum helps in the breit-wheeler process. I think that the light colliding at a perpendicular incidence helps, but other than that, I can't see how the spectrum of radiation matters...like how is using a blackbody spectrum is better than, say, a monochromatic laser? I think I'd have to look at the paper once it gets out. I don't think the idea is to accelerate electrons. It is to produce e+e- pairs. I think the thing that distresses me the most is that any attempt that has been made to alleviate the situation (like the common core) has been stamped "big government" by people who seem to _not_ understand the urgency of this situation. I'm out of ideas. What do we do? EDIT: added a not. Wow did that change what I meant to say. The whole point of the common core, from my understanding was to be vague enough to let local governments decide how best to implement it. They were trying to avoid "one size fits all." Having everyone in the same page with regards to an overall standard seems good in my book. I think the interesting thing was even middle class kids demonstrated poor performance too. The problem us spread wider across the distribution rather than abysmal performance by a minority such so that it pulled down the average (to me, that never really made sense in my intuition). It depends on when you start to force it down their throats :) The earlier in their education that they are pushed to reason more rigorously (again, within reason) the easier it will be for them to accept mire rigorous education earlier. Still, I really agree with you though that a cultural shift will be best, but I'm not sure how this ever will happen. I think it is very much worth caring where the average is. This average person will grow up to become a voter and taxpayer and we need intelligent citizens to vote in competent representatives. Philosopher kings never happened, otherwise, just making sure the smartest get smarter would be okay; we have a democracy and the only way to make it work is to have informed citizens. Supposedly a listing of accidental commits of the text ":wq" and variants where the coder really meant to save the file in vim and quit. One strange possibility this may imply is that some people still untouched by the modern world are really not conscious and introspective. What a weird proposition. Also, those of us who do not share direct ancestry with modern cultures (I am a pacific islander), our cultures would possibly not have had consciousness until our contact with outsiders...for my culture, that would be around the late 1700s. Our oral history does talk about gods, demigods and such. Looking back at most of the oral legends, they tend to be about the gods and mythical events that teach us morals. I think there was one story that might show introspection (a god child who was found in the woods and was raised by human parents) although something like true higher order thinking? I'm not sure, I'd have to think a bit. Still, it's such an interesting idea. Perhaps that is one way to test the hypothesis, comparing notes with first contacts with indigenous, uncontacted peoples. I guess I might be an amoral degenerate, because I found the beginning rather funny. As long as these are consenting adults (save the creepy touching on that one date), what's wrong? I think it was on second thought that I found the whole idea a bit strange, all of this money spent just to give a few tech men dates? This is just pure awesome. It is so awesome, that I was jealous of the author for not being able to do this first, I almost didn't upvote it out of that jealously--it's that good. Keep up the good work! (I'm working on hacking together sims myself but for a larger project--I'm part of a computation group at some state uni modeling HED plasmas.) The original sentence most likely contained the words "reflecting the demographics of the country." >math is careening towards you and you should brace for impact Hilarious, another great article from Mr. Kun. I'm surprised no one has suggested this yet. In python >Write a program that seemingly adds the numbers 2 and 2 a=2+2 >and outputs 5. print(5) Yeah, I know that isn't the intent here, but, following the wording of the contest rules exactly... I think it was shared for its historical interest. While the gist of unix presented here is the same as the unix we know today, obviously many things have changed since the 1980s. I certainly didn't know about it. I had the exact same issue with argparse as the video on the page showed, I always had to look of the documentation to use it or copy and paste it from old scripts to get it to work. This is soo much better, I don't think I'll use argparse again. I'm not sure if this is related, but my father told me about something similar. My father is from and lives now in Palau [1], and the typical internet connection there has a download speed of something like 20 kbps. My dad said something about a company deploying satellites seeking to service unconnected or poorly connected regions, and Palau wanted in. [1] http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Palau Right. I don't think I've heard of makewords or 'p' to print out a file, although gnu obviously has its substitutes ;) I was going to mention that. I could recognize Dennis Ritchie, Brian Kernighan, and Ken Thompson, but I have never heard of Lorinda Cherry [1]. Apparently, I should have, because she essentially inspired gnu plot utils, which must have had some influence on future plot utilities(?) [1] http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Lorinda_Cherry edit: made a correction, oops You witness what happens when there is only one ISP with no competition (PNCC provides palaunet). A little example at a different scale of what could happen if comcast and time warner were to merge :) >I just wish they would give high-speeds at the last mile and ship in multi-TB drives for local access, while rate-limiting international (satellite uplink) access based on how much one pays. This idea has been around so long but no one has tried to actually tried to do something like this. Moreover, there isn't a lot of "local access" that I know since there arent't many websites on the island to begin with. Something like a local email service would make sense; palaunet's email service is so bad that people rather use services here in the US like gmail. The funny thing is that PNCC and the Palau government had a chance to tap into AAG[1] when it was laid in the 2000s but Palau opted out of it because they thought it wasn't worth the investment. What a mistake... [1] http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/AAG_%28cable_system%29 Right you are, made an edit. It physically is the only method, as this is an isolated island in the pacific. As I mentioned in a reply to another person in this thread, there was a chance to tap into one of a fiber optic cable that was being laid nearby, but the monopoly corp that provides the internet service decided not to invest in it. Yeah, the wm didn't look that great by modern standards. However, the whole underlying idea is pretty compelling. I'd like to see something like plan9 or inferno retrofitted with a more modern interface, loaded with modern tools and, yes, being built around a more modern language. Nonetheless, I might try a vm of plan9, for fun. Usually, requiring that the state vector in a quantum theory be invariant under a unitary transformation require other fields (what we call gauge fields) be added that end up being representing physical interactions. For example, consider the state vector |y>. The norm is invariant under local U(1) transformations |y> -> e^(-I* T(x,t))|y> For -> = = . (local, as in a function of space-time, is key). Write the state as |y>=v|0> where v is some operator, then saying is invariant is like saying v* v is invariant when v -> v e^(-I* T(x,t)). In physics, a term ~v* v would represent the potential energy of a spring. To represent the kinetic energy of a spring, we need a term like (d^{\mu}v* )d_{\mu}v where the d_{\mu} represent derivatives w.r.t. space and time (\mu is an index which runs from 0 to 3, 1,2,3 are x,y,z, 0 is time). Here, the U(1) transformation does not leave this term valid, because the derivative acts on the e^(-I T(x,t)) too... However, if one were to make the replacement d^{\mu} -> d^{\mu} - I e A^{\mu}(x,t) where when v -> v e^(-I* T(x,t)) we have that A^{\mu} -> A^{\mu} - d^{\mu} T(x,t) one can show (this doesn't have to be obvious!) that then the Lagrangian ~(D^{\mu}v)* D_{\mu}v - v* v (where D is the new "covariant derivative" we described above) is now invariant under local U(1) transformations. It turns out that this Lagrangian, completely written out, looks a lot like classical electromagnetism, and it is, and A^{\mu} is the "4-vector potential". In fact, A^0 represents the good old electric potential V that I'm sure you nerds are quite familiar with. I'm not sure how enlightening that was, but at least you've seen the start of QED :) Now, for this "monster group" ... from here [0] it seems that apparently, gravity in 2+1 dimensions seems dual to this particular group, that is, take the quantum state with that operator |y>=v|0> (v is what we call a creation operator in QFT, it "creates" particles mathematically; in string theory, it creates "vibrations on the string") that under monster group transforms, apparently whatever Lagrangian Witten made out of the v's in conformal field theory (something I should note is not my field, so I may be off here) the gauge group that might be needed would represent gravity. [0] http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Monstrous_moonshine#Conjectured... I think my argument is that we will find new things to store on our PC's similar to how we found new stuff to store on our PC's from the 90s till now. I guess it is hard to imagine, but let's dream a bit...one ridiculous possibility that I've thought about is consider something like google glass. Imagine recording every moment of your day from your smart phone, and not just when you wake up. Why would you do this? Well, may be there for little things like having a meeting with someone and you want to remember details without writing it down. Why take the time to record it manually when you have the ability to do it in HD, for cheap? Again, this is hard to imagine wanting to do especially for privacy reasons, but were things like facebook and twitter easy to imagine in the 80s? As things things have changed, so have social norms...I'm not saying this is a good or bad thing, I'm just stating an observation. So, I happen to not have any HD vids on my laptop at the moment, but I have a normal video on my laptop that is 10 minutes long that is 70 MB. For something like recording video for 10 hours say, that's 6 * 70 * 10~4GB. So, yeah that's about 250 days (little less than a year) on your smart phone at 1 TB ignoring all other things (full seasons of vids of shows, as another commenter mentioned, stuff like raw gps data that could be added to the video, other things), so may be it isn't quite reaching the limit but it's a good example for how as we have more space for stuff, it is possible to imagine finding more things to fill your smartphone's new TB of storage with. As in shuffing around our terabytes of "illicit" storage by hiding terabyte thumbdrives in our sneakers? I wasn't referring to technical aspects, I was referring to social aspects. I'll admit I wasn't born in the 80's, but even when I was a kid in the 90's, I couldn't imagine sharing my day-to-day interactions with 100's of people. In the Foyer...there's ET??? EDIT: Screencap: http://postimg.org/image/6gggn4rsz/ EDIT 2: Btw, I love it. I'm having fun trying to get to the lower decks. Am I missing something? How does comparing GDP to obesity rates give any evidence that it is female hormones specifically that correlate with obesity? I'll admit I've only read the abstract and looked at the figures but I'm still lost how A gets to B here... My field of study and my experience is not in medicine or public health, but GDP vs. obesity rates seems like poor evidence for this particular hypothesis. For example, one hypothesis I can think about that explains this is that in developing countries, it could be possible that women are often homemakers, and therefore, they don't have as much physical exercise as their male peers. In developed countries, where women are more free to work, the obesity rates are comparable... I mean, I don't see a slam dunk "See, it's female hormones!" There could be a number of things from culture to lifestyle choices to work-life balance that can have affect on obesity that might correlate with GDP. They should have at least controlled against that, and I see no evidence of it. The correlation itself is interesting, even without the female hormones. Right, I personally can't get past the foyer. Just to point out, the last two sound like it's due to the current implementation (compiler) being new, so it isn't so upsetting at all. Now, not supporting functors is odd, though. Intriguing, apparently the majority of people access HN from school!? I thought us students were a minority here. It's also odd that India ranks so highly for slashdot...it's been a running meme there to remind posters not to keep a US only perspective. Dreaming big is good, but may be that goal is off by an order of magnitude or two? For comparison, just look at [1]. I'm not discouraging, but what startup even has the potential to hope to employ even 100000 individuals within the next 10 years? [1] http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/List_of_largest_employers_in_th... "Why is fortran so fast" reminded me of this [1] [1] http://unriskinsight.blogspot.com/2014/06/fast-functional-go... No offence, but you calling the STL "total crap" can lend others to claim you haven't given the STL a serious try as well. A related stackexchange question on critisms of the STL [1] [1] http://gamedev.stackexchange.com/questions/268/stl-for-games... Question, how do you over multiple long lists (in python 2) especially if zip itself takes a long time to zip them, for example. Awesome! I knew there was some lazy zip-ish thing for python 2. I personally hate using range(len(foo)) as anyone else. Fix the url. It might have to do with some of the comments posted here. Wow, I'm actually below the median...and I thought that I lived well. I'd be interested to see data from other countries. I'm trying to make the same decision you are. The thinking goes that yes, at least a MS is something for the two years you will have spent there and you can demand a higher salary with a MS over a BS. W.r.t. being suspicious, who cares? Tell them outright your plans, and if they have any sense of decency, they will support you anyway. Ffs stop with this! s (center of mass energy squared) does not need to get larger if what matters is statistics! Things like rep rate and number per second are more interesting quantities to improce, imho. The future I want to see are smaller accelerators driven by things like laser and plasma acceleration. We don't need another LHC. You apparently were flagged by a theoretical physicist. A lot of "physicists" nowadays forget that we're supposed to be scientists, not dreamers. Dreams are nice, but experiment and observations valid theory. I agree. Unless this has some modifications to the current model of the big bang which leads to _observable_effects_ , I don't know if this theory could even be validated as...well theory. I use the definition for theory as a hypothesis that has received sufficient experimental validation. So, by definition, many of the frontier quantum-gravity stuff doesn't fit this, unfortunately as compelling and fascinating as they are. Again, I'm just agreeing with what s/he said, that unless we have experiment/observation, we don't know whether this really describes our universe's origins and/or evolution. While I do not want to distract from your main point, I think it is important to discriminate knowledge from rote memorization. Memorization and understanding are _not_ mutually exclusive, in fact, if you don't memorize/know anything, you don't have anything to work your understanding on. I am a graduate student in Physics, and admittedly not in Caltech or one of it's peers, but I find that "memorization" (or, as I would put it, familiarity) is very important for understanding. I can't spend my time looking up formulae, I have to be able to just pull it out, or visualize it, at least. As the content I work with becomes more complex, I need to have more and more of the things I'm working on as part of my knowledge, ie., I need to memorize. If it isn't in my head, how can I put it all together? I used to think I could get by without committing much to memory, but I find that I am more efficient if I add more to memory than I was willing to in undergrad. Nonetheless, you are right to persecute those who emphasize memorization over understanding, formula plugging over understanding what a formula means because that seems to be the direction of education that is most threatening nowadays. And yes, memorization is easier than understanding. It seems like one of the articles where the lead sentence should really have a link to a recorded pronunciation, especially on the english wikipedia. Not to act too serious about nicks here, but his/er handle is "C--", after all. Freaking hilarious. You brightened my day sir. I am an outsider who is starting to touch javascript but I have my history in scripting and numerical sims. Is all this stuff about node.js really something revolutionary or is it hype? "Drone Warfare Guru and Alligator Enthusiast" I think it's about time I jump on the js bandwagon then. To be honest, I read your comment as sarcastic. I'd add that emotion cannot be uncoupled from some policy decisions. A wonderful example is gay marriage. There is no "data" one can fit to decide whether it is right or wrong to permit/recognize as valid. If all US states decided to legalize gay marriage or ban it, there is no way anyone could decide whether it was a "net benefit" to society, mostly because homosexuals are a minority of the population. The rights of any minority, granted they are small enough to be but a ringing ontop of your signal, it shouldn't matter if you are just thinking like a utilitarian. So, from whence comes individual rights? The usual argument is, "imagine if that were you!"--that's empathy. More seriously, we guarantee individual rights for others because that means we have them for ourselves. This leads to my second point: I think the reason empathy even is a thing is that we are inherently selfish, and for anything to be really done for the "greater good" individuals need to either have a stake in that greater good or they need to trick their selfish selves into thinking they are actually in that situation too, which, again is empathy. Empathy works for the most part. It sounds like the author is trying to fix something that isn't broken. I'd say the current problems in Washington are in fact a lack of both listening to data _and_ a lack of empathy. I think more empathy would be beneficial, not detrimental. This is freaking cool by itself, but the video gave me an interesting idea: what if you used this as an IDE for coding in general? You wouldn't need to have multiple monitors, you'd have 360 degrees of stuff to look at. Then again, the idea of being cut off from the outside world with only your code to look at might be a less salient idea, so why not put a camera on this thing, then you could have "projected windows", basically like the holographic interface of tony stark without the holograms. I personally think that would be pretty cool. As a true nerd, the way I want the future to be would like in star trek; take a person like Picard in the 24th century, with their all-knowing computer a voice command and their replicators and their ease of transport via the transporter, but strand him on a desert planet, he's able to figure shit out, improvise, and survive. Technology is just an augment to the good life and an augment for good people. Lazy people being lazy with technology or otherwise have existed in the past as they do today, I haven't seen _convincing_ evidence that modern tech increases the numbers of lazy,incompetent people. I'm not sure what he means by "flow of time" but I don't think he meant what you argued against. I think he's arguing against the notion that time is like some sort of continuum like a river, or like an axis on a map. As someone who has been thinking of leaving physics graduate school (and I've been "running" simulations of plasmas too), this is somewhat encouraging. So it turns out I love espresso, but I don't drink alcohol. Does that put me in the "freak of nature" category? So, what do we do? From one graduate student to another, do we decide to keep sucking toes and complain about it later or do we actually do something about it? A lot of comments have already been posted here, so it's most likely the case that this won't be seen, but I feel like sharing. One of my problems about complaints for "diversity" is that for many people, it's usually "why isn't _my_ kind represented so I can hang out with them instead of X group?" Whites are happy to be with whites, blacks seems to be content mixing with blacks, latinos with latinos, asians with asians, etc. People only seem to complain when they are the only asian or the only black kid around, and they feel left out. Sure, that's normal to feel, but I don't see how having isolated equivalence classes makes any set of people "diverse" or any happier, save the people feel at home with their baramin. May be for me, I'm just so interested in other cultures and people that I (try to) make friends with all races and (more importantly) individuals. Or may be it's because I don't have a "kind" to mix with as elaborated below. In any case, the version of diversity that I want accepting and being friends with someone even when that person isn't like you. It means giving a chance to those who aren't like you, and may be finding common bonds that you both could share. It means being interested and respecting others viewpoints, while not necessarily changing your own. Hell, this covers not just race relations, but sexual orientation, gender, a host of other things, right? I'm a pacific islander and an "enrichment fellow" at some physics graduate program somewhere. Yes, that's code for a diversity/affirmative action fellowship, I suppose. I am a minority, but something that makes my experience different from others is that I didn't grow up with "my kind" because not many of "my kind" exist (probably around 100,000 in the world in order of magnitude). I grew up in Long Beach, CA surrounded by people of different backgrounds and races (mostly white, I guess), and went to a Catholic private school. In fact, I moved back to Palau [1] and hated it at first because I didn't fit in. It's probably because of this background that makes me really not understand the concept of race and especially identifying with it. Identifying with a culture or subculture makes some sense to me--I have bits of Palau and bits of US culture in my personality because I lived in both places--and that is as far as it matters to me, how much that affects your personality. I do in general find cultures interesting as anyone would, but in evaluating a person, I really only care about personality. [1] "Moved back to"? I like to think of it as my parents moved back and 8 year old me came along, I had never been in Palau before.