I think the main difference between VeryAnts and these are that those are actually supposed to be useful in some way. But I could be wrong. Do you have any suggestions? I'm all ears Is the source code for this available somewhere? I'm curious about how exactly you're sending the text messages, and I can't really tell anything from a quick glance at the binaries included in the zip. Definitely yes! I'm currently a senior studying CS. Many of my classmates freshman year had never written a line of code in their life beforehand. Now, some of the best programmers I know at my school are those same people. If you're passionate about it and willing to put in the effort, then I say go for it! What (if anything) are people's thoughts on runit? I started trying out Void Linux a couple of days ago, which uses it by default. I haven't spent a whole lot of time reading up on it, but from my initial understanding of it, it seems to avoid the issues that people seem to have with both systemd and sysinitv. (Of course, it might just be that it's not used by enough people for anyone to have strong negative opinions about it) I noticed the same thing while reading it. I assume that this is just a mistake or misunderstanding by the author, and they actually meant "weaker". Of course, switching to a weaker set of axioms would mean that some of the things proved by the old set might not be provable anymore, which still seems like an issue... My Dutch professor in college actually wrote out the "ij", but the tail of the "i" connected with the "j", making it appear to be "ÿ". It kind of blew my mind the first time I saw him write it out haha This is freaking amazing Google Keyboard just started doing that to me, and I can't figure out how to turn it off... > I can walk around a bad part of town at 2am, but if I get shot, I'm still going to be mad at the shooter. I'm not sure calling LinkedIn the shooter in this analogy is completely fair; maybe more like the cop two streets over getting a donut. I definitely prefer more verbose names to abbreviated ones, but I'm not sure that never abbreviating a variable name is the right way to go either. Surely there's a middle ground between `Ttpfe` and `timeOfTenPercentHeightOnTheFallingEdge`? This is really cool! Are the sets of three predefined, or are they getting pulled randomly each time? Also, is there some sort of you used to get the info (date, scoring call, video URL) for each play, or did you manually scrape it? Suggestion: keep track of which ones have already been shown in the current streak to avoid repeats? I did 100 of them, maybe 10% of which were repeats (I got Bellsprout four or five times on its own) I think in the context it was used, "the law" is referring to the FOIA rather than being used as the general term for all laws. (Not taking a stand on whether the statement is correct or not though, as I don't have any specific knowledge about that) Some of these are pretty amazing, like the `digits` method and the new OptionParser functionality (which seems to be a sort of standard library equivalent to doctopt!). That being said, I can't help but shake my head at the section about "multiple assignment of conditionals: "You can now assign multiple variables within a conditional...You probably shouldn’t do that though." Am I alone and thinking that it's a little bit hypocritical to specifically add functionality to your language if you don't want people to use it? Or is this just a joke that's gone over my head? I just did another hundred (on ultimate), and got Marshtomp, Shellder, and Pawniard each twice. Also, I got one wrong at one point (Misdreavus's silhouette was just an unrecognizable blob to me haha), but it didn't have me start over and instead just let me try the other options. Not sure if that's expected or not, but I figured I'd check, since it didn't give me a message telling me what was going on, so I thought the button wasn't working at first. I'm still waiting to get either Voltorb or Electrode and have them both in the options. It would be literally impossible without viewing the actual image... Ah, okay, I confused this with an official recommendation. Thanks for the clarification! Not disagreeing with the relative simplicity of Python compared to Ruby, but the degree to which the Python community is adamant that there is always only one way to do something has always baffled me. What about `map` versus a list comprehension, or `glob` vs `os.path`? Obviously Python has pretty clear standards about what the correct way to do something in the language is, but I feel like the persistent claim that there's always exactly one way to do something can range from oversimplified, misleading, or just plain wrong. Thanks, that's a very clear and well thought out explanation. I'll make sure not to take the skeptical detracting too far in the future! > There are many horror stories of non-Apple consumer laptops breaking, and it taking weeks for them to be repaired. At Apple they fix laptops in the store in a day or two, depending on whether they have replacement parts in stock. The only time I ever went to an Apple Store for support on a laptop it did get get fixed within a couple days, but they also replaced my fully-functional hard drive (with all my data) when the only thing broken was the SATA cable. The conversation I had to have with them to convince me to put my original hard drive back in the laptop was pretty mind-numbing, going through stages of "we don't know where the hard drive is" to "we have it, but we can't give it back to you". I did eventually get the original hard drive back, but that experience kind of soured me to the whole "Apple experience", one of the many factors that eventually led me down the road to learning Linux and basic PC repairs, allowing me to order SATA cables and the like from Amazon and replace them in laptops myself. What blows my mind is that it's actually like 15% shorter than since that includes the makefile and readme JS, too, right? Forget "large" standard library, there really isn't any standard library at all Not necessarily; looking at it another way, having lots of programmers who are interested in R might mean that the job market for them is fairly saturated, meaning recruiters don't have to advertise as much or as long Well, JS was originally competing with Java applets in the browser, but, like you said, fitness for purpose is pretty significant! My point (or rather, the point of the parent comment that I'm agreeing with) there's a lot more than just the presence and characteristics of a standard library that determine how widespread a language becomes I'm not sure I'd classify them as a standard library; they're essentially just pervasive global variables. For a comparison, think of Java; the standard library is things like `java.util` and `java.swing`, which goes far beyond having the `System` and `Math` classes available in `java.lang`. I'm pretty sure Rust was originally written in OCaml, not Haskell. Unfortunately, I'm unable to find any references for this, as googling mostly leads to other comments (on HN and reddit) saying the same thing, and Wikipedia's footnote for the sentence stating this seems to be a reference for other parts of the sentence. That being said, Rust itself is heavily inspired by Haskell; most notably, Rust's traits are pretty much equivalent to Haskell's typeclasses in almost every imaginable way, up to and including the way they can be derived for types. Too bad we had to go and make displays with different pixel densities... By "gender specificity", do you mean the word itself, or the people targeted by the insult? Using the word "gato" to describe a woman would be nonsensical, and I don't think that a word predominantly being used to insult only one gender (such as "bastard") makes it any less of an insult. In this case, I don't think the distinction is really that important; I think checking if someone is single or in a relationship to target them with an ad is more intrusive than checking if they're in a group of a few dozen thousand people who are single and like cats. Which style do you use for this? I tried doing something like that once, but there were issues with visibility in a lot of the sites, so I ended up having to go back I sometimes do that, but the output loses the color it had, which can make parsing it a bit tricky (although the less noisy new format will help a bit with that) Thanks, I never knew this trick! This is working for me with "cargo build", but not "cargo test" unfortunately This partially works for me with "cargo test"; it also seems to print a control character ('^O') after every colored string, as well as at very beginning of the output. Additionally, after a certain amount of output (maybe 1.5 times my terminal height), it prints an ellipsis and stops printing anything new. Thanks a bunch for pointing me towards `expect`, though! I hadn't used it before, and I'll definitely do some experimenting with it to see if I can get my desired output with it. Cantor's diagonalization is a great example; I'm definitely not a "math person", but I was awestruck the first time I learned about it. People had explained the idea of uncountability to me before, but I never really "got" it until then. I can't think of a better word to describe its effect on me other than "beautiful". I remember when I was in my middle school orchestra, occasionally I'd get a piece of sheet music with this problem. If it was bad enough, it might even make it impossible to read the last few notes. If you could fix this for your wife, I'm sure her students will greatly appreciate it! I'm not sure I follow your example; what if the ten tallest people are all on the same section? > It's never used anymore, I suppose, except for the old school people who still have enough muscular memory built up to write it that way. I know I do; I learned it from some computer magazine in the 80's and have a hard time letting go. I was born after the 80s, and I use that shorthand (although I suppose this probably says more about me than it does about the shorthand itself). I didn't even understand the original comment until I read through the whole thing because I mentally read it as "Ctrl+D" A bit tangential, but I just noticed that in the Arch Linux repos, `libtiff` is version 4.0.6, but there's another package called `libtiff4`, which is version 3.9.7. I don't suppose anybody here might know the rationale behind this bizarre version/naming paradigm? Ah, okay, I somehow didn't realize that the trailing number referred to the number in the library file. Thanks! My only gripe with the newer MagSafe variant is that the part that attaches to the actual port comes out much further than the old one, so when I sit with the laptop on my lap and my legs crossed, I always accidentally push it upwards with my left leg just enough that it becomes unplugged, and then I don't notice it's not charging until I get a notification saying my battery is low. I can't imagine anyone else has this problem, but it happens to me several times a week. I don't see how that would be any less hard to define than `setMonth` or `setHour` But `getDate` is separate from `getDay`, so why isn't there a `setDay` as well as a `setDate`? So why not have a method that sets the day of the week as well? It just seems odd to me that they would implement setters for all of the other time units but not this one Given that `setMinute` sets the minute in the same hour and `setHour` sets the hour in the same day, I'd think `setDay` setting to the day in the same week would be rather logical What if I wanted to get the day at the beginning of the week that a date occurred in? For instance, if you had a payroll system where you paid hourly workers weekly, it would be useful to be able to bucket the hours worked on the day that the paycheck is sent So setting the day of the week would set to that day in the same week the date occurred; I don't think that's any weirder than calling `setMonth` to change the month on a date I'm pretty sure he's saying that they made it too easy to read, at the expense of being easy to write (with the premise that these are opposite ends of a spectrum stated above) It seems to be missing "aid and comfort" (from the clause of the U.S. Constitution about treason). Not sure if this is used anywhere else, but it seems similarly redundant from my non-lawyer perspective, in that if were only "aid" and not comfort, it seems absurd that it would be functionally different I have the QC25; they similalry for me as the other models do for you. I'd highly recommend them to someone looking for silence in an open office (Note that you'll have to be listening to some sort of sound for them to be maximally effective; simply turning on the noise cancellation without playing music or some other sound through them reduces the noise, but not by as much) > I carefully curate the people I follow, roughly for any given day, I can read the tweets in my timeline written on that day - all of them. When twitter's algorithm "surfaces" certain tweets, it removes them from the regular timeline, so if I dismiss their seemingly randomly selected "While you were away", I wont ever see them again! How brain-damaged is this? I have the exact same issue; I follow less than thirty accounts, and I want to read everything from all of them. When I tried dismissing the "While you were away...", I was missing many tweets, so I was forced to turn it back on. I bought the Lenovo Ideapad 700 a little over a month ago, and Linux has been running beautifully on it. I needed was to add a couple of kernel parameters to be able to adjust the backlight, but I had to use similar parameters for my last laptop, so it wasn't a surprise to me. It came with a 128 GB NVMe SSD as well as a 1 TB HDD (which I switched out for a spare SSD I had), 16 GB of RAM, and a 6th-gen i7 quad-core processor. The graphics card it came was with an Optimus setup (i.e. using the discrete Nvidia card for acceleration only and the integrated Intel graphics for everything else), but given that I don't do anything GPU-intensive and I didn't feel like doing an advanced setup like PRIME, I just disabled the discrete GPU in the bios settings. I find the touchpad to be very good quality, and it works beautifully with the defaults provided by the synaptics driver (I tried to use the newer libinput driver, but I couldn't find a way to turn off middle-click paste, so I switched back to synaptics). The screen is only 1080p, so it might seem a little low-res if you're used to Retina displays, although I honestly don't care enough to find it very noticeable. The only complain I have is that the computer beeps kind of loudly when you press the function shortcut to open the boot menu (e.g. in order to boot from USB), but given how infrequently I need to do that, it's not a huge deal to me. If you're interested, I got it through the link below for a pretty good price (the 'emailprice' querystring parameter seems to reduce the price by about $250, which is nice). http://www.adorama.com/le80ru00fsus.html?emailprice=t EDIT: If you have any specific questions about the laptop, I'd be happy to answer them! I'm extremely happy with it You're right, I completely forgot to mention the battery life! Mine is around 2-3 hours currently, and it will probably go down as it gets older. My last laptop had similar specs and similar battery life, so my current thinking is that most high-spec 15" laptops just have crappy battery life (although I've never owned a 15" Macbook, so if they have similar battery life to the 13" ones, they wouldn't fit this hypothesis). Of course, I have extremely few points of data for this, so if someone has had a different experience with a similar laptop, I'd love to hear about it! It does say "on the inside", which at least to me implies things like the processor and RAM and not the resolution of the screen (although I suppose opinions on this could differ) Actually, I think he meant it literally: http://www.earthkind.com/blog/fact-or-fiction-do-mice-really... And even worse, you have to download the font every time you load a different page using it, whereas you only have to download the browser once I guess my link was more relevant than I thought! Not saying you're wrong about this specific case, but I don't think the term "conflict of interest" is exclusive to the government. For (a somewhat vague) example, if I recommended my friend to a position at the company I worked for, "conflict of interest" would be an accurate descriptor for me being the one who interviews him for the position. Isn't it also possible that the strategies employed by top human players (e.g. deceit, having a gut feeling of what the opponent will do) could be less effective or even useless against an AI that doesn't think or act like a human player? Given how human-influenced the meta seems to be (at least, to my understanding), it seems plausible to me that this could be the case > restricting controls while typing is an arbitrary restriction considering they can communicate with audio asynchronously. On the other hand, if four people are simultaneously speaking to you, it's hard to understand all of them at once (especially if you're also talking at the same time); of course, an AI would presumably be able to communicate information much more quickly to other AIs than humans can to other humans, so limiting one to "speaking" at a time would probably not be that detrimental to them > I would have gone for Python-type exceptions rather than error enums and macros, single-inheritance OOP rather than traits, and Python-type with clauses rather than RAII. Personally, I find error enums with macros, traits over traditional OOP and RAII to be strictly positive features, and all three are among the (quite numerous) reasons that I love Rust I don't think it's discouraged (a least, not in the sense of it being considered bad); I think they're just being explicit about what guarantees you have (or rather, don't have) for recursive functions > It's very unlikely that a concept as broad as deceit is going to be disproven though. I mean just thinking about what that would look like that would mean an AI discovered that it's actually better to show your opponent what you're doing rather than trying to mislead them. I meant it in the other direction; what if top players rely extensively on deceiving each other, but an AI is better able to predict its opponent's strategy than a human an isn't fooled? Again, I'm not saying this is necessarily the case, but I don't think it's implausible I literally don't know anyone who actually uses their DE-specific editor, though I agree that jigsaw puzzles in general are not boring, but I also agree that 24-piece jigsaw puzzles are boring (at least, when they're not metaphorical) Or unplug them > If you're scrubbing the controller on the Touch Bar, you see the result on the screen, don't you? What if you touch the wrong part of the bar and accidentally do something else? I personally have trouble believing that I'd be able to consistently touch the right part of the bar without looking every time without there being an actual physical divide between the sections even if I did consistently remember the layout and functionality for every app I used. I think peripheral vision would help here, although that goes out the window if you're hooked up to a monitor and still using the built-in keyboard. I kind of have trouble imagining needing to use touch controls for a full thirty seconds for them to be useful. I don't even think I keep my hand on my mouse/trackpad for anywhere close to that amount of continuous time This gives me an idea. The keyboard on my phone recently added the feature to drag along the spacebar to move the cursor in the text, but it's far too small to be that useful. I think being able to swipe on the spacebar to move the cursor or horizontally scroll would be fairly useful (especially given how often I actually scroll slightly horizontally on trackpads when I try to scroll vertically) Hopefully the function keys on your external keyboard will still act like they used to! Am I the only one who just completely ignores `and` and `or` in Ruby in favor of `&&` and `||`? The boolean keywords do look nicer than the operators, but given that there are some contexts where you can only use the operators, I just don't bother using the keywords at all I'm utterly confused by your use of footnotes. You seem to have used two footnotes in your text (with the second one bizarrely being "3"), and then put three citations at the bottom, only one having a corresponding number in the text > whenever a company comes out with a linux-based "developer edition" laptop, folks don't buy it > The Dell XPS 13, for example, is a great looking machine - but too many folks were busy buying macbooks to help Dell learn this market segment does indeed want more products like this Not sure about the why other (potential) Linux users might not buy notebooks such as this, but despite single-booting Linux for the past several years, I wouldn't be any more likely to buy a computer with Linux pre-installed on it because the chances that the computer has a distro/configuration I would want to use is basically zero; if I'm going to have to reinstall Linux and/or configure it from scratch, then the fact that it's specifically marketed as a Linux laptop doesn't really give me anything. I suspect that this might be at least partially responsible for "developer edition" laptops failing, as at least in my anecdotal experience, many people who are looking for an out-of-the-box experience aren't generally inclined to use Linux as their main OS in the first place. I don't think calling someone a liar is the same as saying they don't know what they're talking about I was more talking about software (OS-specific and DE configuration, packages, etc.) rather than hardware. I've only first started using Linux about four years ago, and I understand it used to be quite different, but I've honestly never had any significant trouble with regards to hardware working on Linux. With the exception of the time that I put Arch on an extremely new Macbook, everything has always worked pretty well out of the box for me. The only hardware-related thing I've ever had to configure on my non-Apple laptops is adding a kernel parameter in the bootloader config to get the backlight adjustment to work. On the other hand, I've yet to find a distro that pre-installs a GUI with configuration and packages anywhere close to what I want in a setup. I go out of my way to use distros with an option to install without a desktop environment even if it has an option to install the one I want, since it usually comes with a lot of extra crap I don't want. Obviously I'm probably a little more extreme here than even most Linux users, but at least among Linux power users (i.e. the people I'd expect to be interested in buying a laptop to single-boot Linux) that I know, Unity is considered to be kind of terrible. Am I wrong in assuming that these types of "developer edition" laptops will generally come with a vanilla Ubuntu install? I admit that I've never really looked into getting one, so it's quite possible I'm mistaken in understanding the kind of setup they provide I mentioned this on the sibling comment, but I've honestly never had any issues with drivers/hardware support with Linux on laptops ( with the exception of putting Linux on an early 2015 Macbook shortly after they came out, which had a new wifi card model, one of those new-at-the-time force touch trackpads that used different drivers, etc.). That being said, I only started using Linux in 2012, and I know that things used to be much worse in that regard. As for technical support and training, I can see that being useful in an enterprise context, but again, I honestly can't see the type of people who want to single-boot Linux on their laptop being interested in support and training from Dell, HP, etc. It's been my experience that by the time someone is comfortable enough to use Linux as their sole OS (which many people don't want to do despite being comfortable enough due to needing Windows for other reasons, like gaming), they aren't really going to need or want any tech support from an OEM. You can also configure zsh to show you all the autocomplete options (files/directories, flags, command-specific arguments like git tags, etc.) and tab/arrow key through them visually: http://i47.tinypic.com/2qtwxnn.gif (The gif is a little slow, but you can obviously move through them a fast as you can hit the keys) I think the argument/joke he's trying to make is that he'd be happier without anyone using Windows (which would conveniently solve the problem of having to compile to Windows) I think this would actually be more comparable to the Either monad. Also, "without extra syntax or macros" is kind of a trivial distinction, as `>>=` is just a function, not some sort of magic. That being said, I really wish there were some sort of equivalent of `try` or `?` for options in Rust. I don't feel like I want monads in Rust in general, but when dealing with options, I definitely miss the Maybe monad. I kind of like how I can't forget to handle some error because the compiler will tell me In Rust, I think it's more idiomatic to just implement the `Display` trait on you error type so that you can generate the string when you need it instead of at the time the error occurs I guess I'm not seeing why having a function rather than a macro is really that much of a distinction in this case. Either way, it's essentially just a namespaced block of code that compiles down to an AST fragment; I don't think the facts that one of them uses the stack and that they're compiled at slightly different times really make much of a difference here. I usually just implement a `try_option` macro, which works well enough. I just wish it were a built-in thing in the language, as I don't like having to implement it for every new project, but I really don't want to include an external crate just for one macro. I generally tend to shy away from trying to convince people that they should change their operating system. I find it quite annoying in the (thankfully rare) occasions that some overzealous Mac user tries to tell me that my choice of machine/operating system is inferior, so I find it hard to believe that other people wouldn't feel the same way if I tried to someone else that their choice is incorrect (even if I feel strongly that it is). Of course, if someone is interested in learning more about Linux, I'll happily teach them as much as they want to know and give them my opinions of the advantages of using Linux. But unless the person is already open to hearing my opinions on the topic, it tends to be a waste of both of our time. Couldn't you also just open an incognito/private window in your browser, which would not have any cookies present and take virtually no effort (as opposed to manually editing the cookie or preventing it from being sent)? I might be misinterpreting this, but wouldn't that quote imply the opposite? If the states that voted for Clinton had fewer voters than before but she still won, the seems to me like that means that the people who did vote were Democrats, not those who didn't This seems to be devoid of any actual information besides what platforms it works on, and at least on my phone, I can't find any links to more information. What features does this have that make it better than what I already use? Is it open source, and if so, where can I look at the source code? Do I have to pay for this app or is it free (as in free beer)? Ah, from viewing the site on my desktop, I can see the link to the main site. It appears to be a paid app (but still in pre-release) EDIT: link to actual site: https://fman.io/ Is this available on Windows? The author made it pretty clear the target user was on a Windows machine You're probably right that Rust code isn't the most minimal way of doing this specific task, but I think the author's intended point was not "This specific task is best done by cross-compiling Rust for Windows" but rather "Rust is a viable alternative to using Python (or the like) for general-purpose cross-platform scripting; here is an example of something that's surprisingly easy to do with Rust". In this case, using a simpler example is just a way of making the demonstration of the concept easier, which I think is fairly effective. > Function keys are inverted by default and I have not established how to flip that at a system wide level Not sure about this specific Lenovo laptop, but if anyone else is having a similar issue on a Lenovo, I'd suggest checking the BIOS settings; my Ideapad 700 had a setting there called something like "legacy function keys", which made the function keys act like function keys by default (and required using the "Fn" modifier key in combination with a function key to change the backlight, volume, etc.) > My Magic Mouse 2 could only work like a dumb mouse Last I checked, I thought I saw this was a driver issue, not a DE one? I could be wrong, but I remember coming to the conclusion that it wouldn't work as anything but a dumb mouse at all on Linux (at least, for the time being) I've used this analogy as well to describe my tics to people, which I think has been fairly effective in communicating how it feels (at least, to people who are open-minded enough to learn about it) I was diagnosed with Tourette's in elementary school, but I've had tics for as long as I can remember. Similar to the author, I had a lot of negative experiences early on with people (both adults and other kids) mocking and telling me that I "did not have Tourette's". Starting around high school though, people seemed to become more open-minded about it, which I can only assume is due to people finally considering me old enough to be a credible source about my own health. I'm much younger than the author though (currently only 22), so I can only imagine how much more difficult it would have been to have to deal with ignorant people 30 years ago. I sometimes wonder what would have happened to me if I were born several decades earlier; with the combination of my Tourette's, OCD, ADHD, and anxiety, I can't imagine I would have been able to get the support and help I needed to become the self-sufficient adult I am today I suppose it might be possible to tell when someone is incorrect about a perceived medical condition if you know them well, but I can't imagine meeting someone for the first time and telling them that they don't have a medical condition that they say they have (which has happened to me countless times over the years with my Tourette's). Given that I've been diagnosed by multiple doctors, this either means that they don't trust medicine or they think that I would lie about a medical diagnosis (again, without having met me before). Maybe you can understand why some people think it's reasonable to tell compete strangers that their medical diagnosis a sham or that they're liars, but I definitely can't. Not taking a side on the whole Linux vs. GNU/Linux thing, but the kernel is decidedly not called GNU/Linux; it's just Linux. I don't believe in homeopathy because there's no scientific or medical evidence that it works. Fibromyalgia is a documented medical condition that actual doctors diagnose. I'm sorry, but I don't really see a parallel here. (That being said, I didn't downvote you; even if I wanted to, I don't have the karma for it) I'm not sure I understand the term "illegal operation" here. I would assume it means "an operation that isn't allowed", but in the case anything that is allowed (e.g. using null) would by definition not be illegal. Can you clarify what you mean by this term? Ah, so the term in this case is just used to mean "something that cases a runtime error"? I think I misunderstood because the comment I was responding to said "using a null reference", which to me doesn't necessarily imply dereferencing it (although that's open to interpretation of course). > Still better is grouped alphanumeric without potentially ambiguous characters (ie. generate number-1's but not letter-I's, generate number-0's but not letter-O's) git license-plate? I think from the fact that it was in quotes, "home" just means your default number