Two issues: 1) What motivates you? For some, it's desire. For others, it's fear. Envy is a form of desire. Doing anything with all your soul -- pouring yourself into something -- is your job in life as far as I'm concerned. Pick whatever works for you. Whatever keeps you moving. 2) It also depends on what you envy. I envy people that have made a positive difference in people's lives. Other things seem kind of stupid to me, like money and fame. You can inherit money, or trick somebody out of it, so while it's nice, it's more like the scoreboard on a basketball game. You don't play basketball by looking at the scoreboard. Fame is too much a crap shoot. Plus I'd rather have freedom to invent and innovate than having the world watching my every move. Model. In UML. Use whatever tool works for you. I like Enterprise Architect. Lets me break apart any kind of complex problem, whether it's components, hardware, logical structures, rule systems, etc. Plus it's programmable so I can take some of that design work and translate it into working code quickly. A lot of guys, especially in start-ups, don't get modeling. They think you're trying to plan too much. The trick is to model quickly and at a high conceptual level. That gives you your organizational structure (within 20% or so) to manage complexity. You can still code and adapt quickly. If you over-plan (or model), however, you limit your options and force a lot of decisions up front which might could wait for later. That's counterproductive. Living expenses are the reason I'm not applying. Unless you somehow lose intelligence and execution ability when you get married and have kids, the structure doesn't make sense to me. It seems to be geared towards single, foot-loose folks. As somebody who's put long hours in on multiple technology projects, I don't feel that having a higher overhead translates to being a worse risk. After all, what are we talking about here? The difference between 5 and 10K, or something like that? Being hungry is great. Having your wife call you every day to tell you the house is getting repossessed is counter-productive. I agree that the knowledge and contacts are what you guys should be going for. Running on savings and forgetting about the money is the only strategy I can figure that works for us "high maintenance" entrepreneurs. If I apply, I'll just make sure I have money in savings to run for six months or so first. Ouch. No it's not. But neither am I here to please the universe. I'm just saying that it's not a lot of money. Perhaps it is to you. I can make that money as pocket change in a very short amount of time in my normal consulting business. If YC wants to pay 10 bucks for their team members, more power to them. Not my call. They've got their math to do and I've got mine. Even families have profit/loss statements and break-even points. Their rates have consequences. After all the universe is not here to please them either, right? Come on, guys. These replies are just pot shots. Take the snarkiness somewhere else. I've worked 3-6 month projects where every minute was slinging code. And I regularly put my house and family on the line for my business. I already have a business. I show companies how to run technology teams. I'm just looking to move into startup country because I like that environment more than the suit and tie world. I've led 5-person startup teams, and I've led 40-person rearchitecture groups. I like the startup teams a lot better. Thank you for reminding me why I don't post on internet boards. When the cheap shots fail, the personal attacks begin. It seems like it is always easier to make yourself look good by hacking apart somebody else. I was hoping this board would be a little better than that. For the record, I'm not saying I could do anything. I'm not saying PG or anybody else stays up at night worrying about my participation or lack of it. You know nothing of my lifestyle, and you don't know me. I didn't post in here to make any kind of comment on YC, PG, or anybody else. I only wanted to point out that the cost of living is a factor for other people in whether they participate or not. That's it. BTW, it's not a question of "is it enough to meet YC's goals" It's a question of whether it is enough to meet both parties' goals. That's the way business works -- both parties have capabilities and needs. Business is when there is a trade between these capabilities and needs. It's never a one-way street. Since in my job I have to quote hourly and daily rates to people, I always keep in the back of my mind a rate for "barely living", a rate for "swimming", and a rate for "comfortable living". I'm always aware of the amount of money it takes to pay the mortgage, lights, car payment, etc. That's the thing about getting married and having kids: it makes your life a lot more complicated. Personally I don't mind living out of an apartment and eating noodles for 3 or 4 months. I could even skip a couple months on the mortgage if I had to. But when they start taking away things your family needs to survive, like a house, then that's not eating steaks, that's starving. While I have no problem gambling my family's assets on my business, I don't feel it is morally right to actually lose everything they have. Now if it was just me, that's a different story. At one point in my life, due to a fire when I was in my 20s, I lost everything I had. In a way, it's a totally liberating experience. Most people really don't need all that crap they surround themselves with every day. That's why I replied to the article. I can see both sides of the story. Most young single guys don't need a lot of money (especially with Web applications) to make a go of it. The numbers get bigger with a wife, and they get even bigger with kids. That's not wanting Filet Mignons, that's just life. I agree. I think you hit the nail on the head. But you can't do both at the same time. Good one-on-one consulting (or anything, for that matter) requires you to be 24/7 thinking of your client and their problems, not yours. Perhaps other guys are better at multi-tasking among completely different things. To me, you've got to pour your heart and soul into it, or it's not worth doing. That's just the OCD-kinda guy I am :) My biggest problem isn't the savings, it's the team. I chose to live in a really rural area, which is great for kicking back after getting off a jet from somewhere, but really sucks wind when it comes to meeting and forming teams. I'm waiting for one of these YC groups to help us hermit schmucks out with some good team-formation software. I'm an old fart (42) who's been working for myself in various capacities for 20 years. I find there are two people that ask the question. 1) The jealous/conformist. They are asking you why you are not participating in the rest of the system as they understand it. A polite smile (as you would give an idiot or child) and a "So far things are going really well. I find I don't really need a regular job" works, because it lets them feel like they know what a "regular" job is an reinforces their value system. It also makes them even more jealous, and that's a nice benefit. 2) People who just don't understand. My mom and stepdad fall into this category. They don't mean anything -- they simply have no concept of how a person could exist without working for some other organization. I've been working on my parents for the entire 20 years, to little effect. With these people, just be patient. An 80-year-old without a computer is not going to understand Web 2.0 no matter what. So it's not like even if you had a "job" they would even understand then. To them, you'll probably always be sitting around playing pong or watching Star Trek TOS and having money for some strange reason. What you build should be scalable, whether you are on one server or a thousand. I'm a huge VM fan, mainly because of the complexity of some systems we use. If you solve your app for a few VMs somewhere, it becomes trivial (mostly) to scale. Then you can do backups easily, share snapshots of complex systems, allocate hardware resources virtually, etc. Not sure about Xen, though. I've been using VMWare for a bit and I'm a happy customer.I would be interested in hearing how the various VM tools compare. What I'd like to accomplish: Become Master of Space and Time What I expect to do first: Apply to YC For some reason, I'm having some trouble with some of the steps in between. (grin) I was thinking what I needed was a sock puppet, or maybe a website with a name with too many vowels, like ooweblioo. I'm also considering a folksonomy of avatars, or maybe a paradigm-shifting web 3.0 application that virtualizes social dynamics in a new dimension. Dang! That sounds great! I think I'll call the puppet Bob. Man, I'm almost there. Good neetings are things you go into not knowing what the answer is -- they're for synergy. Body language, group particpation, and consensus building are important. E-mail is for presenting an case, making a conclusion, and asking for agreement. It's a longer format where you get a chance to speak in a one-way fashion. The phone is great for immediate decision-making: the server is down and I need to know whether to ring the alarm bell or not. With the phone you can get a lot out of voice inflection that you can't get with IM or email. In general, written format is very tough to do humor, nuance, sarcasm, and negotiation. BTW, the term "meeting" is way overrated. If you're doing work in a group, do the work, whether it's at the water cooler, Starbucks, whatever. There's a whole science involved in making a good meeting, but I'd just focus on the work and make the communication format fit the goal. Use common sense. You obviously can't make a marketing strategy using IM, email, or twitter, so some kind of meeting/workgroup is in order. Likeise, if you've stopped five people working to tell them the code just built, you need to do a little thinking about choosing better formats. A program that scours the obituaries to reverse-engineer email addresses and online identities so that people that you've met online can find out you've croaked. Hey -- if the money's there, it's a business :) Seriously. That what makes this exercise a little dubious. It's never version 1.0 of the idea. Sometimes it might be version 23 For example, here's v2.0 of my idea. Identity Life Insurance. For a fee, either use the internet and/or a physical inspection of people's computers after death to shut down online accounts and notify correspondents that you are deceased (and perhaps what to do about sending flowers, etc) This would give the insured privacy in their final online affairs and also make sure the people you chat with daily know what happened to you. Sales would be to traditional insurance companies (which could offer it as a rider) and funeral homes. Now does that sound better? The fun of this game isn't necessarily in the idea, it's in the evolution of the idea in response to market forces. Cool stuff! Yes. Of course. But there are many problems with your assertion that it's just knowing someone who will follow directions: 1) Many people do not know enough technology to be able to track all the accounts a user might have. 2) Many users don't want their families going through their accounts when they die (ie, cybersex and online fantasy issues) 3) Some people may die unexpectedly, with insurance but no directions as far as online presence 4) The average family memeber when left with an unexpected death, even with a list of online associates, will not know how to approach these people (what were their roles in the deceased life?) or what to say 5) It's just a hassle and is easier to have someone else do it and 6) It's not something people think about a lot, but with the wired-up X Generation and tail-end-of-the-boomers getting older, it will become a more pronounced issue. I would ask yourself a few honest questions if I were you. 1) Do you want to change the world, really? Or do you just want to feel good? Lots of people have spent lots of money on eliminating poverty. And it's still here. That's not saying it's a lost cause, only that the benefit for all those other people was that it made them feel like they were trying. One day we will succeed. Until then, the numbers look like a long-shot.Same goes for a lot of other feel-good type investments: curing hunger, curing cancer, eliminating oppression, etc.There's a huge multi-billion-dollar industry built up around making rich people feel better by writing checks. It's a noble cause, if that's your thing. 2) Are you smart enough to know what to do? The beauty of capitalism is that progres chases benefit: you don't make money for _not_ helping people, if only a little bit. Now you can take the profit factor out, but then you've got a charity, not a business. Businesses have to provide value. 3) Isn't the best thing you can do is provide man-hours? In your example, you ask if use by 1% of people in the richest country a good moral choice. Let's say the toy saves an hour each week. That's 4 million people, saving one hour a week,in the richest country in the world. Assuming $40 per hour, You've roughly created $8 Billion in time for those people. Maybe 95% of that time will be spent playing Donkey Kong, watching American Idol, or picking their nose. Still, you've got $400 Million in return for what? A few hundred grand or a mil or two? And those 5% will spend their time doing things they are passionate about that _they_ feel will make a difference. So if you're still feeling guilty, target some investment money in saving time for scientists -- all scientists. If you could save them a few hours each week, imagine how much value you could add? So yes, time-saving toys for rich, productive people are the best use of my time that I can see. Perhaps other see it differently. Christmas Tree Machines. We've seen the beginnings of home fabrication (including fabricating entire homes!) but as this technology progresses, it will impact the entire supply chain and wholesale/retail sector. May be a hundred years, though. But we've seen the beginnings already. It's great to see the widget market getting so hot! I was in early with my blogging toolkit, now everybody's in the game. I wonder if some of these are true "widgets" (plug in anywhere with simple script a novice can use, interactive, live updating, multi-user, etc) or are just glorified links back to Amazon. Looks like it's a little of both -- you can have as much fun as you want, as long as it has to do with some kind of Amazon product! LOL. Not sure the name fits, perhaps Adget might be better. Yes. I think this is blatant advertising. They should at least try to mix in a little more direct value to the consumer. If I want to browse Amazon, why would I want to do it from a litle widget (or Adget)? It's just a dressed-up ad. What's the value to the consumer (ignoring the Amazon referral system for a moment) to stick with one advertiser on their blog? Google AdWords makes more sense -- at least it is contextual (and presumably competitive) Compare this to a real widget, where the emphasis is on an open API: (flash demo) http://www.batback.net/home/batBackDemo2.html To me, a widget is a platform for plug-and-play generic web functionality. The emphasis is on, yes, building a platform. (It's a platform! Egads!) Seriously -- if you're so vertical you're just an "Amazon" widget, you're just a one-note band. There's so much more that can be done, and my bet is that consumers are going to want more, not less, choices out of the same widget. You only have so much space on your site, right? Looking at these comments, I'd say you could get money for basically nothing if you could get people to argue all day. Perhaps you should consider a career in the radio talk-show business. As enjoyable as getting money for just existing would be, imagine how much more fun it would be to get money for doing something that you love and that made a difference to other people. I've been thinking about these comments and would like to add one more thing: Perhaps the debate about ID, abortion, pigs swimming with sheep, etc should be taken somewhere else. That makes sense to me. It's not relevant to the purpose as I understand it of the board and we're never all going to agree. But the business ideas that spring from controversial ideas should absolutely be part of a startup board, in my opinion. So aside from the joke I made, in all seriousness, the question is: what kinds of business opportunities are there that relate to your interests? It would seem to me that the more controversial your interests, the tighter the market niche you are going to find. Perhaps bear polishers are a tight-knit group and have been looking for a social portal website. Perhaps cigarette smokers who like the Three Stooges are underrepresented in the market. Let's face it: a lot of web applications have a big marketing/popularity aspect to them. Anybody who feels passionately about any topic should ask themselves how many other people feel the same way, and is there some service that could be offered to them that would help them out. That's what it's all about, right? So yes, I'd be very interested in talking about some issue I might have problems with in terms of what the business opportunities were. Now there's a moral component: you don't want to support cigarette smokers, you don't want to help IDers, etc. I can respect that. Personally, I think it's awful to devise something to help out Islamic Fundamentalists. I could not do or support anything like that because I feel it hurts other people directly (as in kaboom, not as in it makes their mind mush). So on those topics, perhaps it is best to self-censor in order to allow the business conversation to continue, at least as much as possible. And yes, the post was a troll, but it brought up an interesting point, I skipped philosophy and always regretted it, for the same reasons pg mentions (it seems to be the ultimate in reality) In the last 3 years, however, I've picked up some great philosophy CDs from The Teaching Company. I spent 400 bucks instead of all that tuition, and I learned enough philosophy to really appreciate it. I agree somewhat and disagree somewhat with Paul's essay. On one hand, pragmatism seems to be the only rational resposne to so much generalizing! And he's right -- philosopher's have continuously pushed the boundaries of language well past the breaking point. But I think Paul overgeneralizes, which is ironic since that seems to be part of the claim he's making against philosophy. I view the field as really smart people trying to come to grasp ultimate truths on which the rest of science can be constructed. Many times they have succeede, like J.S. Mills, or Newton. Philosophy generates science. But you can't take it too seriously. Philosophy is like a dance, or a way to play the tuba. If you're having fun with it, and you're generating something of value (I would agree with the life-changing criteria but simply making a buck from geralizing where nobody else did is enough for me) then you're a philosopher. Anybody who's ever sat designing a program where you get that "a ha!" moment, where you realize by generalizing in these few areas you've made a whole new practical and valuable thing, is right up there with Russell in my book. Anybody who has went through requirements sessions, only to have the code still not match the needs because of the slipperiness of language understands Wittgenstein. There's some similarity. Only this time, the big companies are buying up the little fish early in the game and absorbing them into operations -- which is probably a much saner thing to do than everybody betting they have the next Google. We're seeing the beginning of "retail startups", where we can spit them out like six packs of Coke, fund them, get them bought up by Amazon or whomever. The industry really wanted to get to this point in '99. They've made a lot of progress since then. Sorry to post twice, but this is a pet topic. Software is applied philosophy. Where else can you deal with everything that western philosophy offers, from classification to epistemology to the philosophy of language and science -- and at the end of the day produce something that has immediate value for someone? All of this working, real-world stuff we're doing, from heuristics to machine learning and meta-programming -- it's all applied philosophy. I'll elaborate: in systems design you start with nothing. With words, ideas, feelings. Heck -- most of the time people can't even express what they want the system to do! When you start like that, you are in a completely impracticable spot. Not only that, but when you do get the words out, they're all just abstractions of other things. "We'd like the user to see the most relevant article" Well gee, what do you mean by "relevant"? What do you mean by "see"? It's the same exact problem you face when you're talking about stuff most people consider BS, like are we real or not. So you start in this totally meaningless set of concepts, you refine, you abstract, you categorize -- in short, you take a trip through each of the major branches of philosophy. When they say "user", do they mean something that is part of an abstract type of "person"? Or is that over-designing? When we look at scaling past ten million users, what's the impact of applying various principles of set theory, such as normalization? When we say we want the machine to learn what the user wants, do we really mean just what his next actions will be? We do all of this automatically, without realizing that some pretty smart other people have walked many of these roads before. Because those guys have been there, done that, all of these sciences have been created: sciences like hardware and software design, debugging, complexity theory. For the most part, we don't need to learn about all of these smart people and the full stories of their ideas. After all, only about 1 or 2 percent of what they did lived on after them. But by understanding a more complete version of what they thought, sometimes it can save you going down a dead end. And heck, it can just make discovering the answer more fun. And at the end, when all of that BS comes toghether for a real, live, working system? It's a thing of beauty. Did you even build a system for a large organizatino and every department had a different idea of what reality was? Did you look for wrong and right people, or think of the word "paradigm" (Kuhn -- sort of) You can't take philosophy like you would a hard science. It doesn't progress or evolve from one phase to another, and half of it doesn't even make sense with the other half. That's okay, though. It doesn't mean that it is not useful, just different. I read NKS. Good book! Especially for math, physics, and programming geeks. There has been a lot of speculation that the universe is a simulation. If Wolfram manages to ascertain the rules and network that "runs" the universe, then the question becomes whether a universe is a simulation, or just acts like one. Is there a difference between something that has only computational rules and structure and a computer program? I think I can try to answer your question. No, you are not wrong, but I believe in software there is always a balance. If I have a problem, and you've said you would fix it, it is reasonable for me to expect some things out of our arrangement: dates, notifications, whatever. It varies by how anal I am and how much I trust you or don't trust you to make my problem go away. Even if there is no customer-vendor relationship, let's say you are working on your own for your own startup, or you are doing your own thing for Google or somebody. Even then you still have to meet some dates. Once you promise a beta, guess what? Code's gotta happen between now and then. If people ask you what you're doing, it might help to have a powerpoint, email, song, or something to be able to explain what your plan is. I don't know if you're a prima donna or not, but I do know that early in my programming experience, I thought code was an art form. Later on I realized that they call it software engineering for a reason: you can make solutions happen with some kind of repeatability. That doesn't mean there isn't creativity involved, but it means that sometimes we flatter ourselves with thinking we're being creative when really we're just reinventing the wheel and putting our name on it. Think of it like writing a piece of music. You can be as creative as you want, but still there is a lot of pre-existing stuff that you must deal with: measures, notation, instruments, schedules, patrons, etc. Yes -- you can throw any and all of that away, but THAT only works if you understand what each part contributes. So there's no free ride: you just can't declare yourself creative and immune to the imposition of the rest of reality. So yes, you can expect somebody to ask for dates, requirements, etc -- that's what outsiders always do. I imagine some places are worse about it than others. That's just my opinion, for what it's worth. Wolfram's a lot smarter than I am, but I believe he also believes the function is discrete and not continuous. In fact, he makes the point in NKS that we may have went off the rails with Newton and the calculus. It may turn out that the universe is discrete and that our understanding of it as continuous is just an artifact of not having the computational power to see how discrete functions can effectively look continuous at a much larger scale (sort of a reverse proof of the integral) It blows my mind. But if you're a genius, might as well have a hobby, right? I'm just glad he took this up instead of bowling. Just thought I would add that clarification in there, because I know the word "function" has a lot of meanings to people. I've long thought that the mentor/mentee model was the way to go in this business. There are simply too many wrong doors to open and things to chase that don't amount to much. And I'm speaking only for the technology side -- I imagine the business side is just as bad. Good luck with you idea. I don't have any concrete suggestions except finding a market will be tough: there are lots of things that "should" happen that never seem to work out. I've done technology mentoring for several years now on the side. I've found that you have to be co-located for it to work effectively. It's one thing to be a voice on the phone or an icon on IM, it's something else entirely to drop by for lunch, take a look at the build, and roll your sleeves up and pitch in. That's a face-to-face kind of thing. As another commenter pointed out, a lot of people don't feel like they need any help. Those that might entertain the idea want to see that you can walk the walk and not just talk the talk -- which is exactly as it should be. So I'd look locally if you can. Agreed. That's the trick -- a good mentor will show you the world and tell you about different places you might want to go. He can even help you book the ticket, but he can't make your decisions for you. A mentor is not a cofounder, is not a coder, and is not a partner. It's like my father-in-law, the carpenter who lives out of town. I know nothing of wood-working, so if I need some work done, I use him as a mentor. He doesn't show up and do the work, but he guides me around the arena and shows me what to worry about and what not to worry about. Maybe I'll hire out contractors, or maybe I'll do it myself. In the modern world, you can't do everything yourself, so it's good to have somebody with that information. Good mentors are priceless, and we use them all the time without thinking about it. But you have to be clear about roles and expectations. I wonder if the people writing this article are as competent in this field as they think they are? I wonder how much of their time the second time around was saved because they had already built so much back-end? I know the gist of the article is to concentrate on ideas and user experience instead of features, but having all that work in place had to be a big boost for them. I think some of the best programs I've seen were built once, thrown away, then built again. Once you start coding, it is easy to put the blinders on and think only in terms of features and not users. Likewise, it's easy to think of a million user experiences you want to provide without having any clue how the pieces are coming together. In a way, they had two startups, one for each problem. Seems like it worked out well for them. Knowing when to build and when to buy is a biggie. Especially in web development, you can get these huge honking Javascript libraries that do maybe 1 thing you need. Just build it already. On the other hand, once you start writing a _system_ to do something, like tag clouds or rounded corners or something like that, use some common sense and at least take a look at what's out there. Sometimes you can pick up some lightweight stuff that can save you a bunch of time. What's the saying? Good authors borrow from others. Great authors steal. Let's recap. 1) If you build a cool site that's interactive and brings in lots of users, most likely it has a "popularity curve" where it's really cool at first, then it's the thing to do, then it's kind of old hat, and finally you are left with the die-hards. Perhaps some sites keep users for 15 years, but to me building the next cool social networking site for pet rock lovers (or whatever) looks more like creating a popular TV show. 2) Big companies come along and buy up these small fish while they are in their growth phase. The more users you have and the faster you are growing, the more perceived value you have. 3) They then absorb small fish into their larger operations, eventually completely consuming small fish. Oddly enough, this keeps them from following the same popularity curve as everybody else: they are always refreshing the mix by bringing in new blood and content. This means there is a huge amount of pressure on large organizations to buy up small companies. Very interesting. 4) As an entrepreneur, you always have to ask yourself whether you still have a long way to grow, or if you are closing in to your peak. The related article says that Facebook will peak, and I believe it. The problem is that every company believes it will change and dominate the world as we know it. Rationally, Facebook owners need to make the call about where the most value is. But there might not be a lot of rational thinking going on at this point. Sorry to repeat all of that. I was just trying to get my head around the concepts in the related articles. Good food for thought! I love contrarian articles. "catering to prejudice" brings to mind setting up sites for the KKK or something. This is more like girls wanting to look like Britney, or kids dancing like Michael Jackson, or yuppies competing for the best BMW, or strippers getting boob-jobs. It's a social-fashion issue. Yes, perhaps there is prejudice involved, but it sounds more like garden-variety fashion and competition based on looks than deep-seated racism. The better question to me is where do you draw the line. What's a business model that you wouldn't execute? I draw the line at companies who do not treat people in a way that they themselves would want to be treated and that causes direct bodily harm. For example, if you've got a web site selling drugs to kids over the internet, that's obviously not something you would want sold to your kid. In my late twenties I was brought in as the superstar on a startup. The "idea guy" was a former professor of software engineering and a former VP for a large electronics firm. Hey -- he was a teacher! And a VP for quality! What could go wrong? I staffed a very small team and we took off. Every day my idea guy would wonder around the office, (his basement) coming up with some kind of new thing or two that was cool. It was distracting as heck. I finally took him aside and told him that we could do a certain amount of work each time-box (which I believe was 3 weeks) but we couldn't work in an environment where we didn't know from day-to-day what we were doing. Interestingly, the other main programmer said that I was being too anal. So the idea guy and I had words and I left. The company never did pan out. Being agile is what it is all about, but you have to actually _do_ something for that truism to work. This is like the guys who sit in the stands at major sporting events. It's easy to have some master plan that changes whenever the mood strikes when you don't have any skin in the game to make something happen. This is why it's better to have geeks who are also idea guys -- they realize the cost associated with the ideas. Just because you can say it easily doesn't mean you can create it easily. Dude -- I'm sure these guys are your friends and you've been through a lot. But there's lots of serious, focused work involved with making a startup happen. It sounds like what you've got is more of a painful group hobby. I think it might be time to consider a better format for being productive. Welcome to the crack cocaine of geekdom. Once you figure out you can bill whatever you can negotiate, it makes it really hard to do startup work. The most dangerous part about it is that you always know you can pick up a bag of cash if you need it. When you've always got an attractive and easy "out", it's always out there calling to you. Yet another reason to do your startup when you are as young as possible. Is it a journey of self-discovery? Or were those people simply the right people to make the observations they did? I would be careful with cause and effect. It may be that brain structures allow one person, say, a greater ability to see in the dark and notice the tiger that is about to pounce while another cannot. But the tiger is not a result of that person. The observation of the tiger is a result of brain structure or whatever. The tiger exists with or without the person noticing it. This is beginning to set off my BS alarm, but suffice it to say that philosophers seem to have made discoveries quite apart from the structure of their brains or personalities. They've also indulged in a lot of pontificating and wondering about based on their unique brain structures, no doubt. But I would be careful in using neuroscience to explain philosophy. I've read some studies that show that some brains are more conservative than others, and some are more liberal. This might be really cool in 100 years once all the noise comes out of the experiments, but for now, it poses more of a danger than a benefit to the layreader, imo. We're just at the stage of correlation. Nobody that I know of is talking about causation for some of these higher-order effects. The business side of this is cold and harsh, as it always is. But as far as keeping a friend? He's a teacher, right? Why don't you sell him on the idea about learning how other startups succeed? I'll never forget reading "A Good Hard Kick in the Ass" several years ago. It completely changed the way I understood how startups work. Perhaps you could sell him on the idea that you're feeling a little frustrated, and perhaps other teams out there have learned something that might be useful to you guys. I also liked "Founders at Work" which I read a while ago. I wouldn't bury the guy in material -- after all, if you give him too much he'll just blow it off. But I'd find some text that made the case and _was presented by another person who is an authority_. That way, it's not a you vs. him deal, it's just a couple of friends discovering how things work. Good luck. If he's smart and your friend I'm sure he'll see the value of a structured approach to creativity. The trick is to be non-confrontational. Let the ideas battle it out, and not the people. We should talk. I'm in need of some kind of 12-step group. Seriously. I'd like to hear more about how you managed to quit. I know YC likes to see ideas with big potential markets, but I can't help wondering if there is a sort of herd mentality that goes along with startup ideas. Obviously, social networking is par for the course. Is there a play to be made on ideas that are not in favor? Perhaps ideas that are on the way out? For instance, based on this article, would there be a business model in, say, creating custom vinyl records based on user's MP3 files and cover art? Since these are declining businesses the huge numbers probably aren't there, but they might make a nice place fora bootstrapper to go -- perhaps a little safer than competing with the majority of investment money. I think maybe you missed the point. If most people stop using and buying records, that's a "dying business model", right? So riddle me this, Batman: are there people who are going to keep using records? If so, it's certainly not for the ability to hear the music -- that problem has been solved better. Is it a lifestyle choice? Is it because they are anti-technology? So while one definition of the record business shuts down, is there another definition that will take its place? Hey -- the answer might very well be "no". But if it is yes, it's certainly not the same business model that died. It's a whole new market, with new drivers, new players, and new distribution channels. It's also a market where there is going to be lots of talent lying around that isn't being used any more (like how to design good covers, various custom record production techniques, etc) Continuing on in my example, if you could find 10 million folks all over the world interested in something to do with records -- custom records, records as bird houses, records as the new frisbees, whatever -- and you can market something to them that they want, that's called a business. Running away from the competition has nothing to do with it. I'm asking a simple leverage question: given two markets of equal size and a limited budget, do you compete with a hundred other small businesses, some of which with a lot of funding? Or do you compete with 4 or 5 business, all of which are figuring it out just like you are? I'm not taking a position. In fact, my question was "is there a contrarian play to be made?" BTW, thanks for the link. Obviously, you want competitors. But as the article points out, you want to pick them well. My intention was not to suggest to enter markets without competitors. Sorry if if that's what it seemed. In my mind, there's no dumber and bigger competitor than a big industry sitting on top of a "dying business model". That's because as I point out, it's easy for the most profitable business model to change without the industry being able to acknowledge it. Seems to me that 4 or 5 competitors who are making money in a new field where there is no main player is a good spot to be in. Sometimes differentiation in a large hotly-competitive market is more hype than reality. Need a little more information. Is this a startup without any programmers who is looking for an integrated team member? Or is there already a lot of technical people on staff and you're just looking to offload some of the work? It makes a big difference. I've got to admit feeling more and more disenchanted with FaceBook and MySpace. There's a difference between addictive and useful. FaceBook is addictive, but are all those people really my friends? (Real friends are people who will help you move furniture) Isn't it a lot like the devil spawn between a phonebook and a gossiping game? LinkedIn to me seems a little more honest. It's there for business purposes. FaceBook looks just like a huge time sink. A online video game designed around human's social instincts. Hey. I'm old and probably don't get it. I like to spend my time doing things that have impact in the real world, even if it's programming or engaging in discussions. What does FaceBook do? Exist? Perhaps there is some new kind of socializing and friendship that's being created with Web 2.0. Fine. That makes sense. But the individual still has to do the cost-reward work. At the risk of being branded a heretic, I'm afraid "Do something users want" might be incomplete, at least from a consumer's standpoint. Note that I'm talking about FaceBook and MySpace exclusively. The whole "how many people can you actually physcially relate to at any one time" is a different question entirely. Discussion boards, especially good ones, seem to me to be a different animal. Apologies for using the word "hacked" -- I meant the system was hacked, not necessarily the database. Durn title was long enough already. I wasn't trying to do a Digg, honest. My point was that as sites grow in popularity, there's this huge arms race that goes on. In addition, as the internet goes everywhere, you can pay a thousand people a buck a day to do the hacking for you. It's a huge problem, and some thought has to be given to it even as a startup, imo. There's a lot of ways you can trick or "hack" Google. I can think of 2 or 3 right now that might work, and I'm sure there are others. This looks like something that involves a lot of resources. We may be seeing the beginning of a sort of economic Web war, where one side spends tens of millions to break into and use a trusted system and another side spends tens of millions to prevent it. We've seen a lot of little petty stuff with botnets and DOS attacks over the years, but it could be that the game is scaling up to a even higher level. Agreed. Look -- you can't succeed unless you're in it the whole way, but you're a person, not a robot. Unless you balance your life somehow, you won't make the race. The coder who works a 24-hour day is not necessarily any better than one who watches a movie and codes for one hour. That's the crazy thing about this business. You have to make sure your brain is as tuned up as possible. Running fast is never going to get you as far as running smart. Wow. I like this article a lot. I think it captures the essence of what we're all talking about. Having said that, it's not a one-size-fits-all kind of deal. I certainly wouldn't want my brain surgeon saying "Hey. Let's just cut this schmuck's head open and see what we get, okay? Where's that can opener?" A startup looking for user desires and aligning them with economics is a simple system. Act more and plan less to do it right. Brain surgery, creating the space shuttle code, or integrating all of GE's client software is not a simple system. Here's the kicker: some of these are complex because of the underlying nature of the problem (brain surgery) and some are complex because of the underlying nature of the _people_ (GE). Still, the end is the same. No amount of fast prototyping and "users love me" is going to fly in a complex environment. Now you might invent it and sell it to GE, but that's a different story. Simple environments mean you have to plan to answer simple questions, like "am I making something that users want?". Complex environments mean you have to plan to answer all kinds of other questions, like "How do I communicate what we're doing to 30 important stakeholders, some of whom may not like our project?" BTW, I hate complex environments. So yes, by all means make something quickly and adapt. But know when that strategy works and when it doesn't. I've always heard the brain was the most complex thing that we know about. And I've always heard that brain surgeons spend a considerable amount of time planning some operations due to the complexity involved (although I am sure not all operations). It's also not an either-or choice. Sometimes you can plan to do two weeks of work, then observe, then do it again. I think it's a mistake to view the spectrum as only having two spots, total planning and completely inductive. Learning how to mix and match is probably a better skill than blindly following either extreme, imo. I believe there are several problems with the premise of your question: 1) It assumes that the poster has described the entire problem. Due to the nature of printed material, things like background, emotions, personality, etc many times are not conveyed completely. Most questions are woefully under-detailed. Most times you are answering what you _think_ the person really asked. 2) It assumes that there is a generalization or rule that the question falls under. Things like "Do I like ice cream?" don't have any kind of generalization to have exceptions from. Not everything is quantitative. 3) It assumes that only one set of patterns can be determined from the same initial data. Many times, multiple patterns apply to the same data. 4) It's not the way people communicate. People are not logicians.When you are a kid and touch a hot stove, your mom didn't give you the formulae for thermodynamics. She probably said something like "Don't do that!" As you got older and our problems got more complicated, the stories got more elaborate. But they were always stories. This is because people naturally communicate by anecdote, something anthropologists have been observing for decades. An anecdote is always true -- but more specific theories and generalizations suffer from 1-3 above. I admire your quest for certainty. I was that way myself back when I was younger, that is, until I realized -- -yikes! I'm doing it! See what I mean? It's everywhere. As a big aviation and space junkie, this has been buggin' me for some time. I remember the astronauts on the moon (I was but a wee lad at the time) saying that in a few years, the new Space Shuttle would be hauling up cargo every week or so into earth orbit. Our new space pickup truck would mean space access for all. It was all BS. In fact, there is a long list of BS that we've heard about NASA. The problem is that, just like big IT, NASA is big space. It works under the idea that one big honking agency can do everything for everybody. And when you really look at it, NASA is all about politics and not performance, as it is with most programs run by politicians. NASA needs to do one thing: reduce cost to orbit by developing/sponsoring new high-risk technologies. If they can whack cost to orbit by a factor of a hundred, the market will take care of the rest. We won't have these political debates about whether to fix the Hubble ST because it will cost something like $100K to go up there and do it. Reducing cost to orbit just will change everything -- that is, if we can get them to do it. This is kind of like IT was in the days before Apple. To do anything, you had to have a lot of money and staff. I'm looking forward to the day when space is much more like YC and the current startup world -- anybody with a small amount of money can get into the game and play with the big boys. We should encourage that progression. We need to for our survival, imo. I'm not sure where the audience is or how they plan on keeping them. If you don't find it tasteless and instead find it amusing, it's still a one-joke kind of site. So it probably sees a traffic spike associated with publicity and then drops of a cliff. Not much of a business model, imo. Or was your question about the morality of offensive sites? Glad to source any of this material if anybody is interested. I think it depends on what you're trying to do. High speed, highly-engineered portable code for lots of people? I'd go with the C suggestion. Fewer people and wanting to work at a higher level of abstraction? Pick one of the 4GLs or 5GLs. Different languages and platforms are good at different things. For instance, there's been a lot of bad-mouthing of relational databases lately, but for some things you just can't beat 'em. You wouldn't want to use a screwdriver to pound in nails. Games don't scale up like business apps do, and collaboration plays differently than e-commerce. This one has been bugging me too. There's simply too much noise and not enough signal in most of those sites. Feedhub looks like an RSS filtering/recommendation engine. I'm not sure if that's the same thing we're talking about. Good point that the way you want to present yourself on the web isn't necessarily the way you get perceived. This is kind of like the difference between procedural and event-driven programming. We design sites as collections of "fuctions", but most of the time people just pop in from Google for one thing -- that's how we get to introduce ourselves to the world. I know I have a technology blog where I'm getting between 5 and 10K unique hits per month. When I designed it, I thought how people would come to the main page, read what it's all about, check out the topics and latest comments, maybe take a look at the feed What I'm finding is that Google is dumping all kinds of traffic onto my site due to searches for Salma Hayek, Pluto the Disney Cartoon, the Sweedish Bikini Team -- all kinds of extraneous stuff I added to mostly technology posts in an attempt to keep things light. I love ya, Google, and I love the traffic, but I never thought it would turn out this way. Thanks! BTW -- I looked around for a search button on news.yc, but heck if I can find one. If I could have, I wouldn't have duped. That's my plan. Take what you get and run with it. I mean, I'm not trying to build a commercial site or anything, but you can bet that I'll take my Google stats and act accordingly. I'm a guy who's supposed to know all about TDD (I teach organizations how to run software teams) so I hope I don't jump the shark with this comment. I just have a hard time seeing TDD in all cases. As one commenter pointed out, some systems evolve and some are specified. Evolving systems have execution units (classes, modules, etc) that can change a heckuva lot. Specified systems don't. On a specified system, you know within 80% or so what your hunks of stuff are. Now I've coded a lot of specified systems. No, you don't design every little detail, that's not what I'm saying. But if you're writing code to balance a checkbook you're not going to end up with a program to make spaghetti. In the startup world, you very well could end up somewhere in a completely different problem domain. Whatever happens, I wouldn't want the testing structure to get in the way of the best design, simply by making it so hard t do heavy refactoring. I tried to "hack" reddit a few days ago and got the message, even though I had only submitted one article! By hack, I mean that I wanted my article to appear on both "business" and the root. Well for some reason once you choose "business" you can't get that checkbox that says "submit also to reddit" to be active. Although it seems to work with "programming". So I chose programming, checked the box, then re-selected the business topic. The little checkbox stayed checked, although it was dimmed. When I hit the submit button, it gives me that "submitting too fast" message. Took about an hour to figure out that the "too fast" message must be some kind of fall-through case. Once I did not "hack" the UI, the submission went through okay. I still don't know if the UI was broken or working correctly, but the error message sure could use some improvement. (as well as the UI, imo) I could tell you what I think about your app, but that would be $250. Seriously, looks like a combination of KM and one of those bid-to-program sites. Beats me what the market is like. I like the general grid layout you have, but like others have mentioned, perhaps a little cleaning up is in order. So let's see, the question is whether or not you should spend two days doing _something_ to the code that will make your ownership of it easier to manage? Sounds like a no-brainer. Go for it. Of course, you'd better be sure you can really pull it off in a couple of days. Programmers are notorious for under-estimating these things. But in general, if you're going to be doing something for 2 months or more and you can do something up front that saves you ten percent or so -- do the math. Don't get into "always rewrite" or "never rewrite" If you can recreate what they're doing that quickly, you're not that far along the development path anyway. There's a whole different answer if they've spent 3 months plugging away at it and already have paying customers. But it doesn't sound like you are there. You know, it only takes a few people posting completely off-topic things to ruin the board for everybody. Just sayin' FWIW, I got a server timeout earlier today when I took just over 30 minutes to start on my application. It looks like it is easy to lose your cookies just under normal use. Thanks. "Save your work every 5 or ten minutes" might be a little more clear for numbskulls like me than "We recommend you save regularly by clicking on the update button at the bottom of this page. Otherwise you may lose work if we restart the server." -- Saving regularly to me just means every so often when I think about it. This may vary according to the intensity of what I'm doing. And restarting the server does not sound like a normal occurance, so the instructions were taken as more of a general warning that a specific immediate threat. After the first loss, I saved in a much more regular manner. Didn't work with my video card. Interesting that you chose Java. I haven't looked at web 3-d technologies in a while, but was the thought that VRML was too clunky or outdated for the users to like? I guess you could also create micro-videos and serve them up and cache them a la google maps, but that would require a real google-like file system. Am I the only one that finds irony in the fact that there's a newspaper article trying to make parents feel anxious about how anxious their kids are? Isn't this too much cow bell? I mean, what's next? A TV report about the number of newspaper stories that try to make people worry about things? This is cool stuff, guys. Using JSON means you can put the authentication in the HTTP request, split up the services between various platforms, proxy out the web apps to any kind of tech, and scale the page load performance in a hardware-agnostic fashion. I wrote someting a few years ago with JSON. IMO, it's way better than that old XMLHTTPRequest stuff. Done correctly, it really makes this web-as-a-platform thing sing. Very cool stuff. That, sir, is the $20 Billion-dollar question. If they do, for any serious length of time (I'm talking 20+ years), then they will have been the first to do it. Worst-case is when you get some get-rich-quick guy with dreams of gold. Domains are so cheap there is a lot of speculation in the market by average Joes looking for the next Google to make them a 7-figure offer on their property. An appraisal service can help. I don't have a lot of faith in the third-party brokers, but I've never tried them. Wile E. Coyote sure could have used this. I would form a startup that had a better idea and I would try to adapt it to make more users happy! Not trying to be a pain, just that it's a big question, and whoever makes progress in this area is going to be accomplishing something big, in my opinion. I have my ideas, which I'd like to try out in the market and not kick around on a board. Hope that's an okay answer. I'm not a "cool idea makes the business work" guy, but neither am I a "give away the store" guy either. I think there's going to be some proprietary magic going on when this nut gets cracked, much the same as when search was cracked there was a lot of behind-the-scenes magic that Google did. BTW -- thanks for the vote. Karma whores unite! :) Awesome! Color me skeptical about stopping drift, though. It'll be neat to be proven wrong. I wonder how you'd prevent the system from just emulating the editors, instead of the audience. Now with YC perhaps that's exactly how you'd like it, but for a more general purpose site I'd want more of a user-focus than an external-editor-focus. For the newer people, thank you for the link about what the appropriate topics are. I think a time or two I asked "what does this have to do with hacking?" Now that I know the larger focus, I'll be more reticent. Would you vote up for a link to a story that you violently disagreed with? Be honest now. And if you would (I _think_ I would) do you really think that's the way others are voting? I have a hard time voting anything up, mainly because I have no idea what I'm signifying. I literally have to remind myself go through the news list and comments and vote up every so often -- after I've consumed the material. It's not part of the consumption process for me at all. There have been a lot of stories on YC that I agreed with, but I thought the linked article was poor. And what about good AskYC questions that have no-so-good conversations? Would you vote up the question because it's good, or ignore it because there's nothing of value there for anybody else? This is kind of one of those seemingly pointless philosophical conversations that have a great deal of meaning once they turn into solid solutions. Do people really know which topics they are interested in? I mean, there's stuff I like, such as astronomy, philosophy, or politics, but would I want to choose a group to limit my discourse there? I like philosophy but I'd hate reading a thesis in the subject. But a little light rationalist vs. subjectivist or philosophy of science reading would be great. Except for those times I'd just like to see pictures of naked famous people. How would these sub-groups come into existence? I just can't see it being topic-based. Edited: I think my point was more that people have "favorite" topics, but it's a loose and free-flowing thing, not a rigid structure. Computers are really good at rigid definitions, while people may be amenable to all kinds of fuzziness. Perhaps my group is better defined as "people who like science, astronomy, politics, and startups" -- but that wouldn't be the topics of the articles! The topics of the articles I like could be anything. And over time, I might add or subtract the stuff I like, even without being consciously aware of it. Heck, I'm not even sure I'm able to give you a precise list of topics I'm interested in, much less self-select against a preconceived ontology. I'd like to see something like this tried instead of the yes/no button -- pick something with a little more meaning. Then at least the system has more information to present. DZone, which is linked in the article, has up and down votes that they keep track of separately. That way, they don't cancel out. Instead, you get an idea of the total positive and negative sentiment. Seems to me like we're confusing the users and the system. The users want to read the best material for them. The system only has two states: yes/no. If people are voting _knowing that their vote will influence what others read_, then they aren't working for the best interests of the users, only their own best interests. As you indicate, I don't think there's a word for that, but if there is a recommendation-consumption impedance mismatch (a gap between recommender interests and reader interests) then the system will always swing out of whack. That's true no matter how much it is weighted, because all you're doing is switching the impedance mismatch from a user-to-user scenario to a user-to-editor one. I think a lot of people have been thinking about this problem for the last year or two at least, so you're not alone! I think the key is still having a good team (I haven't been able to hookup with cofounders) and adapting the idea to the market. The idea, really, is just a place to start. Porn is like the Special Forces of startups. Special Forces were known as "force multipliers" because they can take a small army of native people and make them have a big impact. Looks like porn can take a small company and give it a huge kick in the butt. The question is whether they want to go this direction or not. I know some companies run from it at all costs. Some embrace it. It'll be interesting to see where they go with this, assuming the article is true. Hey -- a couple drinks at a bar, you get lost and instead of stuffing quarters into the jukebox you make a mistake and hook up with Robot Chick. Pretty soon you get the call that you're a proud father of a bunch of little toaster-ovens. This is going to make Jerry Springer a LOT more interesting. This is good. There is a role for randomness in every effort, but it needs to be understood. There was another article on the list today about failing a lot to succeed. Dedication and a great team will always overcome, but they will overcome only if they fail quickly and explore the chaos and randomness of the problem domain. At the risk of link-spamming, I wrote in my blog this morning about the role that divergent thinking has on social networks. http://www.whattofix.com/blog/archives/2007/10/do_you_want_m... I think Paul and others make the same point in regards to how it's better to be in the valley than in Deluth -- you can harness the randomness better there. As hackers and analytical people, we've been brought up to feel like we should take a direct path from point A to point B. But it never works like that in the real world. Good solution-based thinking is divergent, and understands and accepts that you're not following a recipe as much as you're playing a game of chance -- but playing very cleverly! So I'm got some free time this week and I've been submitting and commenting every day. PG gets a lot of votes cause, well, he's PG. Some other people don't participate a lot, but they've been on since it started. One guy might make funny comments that everybody wants to see at the top of the page. What about any of this would be indicative that giving these people more say than others would be a good thing to do? There are a lot of little "gotchas" to remember with this. For instance, each participant must have a vested stake in the outcome that is to be predicted. As long as karma expired, that'd work. You'd get a continuously-changing list of group "owners" who, by their participation and group recognition, control the content ratings of the board. It would also be good to make some allowance for the new guy, who gets 5 votes but yet his article didn't make it to the front page. Some kind of indication that it's a weighted system. Perhaps computing the weight at the time of votes, and only showing the weighted total. Here's a bit of advice: be a startup junkie and not just a YC applicant. Startup junkies sill always follow startups: participating, sharing ideas, forming teams and making things happen. Being a startup junkie isn't something that is limited to any one funding cycle or organization. If you're a real junkie, YC is just a place to hang out while you're working on your own plans, which may have nothing to do with YC in the end. YC is just a tool which may or may not be available to you. If nothing else, you can monitor the board and listen while all kinds of cool stuff happens -- there's gold in being part of those conversations. Or as the old saying goes, "I've been kicked out of better places than this one" Could be that the data is from an Atlanta group. I imagine they're not as heavily-weighted towards web startups. Out in the boonies startups are more of the consulting/product variety. I read this and liked it a lot, but I was frankly stumped when I asked myself the question "okay -- how do you take this somewhere else? Make it an engine?" I'd love to hear suggestions. I mean, custom web/product development is a great thing. You write some code with a business that you co-license the product with. So? Where am I writing a web app that I can apply to many different businesses? Where is this different than in-house promotional coding? Like I said, I love the story. Just wish I could make something useful out of it. So does being Bill Gates' cousin, winning the SuperBowl, saving a kid from a burning building, having good parents, etc. Some of this stuff is random, some of this stuff you can make happen, and some is a combination. YC is a combination. They're doing their best to figure out who to pick and you're doing your best to make your company work. Golden rule of being self-employed: NEVER focus on one opportunity or plan. Always have several things going. And be flexible about it. What's PG say their success rate is? Something like 50%? Sure -- it'd be great to be in a graduating class, but getting into YC is NOT like passing a test. You don't control it and even for the people who do control it, it's a crap shoot. It's more like bumping into some folks in the hall and chatting a bit and giving them your business card. Maybe they'll call. Maybe not. Don't get your hopes on it. How much can you really convey to somebody by bumping into them and chatting in the hall? Very cool! I thought the technology wasn't ready for all of the claims the article makes. An atmosphere? Rocky world? If they're able to do this now, imagine what it'll be like with the James Webb scope NASA is putting up in a few years. And if we ever do discover intelligent ET in our lifetime, perhaps a good way to get to know each civilization is to hook up our internets. Or then again, maybe that's an awful idea. Bonus question: Let's say you run across an alien during a walk in the woods. How could you ever tell whether the alien was friendly or not? Aliens might act friendly, right up until the time they put you in the big alien stew pot. Likewise, friendly aliens might use deadly force and extreme caution to make sure you pose no threat. Would you want to be sending "Howdy There! We're new in the block! Drop by for some free pizza!" messages to a civilization 20 light years away? Thanks. It's in my stack. I gave up sometime during the second Ender book, but I'll give this one a read. Translation for slow readers like me: disruptive marketing through technology. I think it's the "disruptive" part of it that I was missing. I'm all over that. In fact, if I understand you correctly, you just made a case for my application to YC. Because I have several dormant startup attempts, I had a lot of sizzle and flash I could have chosen to present, but instead I went with something exactly like this. "Vested interest" can include all sorts of things: money, reputation, glory, play money, prestige, etc. And there are all sorts of markets that use real money to trade predictions. They're called futures markets.