Why couldn't they have just ported the Winamp core and its playback plugins over to Mac? What the hell is this crap? The computer geek in me agrees with this guy, but the business major in me just laughed. Not because of his arguments -- they are sound, in my opinion -- but because of his attitude. I fail to see how this 'petulant child' attitude that we geeks like to adopt re: DRM does us any good. Yes, shit be expensive, yo. But taking an uncompromising attitude, especially when we are nothing more than a vocal minority... it's like we want the larger world to not take geeks seriously. And World of Goo for $20? Please. It's so easy to find games at a discount that buying software online at full price is borderline idiotic. WOG, like many games (esp. indie titles), is regularly discounted through the myriad different channels it is sold in. (Humble Indie Bundle is one.) All you need is patience. On another note: World of Goo is not worth $20? Really? There seems to be this growing attitude of petulant, childish snobbery among us geeks. "We're ADD, broke, impatient, and really, really lazy, and because we're your customers you do what we say or we pirate your shit." That's the vibe I got from Why I Pirate, and it's a vibe that smells like extortion. Giving the media companies a taste of their own medicine, perhaps? I can see the suits reading this little piece and instantly binning it. You catch more flies with honey, not vinegar. I really like YC's stance on Hollywood (re: funding more startups that attack hollywood directly)... we all agree that Big Content needs to die, and they're putting money down to help. Writing longwinded, rambling TL;DR diatribes (hint: the 20,000 character limit is there for a REASON) does not. Remember that we're nothing more than a vocal minority. Act as such. The non-geeks -- at least, the ones that can afford Netflix, Hulu, etc -- are satisfied. iTunes/Spotify/Grooveshark has most-to-all of the music they want, Hulu and Netflix cover the video stuff... there doesn't seem to be as much piracy coming from the mainstream crowd now that more convenient options are available. The same could be said with gamers, though they are a little more prone to piracy. What's with the author's Steam hatred? Do people still do that? (Soooo 2005, guys) What is there to hate about Steam when nearly every other media platform is worse? Steam is leaps and bounds better than the competition, AND it supports indie devs fairly, AND its got some pretty cool features, AND everyone still gets paid. Yes we geeks want unprotected super duper high quality downloads that we can transcode to 80,000,000 devices in a billion different formats. We want these things because we're nerds. Most people aren't nerds, and they don't care. Ours is a quixotic fight with unreasonable (at this time) demands, and totally undeserving of the relentless sense of entitlement we seem to feel towards it. We're forgetting that, in the end, this is all about entertainment. Not poverty, not starvation, not joblessness. Just entertainment -- diversions, mostly. There's a million ways to entertain oneself, and most of them don't involve Big Content. http://i39.tinypic.com/15n7sj6.jpg I did this for awhile and ran into an interesting (if fatal) edge case: I use a 1.5tb external drive formatted in exFAT to minimize cross-platform headaches, and whenever the drive is marked dirty (improper shutdown, eject, etc), OSX will run fsck_exfat on it before I can use it. fsck_exfat isn't a huge deal -- or wouldn't be, if it didn't have a nasty tendency to leak RAM... the moment you plug in, fsck_exfat's footprint climbs up and up and up... never stopping! Pretty soon it's eaten up 8gb out of my 8gb RAM and poor ol' lappy is unusable. I can say with authority what happens when you run out of physical RAM in OSX: it hard locks . Nothing works -- no keyboard, no mouse, nothing. So, if you plug in your large, dirty (you dirty drive you!) exFAT-formatted external drive, with dynamic_paging switched off, and let fsck_exfat do its thing, your laptop freezes! Leaving the drive dirty, only to be re-scan on boot-up... freezing the laptop, leaving the drive dirty, only to be re-scan on bootup... EDIT: this is with Snow Leopard... yeah but its the only real alternative for R/W support in OSX and Windows for large volumes. I've had corruption issues with NTFS and HFS+ drivers :-( yeah sometimes I'll boot into Windows just to clean the drives :-( And since when do people always do the right thing? I'm curious as to what's going to happen now, being that he's admitting to copyright infringement on page A1 of the New York Times.... So are we supposed to be designing all our databases to conform to third-normal form? I am not very adept at DB stuff but doesn't that increase the number of lookups needed to retrieve a row of useful data? Is the performance hit from that less painful than storing redundant (perhaps simply for caching) fields in one table? Cool, thanks :-) Why does everyone seem so obsessed over typed vs. untyped? Why are typed languages so undesirable to "hardcore" uses? Actually that was a typo... I can't go back and edit it now... I meant to say "desireable" :-) I really like Anonymous Pro, 11pt font, 0.9 linespacing on my 1440x900 mac. Looks good with light AA http://www.ms-studio.com/FontSales/anonymouspro.html edit: it sort of has serifs. kind of. well more than most sans fonts That's what they're called! Yeah, Courier is way too thick for my tastes. SEEKING WORK p/t - Amsterdam, NL - remote, freelance I am a (slightly older than most) student living in Amsterdam for the month. I'm currently sole developer on an unannounced startup, but with the semester ending I have some time for smaller side projects. I am a generalist with decent skills in a wide variety of activities, and have written production code in HTML/CSS/JS, Flash/AS, Perl, VBA/VB6 (ewwww), and C#, and have recently begun tinkering around with Wordpress. Much of my work is in small, private, one-off projects (custom reporting, dynamic banner ads, random hacks to clean up data mistakes by production servers, etc), but am not completely bereft of publicly-visible projects. tomcorelis.com tom!at%tomcorelis.com Sample work: the Dynamite Deals Firefox addon: https://addons.mozilla.org/en-US/firefox/addon/dynamite-deal... Looking for short-term (days to a week or two) tasks. PS- I can do English-language copywriting, technical documentation, Photoshop, video editing, and a bunch of other things too! We're making mountains out of molehills. Don't build your shit on a platform you could reasonably expect to be taken away from you. Company management often sees piracy (and sex) as a plague that can erode customer and investor support in their business. * * * Once upon a time there were three little pigs. One pig built a house of straw while the second pig built his house with sticks. They built their houses very quickly and then sang and danced all day because they were lazy. The third little pig worked hard all day and built his house with bricks. A big bad wolf saw the two little pigs while they danced and played and thought, “What juicy tender meals they will make!” He chased the two pigs and they ran and hid in their houses. The big bad wolf went to the first house and huffed and puffed and blew the house down in minutes. The frightened little pig ran to the second pig’s house that was made of sticks. The big bad wolf now came to this house and huffed and puffed and blew the house down in hardly any time. Now, the two little pigs were terrified and ran to the third pig’s house that was made of bricks. The big bad wolf tried to huff and puff and blow the house down, but he could not. He kept trying for hours but the house was very strong and the little pigs were safe inside. He tried to enter through the chimney but the third little pig boiled a big pot of water and kept it below the chimney. The wolf fell into it and died. The two little pigs now felt sorry for having been so lazy. They too built their houses with bricks and lived happily ever after. How many creepers are going to start collecting these cards? You know, like a creeper leaderboard... Dear everybody, please stop trying to kill Craigslist. Just leave it alone. Craigslist is fine and good at what it does, and some of us don't want your fancy buzzword-friendly cloud app replacing it. Some of us just want listings. I wish the padmapper dude would grow up (dude's on a quest like Don Quijote) and I wish people would stop salivating over the possibility of Craigslist's corpse. Find something else. We'll see if this provision has any teeth when users repost their listings elsewhere. It seems added to make padmapper's life more difficult, and since the dude behind that site has been nothing but a whiny little biyotch, I'm all for it. That old adage is dead. "The customer is always right" is a prescription for terror I don't know, how about not building one's life on top of someone else's cloud ecosystem? I'll probably get downvoted for this but I am glad to see iCloud biting someone. Hopefully (unlikely) it bites more folks and then people realize that maybe they shouldn't put their life on a bunch of ephemeral, porous, closed-garden online services Or the Dutch? Or Brazil?! I've experienced this. I forget what it was but there was that one exploit that terminated some critical service makes Windows reboot after a 1- or 2-minute countdown. Frickin pain in the ass that was... This runs at like 4fps on my MBP running Firefox 15 :-( Am I the only one concerned about everyones' preoccupation with tools? This is what happens when you trust the cloud There is a general thread of sexism that permeates much of western life. It's endemic to all levels of American society. Addressing sexism in the hacker community seems fruitless to me when there is a much larger fountain of hate spewing forth over the general public. New souls will come into the hacker community and old souls will leave, and some of the new souls are going to be incorrigible sexists. Sexism must be fought at the society-level, where it originates, not in subcultures. That, and more boys need to grow up with sisters. If you want to kill sexism, make sure boys and girls respect each other at an early age... Maybe Apple's crisis is because its investors worship growth, foolishly expecting it to continue without end. You can only grow so much... Look at this completely disproportionate response over one lousy icon. As someone else mentioned, this is likely the result of a lazy graphic designer, not corporate malice. How many KDE users have pirated Sony content anyway, hmm? This is extortion When is it ever a good idea to calculate the cartesian product of every X with every other X, for each user? SEEKING WORK - Remote or onsite near San Diego, CA Experienced generalist concentrating on Ruby/Rails. Skilled with HTML, CSS, Javascript, Photohop, Flash, PHP, Linux, Apache, nginx, and a host of other buzzwords. Good at backend programming, data mining, modular design, metaprogramming, and dynamic code, but I can also do full frontend HTML/CSS/JS-or-jQuery, server admin, and most of the other tasks involved in a web venture. My business experience and training means I can understand and work well with the business just as good as I can work with fellow programmers. I am a business major who's studied computers and computer science since I was a toddler. Looking for part-time or full-time work in San Diego area, or for remote opportunities from most anywhere around the world. Things I have written or contributed to: http://www.github.com/lyjia http://www.epunchit.com http://www.dynamitedeals.com My rates are very reasonable. The contact-address-book-thing works both ways, I believe. If YOU let them access your contacts, or if anyone who's contact book you are in lets LinkedIn access their contacts, they will pop up on "People You May Know" Facebook was never an "experiment." It was a directory, then it was a platform, and now it's a machine to make money. Remember when the service is free... you aren't the customer, you're the product Right now a botched PS3 is about as functional as a brick, or maybe a glorified (and boring) screensaver. Why not call it one? Because the country is flat? How hard is it to guess? If it's publicly traded, then their obligation is to shareholders. That's the rule, and that's what Wall Street expects What is this? Why should one care? Its a mashup of ad banners because it looks like it's really the store's weekly circular? Hope the owner pays his bills now. Don't piss off the people who work for you... If I were a new web developer, I would be overwhelmed with all the buzzwords. That list should have stopped after JSON Yes, because every word out of a bigot's mouth is horrible, regardless of content or context.... [/sarcasm] Horrible people sometimes say good things... Good people sometimes say horrible things... Why does an African-American kid need to a successful African-American man as his role model?? Why can't he simply look up to a successful man? Racial segmentation is so stupid Then maybe we should be doing more to engender an attitude of calculated risk-taking. The dearth of leadership that fits whatever category you can come up with (race, education level, gender, whatever) can be overcome with tenacity and courage. Maybe we shouldn't be selling these kids on people who are like them. Maybe we shouldn't continue promoting a concept as poisonous as racial consciousness. Maybe teach these folks to disregard role models... A lot of engineers I've known, tend to speak in plain, objective, sometimes even offensive terms. Most of the women I've met seem to react negatively to this style of communication. Further, social groups often try to be exclusive to those like them; I see this even at the company I work at. Different = bad Then there's the whispered complaining, from the fellas in the room, that they have to censor themselves when a woman is present. Engineering culture has a lot of growing to do before it can be seen as a welcoming group, whether to women or any other descriptor of people This is ridiculous. You can't count modern clock speeds in 1991 dollars. Also, "massively underestimates the true pace of innovation?" Seriously? It's already too fast! People have such hard-ons for change and shiny things now that they don't even remember why they wanted it in the first place! I don't have anything to add other than I would like run a demo before drawing any technical opinions. However, given the management structure and general sales tone of the website (and its joke of a technical FAQ), it looks like DeepDB is totally gunning for enterprise sales. Is HN even the right venue for this? This sounds like PowerShell What, are each cities respective pools becoming too incestuous? First world problems... Ugh, more marketing drivel from obnoxious, clueless copywriters * Writing end tags and angle brackets are annoying (and lots of wasted characters) * HTML's ceremoniousness is burdensome (I hate XML declarations) * I've never liked the appearance of regular code inside an XML document... visually, HAML looks a lot more like "code", so template code is more visually pleasing (this is a matter of taste) So there are really people running around, voluntarily refusing to pirate until they can pay someone for it? What a weird, weird world we live in... Im an American currently visiting friends in Talca, Chile. (far away from the esrthquake) We are all sitting around and staring at the tv.... That said most of my friends here are pretty nonchalant. Chileans expect terramotos; they are used to them. The response I am witnessing is organized and no casualties thus far..... Terrible as these events are, it seems the victims were prepared. Good on them What kind of data is available for prior 1964? It'd be foolish to draw conclusions with only 50 years' data. Pre-industrial-revolution readings could be a useful control... I'd be nauseated if I found my picture plastered all over one of those flavor-of-the-month scrolly sites... Why all these funky methods for getting at your data? val = hash.them.public_keys.primary.bundle no? What do they mean by barrows? A pit in the ground? Many of the demo pages seem to have pretty dramatic spelling errors and typos. After spending weeks at work detangling a bunch of spaghetti CSS and Javascript found in a mobile-friendly bootstrap template we bought, seeing these (otherwise trivial) mistakes makes me wonder about the quality of product on offer. Yes. There's too many founders and too much navel-gazing. We're sick of seeing new "products" that only exist to satiate first-world, white-people problems. This idea that we need to create lots of little crappy projects and show them to the world -- take the various app stores, for example, and how we on HN tend to cheer any yokel with a my-first-mobile-game on "show HN". So now we have an app store flooded with crap. The tech space is a modern gold rush. Maybe blindly obsessing over innovation, as proxy for our neverending battle to increase shareholder value, is the wrong path. Nobody truly needs most of the stuff that comes out of SV, we just have armies of marketeers to create that demand where there previously was none. Umm... have other people been able to spot the vulnerability but been unable to answer due to the answers not making very much sense? Vuln hunting has its own vocab now :-( Taking the opportunity to plug a caching project/gem I like to use (and wrote) for this purpose: https://github.com/lyjia/sircachealot Nice little middleware layer between you and Redis that simplifies the semantics considerably. And automatic key expiration! And inside the US too... Wow. I don't hate how so many Windows applications are considerably uglier compared to Mac counterparts. In fact, I don't even care. There are more important concerns! Student pack? It's mostly trial offers bundled with a free text editor. This isn't a gift, its an advert Afraid of negativity much? Why do all these positive thinker optimist types insist on pushing their dogma on the rest of us? You happiness drones are nauseating. Grow up Also, might want to work on (simplify) your algo... I've found that reading everything I can, and then writing lots of random things, helped my writing the most That looks more tedious than using a tracker This doesn't have anything to do with that "Semantic web" idea thats been floating around forever is it? Why the hell did they take the name then? :( I've a pair of Sennheiser HD280's that knock out background noise passively better (their website says 32db attenuation... and I swear they are a sanctuary from sound) than a lot of active (as in powered) noise-cancelling headphones. They're also some of the most unbiased headphones I've heard at $100 (which may or may not suit your tastes) As a listener its difficult to tell fidelity better than 44/16. But if you like to remix or chop up or process recorded music for production, 96/24 or even 192/32 can make a huge difference in the quality of your edits. A distortion unit that modifies the waveform on a sample-by-sample basis now has twice the resolution to work with, and as a result its effect will sound considerably smoother and less harsh. These are the real hackers Why haven't they attempted to visualize the audio? Side-by-side FFT comparisons would show any differences pretty quickly Enough with the cute! We're developers, not a gaggle of teenage girls! package management: chocolatey, M$ is also developing something live cd functionality: bartPE, UBCD4WIN architecture support: x86, x64, itanium (limited), ARM (limited) command-line interfaces: powershell (sucks but still...), command.com kernel customization: not directly but there are special skus scaling to low powered hardware: Windows Embedded Edition licensing: linux still wins Does this affect sites that use CDNs for hosting their frameworks (as in jquery/etc)? I rather like the font rendering in Unity. Text and screen elements are tightly-spaced, small, and compact, just as good power-user software should be So it's a fancy trade school, without all the general ed that makes for well-rounded adults? ITT Technical Institute Consider? Here in Carlsbad, we're building one! http://carlsbaddesal.com/ Not everyone wants verification. I just want encryption whilst minimizing payment to the SSL cartel. Yukihiro Matsumoto Creator of Ruby "I am having fun learning Ruby at http://rubymonk.com . I like this type of lessons ;-)" Huh? This is the guy who wrote the language. Weirdest endorsement ever... Tried Ruby koans? What is with everyone trying to suppress negativity? :( Freakin happiness nazis These tactics are everywhere money is involved. These are used against me dozens of times a day, in advertisements, marketing, and just going about my business. I think that everyone has a duty to render themselves immune to these and other tactics. It's idealistic, for sure, but a lot of today's societal woes make sense in the context of people mindlessly acting out others' persuasions beyond the scope of their own rational self-interest. It's especially sickening just how many of these people see only the emotional content of the arguments presented to them and nothing else.... "But as a developer, you suck it up, modify your content, and continue." No, you're supposed to collectively bitch, moan, and whine, and if they still don't listen, you leave, taking as many people with you as possible. Yours is the wrong attitude. We can do so much better. Developers shouldn't gather around platforms that are constantly shifting... Set up samba? (thats how I work) What about NFS? Idunno, after running a MBP for almost five years, IMO Windows software is better. Most of it's not very pretty, but in terms of pound-for-pound productivity shortcuts and features-in-general, Windows designers/programmers seem to favor productivity over cheesy gimmicks (or, this contemptible trend of data sparsity) I woke up one day (after clicking update) to find my default search engine set to Yahoo and ads in my new tab page. You can mention it all you want in the release notes, but users don't expect nor want those kinds of things to change. The only thing more behind-the-back than that is Chrome yanking Java (well, NPAPI) with no warning in Update 42 Just want to note that Windows has a whole mess of dependency-management, much of it provided by the service that handles those MSI installer files. There are dozens of alternate texture packs floating around the web. They're quite popular! Doesn't work with my scroll wheel either Seconded. Shouldn't have to understand the "context", that should speak for itself So by immutable he means... systems you don't patch? That's it? Getting really tired of these slick vuln websites.... 'Through the ages'? More like 'through the recent past' Why must everything be a cloud service? Also, I doubt this could be used with private trackers (if one values their account, anyway) It feels like they barely tried. There's been ZERO ways to acquire this phone in the USA! Why is it so hard to sell an unlocked smartphone direct to consumers in the USA? "Forgot" is a little facetious, dontyathink? A lot of the questions are pretty terrible, it forces one to cram their opinions into 2/3/4 choices. The moral quandries with "this is wrong / this is right" are the worst While I think this is nice work, it's a shame it can't be plugged into a DAW. A nice toy but kinda useless for some of us There's already an addon for git that makes git very painless: git up https://github.com/aanand/git-up Pick another name! Did they ever release the source to that tool? I'd love to take it apart Because they're interesting. And this is a place of interesting things.