We should all hope they come up with something that's competitive. Even 80% of the performance for 50% of the price would be good enough. And this is because the last 3-4 Intel CPU generations have been simply not worth upgrading to. If some real competition from AMD shows up, things will change. It would be nice if you linked transcripts where available... Well, there's a reason I only ever buy NVidia video cards, even for AMD CPUs. I'm fine with AMD not being interested in Linux support, I'll just vote with my wallet. The iMac is "amazing" only if you don't do CPU intensive stuff with it. Otherwise it whirrrs and throttles down. Personally I care more about the whirrring than the thermal throttling, but it's not amusing to not get the CPU/GPU speed you paid for either. The Mac Pro is a video editing appliance ATM. What they don't have is a developer/hobbyist oriented desktop. And this will bite them in the ass long term, because they will lose mind share. I'm very close to switching back to Linux if they don't offer me a developer oriented Mac Pro in the next 1-2 years. Covered with the thin one that gets noisy when you compile, or with the super expensive one where half the price of the hardware doesn't help you with development? :) This is why I moved from Linux to OS X. However, dear Apple are getting me concerned about their future because: 1. The main innovation in the newest MBPros is... an Emoji keyboard accessory? Okay, that might actually be useful but: 2. Worse, said newest laptops have battery issues to which Apple responds by removing the battery ETA indicator? That was actually useful since I knew how much battery life I could rely on while doing the same task . 3. Since 2013, they don't have a desktop for desktop (not web) developers any more. Minis are too underpowered, iMacs are noisy under load and who knows how long they will last when kept heated the whole time, the Mac Pro is a video editing machine and little else. Right now I'm doing fine with a MBPro and a hackintosh, but if they keep making dubious decisions about the laptops and not offering a developer's desktop, I'll have to consider Linux again. It's not the issue's existence that's my cause for concern, it's Apple's reaction to it. They've always had some process that went runaway and ate most of the CPU for no reason. Just the name of the process changed across hardware and software versions. The problem is, now they're removing an useful indicator to swipe the current problem (and I'm sure a large amount of people do have it) under the rug. It's this decision that worries me, not that they botched something on this laptop generation. Yeah? Well you need to keep Activity Monitor on all the time to check what process is eating up your CPU for no reason anyway :) Indeed, Qt can actually look native (and use native controls where available) on all 3 platforms. Gtk, not so much. For some reason, Apple laptops are the only ones usable without a mouse. The trackpad simply sucks on anything else I've tried. Just like people are used to OSes that crash all the time, they're used to unusable trackpads. Sad. [quote] Graal & Truffle are a product of Oracle Labs, the part of the Java team which does VM and compiler research. [/quote] So if a language using this becomes successful, Oracle will hit you with an intellectual property lawsuit? Actually no, most open source licenses have no mention of patents. If you're smaller than Google, dealing with Oracle might be outside your budget. Safer not to. It's Oracle's general attitude. While not going anywhere near their products won't protect you from a patent lawsuit, it is some protection. They can't sneak in some commercial components and bill you later, for example. I bookmarked this comments page as reference for Trello alternatives in case Atlassian ruins it :) As a non-american, when I hear Lynchburg I do not think of lynching, but of Lynchburg Lemonade :) Reading "ElectronJS" is when i decided not to try this app. I don't need websites masquerading as desktop apps thank you. Microsoft has never been understandable. I tried to find an overview of dot net on their site, when dot net was at 1.x and was going to cure world hunger, but I wasn't able to understand what they meant by the '.net platform'. Gave up after an hour. You're doing it wrong. You should get Brave New World instead. Yeah, second hand story (as in, personal friends are working with Qt/C++/QML, i've fortunately only used Qt/C++) is that QML mostly gets in the way. It's limited and buggy. Just do everything natively, Qt is truly cross platform and you won't have trouble. [quote] I also had to refactor some parts due to Android not liking slots in one thread and signal emitter in another. [/quote] Ouch? Worry free passing of signals/slots between threads is a feature of desktop Qt that I use and abuse all the time. I've even done a GUI-less daemon that used QtCore and abused signals/slots to communicate between threads. You mean it doesn't work on the mobile versions? Speaking of NUCs, are there any that are (a) quiet at load (b) have the PSU integrated in the case? Those are about the only redeeming qualities of a Mac Mini right now, and it pisses me off to no end that no one bothers with (b) on the Wintel side. Edit: please don't explain to me how a power brick that's sometimes as large as the NUC doesn't bother you, it does bother me. I think it's sold mainly to companies that want a cheap machine for iOS development. Hackers are more likely to build themselves a hackintosh and triple boot. Yeah, except Apple manages to come close so it's possible :) Give credit where credit is due. Well, I've checked the current offerings and I can't find any that doesn't have "19 V DC" as the power supply description. I guess I'm statistically irrelevant in their market. :) Getting further off topic, the only other piece of hardware I know of where they bother is the Playstation. The XBoxes use ugly power bricks, just like the Wintel boxes. Or "besides Netflix's own shows, there's nothing worth watching on Netflix any more". Except in some places where Netflix doesn't even have all their original content lol. Hmm. If i look at the slides, the article should be renamed "gstreamer, and some stuff browsers on all platforms do, are insecure"? Is it easier to change your media player on Linux, or to trust Microsoft? Say, does a default Windows install still enable 20 networked services that don't belong on a home computer and can be exploited without the user downloading anything? Video? What happened to good old fashioned text? I can read 10x faster than you can talk... Where is it? The PDF has some slides, not actual text, and the LWN article is also just a summary. Assuming no new 0-day... so there are still services open to the internet by default on a fresh install eh? Supplementary question: which of those "talks worth watching" have a transcript? - Most jokes are plausible, and pretty good. - If you believe the CIA had anything to do with this document, I have a bridge in San Francisco I'd like to sell you... Isn't a H-1B a form of indentured servitude? As in, if you change jobs you lose your visa? If yes, you don't get the competent ones but the cheap ones who have no choice. The good ones work on their terms for whomever they please. Edit: combine that with kls's answer about incentives, and you see why this visa system isn't quite working. Well, for some reason nobody's complaining about Western Europe immigrants taking US jobs... I stopped at "Face-to-face meetings are most efficient (examples include Reddit & Yahoo banning remote work)". If you're giving Yahoo under Marissa Mayer as an example of good management, your company was doomed from the start. If you research her you'll notice that all the stuff about burnout being a myth and being able to do great work by sleeping at work under your desk somehow stopped applying to her when she got to be management :) However, those times are rare and 98% of a remote team's communication needs are best done in text only asynchronous mode. Incidentally, this is a good way for people to actually take phone/voice calls seriously - when they're rare, it really means it's important. Water cooler conversations are for getting raises/promotions. That's why if you want to work remotely, it's best to do it in an all remote setup that's fair to everyone. I can't help but notice that all the article talks about is Delphi versions up to 6... which is where it started to go downhill. Are recent versions of Delphi actually usable? I haven't tried anything beyond 8, and from my (admittedly rusty) experience the best version was 6. The guy you're replying to looks like he wants 144 fps on 4K. Which is prolly not doable with current hardware. More importantly for some, it's a 95W AMD part vs a 140W Intel part. If the power delta stays the same even for mainstream parts, does this mean AMD will become a good quiet option too? By quiet I mean "I can't hear it at night" not "I can't hear it over the music". Edit: Also, I think data centers these days are limited in density by power delivery and cooling. Even a 25W delta adds up when you're talking about thousands of servers. Actually it very much depends on what kind of fan cools the radiator. You're using that liquid loop just to move the heat from the CPU to somewhere else. That somewhere else is generally a large radiator with a quiet fan, but not always. Anyone building their own silent pc should hang a bit on silentpcreview before they buy anything. Speaking of Slack, what's an alternative with a different pricing model? We have a core team that's always around, and for that Slack pricing is fine, but we have a significant number of "drive by" users that aren't worth paying $60 per year. We're generally happy with Slack's features, so which are the similar services that charge something different than per-user? Out of pure curiosity, what does this mean in english? [quote] iMac (built in monitor)[/quote] It's not the built in monitor that's the problem, is the overheating with the assorted noise and possibly thermal throttling if you use it for something that actually maxes out the CPU/GPU. Well, and the lack of expandability. While the portable MacBook Pro equivalents are about the same thing (look at Dell XPS 13 pricing), Apple right now has nothing for developers/power users on the desktop side. Except the GPUs were crap even on release. And there are like 3 applications that can use both? So unless you were in that niche, you'd end up paying a ton of money for two dubious GPUs of which you could only use one. You can't even hackintosh a Mac with a decent GPU any more, since NVidia hasn't put out drivers for their 1xxx cards for OS X. If they are, they're not telling. In theory the nvidia out-of-os x drivers are for people using their cards on the pre trashcan Mac Pros. In practice they allow you to make yourself a decent hackintosh desktop. Or used to. Maybe the 1xxx cards don't work on the old Mac Pros, in which case i don't think nvidia can justify continuing putting out those drivers. Who would this hurt? Apple. Very slowly though. Most people running hackintoshes are opinion leaders wrt to tech stuff, and when they switch to Linux or Windows, Apple will lose more mind share. http://tvtropes.org/pmwiki/pmwiki.php/Main/MoralMyopia Incidentally, recovering a google account password from a phone, when you have access to said phone but haven't given them the phone number, doesn't work. I kept being told that google will send a token to the phone, and got a dialog saying 'do you want to log in?', i pressed yes, and nothing good happened. Fortunately it was a test phone with a throwaway google account - otherwise i'd have known the password. Rofl. Just like the shooter picked on the indians thinking they're arabs. If you're trying to prove that americans have no idea there is a world outside their borders, you're succeeding wonderfully. Yeah but a good bunch of the pre-trashcan Mac Pros are still in service. And those do take PCI Express cards. Apparently NVidia felt it's a market worth serving, since you can still get Sierra drivers from them for anything before the 1xxx series. Okay, the drivers are labeled "for Quadro", but they support basically everything. I don't need an article full of statistics to tell me the endorsements are useless; everyone I know who has endorsed me only did it in the hope that that box with 'endorse your friends' will disappear off their Linkedin. Little historical fact, Microsoft nicked Andreas Hejlsberg, the creator of the Borland flavor of Pascal (starting from the Turbo Pascal days), and had him architect C#. So if you trust microsoft, or you're doing boring bussiness software where you don't care about anything but the paycheck, C# may be an improvement. Ideally, you want to have the filler on the side opposed to the majority of cars in your area. This way you're less likely to wait in line to refill. When there's a real queue, all bets are off indeed. In semi busy situations though (say 1-2 cars at each pump), i stand by my statement. If the 6C/8T and 4C/8T parts will launch at the same frequency as the high end (and i've read that at least for the 6C they will) we'll end up with a CPU that is as fast as the 1800X in games (which is good enough no matter what the 120 fps enthusiasts say) but this time is cheaper than the 7700K. That will be the sweet spot for just gaming performance, not these ones. Your standard Intel is running a 64 bit instruction set designed by umm... AMD. Perhaps you'd like to restrict yourself to 32 bit software just to be standards conformant? The problem with google chat services is... will they last more than 6 months? Considering how many changes Hangouts went through, do I even want to waste time on evaluate its current incarnation? Is disrupting a large team when google inevitably change their minds worth "free" ? It may be a privilege, but in this case my reading Hacker News is a privilege for them , and not their right. And I want to know what stories are manually suppressed in order to decide if i still grant them that privilege. Also, check out Tim Berner Lee's article about the internet being hijacked by the likes of Facebook and Google in order to understand why your 'I am grateful for the privilege' attitude is wrong... Edit: argh, I attached this to the wrong post. I was responding to paulpauper of course. The trick is to ignore OS updates after the initial setup, until you absolutely need a newer version or at least 6 months have passed and you can reserve a day for troubleshooting. Of course, it helps if you have a macbook pro in addition to your desktop; you can check out the new stuff on the genuine apple machine, and maybe get away with postponing updates on your desktop even more. Problem is, you can either spend the same and do more, or spend less and do the same, if you have support for a newer generation of cards. Not to mention that if you're into silent computers (not being able to hear the fans when gaming because of the game noise doesn't qualify as silent in my book) newer nvidia cards are much better. Problem is, Apple doesn't have anything for power users or developers right now. I'm currently hackintoshing, but with every "dumb it down" decision (like remove the battery life time estimation), hardware mishap (LG monitors not working near wifi, come on) or new hardware announcement that still doesn't serve my demographic i wonder if i shouldn't just switch back to Linux. I used to say that their laptops are fine, and it's only the desktop where i need to hackintosh, but ... touch typing hostile emoji keyboard? For the record, I've been using Linux as my main OS for 10 years when I finally decided to switch to OS X about 4 years ago. I have no problem switching back if Apple stops offering me enough flexibility. After all, you don't need to recompile your kernel to install drivers any more :) First, you're defending the laptop, not the desktops. The laptops are still almost okay. Now for some point answers... > The battery time (I think you mistyped "life time") estimation was dumb, never accurate or consistent, and people don't mind the lack of it on billions of other mobile devices anyway. It was accurate as long as you kept doing the same task . For example, I knew how much longer a gaming session or a long build could last on battery. But this is laptop stuff and the original article and my whining is about desktops. > Re: the LG shielding mishap, you're blaming Apple for a completely different company's product, okay. A completely different company's product that is the only solution that makes use of the emoji mbpro's features, is sold and promoted a lot by Apple, and thus endorsed by them on their web site. > Which demographic and what do you require? Independent dev working from home. Running two VMs simultaneously at times, and also using the same computer for entertainment, namely gaming. Working on compiled software, not scp-ing stuff to a server for web development, so I actually need CPU power. I could almost use the trash can, except they want me to pay for two slow video cards that are for some reason labeled "pro". Put in it a nvidia 1050+ and I'll buy it, although I'll be a bit space challenged. Some source trees take a lot of space. I'll even pay extra for the Xeon and ECC ram i don't really need, but give me a video card i can game on. Before you ask, no, the iMac is not a dev's computer. It thermally throttles if you actually use the CPU, and makes laptop-like noise when compiling. No thank you. I've heard even the trash can throttles, and i blame the "pro" video cards. > touch typing hostile emoji keyboard? What you read exactly. Please explain how you touch type on the touch screen that replaced the F keys and how it is useful to me when I, like anyone who works a lot with the keyboard, have memorized every shortcut I use. It's mostly good for emoji in instant messaging, and I don't use that either. Another one that defends the laptops when the original article is about a Mac Pro replacement :) > Can display at-a-glance status such as time, battery etc. You look at the keyboard when you type? Not my demographic then, i type too much for that. It's probably fine for you. > All of the over-a-dozen developers/tech-oriented people that -I- know prefer the 2016 MBPs to everything else. They've also outsold all other competitors in just a single month. You don't know any developers working on compiled software. And the mbpros outsell everything not because they don't annoy people, but because there's almost no alternative. Perhaps the Dell Developer Edition laptops, but Apple would have to piss me off more than they have so far for me to try a Dell instead. And again, the article - and my OP - are from people who need a powerful desktop for work. > I do. I expect your next response will impose qualifiers on "developers" and "compiled software." > I used to say that their laptops are fine > My experience is that their laptops are still more than fine enough for power users and developers. Well, [part 1] I don't use xcode, i touch type [part 2] and a lot of the stuff i work on involves looong builds and/or going through a few VMs. I also HATE fan noise and I work from home in a quiet room. Part 1 disqualifies the emoji keyboard, part 2 disqualifies anything with laptop-like internals, namely the laptops and the iMacs. I hope that's enough qualifiers :) > Why do you keep saying this? The Touch Bar replaces the FN keys, not the keyboard. I use those keys. Without looking down. > Which computer do you use? Is it a desktop without any fans? Let's say I build my systems according to the advice on silentpcreview.com. Apple laptops on full load may be quiet for a laptop, but they have nothing on a custom built desktop. Isn't Vulkan AMD only though? The real prank here is obviously getting a friend to use Eclipse. I'm not sure you'll ever be forgiven. HN could use a "funny" upvote option... Pray tell, sir, have you heard of the Qt library? There is a whole world outside Javascript :) I've written low level GUI components for several UI frameworks before, thank you very much. It's not that bad and a lot smoother for the end user. The real problem is this new generation of "developers" that only know Javascript. When all you have is a hammer... Caution for the OP considering using it with a Mac Mini: there are no nvidia OS X drivers for the 1050Ti. You're stuck with 9xx or earlier cards. And TBH, if you want this solution to boost a desktop computer, you're better off just building a Hackintosh. It may make some sense for a laptop, but i think it's still cheaper to build a separate gaming computer. I don't know about you, but I used to dual boot and i still have the Windows installation on my Hackintosh (which is beefy enough to handle gaming. Hint: don't buy the gaming hardware and try to make OS X run on it, buy hardware that works well in a hackintosh and is good enough for games instead.). In time though, I simply stopped playing the games that required me to reboot and now I only get stuff that runs on OS X. Of course, it's easier if you have a very strong dislike for the current AAA games. I stopped touching anything from EA/Ubisoft long before i stopped rebooting for gaming. The actual game site looks slashdotted... well, HN-ed... Well, the SSL cert having expired 135 days ago should have been a hint - which i ignored ofc. That's new. Initially she was saying she doesn't believe in burnout, and if you're 'strategic' about showers, you can sleep under your desk and work 130 hour weeks. Random reference: http://www.thegrindstone.com/2013/01/22/mentors/becoming-mar... I liked the clickbait title, why did it get changed to something more neutral :( Intellectual property is complicated - there must be some patent that Apple would infringe anyway. Perhaps the one on breathing... Hmm what's more important is that mobile has overtaken the desktop. If you add Android and iOS you get 51.09%. If your site doesn't work well on mobiles, it's high time you fixed it. * Touchpad support. I think most people who haven't used an Apple laptop extensively are not aware that the touchpad actually works, and you do not need to carry an external mouse to use the device comfortably. Macs (maybe with the exception of a Mac Pro) are only silent at idle, not in full load. By my definition of 'silent' at least. If you can't hear the system while gaming because you use headphones, sorry, it's not silent. If you just randomly build a beige box hackintosh, it will be noisy. If you spend some quality time on silentpcreview, you can get one that is silent even under load. I know, I have one. Still, I'd very much like to get a decent Mac Pro instead. Devil's in the details, let's wait and see. My hackintosh isn't becoming obsolete any time soon. I'm not sure it's the hackintosh... now and then I hear a lot of complaints about a particular version of xcode even on native macs. I don't use it, but I have work colleagues who do. You could improve it further - on every ls spin up several hadoop instances to do your map/reduce to process the output! Timeless reference: https://www.joelonsoftware.com/2001/04/21/dont-let-architect... "I think there is a world market for maybe five computers". The site linked to looks like shit. Don't know about the whole web. It's not that your majority likes the touch bar and doesn't use VI. It's that the influential developers who can work on whatever they want, or are trusted to pick platforms, will switch away from Macs. And that will be trouble in the long term. No current Mac, with the possible exception of the trashcan, can do the "quite a bit" that a pro user needs without spinning up a fan. Keep any of them at 100% CPU for 5+ minutes and see for yourself. Of course I use bookmarks. Not for sites i visit regularly, the browser takes care of that, but for reference articles I'll need later. I just use per-subject folders, nothing fancy. Well, the main question is still "why oh why?". It's not like Microsoft can't afford to pay developers to do something native. Also, calling it Visual Studio is very deceptive. Most devs know VS to mean something completely different. That's correct, I was talking about Microsoft. This is not a technical reason, but MySQL is now owned by Oracle, which carries a whole host of risks if you're a small fry. A technical comparison should be done between MariaDB and Postgres if you ask me... I don't get why all this chat is about software, licensing and software safety. The way I read it, a farmer can't change even, say, a brake pad (or whatever tractors use) without authorization from John Deere. I very strongly doubt that they want to mess with the software, they just want to perform minor maintenance themselves. You're quoting the dealer now. Not exactly the most reliable source. There was another article about this a few days ago (it's linked somewhere in one of the comments) and the basic description was "can't do any repairs in place" not "i want to overclock my engine". Even worse ;) Stupid clickbait article. Please edit title to "Minecraft to sell mods". Except you'll replace Google with another Google... This one's funny: "I don't know how old you are, but I'll date myself. Back in the old days of PC gaming, it didn't really matter what kind of CPU you had because everything out there was graphics card bottlenecked." He means he's too young to have caught the era where games on PCs didn't have 3d acceleration? Or even 3d for that matter...