This is a market cap ranking. Even Microsoft ranks on this list. Put it in perspective: if you define big by "actual revenue" (as the Fortune 500 does), Microsoft doesn't break the top 40. At ~10Bn+ in revenue, Google wouldn't make the Fortune 100. Sort the Fortune 500 by profit and Google still isn't in the top 20. Market cap is a measure of the market's expectations for future profit. But it's not a reliable one. Where's Qualcomm and Tellabs now? I agree, but market cap is a far worse metric. For whatever it's worth to you, you will readily get more than 5 minutes of semi-solicited opinions about your prospects and strategy from any VC manager or partner you talk to. You may even score customer introductions. The solid "yes" or "no" is a major feature of the YC process though. No. Other Navies have apparently routinely snapped periscope-depth/range pictures of US warships. This isn't news. It's not even evidence that the Chinese were undetected. And not in Vista. And, so what? This attack is important to cryptographers. It's not important to you. Anyone who can exploit this problem can also backdoor your machine. Why is this supposed to be funny? Not if it's what the market bears. ... and? Rails forks. It's slow even for a Ruby framework. You could beat both ErlyWeb and Rails handily in C, if your priorities were that far out of whack. Nobody uses Rails for its speed. They spent $6MM on infrastructure pre-revenue. The investors didn't pull the plug anywhere nearly fast enough. Did you just say a $25MM A-round is a tiny amount by today's standards? I don't know what that paragraph you wrote means, but $25MM is, in 2007, a very large A-round. Are these reviews by the same team that tried to clone Quicksilver for Windows and wound up with nothing more than Launchy set in Garamond? It's not an ad-hominem when someone publishes a critique of X, and you allege that they haven't demonstrated that they are qualified to critique X. In this case, it might be WRONG to allege that. But it's not an ad-hominem. I was being deliberately rude and snarky about Humanized, who, let it be said, can choose contrasting color saturations with the greatest of ease, and can "collect user interface evidence" circles around my command-line ass. But I agree, I think their attempt to position Enso versus Quicksilver is weak. If Quicksilver was ported to Windows, nobody would use Enso; the marginal cost of that particular value prop for Windows users is already zero, and Quicksilver's "search-and-act" idiom is just more sophisticated, and makes a greater contribution to UI design, than does Enso's. Sorry, command completion? Not revolutionary. And, hey, what's with "a direct clone of Quicksilver would be out of place on Windows"? No it wouldn't. It would be more appropriate. Quicksilver on the Mac competes with a lot of well-thought-out workflow that already exists in the OS X interface. Quicksilver on Windows would add far more value. And the QS "search-and-act" idiom is universal. Have you used Quicksilver? You should. It's pretty amazing. This is a low. Ok, let's all have a debate about neurosurgery! What a fatuous observation. Yes, if only Godin had thought to build an auction site, like OnSale did, he'd be a billionaire. Or a search engine, like Infoseek and Teoma. Or an ordering system, like Cybercash. You mean "Network effect", don't you? I think he buries it in "Deepness". How do you downmod "Will it Blend"? Reexamine your priorities! I'm not saying you're wrong; I'm saying there's a hoary old cliche that you can use to communicate the same thing: "He forgot to add Network Effects". Ebay relies on a network effect; Amazon doesn't. I don't imagine that he forgot it; I think he's assuming most web startups rely on it. He is, after all, Pyra, Odeo, and Twitter. This is really a tempest in a teacup. NSA influenced a NIST standard; MSFT implemented the NIST standard. Dual EC is not default behavior for Vista. There's no evidence of a deliberate backdoor, and most of the failure modes for crypto RNGs involve a threat model you don't care about: someone who can read/write memory from arbitrary processes or the kernel. Another fatuous attempt at scorekeeping. Everyone has a sorry history at startups. It's a simple bias that focuses your memory on the rare successes. No! NO NO NO. Not 5. He said 10. Nobody's doing 5. Who uses email for 5 minutes? 10's the key number here. 10 commandments! 10 doors! 10, man, that's the number. 10 chipmunks twirlin' on a branch eatin' lots of sunflowers on my uncle's ranch! Step into my office! Apple uses Scheme in the new Leopard security scheme. There is a residual talent pool of generally undervalued developers in every urban area that is not Boston, NYC, Seattle, and San Francisco. Lots of smart, ambitious people simply cannot relocate to trendy areas. There are fewer startups, and fewer resources for those startups, in Minneapolis. However, that doesn't mean there are no startups there. Meanwhile, cost of living and competition differences in underutilized areas make startups in underhyped areas more efficient and easier to staff, up to a point. I really wonder how much this meme about how much easier it is to staff in San Francisco comes from social ineptness. It always seems like the people infected with it simply can't conceive of recruiting in any way except national job postings and IRC. Our last 3 hires came from meetups we organized. Finally, if you're really freaked out about finding developers, put your money where your paranoia is: hire remote devs. Yeah, that's where it's from. So is there a post somewhere with actual evidence? Or is it equally likely that the aliens in the employ of the US DoE's Paranormal Task Force have bought and backdoored Verisign? 10 bucks says this conspiracy theory finds its roots in some company owned by In-Q-Tel, the gasp CIA's gasp VC fund. You people sure are gullible. Oh, wait. Call the EFF! The fun part about talking about the NSA is that you don't have to exercise critical thinking; you just propose counterfactuals, citing the NSA's "huge budget". "Of course they could be monitoring Hushmail". "Of course they could be monitoring the Internet." "Of course they could be monitoring all our phones." "Of course they could have chips implanted in our brains". I mean, after all, they're the NSA! I don't know about toxicity of value systems, but there's no more toxic form of debate than a semantics argument, which is what this essay devolves to. This argument seems entirely emotional. Rubinius matters because it "feels more joyful" when you know you can't do better by writing in C? News flash: that's going to be true no matter what VM you host Ruby on. What's your point? The irony, if you can call it that, is that only in the Rails community could someone make a name for themselves by writing a web server in Ruby. You mean, like every intrusion detection system ever built? Leagues funnier than XKCD has been in months. And didn't even play the "Reddit readers never have sex" card. Parsing protocols with parser generators is not an original idea, despite the fact that it's one of the top 3 value propositions Zed Shaw has for Mongrel. Lots of important technology makes no money, and is a poor investment. Do Prototype, Mochikit, or Twisted have VC funding? We foresook the quest for VC funding 2 years ago, and think it's one of the best decisions we made. But having said that, I've held key roles at 3 VC-funded startups, and at none of them was $1MM in revenue a predicate. At $1MM/yr (in product revenue), you're already funded. I can't do anything with this "information". It seems utterly arbitrary. If you're looking for excuses not to do a startup, you're kidding yourself. Actually starting one up is going to give you incontrovertable evidence that you shouldn't be doing it, and there's no way you're going to be able to work through it. Leave entrepreneurship to the crazy people and get back to your job. I read this article for literally all of 5 seconds before getting pissed off. The answer to this "question" is simple, but you can get 1500 word blog posts voted up for it because nobody wants to hear the answer, which is (1) build a viable startup, and then (2) quit your job. Or! If you're daring and an extremely excellent salesperson, you can try (1) quitting your job and then (2) starting a company. If you need to think past either of these two strategies before "deciding" whether to start a company, you're not going to start a company. Also? Arguing for a raise, and then quitting 3 months later after mentally checking out of your job for 3 months? Bit of a dick move. Compressed binary radix tries (also known as PATRICIA trees) give you excellent memory usage characteristics and pretty much optimal search time characteristics: both wins come from only storing the edges corresponding to significant bit differences. Since hash tables by necessity have to allocate enough storage to keep table load down and minimize collisions, you could find a PATRICIA tree has even better memory footprint than whatever hash table you use. Of course, all data structures share the DoS problem. There's an input to a PATRICIA tree that pessimizes lookup and memory usage: the one that creates a full 32 bits of fanout for every key. In all cases, the attack degrades performance to linear search. Of all the "mainstream" data structures, balanced binary trees are probably the hardest to attack this way. It's funny that everyone thinks of "the evil company" when they make decisions like this, but never talk about what they're doing to their coworkers. You're correct. Surely I'm not arguing that. That would be a stupid argument. What I am arguing is that deliberately stiffing your employer for a raise while spending all your real cycles building your own company can fuck over your teammates. Look, you just said you agreed it was a dick move. Great! Do you agree with what you yourself said, or not? This is an awesome, awesome, awesome book. Aguri isn't in it; aguri doesn't even rate for this book. That's how awesome this book is. Hash tables are NOT O(1). You just failed the job interview. You're like the 4th person I've seen that read (some) of this article and pulled this tree vs. hash thing out of it. It's a throwaway point. Binary trees provide comparable performance to hash tables, but also provide efficient access to ranges of keys. Binary trees support more operations efficiently than hash tables. The article isn't about some war I've declared on hash tables. I am, of course, an idiot; you can't make a PATRICIA lookup worse than O(k). I'm not trying to prolong this, or be petulant or pedantic, but you don't have to be working for Greenpeace to have dependencies and shared goals. Your project slips 6 months because you were dead wood during dev and QA while you learned Rails, and you just fucked over everyone else whose bonus and raise depended on the project. We don't have to argue about this because I think we agree. The more important point is, if you need to come up with an elaborate plan to figure out to engage your new company, you haven't figured out what your new company is. There's a YC meme going around here, along the lines of "is now a good time to start my company?" or "what's the best way to smoothly transition into my new startup?". None of that means shit. 2 months into your startup you are going to face some problem that is going to be an existential threat to your project, and it's all going to go badly, and you're going to have to figure out how to work through it anyways, and all this talk about how to "start the startup" and "milk your last job" is going to sound pretty silly. The hash table O(1)/O(n) question is a classic job interview gotcha. I didn't mean to be a dick. You're ignoring table load factor in your memory comparison, you can attack any dictionary "in terms of memory", I conceded the O(n)/O(k) lookup thing before you wrote this, and why do you think "balancing" a red-black tree is expensive? The bound on lookup from a hash table is O(n). I'm sorry, you're talking about a totally different algorithm than I am either here or in the article you're responding to. There's no such thing as a "4 bit PATRICIA" trie. Obviously, if you want to burn memory, you can increase the arity of your tree nodes to "speed up" (heh) fetches. If you use a simple binary tree, which nobody does , you're right. If you use a red-black tree, like everybody does , you're wrong; worst case search time for a balanced binary tree is O(log n). Worst case search for a radix trie is always O(k); radix tries don't require balancing. Where did you go to school? Your school taught you to "balance" hash tables? I feel like I need to take a shower after reading that. This is probably the first genuinely valuable article I've read on OnStartups. This is dead-on, and cuts across pretty much every aspect of running a software company: * Engineering --- BigCo rockstars can be process-bound, require 30 page MRDs to start projects, and gummed up in the tar-pit dev platform choices of their previous project; your startup should not be using J2EE or ACE. * Marketing --- You know you're fucked when you're pre-revenue and your marketing plan involves dropping 20k on vanity booth kits to take to conferences, or when your marcom person spends more money on mailing lists than on organizing meetups. * Sales --- Just having an account manager backs you into a corner on pricing; now you have to make 50k off a customer to make them "worth having". BigCo sales rockstars need armies of sales engineers to be effective, and may spend more time selling you on why they should be promoted to Global All-Encompassing Executive VP Of Worldwide Sales. A big difference between Microsoft and your company is that, for better or worse, everything inside of Microsoft is at least designed to help people do what Microsoft thinks will improve shareholder value. At a BigCo, you can work your MRDs and add $50MM to the year. Nothing at your company is designed to make people successful. If you sit back and do what you're supposed to do at a startup, you die. I've gotta assume any publication that could write a positive review of this thing has to be pay-for-play. Can anyone offer a cogent argument for why I should give a shit who Randall Munroe thinks should be president? Having been directly involved with multiple first-tier PR firms in my career to date: you can spend $1000, $10,000, or $50,000 in a year on a PR firm and still get nothing. Here's the thing. PR firms are not magic. If you have something interesting to cover, you can get it covered in the trade press (or Techcrunch or whatever) without a PR firm. On the flip side, if what you have is not naturally interesting, the trade press isn't really going to cover it even with a PR firm. In my experience, the "value" PR firms offer includes: * Two-hour long meetings about company positioning and the values you want to communicate to the press * Press training (note: actually valuable) * A PR landscape assessment where they tell you that you care about Techcrunch, ComputerWorld, Wired, and Slashdot, and your competitors were mentioned N times last year * A snippet service wherein a human being will do the job of Google News Alerts for you, mostly by means of using Google News Alerts * A filing service for your press releases Apart from press training, which you don't need and can only use if you're getting in front of the press, there's nothing that a PR firm does to get you covered that you can't do just as effectively yourself, regardless of what PG says. My company has gotten pretty good coverage in the press, by which I mean that my company has gotten more coverage in some trade pubs than successful public company competitors. Here's my take on what to do: * Blog. Many trade press reporters skim blogs for leads. * Court controversy. Take sides on every issue you can reasonably take sides on. * Figure out things to do with your product or service that will be newsworthy. Your product or service is itself probably not newsworthy. * Court Reddit aggressively. I kind of doubt Reddit has any trickle-down effect into paper PR --- or even Slashdot --- but if you're reading YC, the people you want to reach are probably easiest to address with Reddit votes. * Secure speaking opportunities. Make a calendar of every event in your space throughout the year, put together a set of abstracts, and cold call. Short of having printable intel on the most recent Apple security vulnerability, nothing gets press hits like speaking slots. (Imagine a PR person trying to allocate a slot for you at a technical conference --- they actually try!) * Figure out who the people who actually write stories in your space are, and make friends with them. More on this, but not much more, in a sec. Here's what I think doesn't work: * Press releases. There may be value in getting into the habit, but we stopped doing this real quick. Remember: the only reason for you to issue press releases is if you honestly think someone will write it up. If you want to do it, you can get a PRNewsWire account for cheap (or use a "free press release" service). The advice you will get is, look at an Apple press release and copy as much of it as you can, so that yours looks professional. * Cold pitching stories to editors. This doesn't even work for PR people (witness all the companies who drop $50,000 for 200 printed words a year and, if they're lucky, an pay-for-play "op-ed"). In the past few years, we've figured out a bunch of things that have gotten us closer to the press. I'm not about to give them up, but I'll tell you the (obvious) theme: be helpful to the writers. Writers are (a) on a deadline and (b) looking for interesting stories. What you have to say is probably not interesting, but that doesn't mean you can't help with both (a) and (b). How you know that there are tricks to getting written up that actually work is, I won't publish them. ;) A beer and a solemn promise would do the trick, if you're in Chicago. A freebie tip is, yes, definitely target the smaller and niche pubs; don't spam Wired. The more helpful you can be, the more influence you have, and honestly, you're just not that helpful for Kevin Poulsen or Chris Anderson. A press hit anywhere conveys an irrational credibility; think about it, it's not most people's job to parse which pubs have a reputation for editorial integrity. That's why the "Top 10 Pick" awards from places like SC Magazine (in my field) work so well. So, if "bang for the buck" is the goal, you'll get 80% of the value of a press hit by sniping at the small fish. The obvious point to make about "the long game" in PR is that reporters and editors have ambitions too, and some of the smartest people in the trade are writing for the small fish; they'll be editors at Computerworld tomorrow. A dollar spent on blogging is worth 10 dollars spent on SEO, if our Google stats are predictive. Got $1000 to burn? Hire an intern (BTW: interns --- a best-kept-secret) and have them write blog posts for you. I can give you two good reasons for being secretive that you may not have considered: * If you're entering a competitive space --- and particularly if you have a direct sales model with medium-long sales cycle (ie, you sell to companies) --- your competitors can neutralize you without copying your features. All a company with a shipping product has to do is "roadmap" your features for you to lose competitive advantage. * There's what Joel calls "The Marimba Effect". As long as you keep quiet about what you're doing, your failures and missteps don't count against you. Once you launch, prospects can start to form an opinion that's hard to shake off. I can't say that these are dealbreakers if you're starting some social calendaring service for pets, or (like most YC'ers) considering some kind of social network code autoindentation product for MzSchemers. But we are not awash in examples of companies that opened up early, launched small, and went on to huge success. Awareness is only really valuable if you're in a position to capitalize on it. Has it been super valuable to RescueTime? You're still 3 "owner-operators", plus "the occasional contractor". It obviously hasn't solved your recruiting problems. From what I can tell, you've "closed" a "round" of YC funding. Got a real term sheet yet? Did awareness do it for you? I'm not trying to be petulant. For you guys, awareness may convert directly into users, and users to a shot at VC funding (though, if you're up and running already, god I hope not). And on the flip side, in my field (security), there's an obvious need for secrecy; we're a bunch of cutthroat motherfuckers over here. So my experience doesn't translate to yours directly. Just saying, the answers to questions like these aren't always straightforward. I'll be the contrarian here. Unless you control the company, or the founders (or whatever the "board"-equivalent is at this nascent stage) are dumb, no matter what the paper stock agreement is, you can get screwed. All you people with private company options plans are pretty much deluding yourselves about your recourse in the event of an unfavorable (to you) liquidation. The pecking order is, latest VC, VC, founders, every executive, and then you. No matter what your paper says, everyone above you in that chain can screw you over. I've seen this go both ways. Companies with 20-30MM+ in revenue have been acquired by $5Bn gorillas, and the VCs and m-team walked with everything but a few thousand dollars. And companies have gone public and larded everyone with windfall options. If you want to have some idea of how much your "equity" might be worth, you need to know not only how many shares you're getting, but how many shares are outstanding, how that pool is going to change after multiple rounds of funding, and, finally, how much the company will liquidate for. A bunch of those questions are basically unknowable. So, you can work for people with this sketchy answer, or you can work for the people who make shit up about their equity to make your questions go away, but in neither case is the answer to this question really helping you. Do you trust the team or not? Is the project worth it even if you don't trust them? Because why? The team hasn't wasted their time dividing up their fictitious millions? You have a BA in economics and have worked for some fairly large companies, and, like me, you're a company founder. Tell me, is this ever a discussion that is "easy"? And, is this discussion ever "settled"? Seems to me, it's settled exactly until they (a) get funding or (b) hire a CEO, at which point all bets are off anyhow. The company has a strong team, a strong product, and market traction. The equity argument is as much about risk as it is about effort, and it looks like everyone else on the team has borne far more of that than our friend here. He's an employee, not a founder; his code contribution likely does not entitle him to demand equity reallocation. Say for the sake of argument the company has been in business for a year before our friend arrived. Say there's another employee who has been there since day 1, but is skills-wise pin compatible with our friend. You think he should get 90% of what the day 1 guy gets? He's using the word "employee". They're paying him. Well, I don't have to wait; I've been through it. In my case, I had essentially no documentation of what my equity was, just a handshake. And when the company sold, I was treated profoundly well. Did I get lucky? I don't know. I loved the project, loved the work, loved the company, and trusted the founder who hired me. On the other hand, look at anyone who held private company options in @stake, a well-funded company with a solid 8 figure exit. All of them had their equity positions spelled out on paper, and none of it meant anything, because VC liquidation preferences trump your peon shares. Look, I'm not trying to be petulant. I just want to point out that your employee options are nowhere nearly as important as you think they are. If you know how to negotiate and you're valuable and you keep your eyes open, you'll do well. If not, no piece of paper is going to save you. My advice to our friend is, if you love the project, trust the founders, and don't have a much more solid job option, by all means, take the leap. You're out of your fucking mind if you think this is the major risk of joining a startup. If you want to see how the "owner" operates the company, ask questions about the sales pipeline. Ask for concrete answers about what happens when the "big customer" cuts them out of the budget. If you don't know how the company's cash flows work, and you're reading tea leaves about the founders state of mind from meaningless equity numbers, then you're just wanking. No. Even with an options plan, and especially but not necessarily if they've taken VC, our friend can get screwed in the event of a takeover. But that's not what's going to happen. What's really going to happen is, it's going to take more than 4 years for the company to approach any kind of liquidity (really, what's going to happen is, the company is going to go out of business like most software startups, but never mind that). But our friend is going to get bored and leave before 4 years are up. Are you seriously suggesting that 3 years from now, when he leaves to take a $200,000 job, that he buy private company options? Because if he doesn't, option plan or no, he gets nothing. I'm a vote for never, ever buying options in a private company, unless you're confident you know what the outcome is going to be --- that there's an imminent liquidity event, that you know what the numbers are, you know the VC's prefs, and you know where your shares are relative to the outstanding shares. When I left my last company, they told me I was crazy for not buying my vested options. Multiple times over the following 3 years, coworkers would IM me and say, "I really wish I had convinced you to buy those options! Big stuff is coming!" And it has: they bought another company, got revenues to the point where only 3 companies in the world can afford to buy them, and are digging in for the long haul towards an eventual IPO, where all the shares will get reset anyways. That's not even close to a horror story. The real horror story is, you buy your options, the company exits 2 years later, management and investors get all the money, and current employees share a retention pool. You put your money in VFINX, you get 3-5% returns. You put your money in private company options, you lose it all. I've reviewed a bunch of submissions to ACM Transactions on Networking, all they were all double-blind. Usenix, on the other hand, is is "single-blind" (if you want to dignify this with a name). It makes a huge difference. Forget about gender bias. The real problem is bias against newcomers. I was reluctant to write anything negative about well-known researchers. When you're doing a bunch of these, you don't have a whole hell of a lot of time to track down cites and evaluate experimental results. So your default is going to be, people who could kick your ass in your field are getting good reviews. You know, they're not splitting up articles because they think YOU like it better. YOU aren't paying them. No insight. Just a restatement of the problem. I'm no more knowledgeable about the bias against women in engineering, and I'm not laughing. Bear in mind that established researchers aren't going to take a "superficial No" for an answer, and maybe the reason pubs stay single-blind is that double-blind would invite havoc; Raj Jain would be getting articles turned down, and everything would bog down in appeals. Oh, wait. No he wouldn't. ACM SIGCOMM is double-blind. Yeah, I have no idea why everything doesn't work that way. No. That's my point. It's hard for me to get too wound up about an issue for which there is literally an episode of the Cosby Show. This appears to have been lifted almost directly out of last week's Onion. No amount of math is going to make multicast happen. Mathematicians always say that their work has applications in network optimization, but it seems to me that the math itself is largely inspirational; Jain's CUTE scheme (precursor of TCP/IP congestion control, the most important distributed algorithm on the Internet) had fluid dynamics inspiration, but trivial implementation. I don't like the connotation that mathematics is a prerequisite to study and improve distributed systems. I can name more far-reaching advances, even in routing, from non-mathematicians. This isn't an attack on cryptosystems, unless you torture the definition, so that SSL/HTTPS is no longer a "cryptosystem", but rather "SSL/HTTPS deployed on Dell Inspirons talking to IBM Blade servers running Apache". As Spaff points out in the comments on Felten's blog, DRAM reminiscence isn't new. As another commenter points out, stealing DRAM chips from wakeful computers is slightly outside the threat model for full-disk encryption. The purpose of full-disk encryption is so that Fortune 500 companies don't have to issue press releases every time someone loses a laptop. The new guidance to those companies may now be to disallow "sleep" mode until disk encryption systems get effective at zeroing keys before sleeping. Problems like this are what motivates things like the Intel TPM. Sturgeon was questioned. None of us know what happened during that questioning. But the judge has ordered both attorneys not to mention his claims during the trial. Sturgeon was not charged with any murders. From this, one can reasonably infer that Sturgeon's claims of having killed eight people were not credible. On the other hand, Nina Reiser's blood was found in Hans Reiser's car and at Hans Reiser's current residence, where she had never lived. I'm not sure what anybody expected to have happen here. There's no truly legitimate use for Hymn: if you don't want to use DRM-encumbered tracks from Apple's proprietary iTunes store, don't buy tracks from iTunes. I don't understand why people believe they have the right to force Apple to sell things on terms other than Apple's. This is nothing at all like attempts to shut down BitTorrent. Legitimate use is a fig leaf with BitTorrent as well, but it's a real fig leaf: you can download a Linux kernel with it. You can't "rescue" any legitimate content with Hymn; you promised Apple you'd abide by their license when you downloaded the tracks. Apple's terms are that you can burn limited copies to CD for personal use. Their imperfect ability to enforce those terms with technology is irrelevant to the iTunes Terms of Service and the Usage Rules. If you don't want to deal with encumbered media, don't buy it. The original Hymn was a cool technical hack, and I salute it on those grounds. The "modern" Hymn tools are less cool. In neither case were they a "good idea"; it's hard to lament their passing. Did I miss the reason he like Python, or is it really just because he likes the Python documentation better? Uh, hello? Extortionate certificate fees aren't a technical problem. It's the "getting inclusion into Internet Explorer" problem that actually matters. What possible evidence do these people have that they'd be successful with this? I think the 4-day work week is genius recruiting. How much more would you have to offer me to take a job that demanded an entire extra day of my week? How long until other smart companies start offering this benefit? And I think they're right: you're going to get the same amount of shit done. The best developers on our team work round the clock, because they love what they're working on. This article is really gross and creepy. It's a stretch, but a defensible one, to report that Jobs concealed a dangerous treatable illness for 9 months. But what possibly justification can Fortune have for reporting about Jobs' children "out of wedlock", the antics of his absent biological parents after he was given up for adoption, the lack of license plates on his car, or the contents of his secret address book? It's hard to feel sorry for a billionaire public figure subjected to takedown pieces like this. So I don't feel sorry for him. But this reporter embarassed himself and his publication. This stuff wouldn't even pass muster on Wikipedia. Someone who doesn't take a salary for six months doesn't get "generous stock options". They get a founders stake. You're going to fail. I offer no judgement, but note that if performance-enhancing drugs become the norm in academia and industry, those who opt not to chemically alter (and perhaps harm) themselves are obviously going to be marginalized. That's why steroids are a problem in sports. It's not that kids "look up" to Barry Bonds. It's that they're not stupid, and they quickly realize the only way to succeed is to dope. Staying up all night coding sounds awesome to me. Having 2x focus sounds awesome. When research assures me I'm not going to be clinically depressed for the remainder of my life as a result of medicating, I might even consider taking pills for work. But I'll feel guilty about the future I'm creating for my kids. And when we find out that modafinil fucks up some useful neurological chemical pathway, or desensitizes the brain to their natural equivalents; well, that's just the price society pays for innovation. I mean, all the other chemicals we use to regulate the brain have worked out so well. Most of them haven't even turned out to be carcinogens, yet! Sounds awesome. The premise of this article is that, because the author doesn't like Basecamp, and 37Signals doesn't respond by catering to him, they're an "arrogant hobby" business. Vote accordingly. At least 8 other YC readers appear to believe that Don Norman is the first person to gripe about 37Signals. Wow, they must suck then! Thanks for telling me; I'm sure if I got all Magnum P.I. on your nickname, I could figure out what it was 37Signals does to alienate people like you, and thus capture the 0.0001% of the CRM and Project Management software market 37Signals has failed to address. We reported a security flaw. They responded as if it was a feature request. We asked whether it would be fixed. They declined to discuss development plans. There's lots not to like about their attitude (look how they handled their last outage), but we're still customers.