I'm not personally amazingly sympathetic. He uses his service for business purposes at home (as a consultant) - as he is perfectly entitled to do so. If he had paid for a business class account, he'd be fine. I pay Comcast right on $100 a month for 22/8mbps, with 5 static IPs, no throttling, and no caps - I work from home and according to my firewall had approximately 800GB of traffic last month (and that usage is not out of the ordinary). This surprises me. When I had Comcast Business Cable installed at my home, the telephone rep got the install address, paused a moment, asked, "Is that a residential house?". I said yes, and all was fine. No raised eyebrows from the installer either. In fact, my boss/company owner, who lives outside Scottsdale, who can't get more than 144kbps IDSL got so sick of things that he ordered a first, then a second bonded T1 to his house, without any hiccups. From the article: "And if you are careful enough to save money (for example living at home saves about 3K a month when all is said and done) and not increase your expenses too much (no need to get a Porsche when a BMW or VW suffices), it’s not hard to save 200K by the time you turn 24." Uhh, sure? 200K at 24, in savings? So that's about 250K pre-tax. Say you graduate high school at 18, find a magical job that gives a high school grad $42,000 a year, and spend /not one cent/ for six years, maybe... (or extrapolate outwards). Or maybe you go to college. Graduate, let's say, age 21... In this economy, how many college graduates walk out of school into an $85,000/year job and no living expenses... Never underestimate the value of a silver spoon in your mouth... and never underestimate the power of denial about just how silver your spoon is. I'd strongly suspect that this guy is definitely in the upper middle, to begin with. "Why buy a Porsche when a BMW will do?", complaining about the duldrums of a six digit income... talking about being easily able to have quarter of a million in savings at age 24... etc, etc. And I can appreciate the response... the information you're providing is absolutely interesting... perspective is different, nothing more... Is hard to discuss such things without some numbers... keep writing. :) Without belittling any tragedy, and with the obvious bias of being a firefighter, whilst trucking may be more deadly than being a firefighter, the situation you describe is largely in response to the fact that that person typically gave their life in order to try to save a stranger, or their home. Despite the risks to themselves, they put their hand up and said "I will go into that burning building if I know you are in there. I will risk life and limb to get you out. And in the process, I acknowledge that there is a chance that -I- may be the one that doesn't come out." Their big funeral, with all of their peers? Is but an acknowledgement of that. No-one made them make that decision, but they did. Their peers come because they want to show support to the family and friends, knowing that if that worst should happen to them, they'd want their own family and friends to have that support. "-considers something "robust" if it doesn't break old code, when the rest of us hate it because we have to live with register_globals and other horrors" Agreed - as a PHP programmer (mainly in Zend Framework), who is now learning Python... I hate register_globals. With a fiery passion. More importantly, as someone who hosts several photographer websites, I have a bone to pick with http://bludomain.com/ - congrats on your eighth birthday. Have you updated your code since you were born? It's a travesty that involves turning on almost every deprecated option in a php.ini. :\ The same impoverished underclass with access to Blackberry's and smartphones with data packages who can't afford to put new shoes on their feet? Are you really claiming this? I'm not so convinced... I went to my Apple store to buy an MBP, 17", 8GB, SSD. Nope. "We only stock the HDD models in store here." Not "we're out of stock". Hmm, okay... well maybe I could just buy an SSD from NewEgg, and sell the HDD... "What about with 8GB... I only see 4GB prices out here." "Yeah, we don't stock 8GB models. We can install 8GB and give you the 2 x 2GB chips." Yeah, not so much. The iPhone 4 has 326 ppi and I just took off my glasses and > I really had to focus until my eyes hurt to be able to see a single pixel. (I failed, I couldn't see one) Also I have to get really close on to my PC screen to see single pixels (235 ppi) > Now my question is, how could my retina have 530 ppi if I can not identify single pixels on a 326 ppi device? I guarantee you can. Make a nice white image and place a few single pixel black dots on it. You'll see them just fine. Or, for that matter, dead pixels. Read the comments on the article for a far better analysis / explanation than the article itself. In fact, checking in will still be around, and location info will be able to be attached to -any- content on FB. Because Apple supplies fiber to Moscone Center, right? ;) Apple releases "Retina Display", with ultra-high resolution: "Amazing! So much better than anything else! So crisp! So beautiful!" Someone else releases lower pixel density display for laptop, but far better than what Apple deigns to offer: "Ugh! No! How can you read that? That just gives you eye strain..." (Exaggerated for emphasis) Fake! Steve would never say, "Relax, read the iPad, Facetime Tim Cook"... It'd be "Relax, read iPad..." :) Two words: Power Shell. Well, one word. PS is a "decent command line" for Windows, that can handle most of the things you discuss pretty well. I can't feel too much pity for Mr Assange here. You'll notice he never said that the publisher had no authority to do this release - because you can guarantee that they do. Julian is hardly the first author they'll have had bail out after an advance check has been cashed, and their contract will allow them to recoup the costs any way they see fit, including releasing drafts as is, sending the manuscript to (another) ghost writer, etc. If he is actually innocent, then it sucks that all this money is being channeled to lawyers. But even that is of his own doing. I'm relatively certain that, had he stayed in Sweden and let the legal system run its course, his legal bills would be orders of magnitude smaller - though of course there would be the possibility that he would be found guilty. Instead he chose to flee the country, and his exorbitant costs are due to the fact that he's not now in a Swedish courtroom with an attorney defending sexual assault charges, but in the English High Court with a team of QCs and SCs specializing in constitutional and human rights law defending an extradition request, so as to deny him the ability to avoid justice, and to deny his accusers the right to have their claims heard. "Does this add value to the discussion?" Nope. "The MBA, which has fundamentally changed the way people think about computers"... Err, no, I really don't believe it has. "2:02PM Phil's taking a shot against the Atrix, Thrill, and Inspire 4G. "The iPhone 4S is just as fast as these phones."" Wow. "Guys, this is awesome! Our new phone is just as fast as an Android phone that came out a year ago!" (The Atrix, about to be supplanted by the Atrix 2). Do you think that might have something to do with the variety of models available? That people are more free to pick what hits their aesthetic desires, as well as form, functionality, features? Whereas with the iPhone, you basically have "the iPhone". So of course sales are consolidated into that one model. There is. As there is with most of the "4S vs 5DMkII" comparisons. For example, the 4S photos are highly saturated (known to be a trait of the iPhone) and sharpened (whereas the S95 and 5D shots do not appear to have had any sharpening). In the first set of photos, the iPhone shots have a completely different DOF to that of the two cameras (and not even shot from the same position). The "4S versus 5DMkII" video comparison going around conveniently ignores the little footnote in the accompanying description where the tester states that he "adjusted the 5D settings down to match the 4S options available", i.e. "4S video matches highly handicapped 5D video"... No doubt, the 4S has impressive still and video functionality, but you're looking at a couple of lenspieces smaller than a penny versus 12+ pieces of glass in an L lens... The screaming one to me is that O in Helvetica is a circular shape, whereas Roboto has vertical lines. There are definite similarities, but a multitude of fairly significant differences. And yet, nicely cherry-picked videos and stills from the iPhone 4S promotional material are just fine for stoking the fires of iOS vs the rest... And yet, his "words to avoid" talks specifically about "GNU is not a tool set", either... "How did we lose sight of the fact that this is the entire purpose of stylesheets? To separate the display of information for various devices/platforms/needs. So yea, they should provide a "netbook style", and any other. That's really the point of it all." Seems to me, "a couple of years ago". That's when any real innovation in CSS seemed to cease.* * I can hear people arguing already. By "innovation in CSS", I don't mean "cool, awesome tricks" like "being able to render strange bullets in pure CSS by bastardizing four divs, a span, and a dozen lines of stylesheet", or "a bargraph library that outputs pure CSS". Those are cool, awesome tricks, to be sure, hacks, but the very definition of "solving the wrong problem". "Arch Linux with ZFS-FUSE in RAIDZ2 configuration: 4x2TB HDD = 7TB of storage that can survive dual drive failure." Uhh, 4 x 2TB raidz2 will give you 3.6TB of storage... "Though I guess they could've been helping the fire department locate the fire or something; I'm sure it'd take quite a while to check for fires before giving an all clear." As a firefighter, I can -guarantee- that would never be the case. Depending on the severity of the alarm, we have our own tools for a) finding the fire - thermal cameras, etc, and b) getting to them - there's a reason forcible entry is taught in Fire Academy. :) No, they were just putting themselves above their employees. When something not turning out "as you expected" means that there is a high potential for death or injury to /an uninvolved party/, then absolutely you have failed in your responsibilities, especially when it is something that your planning or contingencies could and should have accounted for. I guess, then, by your logic, if no-one was responsible, there will be no compensation, right? After all, not their fault that a cannonball just happened to rip through someone's house. What an outdated idea, indeed. (Though of course, in reality, the production company / insurer will probably pay for all damage and some compensation while trying to make the homeowner sign a document stating that they accept no responsibility or liability and that it's a goodwill gesture). There's an easter egg there, too - try Control Shift drag. Yeah, it costs Amazon nothing to run... Maybe Amazon should be complaining that the retailers don't have to manage huge server farms, or employ hundreds of technical staff, or so on. They both have costs associated with doing business. Amazon has to pay ongoing infrastructure costs that the retailers don't, they have to take care of sales and other taxes that Amazon might. Video -hosting- (and ancillary features) is included in what you pay for. Access to other parties videos? Is not. And the party you contracted with (Google) has contracts with other entities. Has nothing to do with "rights". If you have a problem with the contracts entered into, then act accordingly. For what? Being denied their natural right to have content hosted by Google at no charge? Wait, hang on... Except they make out like bandits in that case. Hefty fees to the merchant, jacked up transaction fees... I understand your communication just fine. HN is however not immune to its own little cults or pockets of personality worship. Questioning some of those people, however validly, will often result in downvoting for your gall. Does anyone actually use Tumblr for original content, or for that matter, text? 99% or more of the Tumblrs I've seen are just people recirculating other Tumblr photos. "Apple-like innovation"? What's "Apple-like" about making an antenna? Wasn't "Apple-like" the reason for free bumpers and "you're holding it wrong"? Try as I might... I can't justify, or figure out how $50 (+ $10 for a mobile app - used to be $20) for a To Do list, however nice, is worth it. This might feel / seem a little deceptive - but I would consider having a "female-themed/friendly" theme for the site too. Two domains, one DB, etc. Because other than that, I think you're going to have a huge problem finding female members. I do like the sense of humor, imagery-wise, and the design. "Adam Savage later said that he had been told he had better get his ass into damage control mode, and that it didn't matter if he sounded foolish in saying it was all a mistake". I'm usually fairly anti-Gruber. But this was, in all respects, an interesting and insightful read, well thought out, and offered little in the way of Gruber's worshipping at the pedestal of Apple. Granted, you did mention iOS work, which limits your choices, but there are several laptops there that absolutely can compete as desktop replacements, including one I've used: Dell Precision M6600, Core i7-2820QM 2.3GHz,16GB (can take 32GB), graphics cards up to Nvidia Quadro 5010M 4GB, 1080p resolution display, SATA 3 SSDs "I just did this with a new product we launched. My lowest plan was priced at $9/month. We did a usability test with our target market and ask them (at the end) what they expected to pay for a product like this. Only 1 person said a number lower than $20/month–and they went as high as $100/month." However, that doesn't imply that they WOULD pay that for a product. The conclusion they might draw (validly or otherwise) could be "I'd expect to pay a lot more for this product, so I won't even consider it an option - it's out of my range." I might expect to pay $1,000 for a table for 4 at one of Gordon Ramsay's restaurants. I might be pleasantly surprised to find the average bill around $600. That doesn't mean I'll pay $600 for that, though. "This marketing spend is disproportionately targeted at the US, as it's one of the few countries which permits heavy marketing of prescription drugs directly to normal people." By few, you mean two, soon to be one. The US and New Zealand, and New Zealand has passed legislation to phase it out. The US will be the only country in the world where you can be advised of your potential need for a prescription drug not by a medical professional, but by an actor on a television screen. "The doctor flatly refused -- MRIs were only available after physical symptoms had developed. Of course, at that point, the available treatments for a flare-up of MS are less effective at preventing long-term neurological problems. (Happily, I am back in Japan now.)" There's your mistake. You didn't see a doctor who owned (or who had bought a share in) an MRI machine. Those doctors are 4.2 times more likely to refer patients for MRI than doctors who don't. Not sure why this was downvoted, other than "USA! USA!". Disclaimer: I live in America. "but if USB is supplanted by something like Apple's Thunderbolt (convenient, huh)" By which you mean "Intel's Thunderbolt, which Apple was the first vendor to license"... "To a certain degree"... Not so much... So I, as a Content Creator, have to a) be mindful of, and b) take action to opt out of 1) Pinterest, 2) any other of a potentially large number of sites / applications, purely in order to ensure said sites don't claim commercial rights to and derive income from my work and effort? Not the way it works, or should work, say I. They shouldn't. At least if they follow their own rules. They cracked down heavily on sites (like experts-exchange.com) who would display results and answers to GoogleBot, but when humans attempted to browse that page, they had to register/ pay to see the same page. Because "without it, you will die" is an amazingly effective motivator. Someone I know recently had a double lung transplant. Even with insurance, employer support, and many donations from a large community supporting, he was told that a) the procedure would cost approximately $1-1.1M, and b) that a downpayment in the order of $400,000 would have to be received PRIOR to approval being given for the procedure to go ahead. His insurance? Would only cover $350,000, after the procedure. His illness? Cystic Fibrosis. His age? 32. Not so much that, to me - both parties have a great idea of what their costs might be, but the consumer has the critical information - "of the options open to me, which will I choose, if any?" The "ignorance" is in "likelihood of utilization", not "cost of utilization". "Even better we were able to get rid of the 'select your card type' field since that was detected by Luhn." FYI: Card Type is not determined by Luhn algorithms, but rather (broad brush strokes, see http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Bank_card_number#Issuer_Identif... for more detail): 3 - American Express 4 - Visa 5 - Mastercard / Diners 6 - Discover "So, not burning, but still, not the best news. Maybe it's a faulty device?" Except for the fact that many people are complaining of similar issues. I've found myself trying to get more productive when I'm "forced" into Vim, and mostly failing, and reverting to Sublime Text 2. As a result, I've looked at plenty of Vim evangelist links on HN looking for inspiration in learning more about productivity with the editor, and honestly? This is one of the first that has given me some real insight, some workable examples, and something to go on. It does have a cheerleader tone to it, definitely, but really? I wish more "advocacy/evangelism" posts on HN had this flavor (and substance) to them. Tortious interference? When Party C (the prospective employer) attempts to induce Party A (the prospective employee) to break a contract (the TOS) they have with Party B (Facebook)? And almost no Windows "malware" in the last decade has been a traditional "virus" either. Trojans, social engineering, all so much easier. Citation? The last thing along those lines I'd heard of was the PNG(?) exploit. And people say we're not in another bubble. People through comments saying things like "well, VCs needed to double their investment - this lets them do it in a few months" Wish I lived in a world where I should have expectations of a several hundred percent ROI on investments. Interesting quotes. But I find myself skeptical. (b) and (a) seem, on the face of it, to be mutually exclusive. Either Marc found himself being recused from meetings that happened without his knowledge, at both his own company, and at Facebook, or he -was- aware of his recusal and either didn't know ("plausible deniability"?) of the subject of discussion (which, if he was recused, seems redundant), or he -was- aware of the subject, aware of his being recused from multiple board meetings, and being "surprised" by the "Oh, hey, Facebook now owns that company your company owns a meaningful percentage of". That, and we're also being asked to believe that Facebook makes billion dollar acquisitions not only by recusing directors with related interests, but by deceiving and misleading them. AND that the board of Andreessen Horowitz feels that it should / can act the same way to its namesake founder, Mr Marc Andreessen, and feels it proper to accept ten digit acquisition offers without him. As I said, color me a little skeptical that (a) and (b) of his claims are accurate. Already "expired" due to high demand.... So they can invest -some- of the money in the US. And pay salaries, bonuses and dividends with the rest - without paying the appropriate corporate income tax rate first. That's why. This isn't hugely new (though the idea of giving players a choice is) - Eve does this every year for their "birthday", usually a unique design shuttle. From my memory of the Eve economy, it seems like the (in game) value of some of these gifts heavily outweighs the others (though all are really only of "value" to new players, as they are purchasable by a more experienced player with an hour of NPC combat, if not less). That's the other iPhone sleight of hand. iPods do video? No-one wants their iPod to do video... [pause] One more thing... iPod now does video Single core, dual core? No-one cares, it's about the experience... [pause] One more thing... the 4S is now dual core! So you don't need iOS hardware, just Apple hardware... so much better! Interesting bunch of inferences and extrapolations there. "Signal for litigious behavior" - because we all know if you promise something, you shouldn't have to follow through on it unless it really works for you, and you're not upset about something else entirely. That whole "after the DB damage, I'm hesitant" implies both admission of situation, and vidictive behavior on the part of the company. Why shouldn't he be feeling litigious? Is part of your recruitment process "Must be spineless and / or company man"? "many of whom are more reliable than this guy"? How has he demonstrated lack of reliability? Docking wages for employee mistakes unless (and perhaps even if) wilfully negligent is /highly illegal/ in every state in the US, and will have the Labor Board all over your company and slapping you hard with fines and punishment. And therein lies the rub. Panic is hardly alone, but where once stood a legion of Mac users screaming bloody murder (and rightly so) at websites that were "Designed for IE on Windows", now there is a generation of "Works in Safari? Looks good on my iPad? Ship it!" designers and developers. Agreed. Especially not when algorithmically managed. It is in no way comparable to a curated service / site. The author refuses to admit any bias in their position, too (that they make money in and around the world of affiliate marketing). True, unusued CPU power is "going to waste", but when an i7 950 overclocked to 3.5GHz, running of an SSD and 1600MHz memory with Chrome 18 uses 20% of CPU for a transition that's a problem (though with what is a different argument). My point, though, was that to me it highlighted a more symptomatic issue, that a certain segment of the population, who used to rail against discrimination against their chosen platform, are more than happy to cheerlead / defend / exonerate discrimination for their chosen platform. When said person is occasionally and randomly having friends or guests over, sure. When said person is making a fulltime income solely from renting space in an apartment that he is only leasing, well, "most people" would think "I should probably take a look at my lease first"... The entire thing to me is a little disingenuous. Apparently, according to an orthopedic surgeon, his study shows that people think orthopedic surgeons should be paid $16,000 or so for a knee replacement. And that Medicare "only" pays $1,400. Let's clarify: Medicare pays the surgeon "only" $1,400. Medicare payments for the surgery are far higher. Equipment, drugs, in patient stay, therapy, anesthesiologist... Bear in mind, now, that the typical knee replacement takes 1-3 hours. Those 1-3 hours are what lets the surgeon pocket his $1,400 (from Medicare - more if privately/insurance billing). Although the study is billed as an example of the disconnect of public knowledge, it seems difficult to imagine it as anything less than an attempt to increase Medicare payments to surgeons, which are already in the realm of $500-$1,000 an hour for this particular procedure. It's not that impressive, when you consider that Sony has let you select a 1920 resolution on some of their 13" laptops for over a year. Lest I be considered a nay-sayer, I'm going to be getting an MBP largely for the resolution boost. "Crashing all the time"? This isn't the days of 95, 98, and early XP... Crashing and BSODs are a thing of the past now, unless you buy a non-name peripheral, or have faulty hardware (which will crash an Apple just as quickly). Heroku had to coin some words of their own to "mask" the fact that their services are but engineering on top of the AWS stack (which isn't to belittle the effort involved). "So, only your first argument ($99/year, for 100 devices) is actually correct." Only if we allow you blowing off the "need a Mac" requirement to equal zero dollars... It's kinda a decent sized hole in your argument. Does that mean they're not allowed to decide they require him back, and then go through the "proper channels" to do so, if he refuses voluntarily? It's not a double jeopardy situation. When you know that the due process (which involves making sure he doesn't have the ability to later claim that due process wasn't followed) requires an in-person interview, then throwing up platitudes (that you know won't, can't be accepted, but which make you look entirely reasonable) is duplicitous at best. Point me to any country in the world where a telephone interview of a suspect or person of interest in a crime is an acceptable totality of due process or investigation. 2007 was hardly "a more innocent time" for the Internet. Napster had been shutdown years before and was still winding through the courts, for example, and The Pirate Bay was an (Internet) household name. BusyCal looked good. Until I saw it was $50. Plus another $40 to allow syncing?!? Sorry, I find it really hard to justify nearly $100 for a calendar app. True. Even while I love ST2, have purchased a license, and swayed my boss on the subject, it remains, if nothing else, surprising that there isn't a Preferences / Control Panel / Options style option, even as a plugin / package. I love how you compare oranges to apples, rather than to Apple. The most apt comparison you can make for doing this is "fast food", rather than the 800lb gorilla in the room, Apple, who had to be sued to include "screen images simulated" and "sequences shortened" in their iPhone ads...? "and also being (somewhat sensitive)" "As for the received email, I had just enough time to reply "If you put as much effort into the rest of your work as you did this email, you'd still be working here" before the guy left." One of these things is not like the other... Agreed. He spends 326 words saying what can be summed up as "when you're small, small changes will be noticeable. When you're large, you'll need to make some larger changes to notice a difference". Actually, that's not a summary, so much as I challenge anyone to find more value or detailed analysis in the original piece.I read it and thought "what did I learn here?", not to mention how utterly vague it was. Well, technically - if you're thousands of miles out to sea, bouncing a signal to a satellite in orbit a few hundred kilometers above the earth may well equal the speed and latency of an equivalent fiber connection... Beg to differ / disagree. I'd say there's a lot less than 200 features, most are "refinements". I mean, really, is "Date Picker in Calendar now has a mini Calendar" is a "new feature"? A new widget on a control? "Were"? Have they stopped being sold? No, definitely not. IBM sold a 22" 3840x2400 (205ppi) LCD monitor over a decade ago. http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/IBM_T220/T221_LCD_monitors Panasonic has also launched a 20" 3840x2160 IPS LCD display, too. So basically 15 ppi, then - your comment reads as someone trying to exaggerate the difference - the T220 was 205 ppi, and some of Apple's Retina devices are 221 ppi, a grand difference of merely 7% - well, seven per cent and eleven years. Well, they may not have had to do it, if Apple had not jumped at the chance (went the ruling was only tentative) to make a pro-active strike telling retailers they were not to sell the Tab. Why should they not then have to say otherwise? I liked the existing SatNav in my Prius for this. I could split the display, the left hand side showing the 3D turn-by-turn navigation view, and the right showing a top down, north-oriented view. On longer trips, I'd also zoom the right map all the way out to show start and end, so I could visualize the entire trip. Aside from anything else, really? Your app allows a user to send regular, scheduled text messages to friends saying "Where are you?" so that you get the benefit of knowing where they are? That sounds horrible for the recipients of these messages that I effectively have no way to opt out of, without telling my friend to knock it off. I could choose to ignore the request, sure, with the potential for passive-aggressive drama to follow. What are the use cases for this app that "Hey, where are you?" won't suffice for? "Here, click on this link and I'll see, on a map, verified by your phone - and this website will also get to know." NBA League Pass is $170… NFL, Season Rewind alone is $70, NHL's GameCenter Live pass is $170… How are you paying $250/yr for all three? Largely no. A severance package may be contingent upon it, but typically your last paycheck is expected to either be paid on the final day of employment, or on the next paycheck cycle (and in most states the former - and is typically done by check to avoid delays, whatever, legal claims). The apology was pretty weak. "Oh, hey, I was one of the ones who attacked you, your site, host, business. You got shut down, even though you did nothing wrong… Sorry." I'm paraphrasing, but that was pretty much it. No regret, no "what can I do to help?", "I'll try to correct the disinformation I spread", just a literal "I'm sorry." The end. Why? Do you anticipate a lowering of standards after the thrill has worn off? Yeah, so many of the Mac designers / evangelists who screamed the loudest about "Designed for IE" and other web evils have come full circle, and adopted a mantra of "Looks good on my MacBook with Safari, ship it!" > App.net has 8,000 paying customers and $550,000 in annual revenue Many of whom were backers who were sufficiently curious to pay to get access to / see the product. The real kicker will come at renewal time, and how many of those customers remain. You definitely did drink the Kool-Aid: "I paid for a product, I can't login, and I can't fix things so I can login. But I'll meekly 'reserve judgment' rather than lambasting what should be a fairly important issue." "I used to explain to people at work that I shouldn't have to carry a Palm and a phone, for example." You didn't - instead, you could have carried a Blackberry, for one. Note that LendInk had no contract, either with Amazon, authors, or users of the service. If anything, if this was the route intended, said authors COULD try to claim "tortious interference" (whereby a third party induces or enables the breaking of a contract between the first and second parties), but in order to do so, they'd first have to establish that a) the spirit of the contract with Amazon was 'friends and family lending', something that is not at all hinted at in the letter of the contract, and b) such a thing was known by LendInk and they knowingly set forth to do business regardless - and I think there would be a nebulous case with difficulty proving either. On the other hand, perhaps there are some defamation cases floating around that LendInk could win, possibly also interfering with someone's livelihood? US (and most other nation's) law specifically nullifies either any clause or the entirety of any contract that is found to reference illegal behavior. In addition, there are also whistleblower statutes, to further protect in such situations.