> As a user, ... I like to ... and expect ... Sorry, but the format made me laugh. Mozilla does have some way of dealing with bugs in sites. They're maintaining a site/database which Firefox consults for workarounds. More info: https://www.reddit.com/r/webdev/comments/cd1lob/how_firefox_... Very pretty. > on the 100th or so Python stacktrace Go's not perfect in this respect, either. I had your typical map[string][]interface{}, because the data in the map was an array of records, but different records in different cases, and made an error in an append(), so ended up with nested arrays. That's correct according to the type definitions, but unwanted. Generic could have helped here. So I think the language still needs to grow a bit. It depends on the representation. If the representation is in the FSA format (state, character, state), it becomes nearly trivial. I didn't verify it, but my intuition says that can't be done with a CFG; it seems at least context-sensitive. The first 19th century book to impress me was Nicholas Nickelby by Dickens. It's a British sort of "Les Miserables", A Christmas Carol style. And my wife reads Pride and Prejudice at least once a year. It's a surprisingly modern book, very much worth reading if you don't mind the romance. So be it. Traveling everywhere every time you want isn't a human right. It's a luxury. Until Zuckerberg changes his mind, or something else happens. Then it's back to bitching about governments failing to protect your rights. Money is power, as you imply, and I don't want any of it in Zuckerberg's hands. I have functions that have to deal with hierarchical data objects, JSON like things. All collections are identically typed (although they have optional fields, different length arrays, etc.), but there is more than one type. In order to write simple code, I wanted to write one function that gets them from the database, one to update a single record, one to notify of changes, etc. So my top-level type to cover all of these collections is map[string]interface{}, which in TypeScript would be Map . Then I ran unit tests, and sometimes a weird error cropped up. Turns out I made an error in an append: instead of concatenating two arrays, I added the second array as the last element of the first. That was a time consuming bummer. This problem could have been prevented by two approaches: copying every function for every type, or generics. Go is a nice language, which makes some tasks easy to implement, almost fool proof, but it still lacks in other areas. You're probably most happy on Edge. How was "Merge" proposed in the early 1990s? Hierarchical structures and compositional semantics predate that by decades. If the proposition was Merge as a "universal" operation, then I'd say there is no evidence that our brains implement such an operation, and that it has a very shallow stack, which is domain dependent. That makes such an operation a meaningless abstraction, not suitable for explaining anything about human behavior whatsoever. The billion dollar mistake refers to Hoare's statement, not the fact that it might have been a more or less costly error. And errors in terms of security are not all that matter: a simple crash can cost money too. https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Tony_Hoare#Apologies_and_retra... I don't think there's any kind of research that could possibly back up claims about the influence of color on something as brand perception. There is only "29 UCLA psych undergrads reacted 18ms faster to small red squares in comparison to small blue triangles on a monitor at 40cm distance in 2003". Do people benefit from gaming the system? Then it surely is being gamed. And they do. Funding and tenure depend on these metrics. > Overwhelmed by the volume of submissions, editors at these journals may choose safety over risk and select papers written by only well-known, experienced researchers. There is a bit of a "circle jerk" in this process: if you know the right people, you can get better reviews. In return, you review their papers or requests favorably. That also leads to repeating authors. I've discovered a foolproof way to make billions of dollars and take controlling interest in the major corporation of your choice. I'll share my secret with you, since I'm all done using my system (hint: if you want to buy any corporation known by three capital letters... forget it.). Step 1: Find somebody you trust to work with you as your partner. Your wife is a good choice, although in a pinch your pet hamster will suffice. Step 2: Create a dot.com company. Building a company with strong technical underpinnings and lead by a passionate and visionary leader is best. However, you can also cycle through e- .com, choosing 's from the dictionary until you find one which isn't used. Whatever. If you find all the names are used, try the dictionary of a foreign language. Step 3: Go public! Issue 1,000,000,000 shares of stock. Keep 999,999,999 shares for yourself, and sell the other share. Step 4: Have your partner buy that share for $100. Step 5: Party!!!!! You now have a $100 billion market cap. Make sure you give interviews to Time, WSJ, and so forth. (If you don't understand why you have a $100 billion market cap, please close your AOL account and go back to your day job; this system isn't for you.) Step 6: Buy the company of your choice, using your $100 billion in stock. (Note: avoid companies created using this system.) Step 7: Retire. You've worked hard, and you deserve it. (edit: source unknown, found on r.h.f a long time ago) But concentrated on the simpler tasks. Rosetta Code has examples for Gaussian Elimination, but no string to number conversion. It also has some really esoteric languages. It's really more of a Rosetta Stone, while Programming Idioms is more of a lookup for the typical but infrequent stuff you (well, I) tend to forget when working in multiple languages. The whole piece is fluff. It focuses on one or two minor, anecdotal observations regarding aspects of ideas about consciousness. The fact alone that in split-brain patients consciousness is often not preserved in the left hemisphere undermines all speculation involving cytological similarities between species. AWK's primary use case is processing a file line by line. It offers a few well thought out mechanisms to do so, allowing you to script relatively complex operations in just a few lines. At the same time, and acknowledging it's not pretty, it's powerful enough to run an http server (not kidding: https://github.com/kevin-albert/awkserver ). So if you want/need to write a script that requires more sophistication than cat, join and sort offer, but you don't want the hassle of setting up IO, field splitting, pattern matching in a more complex programming language, etc., AWK is your friend. Some of examples of my own awk scripts: converting csv to json, counting trigrams, splitting text by words or sentences, getting the one line from a complex and long log file that I needed, pre-processing files before compilation, cross-tabulation, rewriting file paths, converting weird file formats and ad-hoc templating. > for some quick and dirty CSV munging- Tip: if you have quoted fields, use gawk, and FPAT = "([^,]+)|(\"[^\"]+\")"; Not just adversarial. FK simply uses word length as a proxy for frequency, which is obviously wrong. It makes crocodiles and elephants score higher than gybe and vaunt. It also doesn't acknowledge that embedded clauses are more difficult than a "sequence" of clauses, etc. In practice, it'll often point in the sort-of-direction-ish, but you need to take the outcome with a pinch of salt. Here's an almost random, older paper that discussed readability score differences between genres: http://csjarchive.cogsci.rpi.edu/Proceedings/2008/pdfs/p1978... . Their conclusion: ... the analyses confirmed that several frequently used approaches for measuring vocabulary difficulty tend to be structured such that resulting text difficulty estimates overstate the difficulty of informational texts while simultaneously understating the difficulty of literary texts. These results can be explained in terms of the higher proportion of “core” vocabulary words typically found in literary texts as opposed to informational texts. Even then, many of these metrics will prefer "the rat the cat the dog bit chased escaped" over "the dog bit the cat that chased the rat that escaped". They are very, very rough measures, to be used only in case of emergency. > the language of conservatives is simpler than that of liberals? Times have changed. People here seem to have had positive experiences, which may be due to a bit of fanboyism or Apple hate, but a relatively technically capable colleague tried to install Ubuntu onto a Dell recently, and failed: grahpics and network issues; no idea if it could sleep. Two days of work lost, so now he has a mac. I also think she hasn't done enough to deserve the Nobel peace prize, but used and abused? That's not a very honest frame. I sort of agree. I had a project in which I wanted to use Go, but I ended up writing Emacs macros to repeat boiler plate code. That wasn't pleasant, and to me it meant that Go wasn't the most suitable language for that problem. That applies here too: if you find yourself writing too much boilerplate code in favor of an abstraction, try another language. If you want/have to continue in Go, look for another solution. I adhere to "dogfooding": use what you make, and use it seriously. Then you'll understand what design documents so often fail to communicate. Programmers and certainly architects should get onto the work floor, and actually participate in the job, preferably before starting their "real" work, but certainly afterwards. Why Nightly? It's not guaranteed to be rock solid. Django is ok if you have a web site with content and forms that map nicely onto SQL tables. Any 1998 website, basically, with not too much of a load. Any other setup, and it gets messy. > Needing to put dict property names `{'in': 'quotes'}. Now that's a part I like. All that based on an increase in page submissions. Is that the goal of auto-complete? The research behind the number (25%) is highly dubious, because the video cited as the source doesn't tell how it was done. At all. Ironically, it follows a section on how MDN is documenting the standards, and how that "contribute(s) a lot". Not if you've worked on similar problems before, and you don't mind a slow solution (speeding up and keeping it correct is hard). Certainly a lot of exams are filled in using tricks, bordering on superstition. Words that remind a student of a certain kind of solution can cause application of the wrong formula. In that sense, ML, statistical, or "deep learning" models perform a bit like us. Not surprisingly, since co-occurrence plays a large role in our fast intuitions. It also shows that such models are miles away from higher level reasoning. In my experience, doctors, also GPs, are aware of effects on mood. In fact, my SO didn't start taking the pill until it was recommended for precisely those reasons during the (peri)menopause. There is a great deal of uncertainty about which pill will work, if any, but that's hardly surprising, as we have so little knowledge about the brain. I'm sure someone will try to spin this positively for drone delivery: "See? We can't let those poor people suffer. We must think out of the box. I know: let's use unmanned aerial delivery. By the way, did you know my company happens to be in this business?" What's the Spanish Inquisition got to do with this? Are they in your reply because of the word "Spanish", as in "the union between the people of Arragon, Castille and the very same Catalunya, who (re)conquered the Iberian peninsula?" > governments burn libraries Not really. > Catalan separatists are ... pedophiles Is there really anyone who said so? Or are we a bit hyperbolical today? He brings in the Spanish Inquisition because it seems to portray the Catalans at the right side of history. > Regarding the libraries comment, it happens plenty Plenty? It happens, yes, but it is not just governments: individuals organize book burnings, authors too: Vergilius wanted to burn his Aeneis. Meanwhile, the RC church had another tool (the Index), and almost no government burns libraries. I think even the Nazis didn't, and certainly the government of my country isn't burning them. I can see one right across the street, and while it's ugly, it's not on fire. The comment above mine is all hyperbole and whataboutism, probably meant to provoke. I'm not condoning the approach of the Spanish government to github, BTW. All of their governments seem to shoot into a reflex when the unity is at stake, from the Second Republic up to Sánchez. That's stretching the original remark quite a bit, but then also "cypherpunks" are guilty of that. No doubt that they are neo-Nazis: the first event in the calendar is Joseph Goebbels' death day, even though that seems a bit overdone to me. I didn't know they were fond of Gavrilo Prinzip, but his birthday is also there. I'll keep the torrent alive a while, just in case. Dubious, but it's a valuable resource for the organizations that investigate such movements. Also: their family members probably know. I'm still waiting for the content. I had the free subscription, and it was dismal, certainly for someone who doesn't like Marvel. Producing a few chapters of a Star Wars spinoff or another "Beyond Infinity Avengers War Universe" isn't going to bind many people. Their streaming isn't great either. The two times we watched a movie, playback was regularly interrupted, one of which proved impossible to continue that same evening. And no, that never happens when watching Netflix. I think RSX, RT-11 and VMS would like a word. The more bloggers, the more nonsense. > A growing body of evidence suggests Ah, weasel words. How telling. Here's an explanation: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=rVviNyIR-fI It's basically fitting on non-linear transformations of x. Don't worry. I never liked it either. When I found Unix, I was sold. I think it was the pipe (in the shell) that did it. There's a shortage of those workers, so that can't be true. I do agree there are way too many people doing "something in communication", and that waiters don't always work very streamlined, to say it politely. That first line is pure nonsense. Even the "general" interpretation is bloody wrong. People google more symptoms than their own, and not everybody uses google either. FitBit's data is valuable to any party trying to muscle themselves into siphoning some of that health care money. Google is on a war path, but many prefer to stick their heads in the sand. They're not meant to be used like that (and terminate the function, not the block), so the implementation can have more overhead than try/catch. What bothers me about it is that there's no syntax for it: recover as it is looks like a dirty hack. I've been writing my first production software in go this year, and I must say I'm quite favorable towards its error handling now, ugly as it may look. Even during testing there haven't been any crashes except in the places where you can expect them (like writing x := y.(string) when y isn't a string). For me, the only real downside in go: nil pointers in combination with the absence of non-nullable types. He later mentions that newspapers and TV are regulated and held to standards. These could be applied to facebook and twitter too. Not only that: it doesn't change the contents of the speech. > Others believe the answer to #2 is yes. Others believe the success of our program to teaching pigs to fly will greatly improve as we build taller towers. I infer you didn't experience the Cold War. Edgy drivel mixed with guilt by association: how pathetically needy of recognition the writer must be. > would have been Why? I guess the Vietnamese communists would have surrendered to the US and the country would have lived under its influence instead of the Soviets', and that's assuming Ho Chi Min would have received enough support in the first place. There's no reason to assume the US would have nuked at someone's whim. BTW, the French and the Brits also have their nuclear arsenal. There would not have been a "monopoly". > Both empires probably had to treat their subject populations a bit better in the presence of a geopolitical alternative. That's not quite sane: you're (1) placing this as an alternative to a full out nuclear war, and (2) placing the US' and the USSR's influence at equal footing. While I do agree that Collier is a musician's musician, I don't agree with the remark he should look for people who are "cooler" and the "hip-hop and dance" bullshit. That is so denigrating. Music's purpose is not trying being cool. It sells, surely, but so does Helene Fischer. Amazing. My MBP/Firefox still had 50% idle with a frame request every 8.6ms at 1M particles. React is a bit of a resource hog, and all the article shows is that modern processors are really powerful. This, or possibly a variant, was also used in early electronic circuits, because the it would keep the load constant, if I remember correctly. I think USB-C isn't just negative, and I do like the touchbar, even though I have to admit that it's rarely helpful in practice. For the rest, I think you're right: Apple has lost its way forward. I fear the day the accountants will see a lucrative deal and split macOS from the phones, app and music biz is closer than ever. So he is the father of word salad. If anybody ever says the brains of men and women are identical, the average brain has > a volume of around 1260 cm3 in men and 1130 cm3 in women. It's nonsense, spawned by fear that acknowledging differences will justify discrimination. Yup. The examples cited (at least a few years ago) all show a reference to a person from a group, never to a known individual. And it has never been common, except in fossilized expressions. BTW, "Chaucer used it, so there" is pretty normative for a linguistic argument. But Bloomberg was a Republican who only recently switched. Why would they elect him as the Democratic candidate at all? Perhaps the answer is "money", but in that case, he's got Yang beaten already. From my (very foreign) point of view, Yang is simply not a serious contender. > What would you define as a serious contender? Someone with much support, influence and popular appeal. > I can't imagine hardened Bernie supporters rallying around an old New York billionaire Me neither, but I also can't imagine them rallying around an uncharmismatic, non-mediagenic guy with primarily nerdy support and the same ideas as the rest, except for the unrealistic and probably "unamerican" UBI, to phrase it in the same style. > the Republicans still nominated him Democrats aren't Republicans, of course. Bit rambling, but it boils down to a critique of fad-driven management: we have do TDD, Agile, whatever, but --from the developer's point of view-- more as an end than a means. > there's no real need to make your implementation more complicated than a single array Ugh. That's just offensive. That's not "just an array". His name is literally Christian... I inherited a few python/django servers. One of these has workers that grow to about 1Gb over time, even though they retain absolutely no data in core (or shouldn't). The same server is used to collect data, convert things and analyze the data. Especially the latter can take a bit of time, which means that there is a problem when more than two people try it at the same time, since it severely hinders the other tasks. I'm now converting one server to Go (although not the heavy one), and it really runs fast and uses much, much less memory. It also starts in in less than 1s, whereas the django application takes 5 minutes, because of some stupid problem in static file collection. Python is fine as a teaching tool, to prototype in, and to use in notebooks as a wrapper around numpy, scipy, etc., but not to run in production. Here's the hello world of technical interviews in ArnoldC: IT'S SHOWTIME HEY CHRISTMAS TREE JOHN YOU SET US UP @NO PROBLEMO HEY CHRISTMAS TREE SARAH YOU SET US UP @I LIED GET TO THE CHOPPER SARAH HERE IS MY INVITATION JOHN LET OFF SOME STEAM BENNET 100 ENOUGH TALK STICK AROUND SARAH GET TO THE CHOPPER SARAH HERE IS MY INVITATION JOHN HE HAD TO SPLIT 15 YOU'RE FIRED 15 GET DOWN JOHN YOU ARE NOT YOU YOU ARE ME 0 ENOUGH TALK BECAUSE I'M GOING TO SAY PLEASE SARAH TALK TO THE HAND "FizzBuzz" BULLSHIT GET TO THE CHOPPER SARAH HERE IS MY INVITATION JOHN HE HAD TO SPLIT 5 YOU'RE FIRED 5 GET DOWN JOHN YOU ARE NOT YOU YOU ARE ME 0 ENOUGH TALK BECAUSE I'M GOING TO SAY PLEASE SARAH TALK TO THE HAND "Buzz" BULLSHIT GET TO THE CHOPPER SARAH HERE IS MY INVITATION JOHN HE HAD TO SPLIT 3 YOU'RE FIRED 3 GET DOWN JOHN YOU ARE NOT YOU YOU ARE ME 0 ENOUGH TALK BECAUSE I'M GOING TO SAY PLEASE SARAH TALK TO THE HAND "Fizz" BULLSHIT TALK TO THE HAND JOHN YOU HAVE NO RESPECT FOR LOGIC YOU HAVE NO RESPECT FOR LOGIC YOU HAVE NO RESPECT FOR LOGIC GET TO THE CHOPPER JOHN HERE IS MY INVITATION 1 GET UP JOHN ENOUGH TALK GET TO THE CHOPPER SARAH HERE IS MY INVITATION JOHN LET OFF SOME STEAM BENNET 100 ENOUGH TALK CHILL YOU HAVE BEEN TERMINATED That’s so minimal i’d call it basic. That makes the title of this post more like a "worst of both worlds". Not good marketing. I read about this or a similar approach before. I've got no idea how they think they'll pull it off without requiring rust like annotations or reducing expressive power to something below TM equivalence. Or "leak free" doesn't mean what I think it does. > We need a lot of data to do this well. Yup. And once you've got a sufficiently large tagged error corpus, spelling correction will be as simple as a lookup: almost all misspellings (in terms of frequency) will be present in the corpus, and you can drop the (rather simplistic) algorithmic part. Your family and friends can listen to a recording on youtube. So much faster than studying the piano. Note that the article uses "verbal memory and semantic fluency" as a proxy for general cognition, so readers will almost automatically score better than viewers. They also seem to have modeled all factors as linear, and "cannot rule out (...) the possibility of reverse causality". So to answer your question: it depends on whether you consider all assumptions of the article relevant. One thing the article certainly doesn't contradict is the old adage "use it or lose it". > Open new windows more quickly. Windows open more quickly now than before. A few versions ago, it had become unbearably slow (I'm an FF user since Camino died), and I stuck to using tabs only, but 72 seems to have caught up again. I estimate that it's around 0.3s slower than Chrome on my machine. > Use the platform native key store. Amen to that. ZZ Brevity should not be an excuse for obscurity and illegibility. I get it that you assign a short name to central data structures, but all those two character identifiers... > I think most people who have tried an APL derived language also agree. That part I have some experience with, and I think that's not the case. I was taught APL (in a CS course) along with a hundred or so other students, and it was nearly universally disliked; IIRC, it only resonated with some of the EE people. The department's administration was even written in APL, and nobody wanted to touch it. After finishing my assignments, I've never wanted to look at it again. So I, for one, doubt the style is universally likable. Do you have a moment to talk about The Great Saver, uMatrix? There are so many papers that make claims that are in no way proven by the actual research done, whose authors don't get disavowed, that it's almost certain it was because of the topic. But it is extremely rare that a university publicly disavows its staff. I mean: let's talk sample bias. So many psychological studies are run with just psychology students as subjects, certainly in cognitive science. There are also quite a few studies using questionable sources like Amazon Turk. Did anybody ever get reprimanded over this from higher up? I've only saw them receiving praise for yet another article published. There's no evidence, and certainly not a plausible model, that supports/explains how reaction times reflect attitudes, and how changes in attitude change reaction times. > I cannot remember the name That's all the endorsement we need. For classical and jazz, there's e.g. prestomusic.com And data entry errors... Sure, for some things awk is a good fit, for others it isn't. But if your file is correct csv, and you use gawk, this does the trick: https://www.gnu.org/software/gawk/manual/html_node/Splitting... I have my doubts too, since there are quite likely ceiling effects. Perhaps the competition was set up out of desperation, or because the non-profit still had 25k to burn who knows? But I would be really interested to see if it really has an effect, and if that effect can be sustained. Worse: brain scans can't prove this kind of claim at all, so the title is really yet another piece of lousy science journalism. The only support comes from old-fashioned cognitive tests, and the effect was only found for linguistic skills. So yeah. Useful, but one thing: a USB-3 port can be compatible with a USB-2 port, so one might expect that 2 USB-2 ports can also be covered by a device with two USB-3 ports (as long as they have the same connector), but I don't think the search works like that. The proposals don't change the language, it's just a few very sensible warnings and the tiniest, sensible extension of constant expressions. I'll add the same: idling does take a whole CPU in my situation too, and only on the mac, not on Linux. I don't think a layperson can understand even the basic principle behind AM, let alone the actual device. It's not as "simple" as washing your hands. > The idea that nothing would be created unless there is financial incentive is silly As is the implication that financial incentive doesn't work. > Wasn't piracy supposed to doom us all? Piracy is what drove YouTube's monetization scheme, and there is a race to the bottom among musicians (which is certainly not only caused by piracy). So it may not be doom, but it's at least a PITA. I can't see how. Perhaps it makes it easier for the page owner to track how far down a user has scrolled. What an utterly cheap way to motivate people for your own benefit, because surely he can’t have ignored the possibility that his employees could follow this great recipe. Of course. I hope you don't want to use the output, though. Title does not seem to cover the contents (contents which, at first sight, are a bit noble for Google; I guess that's why it's so vague). How can politicians take responsible measures if they can be called out on any nonsensical thing? Not that I'm against transparency, but there really are two sides to this. In the best case, politicians act in the interest of the people, which makes publication of their private dealings unwanted. In the worst case, they act against the interest of the people, which can only be dealt with by complete openness and independent justice. In practice, there's a balance between the two. And it's worse if the decision makers are judged by people that are only partially affected, such as in EU decisions. The latter did already happen: Diginotar, in 2011. The Dutch government tried to restrain browser makers from revoking Diginotar's certificates, since many of their websites and services used them. It's a good thing certificates don't have an eternal life span.