Excellent work! Thanks also for responsible behavior on the pending flaws. Sorry, but this is a joke. The internet was indeed invented in Europe, but you have to acknowledge the inventors, not some unrelated causes. normally ted nelson is cited as most important cause. the early inventions were http and www in geneve, cern and in parallel hyper media browsing (htp and integrated browsers) at the tu graz. Not yet indexed by Play Store, but can be found by going to the http url. Oops, the problem is: My 2 T-Mobile HTC 4G phones are not compatible with this app. Neither T-Mobile Samsung SGH-T679, and Vodaphone Samsung GT-I9000. Only works on Asus Nexus 7. Guess it will not turn out as killer app then. This suggests other fixes, such as apk sizes http://stackoverflow.com/questions/10475954/why-does-the-goo... Because US tech companies still use MS Windows and their employers may use Facebook and Gmail on their PCs. Easy as that The boss wants putty, the user can edit .ssh/config by himself already. I especially chose code.google.com over github. After the SourceForge troubles I thought, this is a big company, which will not go away soon. I can trust them hosting my repos there. In comparison to github. But unfortunately github turned out to improve their stack constantly in contrast to googlecode, and now it seems they are also turning down downloads, though that would be a feature that is much cheaper for them to support than for github. It's minimum support cost, their bandwidth is free and almost unlimited. bad bad bad. I start to regret my decision. Though really, binary downloads for open source projects make not much sense nowadays. Compile from source or leave it to a distro. So, if windows users cannot deal with open source they should get it from closed source. The binary distros do exist. mingw or cygwin even have graphical UIs. Not a googlecode problem. I hate to provide binary dll's for lazy windows users. windows compilers are free nowadays. I can wholeheartely recommend this tool. With tsan I found a lot of races in parrot threads, which I didn't detect in months before. Those were all real issues. http://blogs.perl.org/users/rurban/2012/08/threadsanitizer.h... Welcome to micromanagement to its extreme So Turkey is helping preparing the first strike tomorrow morning. The UN inspectors are out finally, the chemical theatre took place again, and finally they strike can begin. Reportedly Saturday until Wednesday. The not-social encumbered myopenid bows down to social login's only. This is an interesting decision in the light of recent steps back from social login's over privacy misuses. There is a great potential for new services, which do not misuse globally trackable social logins. But I cannot find his previous open-sourced tool anymore, UNA. Now I'm only waiting for ZeroBrane to integrate the profiler into the IDE and LUA beats the rest by far. I'll try to integrate the profiler and debugging API into the lua derived potion and p2 as well. Dynamic and static parsing is different to just calling eval within the parser. "Dynamic parsing problems" such as solving the halting problem, by e.g. changing the prototypes or eval'ing code in BEGIN blocks are just small practical problems. In practice the parser only has to be GC-safe, which needs a few days work. | BEGIN b:block { p2_eval(P, b) } On the other hand the "dynamic vs static parsing" on perl11.org talks about compiling and extending parser rules at run-time, which needs a fast vm to do this. To be able to support macros. Not perl5, perl6 or nqp. Efficiency should be near the C level, but you shouldn't be forced to go the rakudo way with its insane bootstrapping and serialization overhead just to support BEGIN blocks in its stdlib and support run-time parsing. The JVM or .NET could do that, but I don't buy the overhead, esp. when you look at fast parser combinators in lua, lisp or look at maru, which is basically a jitting parser, bootstrapping itself. The author p2 because of perl11: 1+1=2 And 2 as the next perl, because it should solve the p5 problem, being not extendable and improvable. And the p6 vm problem being not fast enough, and being tied to inadequate vm's and mops. This is the idea at least. The p2 goal is to use as much non-conflicting p6 syntax within p5, and mark conflicting parts in special lexically scoped syntax blocks. But data and methods should be shared, the ast, compiler, vm, threads and event model ditto. Syntax blocks also allow easier ffi and sql interaction, { use syntax "C"; c declarations ... } being a nice FFI language, compared to "extern { c decls; ... }", which is also nice. We want to use efficient signatures, methods, classes, tasks, coros, promises, hyper operators, types, lazy lists and so in perl, regardless if you call it p5, p6 or p2. Yes, the crazy numbering numbering scheme is an inside joke. First we had the endless perl7 discussion just skipping over 6 and show some artifical progress in 5. Next came the moe folks (p5-mop in a new vm) who registered perl8.org as domain pointing to scala. Then came Ingy with the 5+6=11 idea. Whow $ zcat ~/Downloads/static.log.gz | perl -lne'if (m/ 200 (\d+)/) { print $1 }'|sort |uniq -c 390 0 523 10881 639 12479 16276 1279 178111 2602 1 4071 14 4072 63 4801 112 4812 9431 5097 27654 5821 110 5911 1348 6008 162 7884 256 8278 568 9035 1103 9634 That's a lot of changes Finally a proof that New Yorkers are more stupid than anyone else. They cannot predict the speed of approaching vehicles and thus have to be protected from such vehicles. I wonder how the city council found proof for that claim. I also hate those Deletionists who have no clue about what they are talking about, use no real names, but still are allowed to make decisions like this. In open source you could fork it, but unfortunately this doesn't work like this in Wikipedia. I dared to recreate it. May those uninformed deletionists come again. So far the new/old page got one positive review. True header. Don't write code first. First write the docs to understand the problem domain from the other side, the user, and come up with a better API. Then write the tests to support this API you came up with, and help structuring the code into small testable units. And lastly write the code. The business model needs not to be written, it must be simple enough to stay in your head and explain it to anybody in two sentences anyway. I always consider Spike Lee as technically worst filmmaker working today, and wondered who on earth did he get to rights for the Oldboy remake. He cannot even get the simpliest things right, and I wonder how often the DP needs to help him adjusting the shooting plan, tell him that he crossed the line and adjusted angles, and how much the editor has to fix. And we have to see the results. But with the Oldboy remake you would need a master, not an amateur with a hyper ego. Anyway, I decided to skip that desaster last year already. And now we see that he is also in other departments one of the lowest. Unrealistic. He has the last word on the posters being choosen. He already chose these posters, but was told that the guy asked for money. It was his decision to rip him off. He is the producer also. The controversy already started when we heard that Spike Lee (!), the amateur who doesn't even know the simpliest technical film skills got the rights. A similar controversy arose when M. Night Shyamalan sat on the rights for "Life of Pi" for a few years, but was ultimately replaced by Ang Lee. The only one who could master such a job. With the Oldboy remake it was clear from the beginning that it would lead to a desaster, but apparently the studio owed Spike Lee a big favor. Of course I agree with Dekorte. Having written compilers written in perl, C and LISP - the ones in perl in pure OO, and the ones in C and LISP without, I conclude that I rather add classes and methods to my compilers than trying to improve it without. In the one written in C, classes are supported by the intermediate VM though (dynamically typed, very similar to Io), which is still better than having to write it in horrible C++. Google is going now after DOD (defense = war) contracts? This is frightening indeed. asan being less feature complete than memcheck is arguably wrong. if you look at their feature overview https://code.google.com/p/address-sanitizer/wiki/ComparisonO... you'll see that they do detect stack oob and global oob (buffer overflows), and some use after return. being 10-20x faster also helps, that rarely someones uses valgrind (we found a lot of bugs even valgrind would have detected, if someone would have tried), but you can ship betas compiled with asan. Again he is spinning/lying about the word "collecting". Their interpretation of collection is still collecting + looking at it, while the rest of world still interprets collection as collection. Countermeasure: plastic http://eyebloc.com/ or just a small piece of paper on a tape, which looks better. http://hospitalityrisksolutions.files.wordpress.com/2013/02/... commonly called the bus factor. https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Bus_factor I believe we heard that some months before already. The biggest problem is IMHO their libcrypto still being used in Java and MS Windows. Interesting interview: - He obviously speaks german now quite fluently, so I assume he will stay in Berlin, in a much safer country. - Obviously the CIA still tries to get hands on the Snowden data to know how much and what exactly the journalists have, to be prepared. So they still don't have this information. This could eventually lead to better NSA reforms, as they still have to fear the worst. Yes: > The anger that motivated the writing of the Cookbook blinded me to the illogical notion that violence can be used to prevent violence. I see, right. Perl objects are even bigger and need one indirection per access. A perl head is 32 bytes plus 48 byte body, ie. 80byte on 64bit systems. For my perl rewrite p2 I need one single word per object on the stack. Common Lisps usually needs two words, the class pointer and the tagged value. I really liked the visualization of the various GC's btw. Excellent work! The important number is the avg pause time. Here with ruby 2.1 7ms for a minor and 58ms for a major sweep for a typical ~500K heap app. In my potion-based GC (a stack-scanning, compacting, cheney two-finger GC) the avg GC needs 3ms, but it's not concurrent (multi-threaded) yet. All of these can be considered real-time, i.e. The best java GC I found needed 150ms pause time. Good lisp's have real-time GCs. Ok, so let's agree on 6 years. In the EU had lifetime plus 30 years. The 70 years came from the US movie industry and was forced upon us. Excuse me? Do you have no idea what right the TSA has and how the TSA abuses their rights? Besides being highly overpaid and highly ineffective as mentioned by the Israeli airport security chief recently. Only in 3rd world countries like the US and some of the worst parts of Africa and Asia you have to wait over 1hr in the line on average, and it's better to avoid the worst airports, like Detroit, Chicago, Minneapolis, Atlanta or Newark at all to fly in from abroad. Paris CDG (de Gaulle), Heathrow, Rome and Istanbul are the worst in Europe and you still cannot compare it to any airport in the US when flying in. I don't think that the president has the effective power to do any harm to the security apparatus. He didn't even try so far, though it was rumored that he might go Bulworth some day. They probably have too much power and info over him. But at least he is still alive. JFK tried too but was eliminated by them, and afterwards only the Church committee tried to limit their power a bit, but not their budgets. The fact the Obama completely turned 180° on all security and constitutional matters from his senate times should tell you. The first and second act are quite plausible, but Jonze complelety blew it in the third, by introducing her crush on the influental hippie buddhist philosopher ("The Way of Zen") Alan Watts. Using AI to discuss jealousy and modern relations ships is too off. Agreed. The potion/QISH implementation of the two-finger cheney loop is extremely efficient even without register values (volatile), typically 3ms pause time on a mid-sized heap. Compare that to typical java or ruby pause times, starting from 25ms to typically 150-250ms. You need more memory though, as in most lisps it's using copying, i.e. compacting, not just simple mark&sweep. Incremental is doable, but you need to add GC state then, which is a bit tricky in threads. Actually libgc is pretty good. The US is in state of emergency, essential martial law since March 9, 1933. https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/State_of_emergency#Ongoing Surprisingly shadow article for someone like Walter Bright. Just some basic recommendations, but nothing practical? No links to books, parsers, implementations? The easiest start would be "Compiler Construction using Flex and Bison" by Anthony A. Aaby, available as free pdf, and for adding LLVM to the mix the link would be: http://gnuu.org/2009/09/18/writing-your-own-toy-compiler/ There needs much more to be said, e.g. links to such languages which were written in a day and are not necessarily lisp or scheme. That would be too easy. I find it very naive to believe that the FBI agent filled out the form incorrectly. Looks like a bad excuse to me to get over that issue finally. It rather looks like that she was put on the list just because of an overzealous agent who didn't want to risc anything or maybe mixed up her name. And he didn't care to put that back, esp. after she complained. So they played the national security game for a while. How can government agencies still can get away with accusing someone of "theft" and accessing a "private computer" and "private documents" when they just publish documents on the web, and the public is consuming them? The fact that there was a HTTPAUTH protected login page in some up path on the site does not infer that the documents should have been protected. They are or they are not. And they looked legit, i.e. public. Esp. with government documents you are safe to assume that they are public, if they are public and look public. Given the latest news it is also very likely that the FBI with the help of some other government cyber-crime unit raided Silk Road 2. You will see it only when the thieves will try to sell or exchange the bitcoins. The FBI won't do, and it will be in the news sooner and later. > Actually Poland which is 2nd world country really, has better life expectancy that USA! Which is easy to explain the US also being just a 2nd world country. The difference is that the US standards are falling and the other 2nd world countries are mostly rising. Oh nice. They have now almost a Common Lisp environment. Getting closer to Greenspun's tenth rule. Sure. Ukrainian Security Service hired criminals and led criminals out of jail, gave them weapons and so they went shooting at the protesters. World news (i.e. US, UK and some other state sponsored news services) are still behind Yanukovich, so I wouldn't trust how they are spinning the events. Exactly the same for me. I was approached several times, tried the interview up to the second stage, but it was just horrible. Same as you explained. I also said, no thank you. Not any other technical company I interviewed with was THAT bad. They should really fire all their hiring personal. he was talking about scope here. hashes do not help much. assoc lists were important to implement dynamic environments simple and fast, which is not so easy with hash tables. In assoc lists you tolerate duplicates, but by putting new at the beginning you override/"shadow" the old ones, until you leave scope and use the old assoc list. and share the data! with hashes you have to actively delete or copy the tables. non-efficient and very complicated. Remember DSSSL anyone? Obviously worse was better Hell, those criminals were even granted immunity for their crimes. Forward immunity by letter 2511, and retrospective by the FISA Amendments Act of 2008. And just because the DOJ and the gov say it's legal does not mean it's legal per se. parrot is definitely not dead. Some people left. It has some architectural problems (missing 6model and slow method calls) and had to survive some destruction done over the last years, but it had a good jit and has better threads than moar, which will bite moar sooner or later. parrot threads are essentially lock-less and scale linearly, moar threads are traditional, they lock on every single hash, array or object access. The parrot jit will come back soon. And I just fixed all internal compiler optimizations, so parrot -O2 is safe again. On the other hand, the moar GC and calling convention is better than parrot, their new GC is a copying one, similar to the third vm targetting perl, p2 on potion. http://perl11.org/p2/ If this is the actual goal they are not even bad at hiring, which I can testify personally, they are also bad to be hired at. They cannot offer interesting jobs, their hiring practice and personnel sucks, their pay is not really competitive. Who wants to work for Google if you are >30 and experienced enough? You get free meals elsewhere also. Sure. LISP is always worth the time, even if you cannot use it at work. Technically still far superior to everything else out there. I heard Germany and Italy had many double taxation issues also, besides Australia, but they have at least treaties to avoid such. They only other state which goes after their people living abroad is Ethiopia, but they have double taxation treaties with at least Israel, Italy and South Africa. So yes, US tax laws are the worst. Come on, this guy is not everything. The first link I clicked was at the bottom left: Project which brought me to https://ramen.is/projects/ramen which explains everything in detail this guy did not find and searched for. Overall, looks a fancy new kickstarter site. I care about projects not kickstarter per se, so I like the idea how the projects are presented in ramen. Better description: http://techcrunch.com/2014/04/02/microsoft-updates-visual-st... I would have appreciated if you would also had described the downsides of using DynASM compared to other jitters. E.g. In lightning you don't care too much about the target architecture, as you jit to an abstract RISC machine. So the jit library is portable (not in DynASM), does handle the calling conventions for you (not in DynASM), and does register optimizations automatically (max 6 with lightning), again not in DynASM). The real trick you seem to like is the syntax abstraction, using | as prefix. But normal C can do the same with __asm(string) and it's easier to use C macros for portable ASM, and LISP jit libraries have long done the same, with the advantage in LISP that the JIT macros in lisp are part of the normal language. No need to deal with restricted C macros. If it would be that easy. ssh not, but all those. Some of them actually use the heartbeat feature. curl seems to be the worst. $ apt-cache showpkg libssl1.0.0 => http://perl514.cpanel.net/libssl1.0.0.depends (186 deps) I loved his Zortech compiler, esp. the nice GUI which beat all others, but mostly his C library which came with it. I used a lot of his libraries for while, until I decided that C/C++ is a dead end. With D he found his mojo, but people are still raving about Rust and are still mostly ignoring Walter. Big thanks to Facebook for deciding on D. Only ObjC came close but D is better. Is this a late April 1 joke? This should be the major argument against GnuTSL and OpenSSL. PolarSSL is symbolically verified! You can see some screenshots at http://blog.frama-c.com/ but unfortunately their frama-c annotations for polarssl are not open source. It would help a lot if such annotations could be used for similar crypto APIs also. There are many more such symbolic verifiers and bugfinders out there (using solvers), but Frama-C was one the first and is still one of the best. Their test system knows about valgrind and ASan and runs it if available. There's also a frama-c annotated version. not open source, but still this is exceptional. I'm just missing CPU specific optimizations (SSE, Altivec, ...) I'm not so sure about the fuzzer. We have several good symbolic fuzzers around by ourselves, like fuzzgrind, but not so many open symbolic bug finders, like BAP, MAYHEM, EXE, forensic, cmbc. It could also be that they just added symbolic annotations like with Frama-C (as done with portalssl) and found bugs thereby. openssl nor gnutls is not in the shape to add something like this by themselves. It's much easier to come up with workable exploits in decent time with symbolic input and the stp or z3 solver than with simple fuzzing. Klee, EXE, Forensic, cbmc, BAP all mix symbolic analysis with SAT solvers into the C parse tree, and can come up with input to contradict the assertions. (automatic testcases or exploits) Frama-C still beats all with it's interface, but Forensic is so nice that it even tells how the fix should look like. https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Model_checking Frama-C does not say much, when do don't tell it what it should do. It needs to reason over symbolic facts, C code is not enough. It's not just another simple static code checker. You can look at the Frama-C blog what it does with a major openssl competitor, polarssl. http://blog.frama-c.com/ He missed Erlang, heavily used at Wall Street. In my experience I could concentrate much better on work, and got much more done. Esp. in wintertime, when depression can catch you much easier. Work is a good excuse to forget the private mess, and this needs time, at least a few months. Try to forget, get distraction, go outside. Looks like doing business with US companies is now in severe trouble as the US does not care to obey foreign privacy laws. At least it's official now. No serious concerns. Just the typical overly debian knee-jerk reaction to bring someone down by bullying "because we can" and not for technical merits. There was no argumentation why cacert should be removed. Maybe Assange was right? (I still doubt it, debian politicians are just as stupid and like to abuse their powers as any other politicians are) You do want to support a non-commercial and community driven CA cert authority, because you don't want to rely on commercial-only cert's which are not based on technical merits, just on friendship and common business interests. You really want a free HTTPS connection to your favorite open source projects login page, and do not force them to pay yearly CA update fees to not trustworthy cert authorities for no reason. Currently you need to add the cacert into your keychain on some distros manually. See http://wiki.cacert.org/FAQ/ImportRootCert Pathetic. Still waiting for one and a half year. Why should I pay a not-trustworthy company, when I can get one for free, from a widely respected and completely open sourced and community managed authority? Hash randomization avoids the O(n) attack on collisions if the randomized seed is not detectable. But if you don't sort the output of keys, rather depend on the random seed to iterate over the keys, the seed provides no protection anymore for the O(n) attack. It is very exposed and a minor security risc for DDoS attacks. Perl is bit better than Go here, but not as good as Python. The real problem is exposing too much information of the seed by the ordering of the keys, and not preventing the algorithmic explosion on collision attacks. Such languages should really rework their collision handling strategy and not rely on randomized seeds (which can be brute forced or easily guessed such as here) or even worse, by strengthening the hash function. TL;DR: The poster has no idea about hash tables, what Go did, why they did it, what the problem is and what should be improved. PS: His cygwin git blog post is also completely wrong. He uses msysgit with some msys openssl version and complains about cert warnings. Of course, he is not using cygwin. Nonsense. A high-level language developer uses the higher concepts to get more work done, in better ways, and less time. Hacks always strike back, sooner or later. Instead of "Codes like a class, works like an int!" they probably meant "Codes like a class, works like a struct". The fact that a final class cannot be represented and optimized to a simple struct in a non-dynamic language is really disturbing. Logarithmic is not constant. The fact that elm announces constant array access will not surprise anybody, as this is an inherent property of arrays. But then seeing that they have to use radix-trees for arrays and announcing it as constant is highly misleading. These guys should switch over to politics. And this only holds for immutable arrays! So even without push,pop,shift,unshift they have to use trees for arrays. That's almost a month old Regarding the "Perl 5 interpreter for the JVM": See rakudo-jvm. It can run perl5 and perl6 code, and has proper threading support, but the perl5 backend is still in development. Regarding the "Perl 5 to Javascript compiler": See perlito perlcc, the static C compiler is very stable and used in production. Nonsense. In industrial applications there's mostly german SW controlling the world market. They don't care that you never heard about it. Same problem for any graphical programming environment which doesn't provide proper software tools, like diff's for updates, tests, coverage, debugging. But nevertheless they are used and recommended very successfully. Matlab Simulink is a very similar environment used professionally to a much higher degree. There are extensions in some toolbox for graphical diffs, but who uses it? Who can review the diffs in a version control system? And those systems are pretty hard to debug also. In a 10Khz loop you cannot step through or set breakpoints and hardly do printf debugging. Looks good, but the syntax is ugly, and sol uses a much nicer type syntax and allows definitions of subtypes already. https://github.com/emilk/sol The limit is 15. Around this number Not to be mixed up with Alexei Shulgin, the popular internet artist from Moscow: http://www.easylife.org/ He is well and alive. He was not indicted because he was merely running a TOR exit node, he rather was indicted because chat protocols proved that he was aware of child porn being run over his server, and he even announced it to be better to run child porn over his server. http://m.futurezone.at/netzpolitik/tor-prozess-du-kannst-kin... he himself says in his blog that this protocol parts are out of context. he wanted to get access to certain botnets. I aligns to previously known data and studies that >50% of all black men in the age group 18-60 were in US prisons. I didn't know about the rates of young whites and hispanics. But given the enormous prisoner numbers in the US it also sounds plausible. Reading the letters would help. A physical attack. "Choking" But I would highly doubt her credibility having read her smear letter and the questioning methods they did those times, and the four years needed for the divorce. p64: from an "Los Angeles Times" report 7/18/56 "His ex-wife reportedly testified that on several occasions when she unwittingly disturbed either his calculus or his drums he flew into violent rage, during which time he choked her, threw pieces of bric-a-brac about and smashed the furniture." The other citations left out the choking part literally: "...the appointee's wife was granted a divorce from him because of appointee's constantly working calculus problems in his head as soon as awake, while driving car, sitting in living room, and so forth, and that his one hobby was playing his African drums. His ex-wife reportedly testified that on several occasions when she unwittingly disturbed either his calculus or his drums he flew into a violent rage, during which time he attacked her, threw pieces of bric-a-brac about and smashed the furniture." I wonder what she wrote on the deleted 13 consecutive pages attachment at the end about his "Evidence of Disloyalty" and "Personality and Character", that the even the FBI decided to delete it. And a second questioning about 2 specific points brought nothing specific, so it was only this famous single letter. I find it interesting how she made up the numbered list of arguments which sound like FBI wordings, probably influenced by the questioning method. She is summarized by the FBI as "She said that her personal feeling is that FEYNMAN is without character or acceptable moral fiber. She ... emphatically he is not acceptable to her as an appointment to any position with the U.S. Government which would require moral character and emotional stability." (p188) And she refused to furnish a signed statement on these allegations. I call this bullshit. As far as I know, criminals had always a designated driver for exactly those reasons. "bad actors will be able to conduct tasks that require use of both hands or taking one's eyes off the road which would be impossible today" Looks like the FBI is just pushing to get a real-time interface into the car control. "Algorithms can control the distance that the patrol car is behind the target to avoid detection or intentionally have a patrol car make opposite turns at intersections, yet successfully meet up at later points with the target" root_ordner: german only word And what to do with the executive? And what do you with the legislative? Only the supreme court can be replaced by politicians. There's no other way out than start telling people the truth. Which might start with independent media and education. But US people are already even more indoctrinated than in the 30ies with Goebbels. Seems all press and misinformation to me. This was 2006, but couldn't be reproduced by others so far. I would consider this quantum gravity research by far more important and cheaper than the CERN experiments which got us the mass of the Higgs boson. So far only Podkletnov, Tajmar and de Matos worked on this. Goff and Siegel 2004 on FTL "Faster Than Light": “Current warp drive investigations [Goldin and Svetlicny, 1994] apply general relativity to try to produce spacetime curvature that propagates at superlight speeds. Special relativity is preserved inside the warp field, but the contents are perceived to move at FTL speeds from the external frames. Such a classical warp drive cannot avoid the temporal paradox (i.e, time travel). If quantum systems are the only system that permits backward-in-time causality without temporal paradox, then any rational warp drive will need to be based on quantum principles. This means that until we have a workable theory of quantum gravity; research into warp drives based on General Relativity is probably doomed to failure.” Indeed. I'm a H1-B visa holder, with exceptional wages, and my wife is not allowed to work here. Ok, so she finished her Ph.D in the 3 years here. But with all this new visa drama going on, no updates in the visa extension process so far, and the broken promise that spouses will be able to work, I just told my company that I'll have to go back to Germany and work remote from there. Plan B. But the benefit is that I will be able to live in a democratic country again, with a much better standard of living. It's only 7 hours and I worked remote for a couple of US companies before. If companies need those foreigners why should the government on behalf of the unions intervene? Do they know better than the companies which is good for them? "Privacy Badger" is the only option nowadays. No whitelisting, and no corrupt companies behind, doing the whitelisting. Call me unconvinced. It follows entirely the flawed US gov interpretation of "collection", which means collect everything, and only call it "collect" when if you search through it. How should this convince the global business that using US IT, telecom and cloud services is trustworthy and legally safe? There are still massive holes in a number of public laws and who knows in how many secret laws and interpretations, not talking about illegal practices. Without a 2nd Church Committee nothing will change.