That's simple. If you want to hire a $150k developer, you offer $150k. If you want to hire a $60k developer, you offer $60k. You then interview people untill you find somebody with the potential that you are looking for. For the employer, it doesn't change much. They just lose some negotiating power. Now, from the employee point of view, all the trashy jobs are correctly marked, what will save a lot of his time. Also, he gets a small bonus in negotiation power. If you are a great developer (say, you are better than 99% of them), just marking what jobs are not fit for you will reduce the time spent on getting a job by orders of magnitude. That's the difference between the job board being useless to being usefull. As a consequence, one can hope (not a certain thing) that great developers will flock into a system like this, so that would become the place to go to get great developers, and as a consequence all the great jobs go there. Launching and quitting your job don't have to happen at the same time. Most companies choose a stack and keep it. Developers don't even get a say. Everything is huge in China. That doesn't mean that most chineese can order something online and receive it at their door. (I don't know if they can. But your comment is a non-sequitour.) What? Do B&N tel you that you can't backup their ebooks on their marketing material? I dunno. Testing their ideas by the cheapest possible procedure seems like something that every startup should. Maybe there are exceptions, but that's not obvious at all. It's ok that sometimes the cheapest possible option is still quite expensive. That isn't reason to use anything more expensive. It is also true that not all startups that do it will succeed, and that not all startups that don't do it will fail. But it looks like the kind of thing that will increase the chances of any startup, not just a subset of them. Makes one wonder how the entire Lean Movement first appeared at manufacturing... Yep, the advices on the Lean Startup gides is quite directed at software, but it is an specialization of a more general idea. You teach lean thinking to his boss. (And make no complains, just teach it.) Infix notation is compact. That makes it better for parsing by humans with limited short term memory. If you put it inside your brain, and it assumes the tasks of each neuron when it dies, what's the difference? Also, can you cross the same river twice? I still disagree. Since inception patent law is heavily lobbied (except that in some cases lobby didn't have a name yet), and legislators refuse to fix its very visible flaws. About the same patter repeated on every country. The entire buleting stands for: "We take these risks very seriously. We analised it, and concluded that we shouldn't take this risk seriously." It's crowdsourced, so you shouldn't comply about the site, but its audience. Anyway, I agree that if my C# code compiles, it does probably work. Just like Java, C# makes it hard to shoot yourself on the foot (and also to shoot at all, like somebody already said here). On RSA, knowing ay of the factors used is enough to break the key. Thus, you brute force 256 bits RSA with the same number of tries that you brute force 128 bits AES. Or, in other words, when you create a 256 bits RSA key, it's guaranteed that one of the factors will have at most 128 bits. Thus, it's only as strong as a 128 bits AES against brute force. But anyway, that's a moot point, because criptoanalysis exists, and there are better than brute force attacks against both algorithms. Probably the enitire community of security researchers did review OpenSSL, gnutls or GPG, maybe only once, but they did. (Didn't you?) Anyway, pulic development was the anwer that I'd give here. Keep in mind that even the researchers often make mistakes when they implement the algorithms, and the main reason that their implementation is better than the GP's or mine is not because they know more (altough they do know more), but because there are knowledgeable people doing QA on it. Anyway, you are idiot only if you use your own imlementation for anything serious. There is no problem in rolling your own crypto if you only do it for fun. I don't realy like rocking a boat... but quantum cryptography can't realy be used in practice. Or, better, any practical implementation of quantum cryptography is succeptible to attacks. And the entire thing still needs an authentication method, guess what we use for authentication nowadays. That comes from the second law of thermodynamics. Setting a bit on the computer reduces its entropy, so it must dissipate enough heat to increase the entropy of the Universe by at least the same amount. Notice that this only applies to setting it into a known value. In theory there are some operations that we can do without dissipating any heat. As I said, that's by the second law of thermodynamics... There is a nice tought" rel="nofollow">http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Maxwell%27s_demon>tought experiment linking thermodynamics to information theory. And guess what, experiments agree with the theory. After you have the theoretical framewok done, it is just a matter of applying the Boltzmans" rel="nofollow">http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Boltzmann%27s_entropy_formula&#... entropy formula , and you are done. As much as I hate the current US patents situation, the USPTO can't do much about it. Bad patents can get submited as many times as the holder wants, but the USPTO can only mistake a bad patent for a good one once, and it's granted. I've just tried it. That code compiles without warnings by the default configuration of gcc version 4.4.5 (Debian 4.4.5-8) in my desktop (it's an up-to-date Debian Stable install). If the default settings of gcc included throuwing out warnings for every time a function is declared without parameters and missing the void, lots of people would complain, and loud. It's a very common construct. 26,000mAh Please, those letters have meaning. You can't just replace them at will. Yes, and the most common way of achieving that is by showing me ads, not by selling my photos. Now, why should I have assumed the latter, and not the former? Hell, I don't have an Instagram acount anyway... They are equivalent. None of them is weaker. And, by the way, your PC (Von Neuman architecture) is an example of finite automatum. I've seen the FA formalism used in computing theory a few times. Yet, I'm also missing whatever enlightment the author is looking for. But, if for no other reason, it's worth learning just because it's a very nice tool. Microkernels could use some hardware optimizations... And most of those optimizations are good for virtual machines too, so they'll get done. In due time, message passing kernels will get so much faster than interruption based ones that we'll ask ourselves why we used monolitical kernels all this time. (And somebody will have to explain that microkernels used to be slow, and this person will be met with skepticism.) That said, the computers we had at the 80's and 90's were completely unfit for microkernels. Mach was about the best you could have by then. (But all that discussion about microkernels is an irrelevant sideline. Linux got adopted because it was there, if it weren't we'd probably use some version of BSD instead.) But those are worse than UNIX, not better. "By the time employees think about taking a job elsewhere, it's often already too late." Is that really true? Well, not for me. Every time I changed jobs, it was because of the money. The only time I worked in a bad environment, my boss was let go before I quit. All those times, if I could receive a bigger salary without changing jobs, I'd probably stay there. The elephant in the room is always how well the Linux driver for the GPU works (if it exists). Or, to put it in another light. As a non-victim, it's easy to conclude that just about 1% of the people have some random bad behaviour. As one of the 0,5% that are victims, it's quite obvious that there are 2 jerks for each one of your kind, and they have nothing better to do. > Why do we always want to declare a winner? You are right. But I came to that page after reading about a faster and smaller JSON at HN, thus I was expecting to find a faster and smaller JSON. It's just another case of bad marketing hurting a brand. > The thing I noticed about NoSQL is that, at least with Mongo, you just end up putting your schema in your app. And, in my point of view, that is the main advange of NoSQL. You can distribute all the schema related functionality while keeping the data centralized in a server. Of course, you'll only want to do that when the performance requirements are hight enough that the centralized schema becomes a botleneck... What of course isn't a problem when you are prototyping and have no user yet. Or, in other words, the article is right on the mark. There aren't enough competent programers to automatize the entire world. Of course, if I was hiring for an IT company, I'd look for the best... But most of the world will have to content themselves with poor programers. Anyway, poor programers work their best (less worst) in strong typed environments. That includes a very restricted schema on the database. It's much better having them write queries that nobody could read than having them insert data that nobody could read. Typed languages add a ton of boiterplate to what would be simple operations. That slows you down, more than most people notice. Now, that said, explicity typing makes it easier to catch a lot of mistakes, and helps you keeping you data consistent. It's very usefull... But slows you down. As a conclusion, you want to explicitly type anything that is important, but also wants to keep the explictly typed data to a minimum. (What makes optional typing, like in Haskel very interesting.) And, in nearly all the applications all the important data (and very little unimportant data) goes to the DB. > But I'm not convinced that it's easier to use a stylus than a finger to tap buttons. I have an stylus based ereader. It is great to get some document and make notes all over it. For example, it is great to put a circuit diagram in it, and then redraw lines, add parts, draw arrows, etc. It feels like paper, except that it's slower and easier to erase. You don't get that with a keyboard. Seems that Brazil was not shaped by "war", but by "military". I'd say it's right on the mark. What, I just created an account in Ad-Sense, and got a thread of emails explaining to me how can I use it, with a dicount coupon. After I failed to use it, I got another thread of emails, each time more personal, with hints and phone numbers I could call to get a personalized campaign, and an increase in the coupons discount. Now, about each 6 monts I get physical mail from Google with phones and coupons, each time with a more elaborated impression (they tought about nice paper, credit-like cards, nice envelopes). All this time I've given Google no money at all. > shouldn't be very hard Somebody already published one in SourceForge. I realy doubt MS can't do that. But then, MS's strategy is to risk their PC dominance to make inroads at portables. Such a patch would antagonize their (failing) marketing efforts. My parents could use their new Win8 computer quite well. But then, after seeing lots of tutorials, trying things for a long time and exploring all the new interface, they asked "Can't you really put a start menu on that thing?" It's not the end of the world. But it's not a good interface either. Thanks a lot. I've just got one Arduino, and was wondering where to start :) Well, unless the project manager is a "professional" as in the article, yes, it would solve the problem. Congratulations, if you have statistical relevance on those numbers, you've just clustered your clients into too different populations. Now, you just need to discover why one of the populations had better results than the other, and act acordingly. Don't forget to do actual A/B tests to verify your hypotesis. Not dangerous, but completely useless. Self signed certificates are only usefull if you communicate them by another medium. And even then, browsers make it quite hard to manually add certificates. That may be because they are big. (YC may not be big in terms of money invested, but they are in terms of number of startups.) It may also be because they somehow help those startups succeed. Thus, they don't pick winners, they make winners. Another possibility is that successful startup founders self select themselver into those founds. Django was recently ported, but South wasn't, and then there are the CMS packages - Mezzanine didn't even start, and I don't see how one can even discover the Django-CMS status. When you get to the top, every way is down. Currently (well, before the portables took over) everybody has a Windows machine, and buys Ofice for it. Once people change to non-Windows machines, they don't get more numerous , thus, if MS drops the price to stay competitive, revenue will go down. Yes, they do, they also get richer. But changes in population and economy aren't quick enough to compensate for an order of magnitude drop in price. At least not at the short term. > How do you show that something is not caused by a hidden Z? By doing a controled study. Of course, in this case, we're better not knowing than paying that kind of cost. > If we go on that, then you'd have to find another event that occurred at similar rates in similar geographic areas. There are lots of events that correlate with income (thus, with the geographical distribution). And lots of them correlate with the fall or raise of crime in the article. Getting an event that correlate with both raise and fall of crime, like lead intoxication does, will be harder. But I doubt it's impossible. The thing is, we have a causal nexus, we have the correlation, but we have no idea how strong the nexus actualy is, so we can't conclude the correlation is caused by the nexus. And we won't discover, because we won't conduct the kind of experiments needed for it. Depends on how good that other person is, doesn't it? Is that required by some local law? Or was that insurance needed for your clients to trust your product? > Humans do not get offended when their car doesn't start because it's out of gas and doesn't offer an apology. > Humans do not get offended when they click to a cable channel that they aren't subscribed for and an expression of sympathy isn't displayed. > Humans do not get offended when the hold a hammer by the "business end" and try to drive a nail in with the handle, and an "I'm sowwy!" flag doesn't pop out of it. Well, I think you should reevalutate that info. Except for the second case, if people know they shouldn't get the show, people do in fact get offended by those innanimate objects. To the point of yelling to them. Sounding like a human will add more value than removing every word you can. Unless, of course your target audience isn't human or doesn't like to read human generated text (a trait that everyone seems to aquire while in front of a UNIX system). Sounding like a human will make people read more of your message than simply making it brief, and understand it better. Also, it will make people like it more. But that doesn't means that you should apologize. You must give all your messages the same personality, and some kinds of personality just don't apologize... Before I proclaim that I'd love this I only have one question. How much will it cost? Not a very good tought when you can only fail once. For some reason, I never could do the exercises of programming books. When I started them, in the end I had a completely different program that solved something that affects me. I also could never read a programming book from the start to the end. When I used the language a lot and used the book as reference, I read all the pages somewhen in a several months interval, and in some random order. When I didn't use the language a lot, I just didn't finish the book. Nowadays the best reference is online, so while books are still good for giving me a start, there is a long time that I don't finish one. If you never learned it, how do you know if a language is good for solving a problem? I often choose a random language for solving a small problem, so that I can learn it. It's often not the best language for the problem, but it shows what the language is good for. For me a monolithic resource is great for getting started in a language, but most books are too deep, so I normaly don't finish them. It changes the aerodynamics properties, that are what protect us from most impacts. Sounds like a very common issue with human learning too. My bank requires Java. For safety. > Is there a built-in certificate on Nokia phones that accept the proxy server certificate (which must be a wildcard for everything)? Excatly. Many DBMS have a SELECT FOR UPDATE statement just for those cases you want to lock everybody out while just reading. The main repository is for free software, the non-free repository is for non free software, and the contrib repository is for free softwre that you must agree to some non-free license to actualy use (because they depend on non-free software, they are just installers, or for any other reason). Those are not different tiers of software stability. Debian has the unstable, testing and stable distros, that move on different speeds and are subject to different amounts of testing. You'll need more than pretty graphics to convince people to try yet another sodoku app. Yes, those pretty graphics are important, and people getting their first sodoku game on the phone may switch to your game because of them. But almost everybody that likes sodoku already has one installed, and they still have to find you at their search results. I know some three of four people like that. It's ok to just use transactions all the time when you don't need performance, but those transactions come with a cost, and normaly most queries of a system won't need them. Check out Python. You'll regret spending time with C#. "serious games" I get a smile in my face every time I see those two words toghether. Funny thing that the author gets a Transformer, and then claims that tablets may have a chance now that MS "invented" the hybrid PC. I've recently brought a Transformer for upgrading my 2008 laptop. The main differences are: - The tablet needs rooting, I could find no good development enviroment for Andoid, but Debian runs well as a userspace system. (Asus distributes the rooting software, I wouldn't even buy it otherwise.) - The tablet has less USB ports (but has more I/O options). It still wasn't a problem, but I've already needed more than the laptop had. - The tablet's keyboard is smaller, but better designed. Up to now, I'd say they are equivalently hard to use. - The tablet has a slightly slower processor, but enough battery for an entire day with keyboard, or an entire working day without keyboard (the laptop lasted for 3 hours), and weights about 10% of the laptop's weight. Also, it's smaller (10" vs. 14") what is both good and bad. - Touchscreens are simply great. It's still worse than a proper desktop, but it is much more convenient than plugging a mouse at a laptop. - Also, you can unplug the keyboard when you just want to browse the web or read something, getting a much more convenient format and just half the weight. A (clueless about he web) designer creates a bealtiful page design with gorgeous picture and plenty of different fonts. Then, a manager (clueless about the web) likes it and aproves the site, and it falls on a developer's desk to actualy create such a site. Take a second look at the Forbes site, and think about how you would create that design. I can think of two ways, one of them requires some insight, and the other one requires reimplementing every functionality of the browser (or living them out). That's because kernels perform differently from user software (they have more optimizations available), and a lot of big code needs that extra performance. That's a fact that still didn't change, but user level code is getting more powerful (mainly for virtual machines), and computers are still getting faster. So, it's still too early to declare the race finished. Anyway, none of that has any relevance to how one should organize user level code. It controls for etnic variables, by using trends instead of comparing raw numbers and some more advanced techniques. It can not control for family because it was population-wide, not person-wide (and yes, that is a flaw that the authors acknoledge). > What is that supposed to mean? It means that, when you read a study, also read the name of the entity financing it. > Is there not an analogous C++ library to take care of ugly details? No. In general, there isn't an analogous library at the more static-explicit languages (it doesn't matter much what library you choose). There are libs that people use when they have similar requisites, but they rarely are analogous. There is just one action on the post that will have dire consequences if ignored: disabling the ssh password authentication. The rest are decisions that you don't need to rush into, and things you should learn when they make sense. Be advised that "the proper way to configure a server" is an elusive beast, you'll be always improving it, it's never done. > root login should be disabled completely Would you care to explain why? And, yet, the best practice seems to require an user account with full sudo priviledges. If you know the difference between that and root, please explain it, because I can't see any. If you don't have time to test, you have yet another reason to not automate updates. It's better to run them only when you are around and have some time to fix whatever goes wrong. > It is almost certainly being used for phishing attacks now. And the solution is to teach users about phishing. That's the only sane route, it's what everybody is doing and, by the way, and it mostly works (despite some ISPs, governments and banks trying hard to teach people that they must click on every unreliable warning). > An attacker might give the user the idea that a message was digitally signed by using HTML mail. That's a bug in your reader. Funny thing is that Debian is already at Google Play. The problem of sudo is that it's so easy to make a mistake in your command (and in sudoers). That's a security flaw in itself. Also, you can always sudo bash, or sudo su. You have a point about that extra password. But not about SELinux and RBAC being created because of that, nor in comparing the security of a system with root to one where eveybody is root. All said, I'm still unconvinced. The logging isn't that usefull (I've tried it), and the extra password isn't relevant enough. Also, none of them will detain a malicious user (Linux has very week defenses against you grabing your own password). No. We should either get our heads down and code or get our feet dirty and go find some customers. As a side note, we shouldn't be reading Hacker News either. Much less commenting. Well, you'll hate it, but even after you discover what is the class of your object, you'll still have no idea what methods it implements, and what attributes it has. In Python any of that can (and do) change. Sometimes that is frustating. I suffered a lot until I understood the Django's forms API. But this feature is worth the cost. He wants to test text editors, not programming environments or IDEs. He makes that quite explicit. By the way, I'm an emacs fan. You need a certain mindset to start using a newer technology, and that mindset won't make you prone to write enterprizy code. Or, in other words, the place that makes that kind of architecture won't allow the developers to touch anything that's not Java or .Net. I'd say that if nobody thinks that the idea will fail, it probably will. If it's so obviously good, why didn't anybody succeed with it yet? That said, you should tell them. You should also tell them that they can change their idea any time they want, and that they don't need a great idea, a good one with great implementation is enough. Let me see... Ca-ching sound vs. boring rationality... How can rationality work if nobody can know how those weard hackers think? Ca-ching for the world! (Yeah, in case you are wondering, I know what is wrong with that, you don't need to point out.) Anyway, the most likely explanation is that Legal is following their procedures, and as usual for procedures, there can be no exception (or rationality). Count me as another vote for exporting the data. I wouldn't hire your hosting, but I'd take a look at it if it was an independent tool. Anyway, I'm signing for updates because I know people that would be interested on your current offering. > Snapshots are stupid in the case of a content addressable, immutable data store. Well, the KDE incident proves otherwise. Other benefits are that it will get confused with the usual radius symbol (because it's exactly the same), and may be used to name an angle. For replacing ssh they need a priviledge escalation anyway, and after such escalation SELinux makes no difference. Unless, of course, you run apache as root. Bu then, SELinux won't protect you either. > (ie: if I borrow 100 BTC from you today, I only will have to repay you 75 BTC two months from now Interest is almost* always non-negative. I'll only lend you those 100 BTC if you pay me something more than I'll have if I didn't lend them. That makes a BTC based economy more prone to hoarding, and less prone to investing (what is clearly a bad thing), and also more prone to hoarding and less prone to spending (what economists think is a bad thing - I have no idea why). * The exceptions to this rule are not systemic, normaly appearing in times of disruption. You can't base an economy on them. You can easily build an in 1:2e9 scale replica of the Solar System. You'll just need a 90cm sphere to use as the Sun, some 4-5 km of area do arrange things and a paquimeter for measuring the planets. At this scale, everything is just about as big/small as one can manipulate. Bu you won't be able to place the Voyager in there. For that you'll need a car and a road trip. I just can't use them. I activate the number-pad every time I play. That said, I'm more of an emacs guy. The message is exaclty that. If they actualy can or can not read the messages is left as an excercize to the reader. What I can say with certainty is that the communications are not as secure as the article make them look like. Apple can still get you, and they can still get Apple... You did lose the point here: > 6. CLR Integration allows you to write a lot of things in C# (or VB.NET) [2] You can also use a Mono plugin at Postgres, just like Perl, Python, C, C++, Lisp, Haskel, R-Cran... But it's not that, #6 was about the core functionality of the DBMS changing. For example, you can add new index types at Postgres with plugins, and people do add them. Once somebody wrote a plugin for manipulating SQL queries at what was at the time an object oritented database called Postgres. That's how deep you can go. > 10. Unicode is there by default if you use nchar/nvarchar/ntext columns, there's no problems unless you choose to use char/varchar/text instead Yeah, Unicode is used by default if you tell the DBMS to use Unicode... Thus, it's not the default. I'd agree that this is not a big problem. That's my main argument for using Postgres: 1 - At the start of your project's life, you'll want it because it's free as in beer. Except for ease of developping (where Postgres is also great), nothing else matter. 2 - Later, when you need some performance, even if you have a usage patter where Postgres is slower, you'll discover that the price of any of the other DBMS is highter than just adding hardware. Thus, free as in beer wins again. 3 - If you get huge, you'll discover that free software is a big deal, and the limitations of the proprietary DBMS add a huge amount of drag. Free as in speech wins now. That still depends. It'll depend on the size of query X number of queries, type of data, coverage of your indexes (what depend on your actual data), and a ton of other factors. I'm not even sure there is somebody out there capable of correctly measuring this. You may need to go with a fast biased study anyway. Also, why are you assuming Postgres is slower? Economies get in a liquidity trap must faster than division becomes a problem. The difference is so marcant that almost nobody even talked about divisibility before the bit coin people. Anyway, I'm not sure the expression "liquidity trap" means anything when talking about bitcoins. Well, the phones and tablets get less underpowered and restrictive each day. Current phones are way more powerfull than PCs were when Napster was launched. They could easily run something like it today. As they are also powerfull enough to decide what to do with meta tags (or the more modern semantic ones) and to keep several dictionaries of data in place. They just don't do that for marketing reasons. I also think that things CAN change, but I doubt that change is that inevitable as you say. If you think Randal calculated the entropy wrong, state so, and show the error. Your argument from incredulity won't add anything to the discussion. Yes, he could. But he didn't. If he did that, the page would tell you that your password is wrong, and you'd contact support. The attacker probably didn't change any password, because it would be futile. Also, the attaker could also change the account email. Neither tokens nor email confirmation would help. The biggest problem is for people that used the same password on Linode and any other important service. (And, of course, all the CC stuff...) Quantum mechanics certaninly leads to a very informatic view of the Universe... The problem is that this is human bias. You can describe any theory by information manipulation, and it is as good a description as any other.