I liked AbiWord. It was very lean and GTK+ friendly. But I always had little gotchas with the formatting and problems with ODF occurring between word processors that didn't occur as often when originating from LibreOffice. It had the clean/snappy interface that LibreOffice should have had, but definitely not the document feature support it needed. These days, I'm not sure why anyone would bother trying to revive AbiWord. Not that I don't have my fair share of software engineering projects that are specific to my interests, but I personally wouldn't go back to using it or LibreOffice. If I really need a full-blown word processor, Google Docs does everything I need, and their Chrome app works for offline use. Most of the time, I can get away with writing stuff in Markdown. Then again, I'm a developer so that appeals to me. Microsoft Word online also works well cross-platform. With either one, you may not get the best multi-format support, but they're both very dependable IMO. I couldn't depend on AbiWord most of the time unless I knew the same doc would be opened in another AbiWord instance. Web-based technology really is, I think, the best way forward in cross-platform development for things like word processing which are not CPU intensive. People can and should use whatever tools they want to get the job done but, if I was to start a new Linux/CP word processor today, I'd be using Node.js with Babel and make it "Web Native". For some things you'll want C++ but, for me, not this. But best of luck to them for sure. It's been hours and nobody has showed up to call this an atrocity? The JS world really is improving. Anyone else remember Widget Workshop? https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Widget_Workshop I loved this game as a kid and, while it's not really a programming language of sorts, it's great for getting you to think in a programmer's mindset. Logo bored the crap out of me, but I could make neat things with it. I feel like it was completely forgotten but something like it could have a real educational use today. Can anyone explain why everyone should vote? YES!!!!!!!!!!!!!! Life is full of trade-offs, and sometimes the choices you make don't work out. The author sounds pissed off because they took a risk that didn't work out, so he's telling everyone that it's objectively "bullshit" to make himself feel better about his lack of success like it's someone else's fault. The fact is that both the haves and the have-nots take these kind of risks all the time, and few succeed. But some do and many still consider the chances worth the risk, despite their failure. It really doesn't have that much to do with privilege, so much as creating a mental fixture from a statement like "follow your passion" and ignoring the fact that all statements are subject to exceptions. Basically, the post reeks of bitter naive white guy problems, and I want my 3 minutes back. The fact that I am even here is evidence that I quit my previous career to pursue a passion. I also don't assume that the same decision would work for everyone. But I'd hardly call it "bullshit". I couldn't agree more. Social media is not directly subject to the first amendment. However, there is a legitimate problem if entities that monopolize a communication channel apply subjective censorship; it's a threat to the first amendment, an American principle, if the mass can't actually carry out free speech. It can be argued that online speech has now been monopolized by a few entities; while I don't think that's entirely true, there's a nugget of truth in there. If Facebook, which now wants to be more of a media company than just a place for cat pictures, controls an obscenely large portion of online communication, that means they(a small number of people in reality) can have far too much influence in political discussion, freedom of expression, etc. While the side of me that's liberatarian says that people can simply not use Facebook if they don't like it, saying that alone is not going to stop the mass in the center of the bell curve from subjecting themselves to censorship, which indirectly subjects myself and others to that same censorship. What can make this worse is the continuing implosion of Twitter. If we want people to have some retain modicum of responsibility(i.e. just unfriend/unfollow/block), censorship that oversteps reasonable boundaries needs to be challenged, and our government can do that if they impose on free speech.(whether or not that actually happens, idk) Well, privacy in the sense that they don't want their mommies and daddies see what they post. Basically, yeah. "For women, the prevalence of overall obesity and of class 3 obesity showed significant linear trends for increase between 2005 and 2014; there were no significant trends for men." The problem what that page is that it doesn't include answers that are antithetical to Mozilla's values. Add "I want a safe space on the internet" as a response, and I imagine you'll get far more people clicking that than anyone who wants freedom, privacy, learning, etc. Neat! Funny how people who prefer Photoshop always have to show up and take a dump on GIMP just because it doesn't meet their expectations. I don't particularly like Photoshop and haven't used it in nearly a decade, but that doesn't necessarily mean that I think it's bad software.(though I'm not a fan of Adobe's practices) If GIMP is ever going to support the desires of professional designers, it's going to have to be developed by designers. Maybe I'm wrong, but I am willing to bet that the people who actively use and develop GIMP are people with programming experience who are doing some digital imaging on the side that doesn't require things like CMYK or high bit depth. GEGL and GIMP have been in development for a long time now, but have advanced in areas that the user base cares about, but not necessarily in areas that professionals care about. Simple as that. If you really hate Photoshop, learn Scheme and contribute to GIMP and GEGL. I do want to comment on the non-destructive editing feature; I feel like that's also a serious designer convenience, but it's never been something that I have personally desired. In fact, I wouldn't really want it, I think. In other software packages that have similar non-destructive capabilities, like Maya, the "history" of an object becomes more and more cumbersome over time. Maybe this doesn't happen in Photoshop, IDK. To be honest, I'm perfectly fine duplicating layers are "backups" before deciding on the right look. Japanese food is way overpriced nowadays, and hardly "japanese". You have to pay a ridiculous amount for actual Japanese food; anything mid-priced or below is covered in fried breading, mayonnaise, and even jalapenos. I'm not against "fusion" cuisine, but it sucks when there's so much of that it makes it difficult to get the real thing. Chinese food in America much cheaper because the ingredients are much less costly and far less difficult to make. I don't think the value of Chinese food really has to do much with the Western perception of the Chinese economy or its people. That "Chinese" food is, in America, is designed to be tasty and relatively inexpensive. Authentic Chinese food isn't as appealing or palatable to most Americans. It's definitely even worse for games, as copyright law and the nature of the industry can mean that a game might not be legally obtained again for over a century. Nintendo, for example, goes out of its way to punish people for distributing games that they no longer publish or license, even despite their abandonware status. How often do you find that a person with a low body-fat ratio with negative effects caused by bad posture? The people who I've seen with obvious problems caused by poor posture, like a hump or sore back or joints, are usually moderately to highly overweight. Kind of like how women with large breasts can have problems with soreness or neck humps. I suspect that it's not so much about good posture as it is about having a variety of postures throughout the day and not having bodyweight stressing one's joints. Granted, I have no scientific evidence for this. It's just from my own observations(and my own experience of being a former fat guy). I don't buy it. Choose any one of the weights and select only web; it'll put either Python or Java at #1 and PHP and JavaScript way below. That just doesn't seem realistic... > This kind of thing makes me wish I had done better in high school and could have studied at a school of Stanford's caliber. Yes. Yes, indeed. Boy, my life could have taken a completely different course had I been able to make more decisions once my brain became more fully-developed. The only Google services I use are its search and YouTube. I moved away from Gmail, though I have throwaway Gmail accounts. Email: Private server and domain Chat: Facebook because few people seem to use anything else, let alone answer their phones or emails. I otherwise hate it. Photos: Keeping photos is overrated. I keep the few photos I take on a network drive at home and rarely share anything with anyone. If it burns in a fire, I wouldn't care very much. Yet still not worth being in the hands of some company. Drive: See above. If I need to share something, it's either through Email or Box. Search: Still mostly Google, but increasingly Bing as I feel like I get better results(I suspect that Google is underhandedly trying to make the web more "friendly"). Just type in some mean or evil phrase into both search engines. Docs: I rarely have to write docs or spreadsheets. Google's online spreadsheet is pretty good, but for a "document", I end up writing stuff in Markdown using Dillinger.io. Music: Most of the music and content I enjoy is free on YouTube. Eventually, I'd like to leave Google all together. Changing search engines is easy, but YouTube and Maps are near impossible to beat at this point. I don't think this is a problem that generalized ad blockers should be attempting to solve, as it's a completely different breed of advertisement. Maybe there could be a separate project for tackling disguised ads on big sites, but otherwise trying to solve a very nuanced problem using a broad approach is going to be an endless headache and perhaps futile. I have no reservations about blocking disguised ads. Advertisers have abused their position for far too long, and it's pretty clear that disguised ads are only going to make the web more of a mess of infotainment or advertainment. I ended up writing my own Chrome extension to remove Facebook's suggested posts, as it actually isn't that complicated if you simply crawl the DOM on element inserts. There's probably a performance hit, but not enough for me to really notice. https://chrome.google.com/webstore/detail/suggest-me-not/cel... Their problem is they'd have to contradict their own UI despite doing things like that. Let's say that they removed the "Suggested Post" indicator from their ads entirely, and the ads essentially appear identical to something you are already following; unless you had followed the page before, it should display a Like button like any other post and it would not say something like "You liked/followed this page" at the top of the post in the feed, so it would be a safe assumption to clear out anything that wasn't specifically liked by you or a friend. But, if they were to not display a Like button or elements telling you whether or not you have followed the post before, that's yet another indication that it's not a genuine post. I wouldn't mind never seeing anything that's "suggested" and would rather find content through friends(you know, that whole social networking thing). I don't see how they can ever get around ad blocking in the long term without making their site unpleasant to use. I think what you said is very true, and I see it reflected in my own life. Though I think it also has to do with male nature. Historically, it has made sense for men to be less likely to form attachments in healthy circumstances, and I think evolutionary biology probably hs a role here. Men can form intense bonds with each other when they are comrades or fellow soldiers, but to irrationally attach oneself to other men is not an advantage to a man when the going gets tough and he has to find a new position in life that doesn't involve his old platoon; from a reproductive perspective, hanging out with the same men indefinitely isn't as likely to get him to fertilize some eggs as forming an emotional bond with a woman or women. For women, it seems more beneficial to form lasting bonds with other women as they can provide a support structure that can help raise children and consolidate effort doing menial tasks while men are off doing other things. A man, in times of yore, could make his own way even if he lacked a support structure. For women, vulnerability and lack of strength, made it much more difficult for them to simply go off at will on their own and form their own families and slay their own dragons. Nowadays, that's not so much the case in the west, but I think these innate behaviors we developed as a result of our physiology usually remain, aside from some conditioning (i.e. nurture). The lack of a physical community can amplify those behaviors. On the other side of the coin, I think many men are forming friendships and communities, not in the real world, but online where people can form bonds with those who have common interests as opposed to those jerks on happen to live on your street who don't drink your brand of beer or root for the same football team. Our Burger King culture of "have it your way" makes forming communities with people who only share very general traits with one, like the kind of genitals you have, make little or no sense. Lack of common experience also makes it hard for people to really care about spending a moment with one another. Meanwhile, the Web has a segment for every belief, activity, or way of life, and people who one can relate to on an asynchronous basis with little social risk. I had online buddies for years, but it was easy because they never saw my face and I was never obligated to take time out of my day to go to lunch with them or attend a boring get together with their family. I've had the same conclusion for a while. I'm not a social media junkie, but I use Facebook often enough that they should know a lot about me but their ads and their algorithmic content show that they have a long way to go in getting a computer to actually understand my behavior and interests. Funny how they answered a question about paragraph tags that I was wondering yesterday. Most answers to the "p vs br" question seem to be "do whatever you want", but the recommendation in the article seems most correct to me, since p tags are for the parser(in case it needs to know what the paragraphs of the body content are) while breaks are presentational. I'm going to call BS on nearly everything said here about for profit schools. While I don't particularly care if ITT can't accept people relying on federal loans, I do believe that people aren't being duped by crappy schools so much as they are falling for them. Sure, the commercials have been everywhere for years, but it's really not hard for even the dumbest of dumb to type "ITT sucks" into Google and find all sorts of legitimate negative reviews. I have been to two trade schools for different careers; I chose them because there was almost nothing but positive reviews about them on the internet. I suspect that people attending scam schools have poor shenanigan-sensing skills and may subconsciously think that commercials on TV provide some sort of legitimacy. This is why I have no sympathy for the people who attended "Trump University", as at the very least you should go into such a program assuming there's a high chance it will sick and have an escape plan ready. But my generation doesn't seem to do that often and would rather rely on the safety nets provided by their parents and the state. Actually, it is a good thing that they can no longer take students with federal loans because those will be the same students whose ineptitude will fail them and then they will want the government to "forgive" their debt. LOL The Unabomber's manifesto doesn't seem so crazy now, does it? Yes, I hate it when projects do this. Along with senseless forking, trying to solve too many problems(especially ones that are already solved) is one of the worst things that can happen to a piece of software. I understand the rationale behind such a decision, thought personally I would rather install languages and tools through other means so I can keep up to date rather than be concerned with the remote chance of a stability issue on my OS. Lots of programs have Python as a dependency so it makes sense to have it included by default, but Ruby, Node, and Rust? Just seems like a waste of effort and possibly disk space(if it is preinstalled) when most users are going to install their own packages as part of a tool chain that has nothing to do with supporting components of the operating system. I am usually much happier when my software isn't so coupled with the OS, even though that kind of goes against what seems to be a Linux philosophy. I would be even happier if distros would just stick to supporting low level libraries, kernel modules, and necessary UI components rather than spend a bunch of time creating a complete system. Democracy as a whole is kind of illusory at this point; the world has grown to such a scale and the general public so distracted that they often can't make valid decisions at the polling booth because they are so disconnected from the issues. In the old days, there were only so many things people had to understand before they were given a vote and, while those issues were more impactful on everyday life, they were also less complicated. Today, the real issues have gotten complicated and nuanced, but the average human IQ and curiosity level has not caught up. As a result, we are handed lots of small and barely-relevant decisions to give us that illusion of choice, both for practical reasons and to shut us up. Local elections certainly have more impact on one's life, and really aren't hard to understand, but life is too good for most people to care enough. And, with people more infantilized than ever, the more they want surrogate mommies and daddies to make the tough decisions for them, just as their own parents did for them in childhood. So, when we are handed a piece of paper so we can say who we want to be our surrogate parents, most of us say "meh" and vote for the incumbents because, well, we have our smart phones, TV, Starbucks, and gourmet restaurants, so the current politicians can't be doing that bad, right? Voting for judges is also in conflict with the notion that they are supposed to be impartial. Maybe we should change the system so that judges aren't elected by the public, but they can be ousted by the public. "[...] why am I directly electing judges, magistrates, and prosecutors when it would be significantly better to select representatives to make all these electoral choices for me?" Yes, exactly. It's authoritarian, but I'm not sure that it's nationalist. So I'm not sure fascist is the right term, but you are otherwise correct. haha, yes, I was thinking the same thing. Google has fallen flat on its face every time it has tried to build a social network of any kind. I'm really not sure I even want this. That's exactly why I chose not to work in the Bay Area. Perhaps I have chosen the less challenginger or rewarding path (I don't know), but my first job as a programmer paid me peanuts(40k) and I lived in a pretty nice place with a roommate; a year later I got another job that paid 84k and got to rent a small house, live on my own, and not have to worry about how much I spend. Entry level pay, even in SoCal, can mean decent living. Entry level in the Bay seems to mean constantly struggling to make ends meet while living with several people. Granted, I know people who get a thrill out of that, and that's perfectly fine, but that's just not for me. Living both in San Francisco and the East Bay taught me that. Was fun, but I like not being a workhorse and having excess cash to spend on my various projects. Then again, it sounds like tat guy's spending was way out of line. Like many people, he probably blew his money on expensive toys(and a penis car) to gain a feeling of status. It's too bad that many of us(in general, not on HN) are too lazy to judge a person based on what they actually offer vs a number attributed to them. People who are 50+ are perfectly capable at learning and writing good code, and it really isn't hard to recognize someone with a sharp mind. However, lots of people allow their minds and bodies to rot as they get older. My parents, as much as I love them, are not very employable at this point(at least not when compared to a younger candidate). They don't get much exercise and spend a large chunk of the day sitting in front of the boob tube. They are smart people, but their ability to learn new things has gone way down, and I have noticed they are a little more gullible than they used to be. Meanwhile, I have friends who are in their 50s and they have the energy, motivation, and learning abilities of someone in their 20s. I wonder if this has something to do with the exercise they get, and the lack of TV watching. The calorie defecit from both those things probably slows their aging a tad too. I think if you want to be programming at age 50, you can easily add years, perhaps decades to your youthfulness by taking some basic care of both body and mind. It may seem like an obvious statement, but most people don't actually do this, and it shows in people my age who have the habits of my parents while also drinking heavily and smoking way too much. It's kind of spooky when I see people who were once youthful looking, in their 20s, quickly start to look like they are in their 40s because they don't really take care of themselves beyond basic hygiene. I never meant to imply that it was a concrete rule. Everyone's body is different(more specifically their genes). I've known people who ate nothing but pizza and mac & cheese every day and were skinny as toothpicks. Whether or not they will still be healthy in their golden years is a question I can't really answer. I just know that I can't name anyone I've known personally who did even a moderate amount of physical activity(I'm not talking rock climbing or doing tri-athelons) and ate reasonably healthy that deteriorated despite those things. Though as I have also known people who don't seem to be harmed by a sedentary lifestyle, I've known far more people who are clearly affected by such a lifestyle, both physically and mentally. Granted, I am talking about my personal experience and not a scientific study. Also remember that you are 30 and not 50. I did mention how I've seen people essentially become 40 at age 25-30, but I'm sure there are exceptions. There are also some factors that complicate this: - Junk food is defined differently depending on who you ask. Much of what I eat is "junk food" in the sense that it's mostly red meat, fat, cheese, and some fish, yet I weigh 145 lbs and always check out fine during physical exams. Someone can also eat food that isn't commonly considered healthy, but they may also not eat very much of it. The French are a good example of the latter as the common French diet includes lots of carbohydrates and sugar, yet they don't have nearly the obesity problem of America, and it's suspected that them not eating as much of it is a significant factor. (Americans often value quantity over quality) - As I hinted at a few times, calorie intake is actually a factor in how a person ages. If I remember correctly, a 400 calorie deficit slows aging slightly, and it has something to do with activating a protection of the chromosomes during mitosis, but it's not really understood by researchers as to why this happens. Note : This is highly speculative on my part, so keep that in mind. I do suspect that this plays a part in why some people I know age so poorly, and these same people also consume large amounts of food. Please don't just believe what I say, though. :) - Sugar, which added to nearly everything you buy from the grocery store, has been linked to aging in that it causes oxidation in cells causing damage to proteins. I can't remember how the specific process works, but I think you can look up Advanced Glycation End Products and get a better explanation. - Many people have this idea that consuming fats of any kind is bad. They really need to get this bad science out of their heads, but it's a zombie theory that doesn't want to die. I remember being taught about how bad fat was in the nutrition class I had in high school, and it's pretty bogus as fat is needed by the body in many ways, including brain function and synthesizing hormones. You can get away without it for a long time, but I don't think that it's sustainable, and maintaining a low fat diet probably has long-term consequences on cognitive function. I know I've gotten way off-point here in explaining my hypotheses, but my point really was that $AGE != $ABILITY. Someone who is in their 50s could keep up with a person in their 20s, but might be rejected because their hair is too grey, which is sad. The best thing one can do for themselves, if they want to continue their career into their late adulthood, is live both for now and then; eat good healthy food and exercise now, eat good junk food occasionally, and maybe you'll still be coding and jumping into the mosh pit when you're 55. Everyone's body is different, but certain decisions you make will improve your odds of being in better health later on, and those decisions aren't a losing bet. EDIT: It might sound like I'm advocating for some specific diet, but I am really not. I like the things that Elon Musk has done and tried, but what irritates me are all the sycophants in the media who think he's a genius wizard rather than a smart entrepreneur and don't take some of his claims with a grain of salt. I go back and forth on the whole fluoridation issue. I personally think that a proper diet negates any reason to us fluoride, and ingesting it intuitively seems like a bad idea. Not sure if that's rational. But that's why I buy toothpaste containing Novamin rather than fluoride. (strangely, you can only buy it from overseas and they pulled it off the shelves in the US) He's comparing it to Unity, which makes no sense to me at all. If there was a statement more like comparing apples to oranges, I haven't heard of it yet. @komali2 You're kidding, right? China is a world power, for sure, but even they know that the US would kick their assets in every way. They have potentially more foot-power, but the US could get away without ground troops at this point. The GPS satellites, the ones that the US owns and are used by every other nation, could be easily shut off or locked if China started a conflict. Sure, they might try to launch their own, but that takes a lot of time and money, and wouldn't be too difficult to sabotage. The US has like, what, 11 aircraft carriers? Last I read, China had 1 and it was a hand-me-down from Russia. The US, as of this last year, has laser technology to shoot down missiles, and I don't think even Russia has this yet. China owns part of the US's debt in treasury bonds, which only the US can honor; so if they want their money to start building up to a war, the US could basically say no and there'd be little that China could do about it. China will do what they can to stay a world power, but it doesn't make financial sense for them to compete militarily with the US when they can profit from competing with the US economy. While the Chinese economy has waxed and waned, like anything else, they have done exceptionally well being an economical force rather than a militant one. I think this can be shown in the fact that many quality products are being produced by Chinese companies, which wasn't really happening a decade ago. Now they are at a point where they can take advantage of certain foolish decisions that the US has made that have stalled it's scientific research, like dismantling large portions of the space program and putting heavy regulations on stem cell research, to name a few. I am making a prediction here, but I think far more scientific advancements will be coming from China in the decades to come. And I think that's a very good thing. To be honest, working with Oracle tech would be reason enough for me to quit my job and work elsewhere. We've now witnessed decades of Oracle's business practices and I really wouldn't bother with any of it at this point. Just using their junkware helps them thrive by turning employers into enablers. Hollywood is just getting it's comeuppance, just like cable and taxis, for trying to remain 20+ years in the past. Seems like they should be worried less about a monopoly and more about becoming bloated and obsolete. Cry me a river, Hollywood. You lagged behind in technology and overcharged people on mostly garbage content laced with lots of advertising. Bet you're real pissed that a few newcomers have better digital products, are cheaper, and produce far better content than you do. Here we go again. When you say things like that, a casual reader might think you're implying that there are next to no middle class black people or, worse, that people are intentionally avoiding black people and not typical inner city crime. A neighborhood with no black people? Bollocks. Unless you can demonstrate struck Ural racism, as opposed to just stating it, your entire second paragraph seems specious. *structural If you are using LESS or Sass, it's really not hard at all to only include the parts of Bootstrap that you need. In my experiences, I often need just need maybe half of it and don't bother much with the Javascript stuff. I don't think Bootstrap really has performance or size as a first priority. It's really just a big toolkit, ready to go so you can whip out a functioning app. It's things lIke this that destroy any enthusiasm over Microsoft doing things like bring Bash to Windows. Clearly, nothing has changed in Microsoft's business practices, and we can't let PR like "Microsoft loves Linux" fool us. Baller might as well still be CEO. All disease? I hope they mean specifically pathogens, because there are plenty of diseases that are caused by other things or have unknown causes, and you can throw ten times the net worth of Facebook at them and they probably wouldn't be cured noticeably sooner. If it's just pathogens, I could believe that if we programmed nanoprobes that could target them, making antibiotics/antivirals permanently obsolete. I was about to dismiss them for only supporting PHP, which I remember from using them years ago. Turns out they now support Ruby and Node.js! And they install MariaDB instead of Oracle MySQL. Pretty nice. I'll have to try them out again sometime. The page probably needed to "pop" more, so the designers added a little more zazz to it. Why? Disk space is plentiful and costs peanuts, and is becoming cheaper by the day. What's there to gain from having shared libraries other than that it's psychologically satisfying? Having been a Linux user for 12 years, I feel like it's of very limited benefit and has lots of drawbacks. Is there something I am not understanding? > They have users, which is their only claim to viability, but notably, they have never made a profit. I am SO glad that someone else realizes this. Many journalists, and lots of regular people subsequently, mistake revenue for profit. GIMP is wonderful and I've gotten away without using Photoshop because of it for over 10 years. Sure, I'm not a graphics designer, but GIMP really isn't made for professional graphic designers. I just wish that the plugin community around GIMP didn't slow down so much, and that GEGL would eventually be 100% implemented(meaning actual CMYK, non-destructive filters, etc). I know that GEGL is kinda there, but it's not fully there still after over 6 years. What may give GIMP a huge edge over Photoshop one day is if it can be ported to the browser with Emscripten. I would love to see something similar for Goldeneye/Perfect Dark. I've been slowly but surely working on building a demo FPS engine using very minimalist implementation to learn about game dynamics, and I'd love to hear what sort of technical challenges were faced at Rare and how they developed their(albeit simplistic) enemy AIs with pathfinding. So is your alternative to let kids grow up with full-time criminal parents? I find it hard to believe that children are more likely to become criminals themselves if their parents are behind bars(i.e. not in the picture most of the time). > We too casually jail people without actual convictions and pretend it's OK because they aren't being held as convicts. But the kids are impacted just the same. Is there a better alternative? And are you suggesting that a significant number of people are being held in jail indefinitely without convictions? I find that hard to believe. I'm not saying that it doesn't happen, but I don't know that it's as much of a problem as you seem to be framing it to be. Not sure why I am being downvoted. Is Webster's Dictionary too offensive to some? I think it depends on the interaction. If it behaves more like a toy than a tool, I could see it being kind of embarrassing. Then again, imagine just how annoying it would be to have people walking around in a museum saying "Asteria, tell me about this painting." and then the device blurts out some description from Google without using an inside voice. I rarely have the sort of experiences on SO that some seem to have. From my witnessing the kind of frustration friends have had with SO, and from experiencing my own occasional mistakes, I think some people are just poor at stating an actual question, but can describe their problem in detail, which is fine except often just talking about a problem without conveying the direction one is looking to go towards isn't helpful to others. Some people also just get offended really easily. Perhaps it comes from a past of spending time on very Machiavellian BBSes, but my skin is rather thick and I've only once run into a complete jerk on the Stack Exchange system, though not on Stack Overflow. It's easy to complain about any system, but what do we really have that's better than Stack Exchange? Quora? Yahoo Answers? lol Maybe Experts Exchange, but the userbase hasn't been nearly as large as SE in years. I personally like the fact that SO/SE is so strict because, for all the power of the internet, there is mostly incorrect information on it. I'd much rather some people get dissatisfied with it, and that some of my questions get closed or downvoted easily, than have to wade through a ton of duplicate questions with answers that appear to be written by 12 year olds. The only thing that I wish SO would implement is mandatory explanations for downvotes. Upvotes help a question get attention so there really isn't a big need for an explanation, but a negative score from a few voters early on can prevent a perfectly valid question from ever being taken seriously. This has happened to me on a couple occasions where I knew that the question was valid and the body properly formatted, but someone just didn't like the question for whatever reason. It's a good thing that a bounty can fix this, but I shouldn't have to spend 100+ of my points just because one or two people didn't like that I was asking a question that supposedly every programmer should know and I'm an idiot for asking it. I have no clue what people are talking about when it comes to a "signal to noise" ratio; Stack Exchange is one of the least noisy sites I've ever seen. How were these questions stated? Whenever I have seen this happen, it's because the user was behaving like they were posting on a vBulletin help forum. For example, the title might be "question about rails" and the body might say something like "Uploads don't work. Here's my controller code." There are two problems here. First, no actual question is being asked. There may be an implicit question, but that's not what SO is about as it isn't terribly helpful to those searching for answers. Second, the user may be missing so much fundamental knowledge about the subject that a sufficient answer would require more work than is worth anyone's time, and would contain more information than is in the scope of a single specific question. SO is meant for answers to precise problems, and isn't a tutorial site. Sure, some people may post good answers, but the question may be too nebulous if it exists at all. I really don't see that kind of thing happen often enough to be a big deal, but that's the only sort of case I have seen get the treatment that you describe. As I have said before, I would rather have some of my questions be rejected on some basis than have SO be a complete garbage dump. In contrast to other sites in general, SO/SE is very clean. Yikes, I wouldn't want to stare at those images too long. Very cool stuff, though. Could have an impact on the 3D animation industry. I have a better idea: Let's focus all the money and effort we would spend on getting to Mars and living on its wasteland, and use it to understand the human mind and digitize it into a realm not individually constrained by physics? I actually think that may be a more realistic and practical goal, and our quality of lives could be much better. I mean, what do we really get from living somewhere like Mars? A storage compartment for excess humans? To what end? What will happen to it when we cure aging? The idea of terraforming Mars cracks me up. Maybe when Musk completes his hyperloop will also be when I start taking him more seriously. > We get to experience the Brand New again. So what? Does it improve the human experience more than addressing human biology & cognition? > We get to leave behind a planet whose ecosystem has been screwed by its current population and try to make the right choices on a new one. Unless you can substantiate that claim, I don't necessarily agree. You are also speculating that we would somehow make better choices with a different planet than this one. Not that it's impossible, but I find it hard to believe. Are you saying that it is more practical to terraform a planet that doesn't support life than to address existing environmental issues on Earth? > Because it's hard[...] That's not a very good reason to do anything. It might give people motivation to do things, but "because it's hard" speaks nothing to what we stand to benefit from doing said thing. There are plenty of things that are hard to do, like building a giant pogo stick that can bounce you into outer space, but that doesn't necessarily mean it's worth the time and money to do. That point is not in dispute. What I think would be better than spending the amount of effort and time to get to Mars, which I am unconvinced solves our long term problems in any way, would be to better pool those resources into solving the root issues that afflict humanity like aging, pathogens, degenerative diseases, the need for so much food, the pollution we create, and the resources we consume. Working towards changing the human into something better, whether it be through improving our own hardware(biology) or bringing us into a digital realm(cognition). If we don't do that sooner, we're more likely to continue to suffer from the problems we are inevitably facing and end up, as I said earlier, turning planets into mere storage compartments. We can certainly do multiple things at once, but resources are not infinite, and I don't think all avenues of spending those resources make sense. What makes you think I'm trolling? I like the idea of space travel as much as the next person; I just remain unconvinced that colonizing Mars or even deep space really solves any existential problems for humanity beyond... providing more space. There's nothing radical about not believing that space travel is an answer to anything in and of itself. Apparently there's something deeply wrong for not agreeing with Elon Musk, yet nobody has stepped up to say anything except "troll". Seriously now, what's troll-like about thinking that there's more promise in improving the human being than in colonizing Mars? If anything, diverting resources to improving the human hardware might get us to Mars faster . Granted, I'm not sure I'd want to go there, but something like Mars could become much more like visiting a national park once you don't have to worry about things like oxygen, radiation, extreme temperatures, etc. Sounds like a great way to build a custom render farm. My home comouter has a dirt cheap GPU but it works well enough for basic modeling & animation. Terrible for rendering, though. I've been thinking of using ECS to build a cluster of renderers for Maya that I can spin up when needed and scale to the appropriate size. I don't know for certain if it's cheaper than going with a service, but it sounds like it is(render farm subscriptions cost hundreds), and I would get complete control over the software being used. I am glad to hear that Amazon is doing this. Granted, I'm more of a hobbyist in this arena, so maybe it wouldn't work for someone more serious about creating graphics. The interface is the one thing that has kept me far away from Blender. Maya has many faults but, in the end, it has a UI philosophy that let's you reach escape velocity once you understand it. I have given Blender a chance many times, and every time, its interface makes my head hurt. It has improved, for sure, but still doesn't beat Maya in many ways. This is in now way a wish of poor luck to Blender as a project. Oh wow, I can't believe that Rome is #2! That's one of my all-time favorite shows and I've only ever known 1 other person who has even heard of it. I really do recommend it to anyone who likes historical drama with spare-no-expense sets, costumes and visual effects. Very interesting analysis. If this is accurate, they should get rid of that attitude, pronto, as they have the highest potential of being on the scientific forefront(or at least that of medical science). You took the words right out of my mouth. It has more to do with ego than everything else, and you can tell because most competing tools, in JS anyway, don't have a significant edge over the others and are largely the same tool reimplemented without much of a concrete goal besides "performance" and "scalability ". Like you said, taking an existing tool with a deficiency and rewriting it from scratch without that deficiency. Advances have occurred for sure, but not without some massive failures from not having a good roadmap. Brute force, in other words. The projects that do have more concrete goals and vastly different methodologies in the JS world happen to be low in popularity, relatively speaking. I wonder if the inflated egos in the JS community comes from all the talk of "Node.JS is the future" in recent years. There aren't nearly as many competing projects in the Ruby world, or Python or even PHP. Unless we are fighting commies, I suspect any positive feelings from such PR will end up short-lived. I hope I am wrong, though. Men strive for resources because women used to rely heavily on men for those resources. It's really kind of weird how this ends up being an epiphany for many people, though I find it painfully obvious. Men and women are not difficult to understand if you don't look through the "blank slate" prism. > The same character cannot be used consecutively Doesn't that drastically lower the number of attempts required to exhaustive-search a password from a hash? Especially if people are using passwords as short as 7 characters. Even if not, that's one of the most moronic password rules I have heard. On a side topic, why isn't there a sort of escrow for research groups where they can receive money and return results without knowing who is funding them? Or does such a thing exist? That might be a great way for a person to tell how much credibility a study has, besides the actual methodologies used. This sounds a lot like how many large tech firms operate. I'm not saying that you are wrong, but that it's easy to point out "big" whatevery and forget where our dollar bills come from. Silicon Valley is by no means clean of business practices that include misinformation and "disruptive" anti-competitive practices. Can we really blame Big Soda forever? @praptak Sure, it is. It just wasn't invalidating what was said. The point I was making is that we don't scrutinize many businesses to the same degree as tobacco, for example, and if we do we certainly don't hold it against them for very long. Why treat Coke or Pepsi differently? I guess one could argue because it has a direct effect upon our health. Even then, I wouldn't necessarily conclude that they are trying to influence their own studies or cherry pick data. I would be suspicious of it, though. What you said is something I had in mind. While nefarious corporations might not even bother, I don't doubt that there are plenty of businesses out there who can hypothesize a high likelihood that a study will work in their favor and, therefore, it might be worth facilitating the research in a way to try and limit their influence. Granted, this is assuming a best-case universe where enough people actually care whether a study was done this way or not. Then again, maybe it's one of those things that should be tried to see what happens. As much as I too love Quest bars(the cookie dough one is insanely good), I'm not so sure I agree on the nutrient content: http://files.soylent.com/pdf/bar-nutrition-facts-en.pdf http://www.questnutrition.com/protein-bars/choc-chip-cookie-... Granted, they are trying to do different things; Soylent tastes like crap but has a lot of nutrients(supposedly a "complete" meal), whereas Quest is higher in protein and lower in sugar while tasting terrific. Personally, I would still choose Quest over Soylent because I suspect that the idea that we need a constant intake of a wide variety of nutrients isn't really true. I'm not denying that we definitely need vitamins and minerals, but experience of going months eating very few vegetables(and almost entirely meat and cheese) has caused no noticeable health effects in me besides weight loss. We're made to think that we've got to eat a ton of vegetables and even take supplements, which I think might be more clever marketing than anything else. I was barely awake when just having this problem last night, but SVG sprites(a bunch of icons in 1 s SVG file) have very limited support in CSS. In Chrome, it doesn't even work to specify a sprite symbol ID as a background URL, for example, even though that would be the most straight forward way to use sprites as icons IMO. CSS icons can have the same effect of having the icons being bundled in a single request while actually working. lol Ah, that's a pretty decent workaround. Though I'm not a fan of putting encoding encoded information into style sheets, I'm not exactly against it either. Though the method I wanted to use would work if it weren't for the existing icons symbols inside of sprites, which seems to be only supported in Firefox's CSS. For example: ``` [... a bunch of paths] [...] ``` ``` label:before { background: url('/path/to/my.svg#helloworld') no-repeat; } ``` I could, of course, break the icons out of the symbol tags, as done here: https://css-tricks.com/svg-fragment-identifiers-work/ It's just disappointing that while referencing symbols works just fine with a tag, it doesn't work as a CSS url property value. I'm not sure why that would be. EDIT: Yes, I'm sorry, I know this isn't Stack Overflow. Though I think the above(without symbol tags of course) may be the best alternative to pure-CSS icons if your graphics are more complicated. > Deal with Amazon's new, terrible delivery service. Oh my god, this. I also never seem to get same-day delivery, despite it being "guaranteed". Amazon seems to have a completely different definition of what a guarantee is. I have also had more damaged items from their own delivery than even FedEx, which is pretty sad when you think about it. I wish they would just buy FedEx and turn it around rather than use their existing rag tag delivery service. I wonder how this could be set up to work on error pages; could this keep pages working even if the server returned a a 503? Such a concept would be pretty useful for a media company, like the one I work for, which mostly serves static content. Interestingly, I have no issuse on mobile Chrome. Why can't Facebook filter out whatever they want to filter out? I mean, you wouldn't want to see penises all over your feed, and not everyone necessarily agrees with you about the appearance of breasts(except me, I want more breasts on my Facebook), so I can understand why Facebook would make such a decision without necessarily deeming it as wrong. Nobody has to use Facebook. And their main criterion, "is the internet raising a large enough stink", seems perfectly reasonable to me. But what a weird world we live in that a short-lived incident about womens' breasts ending with an apology from Facebook gets a news story. Then again, it's the BBC, so I shouldn't be surprised. If I were running a business, here are the options as I'd see them: Option A) Spend no money and experience an outage maybe once a year, if that. And the problem works itself out. Option B) Spend money and gain technical debt to avoid a problem that happens maybe once a year, if that. Which one would you pick? I mean, maybe if everything you have is closed-source or you are guaranteeing 99.9% uptime to your customers, perhaps option B makes sense. Otherwise, the choice seems fairly obvious to me. Not that I'm saying that you're completely wrong, but you're oversimplifying the problem and the solution to it. Your last statement is not necessarily true; you have to balance the cost and how much of a PITA it is to set up and maintain vs how much money would be lost by disgruntled customers for a single rare outage. Granted, it depends on the kind of business you are running, but not every business is so fragile. In fact, I'd say that most(as in >50%) are not that fragile. Even better when you can simply put the blame on someone else, which everyone can do in our case right now. Better than MongoDB, how? The article says nothing about MongoDB. Looks an awful lot like Heroku. Dairy products are highly variant, depending on what the cows are fed. If it's organic, it's possible that it's also grass-fed or something along those lines. A Node.js skeleton, Express and/or AWS SDK, and PouchDB. I'm not sure what I should be impressed by. Maybe there's some real technical feat happening here, but I feel like a basic mad-libs style algorithm could produce something better. It should be noted that erythritol is not known for causing gastrointestinal issues. I don't really understand why we even use xylitol or sorbitol. bingo Yeah, I don't really get it. Then again, most distributions are pretty redundant at this point. I mean, how hard is it really to install Debian and type 'sudo apt-get install whatever'? Fancy distros, for the most part, are just repackaged Debian/Ubuntu/Arch, and should be desktop environment "flavors" that you install separately. There are some exceptions, but I find that the most derivitive distros purposely remove crap from even the most barebones Debian or they are very single-purpose. If I need a workstation OS, I am going to tailor it to my exact needs. Makes no sense to me to use a lesser-supported distro if I am just going to rip it apart anyway. I feel like more programmers than not will end up doing that. Am I wrong there? Not to get too political, but I find the idea that the internet is better being decentralized and non-corporate to be the new Libertarianism. Sure, these ideas sound nice, just like how "small government" and "free market", but how well do they work in practice on a large scale? Don't get me wrong, I'm not necessarily against such concepts as ideals, but in the end they are hard to implement in their pure form as the entire system gets larger and they aren't without consequence. An internet not dominated by Google, Facebook, Reddit, Amazon, etc., sounds great because, well, screw the man, man! Let's go back to 1999(or better yet, the 80's so we can connect to dial-up BBSes for free by routing through a bunch of local numbers, because, screw the man!). I know I'm hyperbolizing here a little bit, but it seems silly and pointless. The vast majority of users don't want this. There seems to be a common fixation on objects "modeling the real world" with the counter argument for classes being that they don't model the real world. True, there isn't a physical chair class in real life(philosophically, there aren't even chairs), but there is a common abstract idea of what would describe the function and attributes of a chair. Granted, it differs a little from person to person, but objects themselves are all different in some way. As far as I can tell, in most OO languages, there's no reason why classes must use inheritance, though I am certainly willing to be schooled in that regard. Inkscape is a gem! I'm glad more people seem to know of it than did even 5 years ago. I haven't tried 0.92 yet, but the one problem I have had with it is the macOS version, which requires X11 and has more problems with the window manager than even GIMP. Realistically, it's better to run these programs in a VM on macOS, sadly. On Linux & Windows, it is awesome and I have yet to encounter a circumstance where I couldn't achieve something that could be done in Illustrator. I find it interesting how people still don't like GIMP. I always suspect people want it to be like Photoshop, but now I don't know. With single window mode, I have virtually no complaints. (beyond the continual lack of CMYK support, which prevents wider adoption) For those developing Inkscape, I hope you realize that your efforts have helped me professionally, as I have regularly used it to design graphics and icons for web development at my work. Thank you! I just hope they leave the design alone and don't try enforcing their hideous design philosophy upon it. (Why do big tech companies think that making all their software look the same helps anyone or makes them more money?) This is why I disable images by default in my email client.