> but gecko was also around before KHTML. Actually, KHTML pre-dates even Gecko, given that it descended from the "KDE HTML Widget" KHTMLW. Even in 1997 this library was being developed (example email: http://marc.info/?l=kde-devel&m=88665877914652&w=3 ) By 2002 or whenever Gecko was more widely used than KHTML but that doesn't really matter because it was harder to integrate into Apple's code. Apple even had to go so far as to write a KDE/Qt wrapper layer (KWQ IIRC) and it was still less work than integrating/fixing Gecko. As another example, the lead Safari dev, David Hyatt is famous for (among other things) co-starting the Firefox project (called Phoenix at the time) so it is a very large stretch to claim that Apple simply ignored the better choice. Hyatt would have to go way out of his comfort zone to adopt something other than Gecko, and the fact that he did so anyways should say something... > If I'm not mistaken they're not general purpose computers. If they were what would be the point? Why not use a math coprocessor? They are not general-purpose, but that doesn't mean they're not easily re-programmable either. Consider the example of GPUs. I want to say some SNES games used a DSP chip, there are several known to emulator authors, including two versions that used the exact same hardware with different microcode (and therefore different abilities). So it's been done before at least. > However, spinning it off (as some are suggesting in the comment thread) has major difficulties. In particular, since buying Trolltech, Nokia has LGPLed Qt. That seems to me to drastically change the situation for prospective commercial licensing, as companies can ship commercial, proprietary products with Qt without paying licensing fees. How would Trolltech 2.0 make money? The business model would have to be different, that much is true. But where does the funding come from now for GTK+ for instance? Or the Linux kernel? There are enough Qt-using companies out there that maintaining and improving Qt should not be an issue if it is divested from Nokia. The concern would be making sure there is a neutral platform for the companies that contribute. As a KDE developer myself, I have to admit to being very disappointed by the very first section regarding the development of the StatusNotifier specification. Dave complains that there was no problem statement, points out a quote relating to D-Bus, and somehow still entirely misses the point even after claiming to have read through the threads relating to the proposed spec. The problem statement is easy : Have a way of separating notification items and applications, such that the notification item is part of the desktop and not part of the application. In other words, XEmbed sucks as a way to have notification items in a system tray. Anyone who has ever used e.g. GAIM in a KDE 3.5 desktop with a pixmap background knows exactly what I'm talking about, as GAIM's icon would show up as an ugly box with an icon inside, while the KDE application's would have a notification item with a properly transparent icon drawn. Claiming that the entire idea was merely to hook up notifications into D-Bus is so far afield that it mystifies me completely, and claiming that no one has ever had issues because of this is patently false. In fact, the VERY EMAIL [1] that Dave quotes has an actual problem statement directly before it: In the past few months in KDE we worked on a new way to represent the systemtray icons to overcome the following limitations: -lack of communication between the systemtray area and the items, that mean we don't know about their status, their importance of if they are being used or not -the xembed process is quite slow and doesn't give control to the systray on the paining -it's not possible to have more than one systray (useful in multi monitor setups) I know this because I actually bothered to use GTK+ and GNOME software even with my KDE desktop, but now I wonder if Dave has ever tried the opposite. I also was passively watching the threads as they happened back in the day, and stating that there was disagreement due simply to lack of a problem statement would be flatly false. Dave then goes on to accuse Aaron Seigo and Marco Martin of being obstinate in their positions by that point, which simply does not mesh at all with my memory of things. For instance, A GNOME Panel hacker named Frederic Peters mentioned that it would be nice to be able to merge launchers with notification icons [2], an idea that was warmly received, not thrown out [3]. In addition, given that the implementation changed several times during just the KDE implementation period, there would have been no major problems with even incompatible changes to fix problems. For instance Aaron Seigo in reply to Dan Winship recommending a different way to send notification signals over D-Bus mentioned: "yes, this is a nice idea for limiting the bus traffic. would require an incompatible change to the spec, but it is doable." [4] I'll read the rest of the article, but if this is the kind of "uncontroversial" fact stating that's going to be going on then I'll probably just unsubscribe from the xdg list and get on with my KDE developing life... [1] http://lists.freedesktop.org/archives/xdg/2009-September/011... [2] http://lists.freedesktop.org/archives/xdg/2009-September/011... [3] http://lists.freedesktop.org/archives/xdg/2009-September/011... [4] http://lists.freedesktop.org/archives/xdg/2010-January/01122... True, although in fairness it's a fairly weak beta emitter. The 100,000 picocuries of Potassium-40 your body has emits betas that are about 120 times more energetic, or sometimes emits gamma rays instead. Probably better to not get exposed to tritium all other things being equal but you would receive more damage from radioactivity IMO inhaling someone's cigarette smoke. I suppose this depends on exactly how much tritium is present in the steam that was vented. The original engineer also left out the many other radionuclides that are created that don't break down instantly, but his points about filtering most contaminants out before they are vented, and their destination of the vast Pacific Ocean is right on target. Tritium betas are about 0.005 MeV, not 1.000, and can penetrate only 6mm of air. The only real threat from tritium is ingestion where you don't have air or dead skin layer to block them, but even then they would have to be present in vast, vast quantities to receive appreciable dose from them. Nuclear energy is actually the safest form of energy generation we have (in terms of "deaths per gigawatt-hour"), although wind and hydro energy is approximately the same. This is as presented by the ExternE project financed by the "EU Commission". " http://manhaz.cyf.gov.pl/manhaz/strona_konferencja_EAE-2001/... - Polenp~1.pdf" > He claims that TMI showed that there is no risk of nuclear fuel melting through the steel containment structure. But at TMI, the core was actively cooled through the entire incident, and the temperatures were not even high enough to melt the fuel itself. Actually, about 1/3 to 1/2 of the Three Mile Island core melted completely (i.e. far worse than mere zirconium cladding damage). This was because the Three Mile Island core was not continuously cooled. There were a couple of elements to this: 1. In normal operation, the primary system is kept highly pressurized to ensure that the primary coolant does not boil. The way this is done, however, is to use something called a pressurizer, which does have a steam bubble, for much the same reason cars use shock absorbers. When the steam flow was cut off to the turbine generators, that acted as a loss of the heat sink that had been cooling the reactor, which caused pressure to go up. When pressure got too high, a relief valve in the pressurizer automatically lifted to relieve the pressure increase and maintain primary piping integrity. The valve was supposed to automatically shut once the pressure dropped enough, but did not. The indication that the operators had showed that the valve had been commanded to shut, but did not show that the valve had not actually shut. The location of the leak tended to artificially increase water level in the pressurizer by essentially "sucking" it from the reactor vessel (the operators had no indication of reactor vessel water level, since it was normally completely full of liquid). This loss of water from the reactor meant that it uncovered the fuel much quicker than might otherwise be expected. The operators had other ways of telling something was wrong (such as the sharp pressure drop from a stuck open relief valve) but did not put the puzzle together. They even did worse: Automatic safety systems kicked on to force-fill the reactor with cooling water, but the operators were afraid the system would overflow the entire primary (remember, they thought there was still water in the reactor vessel), so they dampened the flow, then shut off the system completely. 2. As steam started forming in the reactor vessel, the coolant loop piping connecting the reactor vessel to the reactor cooling pumps started to fill with steam, which caused the reactor cooling pumps to cavitate (which is certainly not good for the pumps). The operators had indication of this, but assumed the cavitation was due to the pressure drop and, again thinking the core was still covered with water, they shut down the reactor cooling pumps. This represented the loss of the last line of defense against reactor meltdown. It was not until some hours later when a different shift relieved that it was realized that a relief valve was stuck open and that there was no water over the fuel. They started re-established cooling at this point, but the damage was already done. > Conflicting information keeps coming out about possible worst case scenarios (and their relative likelihoods) with the nuclear reactors. There is only one worst-case scenario, so although I very much agree that the information coming out of Tokyo Electric Power Co. and the Japanese national government is inconsistent, that doesn't mean new "worst-case" scenarios become possible. IMHO the worst-case scenario is fuel melting through the reactor pressure vessel, through the thick steel containment which was not damaged in the hydrogen explosion, and through the bottom of the concrete containment (the top of which was damaged), and then from there into the environment. The worst-case plausible scenario from what I can tell (which again, has been true from the moment they lost cooling systems for decay heat removal) is fuel melting to the bottom of the reactor vessel, possibly breaching the primary boundary but getting trapped by the steel containment, with possible further release of gaseous radioactivity. I say this because cooling the fuel if it is outside the primary but inside the steel containment is much easier than cooling the fuel inside the primary: you must merely submerge the steel containment in seawater (which would boil away as it heats up), but this time you don't have to worry about pumping to high pressures. The fuel was transfer its heat across the steel containment to the seawater. As long as the steel containment is intact (as was true last I heard, but refer to my earlier point about TEPCO) then there would be no additional release of radioactive contamination from this. If there are air leaks in the containment that would be worse, but a portable radiation monitoring device would quickly identify such areas so they can be quickly patched or covered to at least keep contamination from spreading. So, I also disagree with "unimaginably bad". Unimaginably bad might be something like coal slurry breaking through its retention walls and killing all aquatic life in a nearby river for hundreds of miles (as actually happened in Kentucky in 2000 IIRC). At my last check all three reactors that had been operating at Fukushima-Daiichi have probably had fuel damage, which means that any steam they vent from the plant will contain radioactive contamination. So, definitely bad. Unfortunately I can't seem to find to many numbers for activity concentration (how frequently the radionuclides are actually decaying) or for dose rate (a measure of biological damage per unit time). A Guardian article mentions 680 microsievert per hour to the northwest of the site, which would be 68 millirem/hour, which is a value that is actually fairly high, but far below levels that would lead to immediate health risk. For a point of comparison, there are (inhabited ;) spots in the world (Ramsar, Iran) where you would receive 70 millirem/day, every day, which is far above what a trained radiation worker would be permitted to receive and yet still appears to have little (if any) effect on the local population. Of course any unnecessary exposure is unacceptable! But I also wouldn't come close to calling it "unimaginably bad", except in regards to the economic cost to TEPCO and the substantial loss of generating capacity (which as you mention, can have a substantial economic impact). Well the batteries are exactly the "electric backup" that was mentioned, although you're also right in that it was never designed to solve the entire casualty, only to last long enough to get other sources of power online. > i.e. 100 miles away they measured 0.2 mSv/h which, if we assume a r-squared dependency. You can't assume an r-squared dependency, as the radiation they were measuring came from the radioactive steam that had drifted out to sea (i.e. the "airborne radioactivity"). It was not from the Fukushima-Daiichi site directly (after all, there's many different radiation monitoring stations nearby that have much better indications of general area radiation levels). In fact you proved yourself wrong! If being a mile away from the reactor gave you 2 Sv/hour, and no one lives past 7 Sv, that's only 3.5 hours anyone could survive, and there have been workers at the site for days now. > Repeatedly we've seen commentators and outside observers saying "this can be no Chernobyl because...". Yes, because this can't be a Chernobyl. I do understand that you don't exactly have time to train yourself on the ins and outs of nuclear energy. But if you're really interested in the topic, Wikipedia actually has good articles on Chernobyl and the Chernobyl disaster, including a lot of information on the design flaws that were present in the Chernobyl design, flaws which are not inherent to either nuclear plant design in general, or the Fukushima boiling water reactors in particular. > But the situation at Fukushima-Daiichi is still very dynamic and many questions remain. I agree. But that does not mean that any disaster conceivable is in the set of possible outcomes of the casualty. Although I know it may not seem like it, especially with all the confusing and contradictory information being put out, but what has occurred up to this point has occurred almost like clockwork from the initial conditions leading up to the casualty and the actions taken (and unable to be taken) thereafter. A full nuclear fuel meltdown has been the final disaster since the start. The bad things that have happened since then have taken TEPCO progressively closer to that stage but as I said before, it's not like there's a multitude of different paths for the casualty to go down. > These cores still have a lot of energy left to dissipate and thus each still seems to have a life of its own. Yes, but the response is completely predictable . Everything that has gone and is currently going on (as far as the nuclear core response goes) is due just to the laws of nature. Decay heat is a well-understood concept (it is, after all, why so many redundant systems were part of the design in the first place), and the decay heat itself depends fully on things which can be figured out before shutdown, such as average power level, operating time, etc. It's not like some nuclear fuels have randomly different heat generation profiles and the Fukushima plant happened to pick up the super-reactive uranium. The only variable so far has been how much cooling could they provide? So far it hasn't been enough, but that hasn't changed the underlying phenomena, and the worst case is completely predictable (i.e. no cooling could be provided whatsoever under any circumstances). This is not like the weather where the phenomenon interact in such a chaotic way that it's effectively unpredictable: Decay heat production is easy to predict (to at least a general approximation) and even the decay of that residual decay heat over time is predictable. Even the hydrogen production from steam-zirconium reaction is a well-known and predictable effect, even during the time of Three Mile Island. The hydrogen explosions themselves were unpredictable, but even they were unsurprising. If this is all surprising to you because it's the first you've been exposed to nuclear theory then don't feel bad, but that doesn't make what's happening at the Fukushima-Daiichi plants at all unpredictable or chaotic, or for that matter, philosophical. > During most of the TMI accident the core was being actively cooled. Steam is not a coolant, which is why I went into so much detail on my first point. In fact steam has such atrocious heat conduction properties compared to water that you'll find many nuclear engineers refer to "steam blankets". So if the coolant pumps were running or not is essentially immaterial if the coolant flowing over the fuel plates is itself steam. I only said the coolant pumps were the last line of defense. They are required, but not sufficient. Now these are better questions. :) As far as hydrogen goes, the building itself was not designed to be the containment (instead there's a hefty steel containment around the reactor and primary piping from what I understand), so I don't think they bothered trying to make the building resistant to explosion from the inside (since they didn't have to). It would still be better to have the building in place, but I think the answer is as simple as it wasn't necessary for the meltdown casualty analysis. I'm not sure if the Mk I and II containments contain a core catcher or not. Modern designs do from what I understand, but I would imagine the Mk I does not. Perhaps the Mk II does. The Three Mile Island core suffered much greater fuel melting and still didn't make it past the reactor vessel, but a lot of that depends on core geometry as melting progresses, and the TMI reactor vessel was much stronger than the Fukushima plants since TMI was a pressurized-water reactor. On the other hand, the Fukushima designs have the steel containment that would catch any core leakage out of the primary initially and as long as they have seawater available they can keep the steel containment intact, and without having to send that seawater into a high-pressure system. I'm not sure what they mean by damage to the suppression pool. The suppression pool is a torus of water that steam from the primary system is ducted to when pressure relief valves lift, which acts to condense the steam and help with filtering some of the radioactive contamination to keep it from going airborne. Doing this heats up the suppression pool, which will itself boil eventually. I assume this is what they meant when they talked about venting the containment (as opposed to the reactor or primary). Anyways, if the suppression pool is damaged I assume that means there is a leak of the water inside of it, which would leak to the bottom of the steel containment. Without water in the suppression pool any venting of the reactor would not be immediately condensed, and would cause higher levels of airborne radioactivity inside the containment building for Unit 2 (intact AFAIK). This would not affect the ability of venting the reactor to lower pressure though, which is important for allowing water to be forced into the coolant system. Anyways, some of my IRC buddies have clued me more into a blast at Unit 2's suppression pool? I'll try to read up on that. Until then: According to http://rushi-langaliya.blogspot.com/2011/01/boiling-water-re... control rods are inserted into the core from the bottom. I'm not certain of BWR design but obviously if all the metal is melted then the control rod could fall out (this was actually a concern with Chernobyl which used metals with very low melting points to hold up control rods). I will say the plant I was on had about 5 different ways to keep control rods in position whether there was power or not so I'd be very surprised if the control rods weren't latched in place now at the very least. But I don't know for sure, don't want to tell you otherwise. * I don't know what their control rods are made out of, but the good assuming is that control rods melt after fuel does. That actually means the fuel would melt down away from the control rods before lumping up. If there is coolant there, the fuel shouldn't melt further. If there is no coolant, the nuclear chain reaction can't go critical again since the fuel is not enriched enough (the coolant actually also helps aid the neutron chain reaction). I can't speak to reactor protection analysis for BWR to that level of detail, but again I'd be very surprised if that's something that wasn't considered at some point between the 1960's and the last couple of years. If they had considered it and concluded there was a risk of re-criticality they would have taken measures to preclude it. That might be why they're already using boric acid for instance. As far as plutonium, it has a fairly long half-life, which means it's not very radioactive. With that said it is an alpha-emitter so it is very important that it is not inhaled. As long as it's not inhaled it's not a large concern from there radiologically. As with any other heavy metal though, it is highly dangerous chemically. Hopefully better information gets put out at the press conference. Man, wtf happened at Unit 2? I keep repeating the NHK broadcast and I'm not sure whether the suppression pool itself suffered damage and not the reactor vessel, or both, or what. They mentioned radiation going up right after the explosion, which could indicate a reactor vessel or other primary piping rupture, but could also just be from trapped radioactive contamination in the suppression pool being thrown out by the explosion. Either way it's important to make sure they don't allow the concrete building shell to get damaged at Unit 2 if they want to avoid further airborne release. > > There is only one worst-case scenario, so although I very much agree that the information coming out of Tokyo Electric Power Co. and the Japanese national government is inconsistent, that doesn't mean new "worst-case" scenarios become possible. Well my opinion as to the worst-case scenario was wrong: http://www.nytimes.com/2011/03/15/world/asia/15fuel.html?_r=... To be clear, the spent fuel facility at the shutdown and de-fueled Unit 4 reactor has ended up catching fire, and now they are measuring radiation levels on the site on the scale of 400 mSv/hr and 100 mSv/hr (yes, millisievert). The headline is misleading IMO: Simply tallying up numbers of problems noted by a regulatory agency is useless from the perspective of judging safety. Remember when Microsoft tried to make Firefox look like a buggy piece of shit by simply noting how many open bugs they had in their Bugzilla? The real problem from the article that is worrying (if true) is that the NRC is not always able to properly enforce compliance with their policies even when issues become known. > Never refer to a Dr. as Mr./Mrs./Ms. It just isn't done. In fairness to Prof. Clark, it's not like he was pointing out that faux pas to someone who didn't know of his position. Jeff Atwood by this point would be well aware of Prof. Clark's qualifications. I'm not going to say that Jeff deliberately downgraded Prof. Clark's title in his reply (as opposed to the entirely possible "I just call everyone Mr./Ms.") but given Joel Spolsky's comment elsewhere in this thread about "being nice" (note: direct quote! ;) I'm feeling some cognitive dissonance here. > The Stack Exchange community places a rather high value on "being nice." It's an important part of our values and we think it makes the Internet a better place. OK. That's a fair viewpoint, also espoused by many open source communities for instance. > A lot of the Math Stack Exchange users came from Usenet's sci.math where epic flame wars were the norm. This, on the other hand, is kind of misleading. Is there some other threads elsewhere with material from Prof. Clark that is of the "epic flame war" variety? I ask this because I read Akhil Mathew's post in its entirety and even if you claim that Prof. Clark was not nice in his mentions regarding Jeff Atwood (a claim I highly disagree with by the way), his comments were in no way flame war material. So unless he's actually done this elsewhere, why even mention epic flame wars in association as it does nothing but confuse the issue. > That community has a few members who do not consider "being nice" a requirement of public discussion, so naturally, conflict ensued when Jeff removed non-nice things (as is the norm in the larger Stack Exchange community), I have to ask: Is referencing a person's own quotes in support of a valid position suddenly "not nice". This quite honestly reeks of removing comments that only Jeff Atwood (and perhaps yourself ;) finds personally offending. I understand from the thread that there is apparently some history between Jeff Atwood and Prof. Clark -- I still don't think that justifies the response given in this case. > thus violating the "all public debate is sacred and must never be censored" norm of a small subset of that community. I doubt that this is literally an actual community tenet even with professional mathematicians. The fact that they apparently permit citing relevant facts to support a point of their does not imply that they feel all public debate is sacred and non-censorable. Akhil Mathew quite clearly elucidated his position in my opinion, and I do not see where he claimed that Prof. Clark's comments should stand merely because they were debate. It seemed to me that he felt the comments should stand because they were constructive in nature. > I think that the high norm for civilized discourse on Stack Exchange is one reason that it has such a high signal to noise ratio Civilized discourse is certainly good for S/N -- but this is not uncivilized discourse from Prof. Clark by any reasonable definition! > and it's why the mathematicians are on our site to begin with. I'm sure the network effect of having other very high-quality associated sites with stable working backend software had nothing to do with that. ;) > There was never any question of "censorship" -- the entire brouhaha took place in the META site, the site ABOUT the site... nobody deleted any comments about math on the Math site itself. I hate to say this, but this is disingenuous. If you prevent someone from talking constructively about the site then you are censoring him. Sure you may not be censoring him from the main site, but let's not split hairs here. As an aside I operate in a few communities that enforce a conduct policy... Prof. Clark's comments that were deleted would have been well within the bounds of decorum on any of those communities. You may want to ensure that your Stack Exchange values are being consistently enforced to avoid the appearance of impropriety, as the policies seem to be quite severe to me given the actions here. Usenet is not the only community that uses '>' for quotes. I wasn't aware that Reddit or open-source mailing lists were so unusual, but I can certainly claim no lineage with Usenet. I will, however, take that assumption as a compliment of the highest order, even if it involved no ingenuity on my part. As an aside, I'm just going to assume that this is a counterexample to the "be nice" policy that is in effect for Stack Exchange-affiliated sites? Or is this rather another "founder exception" to the rules? > And yet many on meta.math also felt they were distinctly unconstructive, to the point of overt rudeness -- including the most highly upvoted answer to that question. You say to-may-to, I say to-mah-to. I cannot disagree in the slightest with the idea that the politics and squabbling inherent to academia can be vicious and/or intense. I certainly do not think /this/ was an example of such however. Like I said earlier I understand there is some backstory I'm not seeing here -- perhaps this was just the very minor straw that broke the camel's back. If that's the case I think it would be a lot more understandable to people if that were clearly stated. Or, let me ask it another way: What would be the constructive way to ask whether high professional mathematician participation should be expected at a conference sponsored in part by someone who finds mathematicians exasperating and shows disdain for mathematics? Before you answer: I read the post that Prof. Clark linked to trying to demonstrate your self-expressed "disdain", and I read only that you felt you were terrible at math, not that you didn't like it. Pointing that out would have been much easier than deleting the comment I think, or pointing out that specific mis-interpretation as an example of non-politeness would have proved your point, but I didn't see you doing either. > And yet many on meta.math also felt they were distinctly unconstructive, to the point of overt rudeness -- including the most highly upvoted answer to that question. You say to-may-to, I say to-mah-to. You made me go back and check. You neglected to mention that the "deletion of the comments was questionable", which was the very next part of the highest-rated answer's comment. I suspect it was highest-rated because it is the answer pleading for compromise, but either way very near in the voting is an answer explicitly stating that Prof. Clark's comments were constructive and non ad hominem, and close behind is a comment from Prof. Clark himself. I don't see how trying to point to numbers on meta.math actually helps your case here, Jeff. > They knew about the meltdowns and the leakages all along, but choose to deny it until months later. I don't know about leakage, but they've been very clear that the fuel had melted down for a very long time now, at least since after that first week. The only question has been how substantial has the fuel damage been, and now at least for Unit 1 we know the answer. > I fear for my friends' lives in Japan. Because their government is weak and useless and saving face. Independent monitoring should be used, but if you're really worried why don't you ask your friends to take actions assuming that there is plutonium and uranium all over the place (e.g. air masks outside, frequent washing of vehicles/hands/outerwear)? I hate to say this but it's not like knowing exactly how much radioactivity is out there would change the actions they should take too much one way or the other: wash that shit off, don't eat foods/liquids that are contaminated. Plus, you really shouldn't ask for merely plutonium/uranium, as if radioactive Strontium or Cesium that the government is reporting figures for are that much better -- they're also nuclides of concern, so if you don't trust the government then you should also push for independent monitoring of those radionuclides. It wouldn't leave a vacuum, as the air on the outside of the fan would rush in to replace it. I think the point is that (if this works), the boundary layer itself will also be moving instead of sitting there stagnant. So put her friends on trial then. I really though society in general grew out of punishing related persons for the crimes of others.... That was done in response to the fallout from 9/11, where it was demonstrated that there was very little inter-agency cooperation, especially in sharing information about terrorism/terrorists. It was a calculated decision to greatly increase information sharing between government agencies (including the military) to allow for better cooperation. Macs don't outnumber embedded devices though. Like Miguel de Icaza would ever recommend a KDE application. ;) Sure, but doing so is practically harder even than itemizing your taxes. It's not like you can just PayPal the money over right when you make the purchase. So... the military, just as the commenter you replied to already noted? I'm actually kind of surprised about how many people are not aware of the suicide concern. But then, I worked for a couple of years at a large training site where suicide awareness was a Very Big Deal so perhaps I'm just suffering from transference. The symptoms displayed by Mark here are very similar to some kind of "classic" pre-suicidal actions (i.e. "putting his affairs in order") so I can definitely see why suicide would be a concern among his friends. Except that how else is he supposed to prove that it works other than actually demonstrating it with a real app on the real App Store? No, it's still be going slow. The very short story is "Lenz's Law" (IIRC), but basically this of it like this: top | |N |S | As the south pole falls down, it induces currents in the part of the pipe below it which tend to form a south pole to inhibit the movement (a north pole is also formed, above the south pole which also adds to the effect) As the north pole falls down, it also induces currents, in the part of the pipe above , which tends to form a south pole above it and a north pole below it, and both of those effects act to retard the acceleration of the magnet. Perhaps easiest to visualize as: s s N n | n n | n S s s where the lowercase letters are the poles in the piping formed from the eddy currents as the magnet falls. Have any Wikileaks supporters been accused of any crimes? In the meatspace, if a suspected or known criminal was always hanging out in a certain small corporate office with only a few people then they might wiretap the whole building, even though the other workers are not necessarily involved. From there they might be able to subpeona the personnel records for that small group of employees even though neither the corporation nor the "extracurricular" group those workers are involved with are even charged with any wrongdoing, based just on the personal wrongdoing of one of those workers and that one's association with the others in his building. That doesn't mean there's no shenanigans going on here (I haven't looked at the article yet) but Wikileaks being formally accused of a crime is not compulsory to getting individual subpeonas in general. > Why? It's not by the definition of wrong of those Iranians. Where does that objective standard come from? That's a large debate on its own (read up on John Stuart Mill for instance) but essentially you're arguing for a philosophy called relativism, the end of which is that there's nothing objectively right... On the other hand that would mean that the U.S. is justified in however they treat Iran, since they're nothing objectively wrong either. Sometimes you really can't have your cake and eat too. Except that in this case Mega Conspiracy (the company behind MegaUpload) is being held liable for their own behavior. I'm used to Reddit being ill-informed but I was not expecting to see this attitude being so prevalent on HN! Just in the comment thread for this post I've seen assertions that the U.S. avoided extradition treaties (untrue) and that MegaUpload was shut down just because of what their users were doing (also untrue). Just as an example of things from the indictment (which you should really at least read a summary of): * MegaConspiracy employees were discussing a way to avoid reposts of child porn by killing any video with a matching md5sum of movies which were deemed by MegaConspiracy to be child porn, but did not employ that same tactic for files uploaded that infringed copyright. Now you and I know that it's trivial to make the md5sum change without making the video look any different, but why does MegaConspiracy 'try harder' for some categories of illegal material and not others that just conveniently happen to make them more money? * MegaConspiracy seeded their own website with videos copied straight from YouTube (thing wget --mirror) without so much as bothering to verify the license of those videos. This wouldn't be acceptable with open source software, why should this be acceptable for Mega Upload? * MegaConspiracy distributed known infringing videos internally to staff (so it's not "just the users" doing it) * MegaConspiracy rewarded uploaders monetarily for uploading popular videos despite the lack of authorization on the part of those users to redistribute the video (so it's not "just the users" asking for it) So while I certainly appreciate that the movie/music industry are hopelessly out-of-tune with digital distribution, that doesn't make MegaConspiracy a bunch of good guys, and it doesn't make their behavior defensible. > For you 1st point: because in most jurisdiction CP is absolutely forbidden and typically you are not protected if you don't proactively act to eradicate CP on your service with reasonable dilligence, whereas an upload of a film might or might not be problematic, given that it can be for private use or public distribution. That's not at all the point though. It would be one thing if MegaConspiracy had a policy to only "full ban" videos that were targets of DMCA-complaints if it was clear to them that the content was actually infringing. Then they'd have a plethora of excuses (e.g. no time to sort through all the DMCA requests, "investigations" revealed it was unclear material was infringing, etc.) Instead what the judge and jury will see is that MegaConspiracy had a "permaban video" tool which they didn't even attempt to use. > For the third point [MegaConspiracy distributing infringing material internally] who are you kidding. Technically this is problematic. Well, this is the best kind of "technically", given that it's exactly what they're being accused of! If the grand jury was as sympathetic to that as you think then why did they hand down the indictment? Either way it's not very hypocritical given that some naïve users might be able to claim ignorance of the progeny of videos from the Internet, but MegaConspiracy went out of their way to establish DMCA protocol so they have no excuse for ignorance of the "safe harbor" provisions at all. > And now here is Megaupload being completely destroyed — its website shuttered, its assets seized, ongoing business rendered impossible — based solely on the unproven accusation of Piracy. It was proven to a grand jury -- that's why they (and not the government) handed down an indictment. The treatment is actually similar to what would happen to the brick-and-mortar assets of an indicted meth distributor. Normally when a grand jury hands down an indictment then business functions that aid the alleged criminal activity also get shuttered. See http://www.nwitimes.com/news/local/lake/hammond/feds-e-c-com... for instance. I would recommend reading the actual executive order: http://www.whitehouse.gov/the-press-office/2012/07/06/execut... This looks to me just what it says on the tin: The Federal Government is to develop a plan for ensuring comms during national crises. The only part that hinted at "control" of systems is Sec 5.2(e) where the DHS is to be able to satisfy priority communications requirements through use of (not control of) commercial, Government, and privately-owned resources. So yes, the gov't could come in and use Aunt Tillie's landline phone if no other resources were available in a disaster , but that hardly equates to "control of all communications systems" and is hardly different in degree to the powers the Federal government already has in disaster response. And that was despite KDE4 being much more similar to KDE3 than GNOME 3 is to GNOME 2. I find it amusing how Christian says they moved away from "their" ESD to a standard PulseAudio. ESD was the Enlightenment Sound Daemon (though it may have been maintained by GNOME hackers at the end), and PulseAudio is only "standard" insofar as it was included by default with most distros (i.e. ESD or aRts would have been "standard" under that definition). KDE at least supports PulseAudio better than ESD but it could as easily have supported ESD if it were necessary, especially if there was as much support from ESD devs as was provided by PulseAudio devs (ESD was already in its nadir before KDE 4.0 thanks to broad usage of gstreamer making ESD redundant for most audio needs). It would be easier to lift the rover perhaps, but F=ma, so since the mass of the rover hasn't changed, neither has the acceleration you can develop for a given force applied. If it makes anyone feel any better this article is getting pilloried even by actual U.S. submariners: http://bubbleheads.blogspot.com/2012/08/not-everything-you-r... No, a car can't run for infinite distance even once at its final speed, unless you're talking about the kind of theory that doesn't involve friction, drivetrain losses, aerodynamic resistance, or even things as simple as having a radio turned on (not to mention headlights) Perhaps I'm being dumb, but doesn't std::list already do exactly this? From SGI's STL docs: "A list is a doubly linked list. That is, it is a Sequence that supports both forward and backward traversal, and (amortized) constant time insertion and removal of elements at the beginning or the end, or in the middle" Actually in this particular case that "copy" is allowed to be elided even in C++98, as the copy constructor of person produces no side effects. It would be hard to notice if the optimizer is that smart or not either way though, since it will be optimized by redundant load/store elimination even if it was initially generated without optimization. And even if it was, C++ is nearly a superset of C. Write the part in C-style code which works best in C and then move on with your life... I'd just like to point out as a KDE developer that we don't go changing our APIs all willy-nilly. Every major release I can remember (since KDE 2.0) has kept binary compatibility for the libraries (see http://techbase.kde.org/Policies/Binary_Compatibility_Issues... ). There have been exceptions for Plasma libraries, but those were announced beforehand. Many current KDE libraries are evolutions of technology going back to KDE 2 (for better or worse). Perhaps the biggest change over the whole lifetime has been the shell (going from kdesktop+kicker in KDE 2+3 to Plasma in KDE 4) and going from aRts in KDE 2+3 to Phonon in KDE 4. Btw, we were highly encouraged to adopt the popular multimedia framework at the time (gstreamer 0.10) instead of writing Phonon. gstreamer will soon be releasing an incompatible 1.0, while in the interim Phonon gained native support for the sound server that become highly popular in the meantime, PulseAudio. KDE has been doing its part to insulate developers as much as possible from mandatory API changes. It's not as good as the kernel or Microsoft has been able to do, but it's certainly not as bad as GNOME IMHO. I can say this as an app maintainer too. Going onto the KDE 4.10 development cycle, JuK still has code that uses the "kde3support" library. :( Yes, my first thought on reading that short argument was that it has all the logical rigor of INTERCAL. I especially like the leap the author took from 'an iDevice is an end in itself' to 'users can see this' to 'obviously that's why it is selling so well'. Not a one of those logical leaps is even plausible IMO, let alone so obvious that it can be thrown out there without further justification. The multimedia API changed from KDE 2 and 3's aRts to KDE 4's Phonon. The API is still Phonon, and this will be true in KDE 5 as well. There were other application-specific APIs that were used for things that were beyond the capability of aRts and Phonon (e.g. Juk could use gstreamer directly in KDE 3) but the KDE APIs themselves were pretty stable. It's true that a Qt change in binary incompatible and involves at least some source porting effort, but honestly those have been fairly infrequent, and only one of those transitions (3->4) involved more than minor source changes. Qt 4 was released at the end of 2005 (around the time of Linux 2.6.15) and is still the "current" version, though the Qt 5 release is around the corner. In just the KDE 3 timeframe to now, on the other hand, there has been gstreamer 0.6, 0.8, 0.10, soon 1.0, PulseAudio, ConsoleKit, HAL, HAL's replacement (DeviceKit), DeviceKit's replacement (udev and friends, upower, udisks, etc.), PolicyKit, PolicyKit's replacement ("polkit"), NetworkManager 0.8, NetworkManager 0.9. Needless to say, trying to keep in sync with all of that has not been fun. :-/ > Spoken like someone who has never been slut-shamed. Or had his/her leg blown off by a landmine. People don't actually get maimed because they stupidly walked into a minefield. They get maimed because someone put a minefield where they live and grew up, and they can't live life at all without being in constant danger. If we don't expect people to exercise "common sense" in trying to avoid becoming the victims of circumstance, then why do we install locks on cars and homes? Missing locks on a house doesn't make it acceptable to steal things from inside of it, yet we don't in general rely on that social and legal rule alone. Lacey doesn't deserve the treatment she's been getting but it's entirely appropriate to point out that the response could have been foreseen by anyone with experience with 4chan's /b/ (which includes Lacey, if she's to be believed). Any other argument is of the same intellectual logic as trying to prevent teen pregnancy by not teaching teens about sex (which is even worse as a method than abstinence education!) This should be a "teachable moment" for other teenage or young entrepreneurs trying to drum up public interest in their enterprise by poking 4chan. It certainly shouldn't be hidden from public view just to make it look like it was a completely random attack on /b/'s part. People need to be educated about what can happen. Given that they should persist, the better way would be /var/tmp I would think, at least if persistence means "should survive reboot". Even before shifting to tmpfs I'm pretty sure Fedora was erasing the contents of /tmp at startup (and I know Gentoo/OpenRC is). There might be an even more appropriate FHS-compliant directory (/var/run perhaps?) > FOSS coders undervalue themselves and should get paid what they are worth. I do open-source coding with a completely non-related day job to keep proficient and because I like building software. What should I bill per hour? Who should I bill it to? As far as I'm concerned I'm already making value from my code, I certainly don't need others swooping in to tell me what I should and shouldn't charge for it. "Treason" has a specific U.S. Constitutional meaning. "Aiding the enemy" is probably the nearest equivalent under U.S. military legal procedure. Either definition would fit the layman meaning of 'traitor'. Your first paragraph is kind of worrisome though. You say that Manning meets the definition of a traitor "if you believe he intentionally leaked information which risked American security during a war". But from the military legal standpoint there is no such thing as "no harm, no foul", so really he would be a traitor "if you believe he intentionally leaked information [to an American enemy] during a war", and this is true whether or not one would go through even a neutral (or Allied!) third-party first. Other military servicemembers have acted as actual whistleblowers, even for things far more embarrassing to the U.S. than leaked diplomatic cables (e.g. Pfc. Justin Watt, who revealed a heinous crime of rape, multiple murders, and arson committed by U.S. soldiers in Iraq, or the unnamed(?) whistleblower who revealed the Abu Ghraib abuses). The reason they ended up OK is because they were whistleblowers, and not just exfiltrating as much confidential material as they could (without even examining it all) before their security access was removed due to a previous Article 15 conviction from punching another soldier in the face. I mention this only because I see all the time (even here on HN now) about how people think Pfc. Manning is a "whistleblower" who is being oppressed, but there's far more to that story. Yes, because summarily removing all of that spending would certainly have no drastic follow-on effects to the national economy. > > American security during a war > Just a reminder, but there's no declared war. There's military action, yes. But no war has been declared. Please look through http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Declaration_of_war_by_the_Unite... The war in Afghanistan was formally authorized by Congress in the "Authorization for Use of Military Force" (a resolution which even explicitly mentioned that it satisfies all requirements of the War Powers Act passed in the aftermath of Vietnam). Despite the fact that the writers didn't put "Declaration of War against $FOO" in the title of the resolution, it was certainly a declaration in the Article I, Sec. 8 sense. But please, tell me more about how traitors are only created when Congress dots their I's and crosses their T's in a certain format. This page gives another "nice" demonstration of C (in actual usage, not an obfuscated code contest): http://oldhome.schmorp.de/marc/bournegol.html What's especially nice is that TRUE is defined as -1 in that source, not 1, which could easily confuse someone who isn't intimately familiar with C's boolean operators and conditional expressions (since something like if((a Even with that in mind, it would still be nice to have a "safer to use" systems language than C++ generally available. Perhaps Go or D can fill that role (though good luck making that happen for game development on Windows...) They don't? I thought you still couldn't run your own JIT-capable JS implementation on iOS. Not to step into your flamefest, but point #2 is already solved by using TACK ( https://news.ycombinator.com/item?id=4010711 ) and Chrome has other partial workarounds in production. So iPad 1 users should have to jailbreak their iPad to get to fully utilize it longer than 2 years? I agree completely that they could at least give it a stable OS (and apps!) but "jailbreak" should never be on a list of generic end-user steps to use your hardware. Although I agree with you that Apple should not alter HTTP POST parameters in-flight, the server side application must expect the client to be untrusted. Anything can connect to the server socket, not just its RESTful app on iOS. > Bitcoin is no more a "den of thieves" than a cash-based society, which most of the world was until recently. Actually it seems that credit/debt was usually the standard and not cash per se, at least if David Graeber's book on the history of debt can be believed ("Debt: The First 5,000 Years"). While cash has certainly been used since antiquity, most transactions were on credit, even before Western Europe exited the Middle Ages, with cash limited to certain purposes and/or segments of society. Well, part of the reason the Manifesto was made up was to help answer the question of what it even means to be part of "the club" in the first place. KDE was started to provide a complete desktop environment. Though the work there is certainly not finished by any means, it's predominantly done (and has been so since KDE 3.5, if you ask some). Yet, KDE developers are branching off into different software types and different hardware form factors. Plasma Active is a mobile platform built on KDE libraries. The ownCloud software stack was started by developers affiliated with KDE and even shared some infrastructure initially. None of these things are part of "the desktop" though. So, we (at KDE) have had to come to grips with lots of questions. "Are we done? Is this it? If not, what's the reason for continuing, what do we accomplish further?". We've built the community and the software, where do we go from here? And at the end, what is "KDE.org" and what isn't? What does KDE give to those who contribute, and what do we expect of those who carry the imprimatur of a KDE-affiliated project? It's probably touchy-feely and pretty generic, but then KDE has always been kind of amorphous in my experience, for better or worse. If I remember the decoding process right, it's basically just taking 4 characters at a time, multiplying by (6/8) (which is 3/4) to get 3 characters. This doesn't make it impossible to decode less than 4 characters, but you can't tell if the shortage is due to an error (early truncation) or just the padding being stripped (the article doesn't make it clear, but = is the traditional padding character used to make the encoded text have the proper length). Obviously both encoder/decoder will need to agree on the padding style to be used if it is important that encoded text be canonical. I think instead he's saying that in a "normal" job market it's possible to higher server admins of lesser experience for lower pay and suffer through the consequences of having to train them up and get them proficient. There's good business reasons not to do this but that doesn't make it any less of a normal job market I use it too, but I must admit to wishing they would make it compatible with Google Authenticator or some other OATH implementation. SMS'ed text codes take way too long to be a good second-step when you're having to login everyday like I do (not to mention logging in from work where my reception is almost nil). On Linux, you can just use sigsetjmp(3)/siglongjmp(3), especially since SIGSEGV is thread-directed and not process-directed. Perl has had it for awhile, although there were probably languages that had it beforehand (awk or ADA maybe?) KDE developer here, still found the link useful (especially for HN). Even when developing for proprietary platforms, many (though not all) of the concepts transfer over well to FOSS platforms, including for security, SQL, cloud/async programming, etc. Free/cheap resources for a proprietary compiler (Borland C++ 5.02) were what led to me learning to program (and later learning about Linux) and so I want to explicitly make clear that such things are not inherently bad for Free Software or open source. That only makes it more likely that what was said has a semantically correct meaning though (or is that what you meant?). Or we can stop pretending like we're even a little bit confused as to what was meant at any point along the way here... natural language exists to facilitate communication and understanding, not pointless arguments over the form of idiomatic expressions. rekonq is not the default KDE browser, and is not shipped with the KDE Software Compilation or KDE Platform. Instead, it is a valued KDE-community-developed browser available from our "Extragear" repository. However I will say that even we at KDE are not opposed to configurability in general (especially to the extent listed for GNOME 3 and Unity... as far as I know we don't have a stick up our collective asses regarding the "brand experience"). But we have to maintain patches we accept (e.g. in the case of the task manager). LUCKILY we are quite happy to have even our core components ripped and replaced by something better. E.g. there is Craig Drummond's "Icon Tasks" taskbar available for Plasma (which I use). As far as SVG themes, that was a 10 steps forward, 1 step back kind of thing... overall the desktop is much improved by having those as an option, even if it makes it more difficult to implement color toning. But if someone were to submit a patch implementing "themed color variations" (so that you as a user could choose the "light" color, "dark" color, etc. and the rest of the theme remains unchanged) then I would be very surprised if that were to be rejected outright. Agree with most, but I'm having trouble combining your points 2 + 3. If they're referring to the quarter before the iPhone 5 was even announced, then it would seem the iPhone 4S that's actually on shelves would be the fair point of comparison. It's fair to say that Apple enthusiasts would be holding off on buying any iPhone that quarter since they knew the next version would soon be announced (which probably moots the overall article point just on its own). But that doesn't make the overall comparison for the quarter meaningless. Interesting to see what the site would have looked like, but why was it surprising that Romney would have a transition site already made? That's what we'd call "proper prior planning" where I work, nothing more. The title here is misleading. The articles notes that 1 of the SEALs receiving punishment was a member of the bin Laden raid (and leaves unclear what his role had been), the other 6 are members of that SEAL Team but were not involved in that raid. It does say 4 other former members of that Team are still under investigation without mentioning if they were involved in the raid or not. So a better title might be the obvious: "7 Navy SEALs disciplined for role with video game". Interesting paper! I have an autistic son (and my second might have something similar but much milder) and I suppose I would meet the "systemitizing" criterion (my wife wouldn't, but that doesn't really argue against the conclusion of the paper). Of course, anecdote != data, etc. Yeah, I can't imagine why anyone would want to spend $150 million to boost security in the financial capital of the world, it's certainly not like there have been any major security crises in the area in the past say, 20 years or so. We definitely should have instead invested that money, starting "5 years ago", in preparing for a hurricane to merge with a strong winter storm in an area that, up to now, had never suffered anything as bad in at least the past 108 years. Yup. Did you read the article or just the title? The subject-referenced policy Obama signed is pretty much detailed high-level policy guidance on what is considered network defense and what is considered cyber operations, and in doing so sets out rules for usage of such. This is exactly the kind of thing CIA, Dept. of State, Dept. of Defense, etc. don't need being made directly available to Iran, China, Russia, non-state actors, etc. The article also notes that corresponding guidance for cooperation between the government and civilian agencies is still being worked both on Capitol Hill and as a separate Executive Order. > And everyone knew the huge amount of software in C++. Why the list? Perhaps the submitter just likes watching HN'ers fall all over themselves to reflexively point out all the reasons why C++ is, like, the worst language ever? (Someone even mentioned coding Windows in ML-derived languages, I can only imagine Raymond Chen's reaction to that) As far as I know, the GNOME 3 "experience" relies heavily on the Mutter window manager and so it can't be easily replaced. Maybe someone else can chime in to confirm one way or the other though. This "Rule of Zero" construct doesn't forgo RAII, since RAII does not simply mean "write constructors and destructors". Instead it allows the compiler and language to automatically do the right thing to enable RAII by using appropriate library-provided building blocks. E.g. his std::unique_ptr + custom deleter type enables the compiler to automatically make a RAII-compliant class for the author, so it's still RAII, just automatically implemented (except for the ctor, in this case). > What I'd like to suggest is that all Linux platform developers seriously consider going the opposite way and providing real "computers" to those holdouts, like me, who still need to get real work done and know how to navigate a real file system and even [gasp] a command line. For what it's worth, that's exactly what we're trying to do with KDE. We'll reorganize a UI to make it less confusing for routine tasks but for the most part we're about trying to make it possible to do complex work. Much like the Perl motto, we want easy things to be easy, and hard things to be possible. Help is always welcomed though, we don't exactly have multiple distros feeding development time and resources directly into the project like some other desktop environments, and we don't really want to be force-fed by those means anyways as it makes it difficult to move in a direction not in accordance with what the company wants. One has only to look at Nokia's Qt to see what happens with that -- lots of progress on things important for mobile (specifically what's nice for Nokia, obviously), relative stagnation on other areas. KDE's KSysGuard tries to do a detailed calculation much like this if you ask for it (right-click on a process in ksysguard's process list and click "Detailed Memory Status", IIRC). This process list can be pulled directly from KRunner (Alt-F2) as well. No offense but you're reading waaay more into it than what they wrote. "Difference in strategic position" doesn't equate to "dead language that no one uses" and a question into the departure of a high-profile MS exec doesn't rise to the level of moon landing lunacy. Unless you have some sort of inside knowledge about what the parent comment to yours actually meant I can only assume that this discussion in general is hitting too close to home for complete objectivity on your part. I also don't think that being signed up for a site for a longer duration of time inherently gives you any right to speak for the entire site, even in a conversation with one of relatively less "seniority" on the site (whatever that even means). It's nice that you clarified what you meant by "us" but that wasn't being debated and it didn't add to any points you've made. Much like the other commenters have mentioned, you're "high profile" if only because I've actually heard of you and read your writings with interest before (via the same means legions of other developers will have done so). I'll remove "exec" if I still have Edit perms though, apologies. Indeed, the "Unicode support" in question is tracking changes to the Unicode standard itself. Perl 5 has long been one of the top-flight Unicode implementations (and not just implementation , but a community-wide set of best practices, documentation for use, etc.). I almost skipped because I figured it would be another introductory article to how to use bash and coreutils, but this was actually very good. It's true the writeup didn't mention Gauss, but the PDF that the author linked did mention that. But either way wouldn't the importance for the field of computing in this case be more on the application of the algorithm and not who published first? I.e. if no one knows about a computable algorithm used sparingly 150 years earlier then I don't think it's completely unfair to give some credit to one who later rediscovers and popularizes that algorithm. According to the Wikipedia article the Cooley-Tukey algorithm was an independent re-discovery so it's not as if Tukey had read Gauss and then tried to steal the credit (it wasn't even noted until almost 20 years later that Cooley-Tukey was a rediscovery of a Gaussian algorithm). It's almost unfair though... I think if we really deeply dove into what mathematicians like Gauss, Euler, Cauchy, etc. came up with that there may be other "CS" algorithms that were innovated hundreds of years before computers were available to really popularize them. Every time I read about Euler and Gauss especially I end up even more impressed. I've found that experimenting with the various git diff algorithms helps out. IIRC there is an "-x patience" flag you can pass to git-diff and tools which use that, which spends more time to get "better" diffs. Same for GTK+ C code (where it is used as a gesture toward C++ compatibility, at least for the headers). Perl 5 was released in October 1994, so it's impressive in its own right that a) there is boilerplate you can add at all to get good Unicode support and b) that you can extend the language to support it using just boilerplate. As the other comment mentioned, improvements by "default" to Unicode support do get included into later Perl 5 releases, but you have to let the compiler/interpreter know that you're buying into that so that it can reduce the boilerplate for you. But on the other hand, I don't have a gas station at my house... I could have a charging station though. > The government is not just any old company or investor, the government has guns and can compel action in a way that others cannot. As such it is very powerful to have as a investor and very dangerous to have as a competitor. Too dangerous. I get what you're saying but I really wish people would quit bandying about the "government has guns" line. I'm one of the zillions working in the USG and I can tell you that the left hand doesn't hardly even know what the left finger is doing most of the time, let alone the right hand (and this is often by design, to avoid exactly what you're talking about). If you want to discuss hypotheticals of gov't gone astray then that's fine but then we could also discuss those hypothetical meteors that might hit your corporate HQ (hope you've been doing your disaster recovery planning). Or we could quit acting like starting a business in the U.S. is really just like starting a business in a country run by a junta, or that investing in civilian-run businesses that further a societal and national goal is just like establishing a command economy. So do the militiamen in Montana, so what exactly is your point? The bobbies patrolling the streets in the U.K. are unarmed but people still seem to respect the rule of law over there, companies can still be seized, etc. In fact there are probably even a few Western democracies without so much as a military that still could pass laws to nationalize a business. "Guns" are the least of your problems with government from a day-to-day point of view. I think the idea is that most people drive near where they live most of the time. If it does turn out you need to drive out to the boonies you can rent a car for that on a case-by-case basis, much like how we don't all drive box trucks on the off chance that we might need to move a big TV back home someday. But in the meantime you'd still get the benefit with your normal car. If you drive long distances more often though, then that obviously changes the decision for now... at this point a Tesla wouldn't be for you until there was more Supercharger infrastructure around the nation. Honestly we already have something similar going on, at least where I live (in DC) I see those tiny little Smart cars every so often, but you can bet your ass that you don't hardly ever see them outside the Beltway, no one is dumb enough to risk their life in one of those little things on a long-distance trip out of, and back to, DC. Sure, and people should. But saying that people don't have the right to do otherwise is a much stronger statement than what you just stated. In fact, people in general have the right to do many things which are immoral or even unethical, e.g. the Westboro Baptist protests at funerals. Another logical fallacy I've seen is kind of the contrapositive (if I remember ethics class correctly): If people hear an anecdote of a problem affecting someone in a group, the problem exists throughout the entire group. E.g. the other day Reddit had a story about an atheist who dropped out of West Point because he felt there was too much religion, which somehow mutated on some of the subreddits to how all atheists in all of the military branches are continuously being oppressed (which is far and away untrue). I think he disputing the author's assertion that "being unable to distinguish the millions of colors in 24-bit sRGB can't be true" is necessarily true given the conclusion. It's important to get the fine details right even if you agree with the overall point (though I'm not sure who's actually right here). It's always only good enough. Who actually has a literally perfect life? Are you really trying to suggest that the difference between the 24-bit color that we already can't reliably reproduce on current monitors and the 30-bit of the author, is the same order of magnitude as between 24-bit and 2-bit monochrome? We received a Chinese-language (not sure if Mandarin or what) to a KDE mailing list the other day. We could see it was relevant to us but there was no translation, nothing at all, none of us could understand the problem. Eventually someone replied asking for them to re-submit an English description of the issue, hopefully they're able to do so. :-/