If it fits your use case you can use std::valarray . See here: https://godbolt.org/g/JBSvuH Who did that? I saw no one talking about interpreted languages here. I am running linux on the Surface Pro. Works perfectly. Have you used Haskell? It can automatically generate a lot of things for you if you allow it. Sometimes I really find it amazing. Consent has nothing to do with actually caring about you. Never mistake the two. It's really simple he continously asked you those things because a single touch where you didn't it and he didn't ask you can ruin his life. The last good triple A game that came out and I knew about is The Witcher 3. Undoubtedly there are others but I don't see them. The online only game epidemic is what is causing this. There are loads of people who don't care about the next Dota 2, Fortnite or whatever the next time waste is without substance. But there are barely any games for those people. Most are moneygrabbing sequels with no actual life in them. The only country that seems to still be producing worthwhile games is Japan. That is a meaningless statement. You can do anything in (almost)any language that doesn't mean the basics are solved. That makes zero sense. If they were all failured they where not A players by definition. But why use a mac pro for that? It's not like UE4 only runs on mac or even has an advantage running on mac. I'm not sure there are very many people smarter then Elon. He no doubt unifies people to his cause but I doubt even a small fraction of them are actually smarter then Elon himself. I assume the compiler can easily optimize something like that similar to constant folding. Isn't that the case? Doesn't HTML also provide this feature? While being vastly more powerful and the only downside it cannot be printed accurately? He explicitly says if you don't share hardware with code you don't trust it's fine to disable it. Javascript is not code one trusts... Almost no one uses Intel's compiler for serious workloads afaik. Your entire point is irrelevant. Do you write any code? Because that is not allowed on iOS. Do you want to browse see an application and want to use it? Because that is not allowed on iOS. iOS is so far from being a useable OS that I don't think it will ever be anything more then an internet machine with light video and image editing capabilities. The last update to the ipad pro should tell you enough about what apple thinks constitutes a "professional" OS. That being said OSX running on a higher specced ipad pro CPU could be really awesome but I don't think that is what will happen. Really? For me the presence of a GC disqualifies D as the main replacement for C and C++. Yes and then you can't use most of the nice features of D. Forget about libraries. You are right most software it doesn't matter if you have a GC. However then D is not competing against C and C++ it's competing against almost every other language. The article does not present oil as the only tolerable alternative. Most of the article is about olives and not their oil. So what is it? Just stop using RSA completely or stop rolling your own RSA? The article sends mixed signals on this, I completely understand the latter as bad but I have used the RSA framework within .NET to sign messages before and I don't recall it being hard at all. With libsodium you still have to choose parameters though not that different from other crypto libraries(including .NET) So your plan is to attach an FPGA to the PCIe bus? To allow the FPGA to access peripherals on the Pi side or do you want the FPGA to make the pi a lot more powerful? if you have implemented fsync() to not sync to actual backing storage you have a bug in your design. That is orthogonal to caching the writes in RAM prior. Yes that is excess sugar consumption which the article talks about. I haven't seen any proof that this is the case. Can you link me some papers? don't take this the wrong way. I believe a man would also face significant hurdles to try and get hired after not being in the field for two decades. Honestly on paper such a person has less to offer then a cheaper, younger person who is fresh out of college. I mean If you don't do something for two decades you have forgotten most of it. To attribute your predicament to you being a women seems shortsighted to me. But this is only from the information I gained from reading your post and I don't actually know what experiences you went through. They aren't “math intensive fields”, they are "calculation intensive fields". dragonwriter was obviously being ironic. Meaning he thinks those ARE "math intensive fields". Which they really aren't. This question make no sense in the context of evolution. What do you think it's like pokemon where a species achieves the necessary requirements and suddenly it evolves into a different species? Did you actually try to run the Pi as a desktop replacement? That is what they are advertising. A desktop replacement that is useable for a couple of minutes and then throttles is not something you want. I bet you don't have a lock on your front door either. Besides you need incremental increases to ever be able to reach 100% security. If you shoot every single idea down because it's not 100% secure you will not get anywhere. Really? I think the best way to solve a problem is to code it. I can never see all the corner cases and logical inconsistencies before I start typing. I have tried to formally model software before I start writing it and in the end it was largely a waste of time because real understanding of the problem comes with coding the solution. Of course when doing it like this you write a lot of code which later is unused or bad. But I think that will always happen and it's just a matter of having the discipline to continuously clean up after yourself. If you want to have low quality solutions that kinda work on the first try then sure go for it. Your approach will inevitably lead to insurmountable technical debt that can't be paid off. Big projects should be cut into smaller pieces where each piece can be relatively easily rewritten. Building software is not even remotely the same thing as building a bridge. It would be more akin to the architect creating the drawings twice for the bridge. Once as an exploratory version and the second one the production version. Oh wait that is actually how architects work. In fact at my work we have multiple CAD designers(not architects though) and it's not uncommon for them to completely throw away a design and start over. I think code should be mostly the same. That's my point you CANNOT possibly come up with the right smaller pieces until you have a solution that you have verified works. What do you think other engineering principles do? They create a proof of concept. Verify it works and then create the real thing. That is why "real" engineering companies have hundreds of tools to test stuff. I really don't understand why people want software to be different. You write some shitty throwaway web app then sure go ahead and don't prototype anything just hire a "software architect" that designs something and use that. But do you want something that actually works then that is completely useless. Prototype, verify, start over if necessary. That is the way to write quality software. code is also an abstract model. The CAD designers absolutely test if things work. Why do you think almost every engineering bureau has 3D printers. What do you mean having proven it? As in you tested it and it works or do you mean you have formally using math that your solutions always gives the correct result? If it's the former then this is part of building it. An implementation without proper testing is incomplete. If it's the later I actually agree. Only the most sensitive of applications require that level of sophistication though. Go is not a systems programming language. Rust does fit the bill. Then why does it include a garbage collector? Garbage collection is totally unacceptable for a systems programming language. How have they proven otherwise? I only know of singularity which never went anywhere. It has nothing to do with being the "tall poppy". It has something to do with the public image of the company. Microsoft has created a massive amount of goodwill by doing incredible things for communities. Apple on the other hand is doing one fail after the other and isn't listening to customers. That's why Apple gets the hate. > Lisp machines were sold in the market, before UNIX Workstations won over thanks for being based on source code available at a symbolic price, thus cutting down their hardware costs. And yet despite their early popularity they died of. > ETHZ had their Oberon workstations servicing the complete CS department for around 10 years. I don't consider something running in a CS department as a success. CS department run all kinds of wacky shit. That's basically why they are there. > Midori powered part of Bing during its high time. An OS that runs a single application in the real world. That proves nothing. You haven't convinced me that a production grade OS implemented with a GC can tick every box an OS which doesn't have a GC can tick. On the contrary actually. For all the experimentation that has been done not a single one has actually panned out. The possible programs you can create that have a GC is a subset of all possible programs that can be created without a GC. I have heard of it. I have also heard of this little thing called change. afaik Microsoft hasn't recently done anything like embrace, extend and extinguish. > but, i'll bite - what incredible things for communities have they done? Visual studio code. .NET core. Making visual studio free. WSL, joining the linux foundation, typescript. I could go on... Java real time deployment has nothing to do with whether java can be considered a systems programming language. Why would it? That's a ridiculous conclusion. ANY language can be ran bare metal with enough effort. yes including C. C is a horrible language but it was the best choice back then. Now we have Rust though. Choosing any other language then Rust to greenfield an OS at this point is stupid. We do need faster horses. Especially now since CPUs we are at the cusp of CPUs no longer in speed. No. Designers at my company are also livid that there macboks keep breaking after a couple months of use. I wonder if they will still like them once half their machines no longer have functioning keyboards. An article about bad programmers by someone who is so bad that he can't handle putting up simple static text on a web page sanely is wildly relevant. > Thankfully Ford thought otherwise. Implying a language with a GC can go 10x as fast as a language without one. What are you smoking man I want some of that stuff. Yes those were the last generation were the keyboards are fine. No one uses computers older then 3 years here so we have large issues with having to send back macbooks multiple times a year. I generally judge a company on what they have done recently not what they did 4 years ago. only Rust at this time. Which macbooks do they have? 13 inch ones? That's not true. God doesn't imply he wants you to behave a certain way. Most religions work that way but a God which simply created the universe and doesn't care what humanity is doing is a possibility. Not equally authoritarian maybe. I don't think the US would have any more qualms about backdooring CPUs then China would have. eMMC is not at all better then SD card though. You really need a real SSD for industrial applications. What do you most people use their computer for? Web browsing, word. Maybe some foto or video editing. With the exception of word all of these things MASSIVELY gain from having lots of cores. Not sure where the myth that most people have single threaded workloads comes from because it's not true at all at this time. What? A war. What the actual fuck. How about you just wouldn't be salty about what other people think about cartoon drawings. What he wrote wasn't anything official like a eulogy. It was a hackernews post. God forbid someone writes an opinion in one those... 99% of single threaded industry software doesn't need more power. That's why all of these cheap office pc have i3 processors that are years old. Single threaded performance has only one real advantage at this time and that is gaming. I think multi threading performance is way more important in the real world. He didn't challenge anyone. If you express your opinion "Emacs is without a doubt the best editor" in some other context related to Emacs then you aren't challenging anyone. You are simply expressing an opinion. Opinions don't have to be challenged. I read hundreds of opinions every day and guess what: some of them I don't agree with. That doesn't mean they are declarations of war or anything of the sort. It also doesn't mean I have to fight that opinion. The vast majority of all opinions are stated as a factual claim. Especially in an informal settings like you know a hackernews thread. An opinion that deprecates something else is just a subset of all opinions. It doesn't deserve special care. > All specific opinions are subsets of all opinions. Yes and? why repeat something obvious. > Deprecating something is not a challenge if it is presented as subjective. It is the combination of deprecation and statement as fact (e.g. "without a doubt") that is confrontational. And confrontational opinions are perfectly acceptable in the correct context. My claim is that a context where any disagreement breaks social conventions is the wrong context. An opinion itself can never be confrontational. It's a person that takes it as a confrontation. Just like offense is taken not given. > But an expression of an opinion can be. If I say "I am 100% certain that [thing I like] is better than [thing you like]", that is a challenge to you. That's not a challenge. It's childish to feel challenged when someone else has a differing opinion. I can't even fathom going through life seeing everything somebody else likes as a thread to something I like. There is no argument. That's what you are missing. Someone expressing his opinion is not equal to starting an argument, in any context. Starting the argument is the person who actually starts the argumentation process. Then he should really know better. Not sure why you think the sentence you have written is even an argument. Yes! Unintentionally. Of course they are doing it. Youtube's content policy is so laughably bad that they probably have no choice but to take their own interpretation and use that. Most youtube creators have no money to spend on lawsuits with big corporate entities. Of course that counts. Why wouldn't that count. Not the entire internet is TCP/IP. Definitely not C. It's way to quirky to teach as a first programming language. similar things have been possible for years with C# in visual studio where you can deploy to azure with the click of a single button if you want to. What stops the government from just saying I want to target every single specific person that uses your app? Facebook and twitter are pure waste. Google is 90% waste. Google should just be a search engine and live on donations like Wikipedia. Fitting name. Just as a datapoint. I'm running Linux on the Surface Pro and outside some initial tweaking it runs great. It's not so difficult. It's just covariance and contravariance. C# has long solved this issue. https://docs.microsoft.com/en-us/dotnet/csharp/programming-g... 14.05% Is FUCKING GREAT considering they make their money over the misery of people. It's actually a disgrace that the profit margin is anything over 2%. I don't agree at all. No profit should be had for developing medicine. You deserve a nice salary for your work but no profit should be made by the company. Don't hate the player hate the game. The consumer didn't choose to have greedy companies that like to make a quick bug over someones suffering. What? A person being sick only exists because of "greedy companies"? Are you on drugs or something? The problem is the refusal of hollywood to release true 60fps content. I'd take a 60fps version of a movie any day over 24 or 30 fps. Not sure how that is relevant to this discussion. That earnings release was before the current CPU lineup was released. Why? Seriously. This sounds as crazy to me as someone saying: "I, for one, don't want to watch movies that aren't 320p." Because they are not really "code". Just like I don't consider someone making cookies from ready cookie dough a baker. There are no unrelated people if that is the ask of the government. What would "usually" require a warrant? What's your point? Outhouses are still alive and well as well. Doesn't mean modern sanitation is vastly superior. Not sure what that has to do with this discussion. forecast are just that forecasts. They are irrelevant once real data has come out. I don't doubt rational people choose limited tech in specific circumstances. I doubt rational people choose limited tech in all circumstances. What would you think about someone that only wants to see black and white photography and won't even take a look at full color photographs? Yes each of those websites still use PHP under the hood. But by that argument each of those websites can be counted as using C as well. As well as machine code. It has nothing to do with the code being spaghetti or not. It's about a level of abstraction where I no longer consider something made with wordpress as something created with PHP. The PHP was allready created and then someone just clicked a few menus to choose what existing PHP he or she wanted. The more fitting category would be just calling such websites "Wordpress" websites and not PHP websites. I wouldn't consider it python code if it is a cookie cutter website where the creator didn't have to write a single line of python. It's not about deployment it's about the process of creation. Why don't you consider each and every website running PHP also a C website? > So if I got someone else to press the deploy button in bitbucket, it suddenly isn't python code? That doesn't make sense does it? You completely ignored the most important sentence in my comment which addresses this. > The web site/app logic is written in PHP, not C. The runtime for the vast majority of PHP deployments happens to be written in C. The logic is written in PHP just as much as it is written in C. The logic is actually written in the language the creator used. Which is the wordpress UI. Why? Every single time I see 60fps content it feels like higher quality then standard. Where do film people scream about higher framerates? I know at least that James Cameron want to move to 60 [1]. [1] https://www.cinemablend.com/new/James-Cameron-Still-Making-T... Indeed, fertility rates can change rapidly. However it's foolish to simply claim it can change so it will. If the current trend continues the Japanese people and culture will be lost to time. This is simply not true. I often it "raw" meat without adding salt or any sauce. There are some meats which taste pretty to close to nothing but this isn't even close to the case for most meats. Something tasting better is not the same thing as the original tasting like nothing. Meat with good seasoning tastes better then no seasoning but that has absolutely nothing to do with you claiming meat tastes like nothing. NixOS + i3 on surface pro. Couldn't really ask for a more convenient device really.