FYI: Big Ball of Mud has two meanings. The one author uses and Lisp meaning. "APL is like a beautiful diamond - flawless, beautifully symmetrical. But you can't add anything to it. If you try to glue on another diamond, you don't get a bigger diamond. Lisp is like a ball of mud. Add more and it's still a ball of mud - it still looks like Lisp." - unknown (alternatively Lisp is bean bag because it always returns to its original shape) He uses big ball of mud is a software system that lacks a perceivable architecture. Lisp BBoM is not lacking architecture. In the Lisp use of the term it means that you can extend the system incredibly without losing the "Lispiness". It looks and feels the same after extensions (if those extensions are done right). In Lisp building complex framework don't suddenly turn your programming xml-file configuration and annotating for code generators. This infographic gets metric prefix wrong. Kilobyte 1000 bytes, symbol: kB Kilobyte (kibibyte) for 1024 bytes, symbol: KB or KiB Same for all other prefixes. Kafkaesque. https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Kafkaesque#Legacy I think this might be good time to mention HiBase and Shades projects and related research for data structures and functional programming environments. http://www.cs.hut.fi/~siva/hibase/ HiBase was project funded by Nokia. The Goal was to develop a persistent functional programming environment with for telecom environments. The reason why it was functional was the observation that in functional programming environment you can model data as graph where references point only backwards in time. In other words, if you just constantly write your data into the database and have smart GC, you can recover very fast from crashes. Just like telecom environment likes it. The project was canceled, some say for reasons to do with internal company politics, but it showed huge promise. It was already 10X faster than competing commercial databases that were tweaked by their developers to perform well in testing. The author argues that when string processing becomes complicated, it does not matter and incorrect results are usually OK. Everybody knows about Bobby Tables? How about Mr. เจ้าพระยาบดินทรเดชา Unicode? What if somebody told you that if certain exotic names are entered into the system by certain input method, government officials can't find those people in their searches, including full text search to a police report? Progressives? Did you know that Friedrich Hayek and Milton Friedman supported the idea? Negative income tax is one way to implement basic income. There are others. Because they are not the same concept. Universal Artificial Intelligence is not same as Human Level Artificial intelligence. There is no reason to assume that human intelligence is universal. Or intelligence is biased towards picking berries and avoiding bears in three dimensional world. I find the argument for minerals to be off at least few orders of magnitudes financially, >"The Moon is full of resources - mainly rare earth elements, titanium, and uranium, which the Earth is really short of, and these resources can be used without limitation. Titanium is ninth-most abundant element in the Earth's crust. Normal soil contains 0.5% - 1.5% titanium. All we need is energy for the process of separating them. Rare earth elements are expensive but not so expensive that we need to go to the moon. After we have used all conventional mines for rare earth, we can get them from the bottom of the sea more economically (see for example: http://www.nature.com/news/2011/110703/full/news.2011.393.ht... ) Uranium would be incredibly expensive if it would be mined on the moon. In theory HE3 mining could be viable, unless investments in deuterium+tritium fusion reactor that would produce HE3 for helium reactors is better investment. Even then, building separate deuterium-tritium fusion reactors that produce He3 for He-He fusion reactors could be more financially sound idea. >country with stark poverty for most of its rural majority is a sign of China's tyrannical government China lifted more than 600 million people out of poverty between 1981 and 2004. The ongoing Chinese urbanization effort is massive. From 2010 to 2025, 300 million Chinese (little less than US population) now living in rural areas will move into cities. China has tyrannical government, but it's not incompetent like it was during the Mao era. They know that they can keep the power only as long as they keep making things better for majority of people. If they fuck up, no security apparatus can keep people from toppling them. China must ensure that China has the energy needed to reduce poverty and increase living standards. The great sucking noise in Africa is part of that, so is the conflict in the China Sea. If they look for the Moon for resources, that's not surprising. Was your intention to compare gold and DOW as investments for long term? In that case you should ask question: "What is the price of Dow Jones Industrial Average dividends reinvested in ounces of gold?" In long term, the majority of value in stock markets comes from dividends. That does not show in stock price graphs. This is how lazy Haskell programmers solve every problem. I don't understand the challenge part. Why don't people with bad hearing go nuts in normal quiet rooms if not hearing anything is so challenging? If Bitcoin drops to around $200, it's just following long term exponential growth trend with of booms and corrections. If Bitcoin drops much below $100 we can talk about crash. Many parts with Oberon system would have been perfect for passing code around in the the Internet. The one pass compiler, for example, was lightening fast and compact. I think Oberon system is worth of study. Either they are going to be autonomous or this will be very expensive delivery system. One man attending one package delivery for 20-30 minutes will not do. If they have human involvement, it's just checking the drop point. In any case, it will be extremely low paid job. London suffered from bad smogs almost century before they did anything to them. Great Smog was just one incident. sci-fi? It's more like reminder from the history. Rapid industrialization and increase in living standards seems to follow familiar pattern. Great Smog of London documentary https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Vkx-2mT1-q4 Investment idea: Companies that manufacture sulfur dioxide scrubbers for coal plants. The way 80% of real real world (non academic) data mining problems are solved: 1. Feature selection. 2. intelligent data massage. Real world data has usually noise that humans can easily identify as irrelevant or erroneous. 3. logit regression. Starting with simple, well understood algorithms first should be the second lesson after knowing about validation sets. In those cases where they are not enough, they set the baseline for comparison against other algorithms. Average income, average net wealth and now average inheritance. I'm sure that numerically literate HN readers understand why these numbers are misleading. Especially when you use them to compare America to other countries. Arithmetic mean does not give you look into life of average American. Median should be used instead. You are assuming that English and international use of the term democracy was developed by American and for America. That's not the case. The evolution of the use of the word happened in England and France. Frenchman Marquis d’Argenson (1694-1757) was first to define representative democracy in the way it's used today. Using coding examples like conditional compilation is not right abstraction for programmers to understand how genes compute. GRN is. https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Gene_regulatory_network https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Gene_regulatory_network#Modell... GRN can be modeled using different levels of abstraction and accuracy as boolean network , recurrent neural network or as stochastic gene networks. In other words, they are capable of complex computations, but computational model looks more like neural network or stochastic network. The way OO is used in real world, classes encapsulate spaghetti code into smaller chunks. It has been reasonably successful, but good module system can do the same thing. Personally, I like the Alan Kay's definition: >OOP to me means only messaging, local retention and protection and hiding of state-process, and extreme late-binding of all things. It can be done in Smalltalk and in LISP. There are possibly other systems in which this is possible, but I'm not aware of them. http://userpage.fu-berlin.de/~ram/pub/pub_jf47ht81Ht/doc_kay... If? Correct me if I'm wrong, but Snowden has not published anything really critical about NSA surveillance on China, Russia, Iran, etc. His risk/reward calculation seems to be on line with mine. Of course his leaks do some damage to U.S. foreign policy, but that's acceptable collateral damage. His leaks help to shape the power balance between government and citizens in liberal democracies. Even if he was doing sabotage. It would be morally acceptable in his case. Systematic surveillance in this scale changes power balance between government and citizens very fundamental way. Please provide exact document where he reveals documents about spying China, Russia etc. that are not linked to domestic spying. >At this point, he is a spy from every angle you look at it. Remember that not even U.S. government is not charging him from being a spy. First thing that comes to mind is cheap optical sensors. I think you can even use small laser/ir led and detect the reflected light because distances are so short. If you want to detect direction with single sensor, you might want to use optical modulator (rotating reticle) just like many IR guided missiles do. Maybe the reticle could even be tiny rotating rotor powered by the air. Tactics should be same as real missiles have. Approach others from below if possible so that signals from ground can't mess the signal. Calibrate against sky before flight. You should also make sure that the plane does not chase sun or moon. Oracle is not the villain. Oracle is irrelevant. MySQL has new name: MariaDB https://mariadb.org/ It's developed by many of the original authors of MySQL. You should use optical filters if possible to filter unwanted wavelengths and receiver should have relatively narrow field of view. The main goal would be to detect difference from the background. Rotating reticle would be really good idea if you can make it work mechanically. You would need only one light sensor to detect direction if you use reticle. See: http://wiki.scramble.nl/index.php/Sidewinder_article#Reticle Simple C type reticle would be enough to separate target from the background and find out the direction of the target. You are using reddit wrong. You don't have to use Reddit in default setting. Unsubscribe from everything and then select those subreddits that are nice. You don't have to look at comments if you don't like their contents. There are several nice and tightly moderated reddits that are great. For example /r/askhistorians and /r/askscience and several others. I have a question. Can government issue gag order to security firm doing audit and prevent them from releasing backdoors or intentional weaknesses they discover? It's called formula 1 for a reason. No rules would lead to dull competitions and bankruptcies. There has been times with less rules and it does not work. 1. Cars would be clued to the road with massive downforce and it would look like they are on track in turns. Very boring races without overtakes. Races would be determined in time trials. 2. Building competitive car would be even more expensive than it is now. There would be only few competitive teams, some years maybe only one. 3. Several teams would eventually drop out because racing would be too expensive. This is not sarcasm. These are still problems with F1. The reason why these rules are needed is because F1 racing has been in the constant "getting out of hand" state since 80's. Some races from the ground effect era 1977 to 1982 were ridiculous. Wing-profiled sidepods sealed to the ground by sliding lexan skirts. It took gigantic amount of rules changes to cover all loopholes. Learning something that takes time should be seen as investment. If you invest your time and effort, you want to know that your investment pays dividends in the future. I feel that Emacs is one of those tools where my investment is safe and the code I write to ~/.emacs produces huge value over several decades. It's not going away. Development community is so big that it supports all new stuff that comes along. May I present one of the greatest math books for general audience: Mathematics: Its Content, Methods and Meaning by A. D. Aleksandrov, A. N. Kolmogorov, M. A. Lavrent’ev. http://www.amazon.com/Mathematics-Its-Content-Methods-Meanin... Math books rarely move from the Soviet Union to west, but this did and for really good reason. Just look at the list of writers included. So far I have not seen any math books that come even close to this. Reading this book together with the The Princeton Companion to Mathematics was real treat. The Princeton Companion is more like encyclopedia. Main part of the book is articles describing 100 or so mathematical concepts in alphabetical orders. Then it has articles describing major mathematical problems. Hyperinflation can only occur in cases where debt is in foreign currencies. For example the German hyperinflation was started by "London ultimatum" that demanded reparations in gold or foreign currency. >I also often want less noise--ie no parentheses. You have not reached Lisp enlightenment yet. Because you use Emacs, you can get shortcut to enlightenment by choosing color for parentheses that almost hides them to the background. US spied French aerospace industry in 90's and there is no indication that they won't do it every time they feel US might get advantage from it. A/B testing is not the correct way to test what is objectively better. As we can read from here, people often have personal preferences to what they are used to and think are best. Unfortunately what people think is best is not necessarily same as what is objectively best for them. If you put people into usability lab and test their reading speed and reading understanding with different text sizes etc. you get more objective results (that mostly agree with the OP as far as I can remember). Here is good overview of the research: How physical text layout affects reading from screen. http://images3.wikia.nocookie.net/__cb20060729105544/psychol... This article has no mention of bioaccumulation. Pacific Ocean is so large that it can dilute huge amount of radioactivity, but bioaccumulation changes the story. Without estimates how well these leaks bioaccumulate, the whole article is useless. Humans are at the top of the food chain in the sea and overfishing and exploiting sea life close to it's maximum capacity. In Chernobyl, most of the radioactivity fell into the forests, mostly away from human food chain (there are still recommendations to not eat too much berries, mushrooms etc. in many areas). The Pacific is 100% in human food chain. If by sometimes you mean hypothetically. Still, we don't need to make torture legal. But I bite. Let's say that thing you describe happens. People who torture should still get hard sentences, say 20 to 25 years. If they are not willing to sacrifice their own life and break the law to get the information, the torture is not justified. In other words: torture should always be big personal sacrifice for the torturer. Why not both? ghc compiler in Haskell has -fdefer-type-errors flag. SBCL Common Lisp implementation has option to turn type warnings into errors. Extending -fdefer-type-errors function and creating better type checker for dynamic languages could achieve best of both worlds. You can do those things that are easy to do statically at development/testing time and those thing that are easy to do dynamically in runtime. Some things like overloading based on return values don't work dynamically, but you could either choose to not have them or resolve them in development time. I would like to see languages where dynamic vs. static is continuum and programmers can determine how much they need want case by case basis. UTF-8 is usually good enough in disk. I would like to have at least two options in memory: utf-8 and vector of displayed characters (there's many combinations in use in existing modern languages with no single-character representations in UTF- ). Yes. If I want to work with language and do some stringology, that's what I want. I might want to swap some characters, find length of words etc. To have vector of characters (as what humans consider characters) is valuable. So are you saying that discrete diffusion simulation does not model economics in any meaningful sense? Tom Perkins is over 80 years old and it could be his age. He might also reveal the true sentiment in his social circle. Living in a bubble is interesting thing. Being on the News Corp. board, consuming News Corp. owned media and then writing an opinion in News Corp owned magazine. Wage's share of GDP have been in decline in all OECD countries since mid 70's. U.S. is just leading the way. When you cut the pie into different size pieces and one gets more than before and one gets less, causality is trivial. Anyone who wants to do fastest possible floating point arithmetic with graphics card. Also, if the memory, disk access, or IO-troughtput is the bottleneck with number crunching, single floats might give huge advantage. Something to read: Hierarchical Bayesian Modeling of Human Decision-Making Using Wiener Diffusion http://gandalf.psych.umn.edu/users/schrater/schrater_lab/cou... Decision Theory and Human Behavior http://www.umass.edu/preferen/Class%20Material/Bounds%20of%2... Beyond Accuracy: How Models of Decision Making Compare to Human Decision Making http://fileadmin.cs.lth.se/cs/Personal/Carl_Christian_Rolf/c... Forgetful Bayes and myopic planning: Human learning and decision-making in a bandit setting http://papers.nips.cc/paper/5180-forgetful-bayes-and-myopic-... >Our result shows that subjects’ choices, on a trial-to- trial basis, are best captured by a “forgetful” Bayesian iterative learning model [21] in combination with a partially myopic decision policy known as Knowledge Gradient [7]. But is worse really better? http://dreamsongs.com/Files/IsWorseReallyBetter.pdf He uses emotional and ethical arguments without any specifics nor plan: "Something must be done." Some perspective. We created crisis where children die in large numbers in Iraq by toppling Saddam. Situation of children in Iraq 'a neglected crisis' http://www.bbc.co.uk/news/world-middle-east-22366451 We are not killing them but we created the environment where they die. "Misuse" of koans has long history. After Zen master Yuanwu's Blue Cliff Records - collection of 100 classical koans with his commentary verses - started to spread around, his successor Dahui noticed how monks and laypeople treated the collection as intellectual and artistic work (Yuanwu Keqin wrote and spoke very beautifully, so they do have artistic value) and burned all copies he could find. The original use of koan is to be meditation aid (huatou-method, koan practice) not subject of philosophical inquiry. ps. The original MIT AI lab koans are more clever than these ESR ones. http://groups.csail.mit.edu/mac/users/dae/notes/ai-koans Tapping undersea cable is very small scale operation compared to mass surveillance. You can't install massive server rooms into undersea submarines. "We were not out to win over the Lisp programmers; we were after the C++ programmers. We managed to drag a lot of them about halfway to Lisp." - Guy Steele, Java spec co-author This is more like using suggestion to enable relaxation. Mathematicians stand on each other's shoulders .. while computer scientists stand on each other's toes .. and computer engineers dig each other's graves. I use Truerypt and Dropbox. They play well together. ps. I have repeatedly encountered people who falsely assume that Truecrypt does not allow incremental backups with Dropbox. The thinking behind this seems to be assumption cipher-block chaining (CBC) is used. Truecrypt uses XTS mode. This is bipartisan issue. If Bush&Cheney administration goes down, so goes Clinton&Gore. Either everyone protects everyone else, or all go down together. The CIA was granted permission to use extraordinary rendition (torture flights) in a presidential directive signed by Bill Clinton in 1995. The practize was started by George H. W. Bush in 1993. >The government and the Federal Reserve (yes, they are two distinct entities — not part of the same) have perverted the definition of something This system is not internal to US. Most countries have more or less independent federal bank and similar system. >Whatever money may be, ultimately, it is supposed to act as a store of value for your labor, ingenuity and good fortune. This is outdated idea and source of much confusion. Yes, money should act as reasonable store of value in short term. Money should not have store of value property that is better than alternatives. It should never be good investment. Money should be the most liquid asset, unit of account and medium of exchange before being long time store of value. Because contracts (including wages) are defied using money as unit of account, small inflation forces constant renegotiation of contracts. It's fluid in the gears of the economy. Store your value elsewhere. It's easy. Money is just an asset. Theoretically, you can define money as the most liquid asset. Transition from money to other assets is fluid (different M's) based on them being money-like and there is nothing confusing in it unless you falsely assume that money should have some kind of magic substance that other assets don't have. Your car can be more money-like if you turn it into financial instrument by taking a loan against it. We are not special. Money has been very unpredictable entity in history. In the past, economic thinking was not that developed. There were no alternatives. Historical fluctuations in inflation: https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/File:US_Historical_Inflation_A... Historical interest rates: http://i.imgur.com/i0xit0K.png More important than store, is predictability. If you know it's going to be 1-5% inflation next 20 years with high probability, life is much easier to plan than if there is high change of huge deflations or inflations. The main benefit of the fiat money is that it follows the economy and not the other way around. USD is what it is because US economy. 30-year bonds have yield 3.58% and it tells us much about how markets see the future of U.S economy and inflation. Many circuit design tools have the ability to use either visual circuit diagrams or VHDL. Visual diagrams are useful in many cases, just like UML diagrams, but using only them would be pain in the ass. No. It would just mean that you are a God. I mean, if there would be God and he would want to prove that he really is all powerful, he would have to be able to pull that kind of trick to convince me. Why should YC be involved in areas where it has no experience? The money YC gives is minimal, so the main benefit for YC involvement is experience. If YC has nobody who has expert knowledge in biotech, it would be waste of everyones time to get involved. Another thing is money. Most science startups need more than just people with PhD's willing to live with ramens. They need lab equipment, samples etc that cost tens and hundreds of thousands dollars. Providing cloud computing services is bulk business where the economies of scale is important Google is itself cloud computing company. When they sell resources to others, it's way to become bigger and reduce cost margins for the platform they are using for themselves. As long as there are people who pay more for the Google cloud service than Google's own usage is worth, selling to others reduces the overall costs of computing for Google. Double pricing is the problem. If consumer pays for 100Mb connection, ISP should provide that connection. Just like Netfilx pays for their connection and bandwidth. ISPs want to charge double. First from the customer, then from the Netflix again for the same traffic. We want to use classes because we want to want to be able to invoke an operation and have the exact behavior determined by the type of the object or objects on which the operation was invoked. Common Lisp philosophy of classes and OO fits the thicketness of the real world better. Generic functions, multimethods, mixings etc. Just embracing the notion that classes and encapsulation might be orthogonal issue opens up the way to use class system better ways. > Educate me. What terrible outcome is expected from this?" The information discrepancy between people and companies. The ability to make good deals means that your opponent does not already know what you are willing to pay. With immersion and VR there will be possibility to predict the mental state of person below 500 milliseconds. It will get us into the realm where companies can influence unconscious decision making much better than before. VR and it's immersion will allow companies to really surround us with control in the level that Web or ads in TV can't. Accurate knowledge of the impulse control limitations of the consumer will be huge. When is he tired, distracted or stressed or his general alertness level is down. Quick, show him/her ad he/she has no will power to refuse just now. Marketing people always remind us that you can't create needs with advertising. But you can attach needs to products and services and create culture where needs are satisfied with products. Detect need for spirituality or inner reflection, woo the consumer with serene images. Detect loneliness, immediately show something that looks like human connection with price. Too bad that Ted Nelson has shut down all attempts of hackers to create working software that uses ZigZag data structures. It is a sad story. It is an infuriating story. http://lambda-the-ultimate.org/node/233#comment-1715 http://www.nongnu.org/gzz/ high levels of fluoride <> fluoride added to water. Recommended upper levels of fluoride are If you are American living in the west coast and use water from your own well, you might want to check your fluoride levels. Excess fluoride is removed from tap water in US. I always wondered how one of the best professional poker players in the world would be so big degen that he would routinely throw away hundreds of thousands in card games where he could not win. This and the Crockfords Casino incident make his behavior more understandable. It seems that he did not really cheat, , he just exploited flaws. It does not matter. "Basically the change in track density and the related changes in the storage medium have created a situation where the acts of clearing and purging the media have converged. That is, for ATA disk drives manufactured after 2001 (over 15 GB) clearing by overwriting the media once is adequate to protect the media from both keyboard and laboratory attack." http://csrc.nist.gov/publications/nistpubs/800-88/NISTSP800-... If somebody knows disc recovery firm that claims the ability to rescue data from modern hdd after dd if=/dev/zero of=/dev/sda bs=1M let me know. Don't forget secure erase command. It clears even hidden data areas: hdparm --security-erase Eins /dev/sda Norvig's Law in action. Nokia as phone manufacturer is gone. Nokia the company still exists. It owns the Nokia brand and has massive mobile patent portfolio (only licensed to Microsoft). Nokia is made of NSN (Nokia Solutions and Networks), maps and The Nokia Research Center. Nokia is prohibited from using the brand to sell mobile phones for few years (ending 2018). It's completely possible that they come up with new gadgets or even phones with Nokia name. Not any more. Those parts of Nokia Keiretsu that once was exist today as independent companies. http://www.nokiantyres.com/ http://www.nokiantires.com/ http://nokianjalkineet.fi/en/ http://www.nokianfootwear.com/ Nokia Cable is now http://www.nkcommunications.com Remember the Burning Platform letter from Elop that killed remaining Symbian sales for Nokia? Elop likened Nokia/Symbian to burning oil platform and argued that Nokia must jump from the platform to be saved. Jolla http://jolla.com/ was founded soon afterwards by people who left Nokia. The name Jolla means dinghy, skiff or lifeboat in Finnish. One of the biggest mistakes was American style stock options in Nokia and the way it was implemented (to make the VP level management rich and leave others with nothing). What do ambitious people grown in Nordic culture do when they become rich and financially independent? They either leave to start their own business or pursue other interests with passion. Those who did stay were not the cream of the crop and lost their ambition. Ownership of big Finnish companies formed Keiretsu type arrangement until the beginning of the 80's. Finland had two big banks, SYP and KOP, and they formed two camps that cross owned large sectors of Finnish business. Nokia was mostly in the SYP camp. SYP owned directly 20% of Nokia and even more trough it's insurance companies and other investors. "When 36 years old your code is, look as good it will not ehh." see also: https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Project_Cybersyn Somebody correct me if I'm wrong, but Google cars still can't drive in the rain or in the snow. Not even on a wet street. They have driven all those thousand miles in Mountain View, Calif. in good weather. Generally lidar's don't work well with rain or reflective surfaces. Finland has had this since 2012. It really helps small companies who develop gis and map applications as well as hobbyists. http://www.maanmittauslaitos.fi/en/opendata http://www.maanmittauslaitos.fi/en/opendata/list-of-the-digi... So people who use incognito mode don't benefit much? The problem with this proposal is that there is single central (but non-centralized) counterparty risk. If the market grows big, there will be huge monetary incentives to try to find weaknesses in the system and find to collude. I would like to see non-centralized single market that has protocol for multiple transparent brokers that compete with fees and have their reputation there for everyone to see and judge any way they want. This way the risk of large bets could be divided between brokers. Broker would be just identity and the 'implementation' could be single individual (anonymous or not), multiple individuals (broker syndicate) who would vote among themselves and manage their membership. Ability to attach decentralized algorithms as brokers should be also possible if taken into account when designing the protocols. This is well written argument, but there is one big difference between China now and Japan then. China is still going through urbanization in unprecedented scale. About half of the Chinese live in cities now. By 2030, cities will be home to 70 per cent of China’s population and generate 75 per cent of its GDP. There will be 200 million Chinese moving into cities in next few decades. China can be close to where Japan is now in the 2040 banking crisis. For now, even massive crisis just delays the inevitable increase in demand that eats away all mistakes in fiscal and monetary policy. http://insights.som.yale.edu/insights/what-should-we-underst... http://www.cn.undp.org/content/china/en/home/presscenter/pre... http://www.cn.undp.org/content/china/en/home/presscenter/pre... There will be #2, but coming banking crisis will be temporary, not decades long zombie slump like in already developed and urbanized Japan. LIDAR does not work in rain, on wet roads or in the snow. Google car drives only in good weather in California for a reason. In Sweden they could drive maybe a week in a year. ... Sommaren är kort de mesta regnar bort .. They both have same roots, the :keyword syntax comes from Common Lisp and others: From Matz (creator of Ruby): Ruby is a language designed in the following steps: * take a simple lisp language (like one prior to CL). * remove macros, s-expression. * add simple object system (much simpler than CLOS). * add blocks, inspired by higher order functions. * add methods found in Smalltalk. * add functionality found in Perl (in OO way). So, Ruby was a Lisp originally, in theory. Let's call it MatzLisp from now on. ;-) There is nothing else that gets the accuracy Google needs. Sensors are currently unsolved problem. Multi wavelength radars don't yet have the accuracy and they don't work well with nonmetallic objects (There is limit of how much radar can use power (safely) and how expensive it can be. What works for F-22 don't work for Google) Google is not planning to monetize this technology anytime soon, despite the hype. The difference between crude human/animal intelligence and top notch AI-research is still huge. If people would need the accuracy that Google's car needs to move reliably and do split second decisions, we could never leave our house. We operate using just two cameras and accelerometers. The clear picture and spatial recognition is done using top notch heuristics in the unconscious. With self driving car it's the opposite. They need millions of very accurate distance measurements per second to drive. Driving like Google car does with cameras only is not happening yet. Brendan Eich was hired to Netscape to "put Scheme in the browser", he ended up with Javascript. see also: https://mxr.mozilla.org/mozilla/source/js2/semantics/ LIDAR Google uses takes more than a million measurements per second and has ~11 cm resolution. 360 degree 3d map of its surroundings. http://i.imgur.com/hmSc9HJ.jpg