"Moreover, you're forced to write artificially short routines, routines of a length that research has shown to have a higher defect ratio" [citation needed] So far I've only seen advice to write shorter routines. Oh, no, no more ads please. I will gladly pay just not to have something taking the real estate of my screen and trying to interrupt. I am with 37signals take on this: asking money for your work IS ok! http://www.37signals.com/svn/posts/1615-how-did-the-web-lose... And before jumping either to CSS hacks or CC remember that often there are ways to avoid hacks altogether. As Andy Budd once told at his talk at @media conference in London it is so sad that too many webdevs think that CSS hacks is the normal way to do things. They are not. Instead of thinking "what hack shoul I use to fix it?" one should first think "how can I rework it to fix it in IE without hacks?". When there are no hacks there is no problem of "where do I put my hacks in?" to solve. I think I have used only one hack: _width to solve broken box model in IE5 (which is no longer relevant. And I don't count setting display: inline on float to avoid double margin bug in IE6 as a hack.) I just wonder how many 5 years business plans written in 2007 had "the global financial crisis" item in them. So much of planning. Flying with your eyes covered by a paper with some wishful thinking on it isn't any better. What? Some random guys put nonsense like "37 signals is not committed blah blah blah" and 37signals should be polite with those bastards? And in case you missed the news, 37signals' main income is not ads on their blog, they have pretty successful web app business. Posting that for "generating page views" sounds ridiculous if you know at least a bit about the company which posted it. For startes GetSatisfaction accused 37s of not caring for their customers. Publicly. I think it takes a malicious amount of ignorance to come up with the text they did. And this is hardly an open letter, reads more like PR spin. I think they've missed "Internet Explorer 8.1 leaked": http://www.smashingmagazine.com/2009/03/31/breaking-internet... Though technically that would be March 31st fools… Far from it. Daring Fireball—best writing abbout all things Apple you can find on the net. When I see DF post marked with a star in my RSS reader I know that high quality read waits for me, with some work, thought and insight put into it. Or maybe I am just a DF fanboy… Speed is very important. However: how much time does server spend running your Ruby code? I think I saw somewhere it is about 5% of the request time. There is DB, network latency, all the client side cruft (twitter did not get even assets caching right yet). Article says they are leaving Ruby in place for the front end, so most likely they do understand where bottleneck is, and where it has nothing to do with a language. I just hope that other won't jump to porting their code without understanding the reasons. It should be pretty embarrassing to spend six month porting the codebase just to find out that reducing time server spends in your app code from 5% to 1% did not impact the overall speed of your site. It would be interesting to see more details about those queue processing problems they have though. Because acting this way assures that the problem will be noticed and acted upon. Private letter would achieve nothing at worst and maybe some tweaks to 37signals page on GS at best. Customers of the other companies would get the same confusing message making it easy to take GS pages as official support. As you can see I don't believe in GetSatissfaction "mistakes". All the design decisions (which eventually led to the trouble with 37s) they took look very logical. The same way why ease of use of something makes that something better (or more pleasant to work with). You can also try free http://www.virtualbox.org/ from Sun. Once again I am glad that Apple does not do what it supposedly "should" do. Current design has some advantages: namely your controls are always more or less in the same place. You don't have to reach in your pockets, grab around yourself looking where did you clip that damn shuffle — just grab the wire and you are done. Proposed design has more flaws than advantages, not to mention the cost of such interface. One guy named Steve Jobs once said, that design is not how it looks but how it works. He had a point. Funny you mention performance headaches that Ruby on Rails has. Someone actually benchmarked PHP frameworks against Ruby frameworks, and guess which were faster? Video is here: http://www.merbcamp.com/video/katz3.mp4 Slides are here: http://www.slideshare.net/wycats/merb-camp-keynote-presentat... They do not. CSS is for presentation, and presentation usually differs from site to site. That means that you either have to tweak a lot, in which case using framework does not make much sense, or you have a lot of unused code in your CSS which makes the "maintainability" point moot. In my view CSS frameworks are the crutch for CSS challenged (as WYSIWYG HTML editors are for code challenged) and should be avoided. I also have no idea how the word "Semantically" made its way to the title. So far from I have seen CSS frameworks add very little to the semantics, take more away, and are very likely to induce an acute case of clssitis to you HTML code. Not to mention "CSS reset" which I think was stupid idea from the very beginning. I am not talking about innovation. I am just saying that you dont need a framework for two column layout. Who talks about cutting edge? The simpler you design is, the more overhead you get from using a framework. I did like both books by Cederholm, so I also recommend Web Standards Solutions: The Markup and Style Handbook Interesting, Apple reports "almost" 29 billion in cash and best non-holidays quarter results in company's history. During the worst economic downturns in decades. The horror. How can you call images in that presentation porn? I might be offended by the word "bread". Is this my problem or anyone's using that word? One cannot please everyone, and there is no need to feel sorry _every_ time you fail at that. Remember infamous Danish cartoons? Do you think cartoonist had to apologize? Boy, did he offend someone… My point was, if someone is offended by that presentation, he (and I mean he ) should have his head examined. There are people that can be offended by most ridiculous things and I am not going to consider myself responsible for all their quirks. Too much fear to offend someone just dumbs us down, makes daring thing less likely (I think it has to be someone with DHH kind of personality to create RoR) and generally leads to kind of lukewarm relationships, hypocrisy and "thermal death" of society. I am all for solving real problems, not imaginary ones. I have seen quite a few women in IT, and it did not look like they had any problems with it (suffice to say one was the head of the whole IT organization I was working for, other three - heads of departments). All were judged by the competence, not their sex. It is interesting to see that the mere idea that _maybe_, just _maybe_ women in general are not inclined for this type of work (hint: dealing with abstractions, not real people and relations) is instantly rubber-stamped as sexist. I am going to stretch it here, but why isn't anyone fighting to right the underrepresentation of males among persons giving birth? And I don't buy the reality of some "feelings" that are so much on display in this case. Well, if fully dressed women make you uncomfortable, I cannot help there. I think he even had a post about how passphrase is better than a password. But I may be mistaken and I am just to lazy at the moment to search for it :( http://htmldog.com/ wasn't bad as far as I remember. Be careful with the books, do not pick "old-style" one, which pays no attention to web standards and semantics. I'd recommend "Web Standards Solutions: The Markup and Style Handbook" by Dan Cederholm ( http://astore.amazon.com/simplebits-20/detail/1590593812 ). Not exactly introductory, but worth reading. Those comments on perfectly obvious code look horrible. This should keep you away for a while: http://steve-yegge.blogspot.com/2008/06/rhinos-and-tigers.ht... You know, not too long ago Internet Explorer was regarded as dominant force on the web (98% after all), now (at least where I am) it is already on the edge of falling below 50% (last week's numbers are 51.5% of all IE versions combined). And yes Firefox pushed MS to refocus, which gave us IE7 and IE8–so what? Being the dominant force at the moment does not mean you will stay here for long. Unless you have a clear vision ahead. I fail to see any signs of that vision on MS side. It is interesting to think about dynamics of the mobile space: two years ago iPhone was not yet released, iPhone SDK is just over a year old and to work with it you have to learn the "exotic" Obj-C… "I'm not convinced games are really that important either, the case in point being Mac OS X users." Well, take a look what kind of apps take the top spots on AppStore. However the most amusing thing in this kind of discussion is a take on SDK. When Apple initially offered to develop apps using web technology it was greated with "booo". Now Palm says the same and it is greated with "Wow, cool". Go figure. I don't have twitter account and I am not going to get one. Whatever _useful_ twitter does other tools do better. And I am not interested in useless stuff it is most effective for. This is worth repeating: only small part of request lifetime is spent in application code so you should worry about performance of the programming language only if you profiled your app and saw, that this is indeed a bottleneck. Why wait, you can use parts of it today. Sure, IE may not get it, but it is called progressive enhancement for a reason. You don't have to work in public using github. That's the nice feature of DVCS — you can have it all your code for yourself and at the same time enjoy all the benefits of VCS. Using centralized system you don't have much choice - either you don't commit, or you commit and everybody sees your ugly code. With DVCS you can have your private branches and work on your code as long as you want. When you a happy with your work, just push it to the public repo (hosted on github for example). Even more, you can have a lots of tiny working commits and then "squash" them into one big and nice final commit. Linus was making fun of SVN in his talk ( http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=4XpnKHJAok8 ). One of his point was, that SVN chose the wrong way right from the start and there is no way to have "CVS done right" because CVS is hopeless by design. There is another point—international markets. I assume sooner or later Palm will want to expand to overseas. iPhone has it easy—it is all just software. How about Pre—will users be forced to memorize where the keys are, or will Palm incur cost of manufacturing different keyboards? Well, you can write fortran in Ruby, but it took DHH to show where it does shine. It is easy to underestimate the initial insight in hindsight "oh, that's obvious", but it only becomes obvious when someone does it. And does not definition of geniality has something on having that insight for the "obvious"? It's license, which covers packages on Pre: Apache Harmony, joda-time, google-rfc-2445, Fast MD5 implementation in Java, gdata-java-client , Apache Velocity project. PDF file says "device may contain" so I am not sure if everything listed is on device :) I agree with your first sentence but the point is that application acceptance to AppStore policy does not constitute entire platform. I am curious, why this part of the otherwise very nice platform is so screwed. "some great spin" is being put too mildly. Looks like they don't know what HTML5 is nor the state of its support in current browsers: pretty much all (but IE, of course) already have some support for it. Not sure how that makes minority of browsers, not to mention, that browsers on the new smartphones which are worth something are Webkit based—and that means support for HTML5. Apple specifically advertises HTML5 and CSS3 on its Safari webpage ( http://www.apple.com/safari/what-is.html ). I completely fail to see how the release of iPhone "helped to radically increase the number of phones with Flash support". If it did help something this is to realize that we can do just fine without Flash. So no, you don't need to wait ten years before HTML5 arrives, it is already on your doorstep (have you seen Google Wave?). There will be no wait, so "during that wait, Flash becomes more and more powerful" doesn't come to fruition. Adobe still cannot make Flash to run without hogging resources on anything but Windows, do they think I will buy this "more powerful" crap? I don't think that HTML5 will kill Flash though, but if it forces Flash out of the places there it does not belong (full flash sites, flash navigation, etc.) Web will be a better place and I will be a lot happier. They miss a big point when talking about fragmentation: one thing what HTML5 is trying to achieve is to standardize the things which browsers _already_ do, i.e. to document current behavior where it is consistent and to make it as consistent as possible if it is not. It is the work largely based on how web and browsers work _now_, so the result will be quite an opposite to fragmentation. I rarely can complain about this on my iPhone 3G, but if one is to believe Joe Hewitt (and why one shouldn't?), then it is indeed instant on 3GS: http://joehewitt.com/post/the-%22s%22-should-stand-for-smoot... And why exactly you cannot write free software for iPhone? html5 has xml serialization if you need that. The number of applications on AppStore shows, that developers cope just fine. Also it is very tough to compare technology and tool you are familiar with to the new ones without any bias. To be fair, trailing slashes were ignored all the time. By this I mean that treated properly with MIME text/html they would produce a bunch of ">" on your page — they have different meaning in SGML from that in XML. That's one of the reasons I stuck with HTML4.01 Strict: I don't like the idea that XHTML works in browsers simply because of the miss-implementation of a standard. Well, if you were using XHTML doctype for 7 years, then you were doing it wrong. Unless you served your pages with application/xhtml+xml MIME type, that is. Otherwise no browser did use XML parser for your pages and munched them with old good HTML/tag soup parser. BTW, HTML5 lets you include MathML even in HTML serialization. And remember, that Apple can use chips for decoding h.264 on iPhone and iPod Touch. That matters a lot. And I would recommend his another book "The Seven-Day weekend" even more. It was written later and ideas are better tested ant crystalized there. If "Maverick" leaves someone doubtful that this can be true then "The Seven-Day weekend" may convince those :) But anyway it takes some guts to run business this way. Not only it triggers standards mode, but that's the sole purpose of this declaration in HTML5 (well, strictly speaking you might want to use it for something else, but that may not be the best idea). If you serve your document with application/xhtml+xml you can omit it — this MIME type itself triggers standards mode so doctype becomes redundant. No, omitting version is intentional (and version number did not mean much in the past). HTML5 spec defines parsing algorithm what should be used for all html versions and will never require browsers to do anything different for different versions of html. If the future browser will be capable to parse HTML8 it will be able to parse HTML5 just fine. It may sound backwards but is it not. It is a broad topic and much can be said on this, but the short version is: it is always advisable to develop looking at more standards compliant browsers and then tweak it to work in IE. Usually it will take less effort. The reason for this is that IE let's you deviate more from standards, and then fixing it for other browsers will take more time. Also, other browsers albeit having own quirks are much more consistent – that means that if it works in Safari it is most likely to work in Firefox and Opera too. Of course IE does not support a lot of things other browsers do. Maybe it is time to weight you options there: are you sure you want site to look the same across all the browsers and is it worth the effort? Or can you live with simpler version for IE but gaining advantage of having to write and maintain less code? Highly recommended site ;) : http://dowebsitesneedtolookexactlythesameineverybrowser.com/ Why would he downplay that? And Gruber was never a blind Apple fanboy — when apple does BS, he calls it BS (just search for "shit sandwich" in the article and follow the link). I have a feeling that you completely missed the point there. Well if benchmark was against nighty build of chrome it would make more sense to benchmark with WebKit nightly. Drag and drop is present in HTML five and works in FF3.5, Safari4 and… Internet Explorer! It is actually based on MS implementation which was first introduced a while back in IE5. My list is jEdit (used on Linux), SmartCVS/SmartSVN (Linux/Win/OS X still get used sometimes, but much less - moved away to git/bzr), Azureus (on OS X, least used of them all thanks to Transmission and now uTorrent). What blunder are you talking about? HTML4.01 has DTD, XHTML1.0 has DTD, did it help in any way? Tag soup is already there and will stay for a long time. From all the specs so far HTML5 has the best description how to deal with it. First, not having DTD is not the same as not being able to validate: there is a validator for HTML5, validator.nu. You can also use XML serialization of HTML5 and XML tools to make sure your document is valid XML. Second, having means to validate markup does not mean that authors will care and do that: what portion of document having doctype with dtd slapped on top are actually valid? Good markup is not produced by tools, but by those who care. Where all these companies just put there for their names? Article just doesn't make sense. There is the talk by Jason from 37signals, where he specifically talks how he does not get this obsession with failing: http://www.37signals.com/svn/posts/1798-jasons-talk-at-big-o... No need for that. Mothers with toddlers usually have a little mobility and heightened desire to socialize — being online is about perfect way to do that. So, how many plans at the beginning of 2008 had recession in mind? My guess that no one was that "ignorant" and those who were were fired at the spot. So much consideration. Yeah, if you are in the business that does not depend on the market and other people, you can plan. Otherwise you are just guessing. BTW, HASH is default index type for MEMORY tables in MySQL. It was not found. Daily Express report was fiction: http://twitter.com/bnjacobs/status/2374782343 Bob Jacobs is NASA Deputy Assistant Administrator for Public Affairs. Think. Rocket launching from the Earth had to bring EVERYTHING up, had to fight six times greater gravity and atmosphere. Now do the calculations. No, there is no wind on the Moon cause there is no air. So? Take a rope and swing one end of it. You will see a nice wave going on. You can have waves without the wind. I hope when Zed is done with Python he will turn to Erlang. Now THEN will be the time to watch HN front page. I would not call relying on a hack to use third party (which is not at all interested to support you) software a solid business practice either. I now see the opposite effect: everyone is scared to look sexist so everyone ends up putting "she". Maybe we should call programmers "it"? It does, albeit too slow. According to our ranking site http://ranking.lt/ IE share felt below 50% for the first time. One should have in mind, that this is not stats from some geek/webdev site, but collected by online advertising company, so it is even more likely that the stats are skewed in favor of IE. DRM free Amazon music store was just a tool for the record industry to put pressure on Apple. Sadly this is true. I've removed his blog from my RSS reader quite a while ago. Seth Godin got ditched for the same reason :( Seth Godin has dropped the ball recently (imho), but talking about evolutionary angle there is one his book I highly recommend: "Survival is not enough". Somehow I get an impression that this book is undervalued. Or maybe it just me reading to much into it. I am not sure that consumers prefer netbooks. I still don't know anyone owning one. I must admin I don't believe in netbooks market—one part will be taken by smartphones, another by proper notebooks. Speaking of which: Apple's computers sales grew only by 4%, but notebook sales grew by 13%. Going into low-end, low-price and nonexistent margins market would be the sure way for Apple to die. Where do you see those numbers in Apple's press release? Or did they gave them in the press conference? If not, since when did NPD claims became Jobs RDF? Regarding best non-holiday quarter in company's entire history —it is not something to be shy about and not exactly cherry picking. Unless you did expect Apple to beat its best holiday quarter in ordinary quarter during recession? When you sign up for Vendor ID you sign under these words: Unauthorized use of assigned or unassigned USB Vendor ID Numbers and associated Product ID Numbers are strictly prohibited. http://www.usb.org/developers/vendor/VID_Only_Form_withCCAut... Would you find some random guy using you SSN (or equivalent if you are not from US) obectionable? It's not about what it is. It's about how would you feel if someone else would use it. Especially when it is clearly forbidden. I don't see how can it be more popular than iPhone/iPod Touch and successors. That bothers me too. I would not call myself AGW denier, more like agnostic with some inclination to believe, but this attitude that if you don't believe in god that makes you believe that the Earth is flat is just stupid. The whole GW issue to me looks most alike to faith from them all. speed does not kill, it's acceleration (o rather deceleration ) that does :) Was there ever a "X killer" that actually killed the X? I cannot think of one example. If something is branded that way, must be a loser already. True "X killers" are like ninjas that come unnoticed and unexpected. http://www.google.com/search?q=focus+groups+site:headrush.ty... I have ordered mine on March 11th and got them July 11th. Maybe already having millions of users does make technology a bit cooler? The title should be "I quit AT&T". Many mobile devices now use WebKit based browsers and easily kick IE's old ass. No, the point of email is not attachements or being paperless. It is the speed. I would not call making record profits in the same quarter when others report loses the lost war. Unless you are talking about market share. Apple indeed does sing the same song, only it is: "we choose profits over market share". Honestly, it took me this headline to recall that thing exist at all… The book on time travel describing model which made most sense to me for years: http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/The_Technicolor_Time_Machine This novel presents a clear use of the restricted action resolution of the Grandfather paradox. The actions of the characters can not have changed the past because the past is what their actions brought about. Javascript is not the most awful, it is the most misunderstood :) I am just confused as to what these iPhone converts are doing. That's exactly why iPhone is superior (so far): it is not about what , it is about how Btw, anyone downmoding me cares at least to say, which part you disagree with: do you think that Andoroid phones are superior, do you think it is not about how ; or both; or are you just not happy with the way things are? :) it is about user experience, not about style. Ok, imagine 12 hour transatlantic flight. What is about what you did — you flew across Atlantic. Then ther is the how part — it can be either in economy class with no legroom, crammed between to sweaty, drunk and snoring gentlemen or it can be in private jet. Is the difference between what and how any more clear now, or is is still vague? Update: I do not say that Android phones are economy class and iPhone is private jet. The point of the above is to explain what I meant by difference between what and how . Finally. Let's hope now the more meaningful race for quality high-ISO images will gain momentum. That's a funny rant considering that Opera is closed source and WebKit is opensource. In HTML5 that you can use any syntax you prefer. Whether you live in XMLland is defined solely by MIME type you use to serve your pages—if it is text/html then it is HTML serialization, if it is application/xhtml+xml only then capable browsers will switch to XHTML parsers. Of course this is the same story as with XHTML1.0 only in HTML5 case XHTML5 syntax does not pretend to be something it is not. The added benefit of HTML5 not being the child of SGML is that stupid controversy regarding "/>" which means completely different thing in SGML applications and XML is finaly resolved. Actually there are two different things—the parser and the rendering mode. The choice of the former depends solely on the MIME type—no matter that docypte you use if your page is served with text/html MIME it will be parsed by HTML parser. And keep in mind, that every slash in "/>" is treated as invalid attribute by this parser, so serving your XHTML page as text/html may be not the best idea. BTW, do "view source" of such page in Firefox 3 and you will see all slashes in red. And if you did happen to server XHTML with proper MIME there could well be the case that your page would take longer to load on Gecko HTML engine choses rendering mode (standards, almost standards, quirks) depending on DOCTYPE (for XHTML parser it is always standards mode). HTML engine must be always ready to recover from markup errors (and HTML5 does a good job describing what to do), XHTML parser can just die on the first error it encounters. The best upgrade for my Flash experience on Mac: http://rentzsch.github.com/clicktoflash/