To not know the answer to "there are no camels in Germany so how many camels do they think there are in B, a specific German city? " is not a cultural difference, to think that other cultures are seriously that dumb is more a statement on ones self than anything else. This is similar to statements engineers sometimes make that the Chinese are good copiers but can't innovate. No, cultures are the same as everyone else. They have humour, art and like to tinker and have in jokes. If they don't publicly innovate it's more likely it's not economical in that environment yet. The fact 'camels' was used has strong undertones to me, if this was an actually a study I'd be interested to know. Vertical farms seems more a myth than anything else. I cannot see at all, putting solar panels in the country side, transferring that power into a city, then growing food being more energy efficient than growing food in the country/floating farms and then shipping it to the city in a truck. As a park they are nice but I can’t see a worse way to waste energy creating for food. It’s sad the trolls seem to have gotten hold of this. Torrent Freak has not even gone close to saying Sweden has bought him. When countries give foreign aid, it is often, at least in part, for power plays. Japan regularly does this in the pacific islands and uses their support to continue whaling. To argue the amount of money they give (quite large) is so they can continue whaling is also ridiculous. In fact most Japanese don’t even eat whale or care about the issue. It’s mostly political. Sweden is owed a few favours and it seems they have called one in. The story here is why they have chosen this as one of them. I think we need context here, these are just people going around in circles on a track. Their object is to entertain, and that they have in more ways than one. This concept sport people are anything more is a sad reflection on society. The technology and methods they spend billions on developing are mostly useless to the normal world. Even movie technology builds on itself and makes better movies, sport technology just shaves 100ths of a second off records, what is the point. It's forgotten by all but diehards 10-20 years later. At least a good movie or book lasts hundreds of years. To say sport is more than that is quite sad I feel, people need to get over pretending it that important. Total junk. Campaigns like this are what's wrong with this world and the acceptance of them in general is troubling. For the 'players' as a draw card to get customers ($), it might bring in a few I guess since the public is easily fooled by theses sort of self serving campaigns that cause more harm than good. But ethically I couldn't do it. If you 'really' want to help kids donate $40 to a 3rd world charity, save a real life and make you 404 professional instead. Lists like these recognise in public University's that are good and gives all universities a reason to improve. Whether this ranking is more relevant to researchers or students you'd have to look at the methodology but they are very closely related anyway. The reason people hate rankings is most people(Bit above 50%)are below average intelligence or go to a below average university hence they hate it when it's pointed out to them. Even smart people still suffer for thinking they are more intelligent than they are hence they too do not like being rated. In summary, the truth is yes you are better off going to a higher rated university if external factors are equal. But most people can't handle the truth so it's up to you what you believe. So what's the catch? Why is it wrong? Is it we know lesser falls cause death and as such we can extrapolate out. Or since the differences are so pronounced there is no need for randomised placebo trails? I think the simple fact the writer knew the answer, (Hen) but then went on to explain why it might be other things showed a lack of intelligence if anything. Anyone who's intelligent would know Kosher is a cultural test so is not valid. If you don't know how to answer the question correctly it's a lack of intelligence, not you're smarter than the test. Knowledge of the state of mind of others is what is normally defines intelligence in animals. Knowing what answer they want is part of the test. Some people just don't get it... This is the same as psych tests that ask if you want to commit suicide. If you don't know why this question is there then the test is working. You're not smarter than the test because you think it's a stupid question, you just don't understand the test. Sorry but I think this article is totally wrong. Tags for instance are a classic example of something people raved about, thought would work than were a total failure. It was found filenames actually gave more useful information to the user than tags. (PS if it's not obvious hashtags are not tags) Or you could just not get caught up in to the hype and do something useful like teaching your kids proper food health, deal with their mental health and teach drug harm minimisation strategies. WTF Who necessarily reads books within 4 months of buying? I have many, many bought and borrowed books 3+ years old in my to read pile. I think this is Bruce Schneier's way off the mark, even inappropriately so. His book culture is not everyone else's and he shouldn't by default expect that from them. Paying $11 for a book and then having to do a review is not an amazing deal for the buyer. It's just a deal. If no time line was specified in the deal people have every right to read the book when it suits them. They didn't save $5-$15 to get a chore. For me that would have been a within a year estimate. This cause is trying to change the access across the world for scientific articles and you're complaining for a short period "A few class websites are inaccessible, a few friends' blogs are down, and web development is a bit annoying" That's the most selfish thing I've seen today. No argument why this form of protest won't work just it interrupts your current lifestyle. And IMO it will help, it keep momentum and adds publicity to the other means also going on. I couldn't disagree more. These are MIT graduates, highly intelligent people, not some slack jaw locals. They are fully capable to look at the issues and take moral responsibility for the University they are part of. How can an intelligent person support a organisation by being part in it, then take no responsibility for what it does. Yes I know the commoners do this all the time for their entire lives, but being better educated (However you do it) is about moving on from this simplistic me me me mentality and looking at the total issue. No, it's meant as a 'don't drink the coolaid' and think just because you are part of something you are A. Right B. Don't have to accept any responsibility for the organisation you are part of. If MIT did something wrong and you go to MIT you are responsible for being part of that organisation. No one is forced to go to MIT. Take responsibility for who you support, be it a university, club or a job. If you think MIT did nothing wrong, then say they did nothing wrong. Don't say I'm a member of MIT but nothing bad(= short internet issues) should happen to me cause I'm just one of the many in this organisation. >"They are making it more difficult for members of the general public to access academic article" Given what may happen if change can be made is this really anything? This is how most of the mostly 3rd world student/academics live 100% of the time for most articles. They are not attacking students sites AFAIK they are attacking the MIT network I really doubt the Faculty are not seeing this and thinking. This is an attack for unproportionately persecuting someone for trying to free up scientific information. I don't see it as revenge for his death. DoJ won't change, but academics might. I'd agree. None of the answer seem close to correct. It is an interesting idea. I had a small site without compulsory passwords just email address. Idea being you'd suck more users in this way (Data was not a real security issue) And emails are unique. Let the user add a password if they want. It never got popular, so no idea how it would go. Griefing might be an issue. But back to the point, it's a risk management issue. What's the return on no passwords and what's the risk. Flatmates can rob my room if they are evil. So I don't consider a small security issues on password overlaps a problem. Really Microsoft considers a computer compromised once the attacker has physical access anyway. I do however want a small barrier to them reading my emails etc. (Something about temptation) Perhaps there's issues with teaching bad habits (UX), perhaps it'd confuse users(UX). Perhaps like all projects it goes from 2-10 users to hundreds. This is more what should be discussed. My understanding is you still need a username with fingerprints etc. Well at least in a corporate environment. So they don't change the original question What if the fingerprint algorithm overlaps two people. You suddenly can access someone else account without trying. IE fingerprints burnt off/similarly damaged through chemo. Also an fingerprint attack without username simultaneously attacks all users at once. Not saying with the right tech a fingerprint might be good enough without a username, but my understanding is it's not done and whether it can be is a similar question to the original question. Am I the only one that sees that the title/headline is pretty close to a lie and that he ran a 'Web Vulnerability Scanner' on someone else's web site? This is illegal! Most people seem to be missing this. If you're going to break the law at your own University at least cover your tracks. Don't annoy the crap out of them(Rightly or wrongly) then go on to black hat them. http://www.acunetix.com/blog/web-security-zone/should-you-te... what can happen when production Web applications are tested including: Email floods Junk data inserted into databases News feeds filling with random input Log files filling up Accounts getting locked out Internet bandwidth consumption Scans that take longer to complete High server and database utilization Incident response teams and managed security providers having to deal with alerts Final cleanup needed after the fact No they are not bugs, in any way, shape or form. I think you are missing the technology and ethos of website design here. Web scanners do massive offensive attacks. They basically DOS attack your site in many ways, trying millions of attack vectors. Mitigating against vandalism is very hard. It hurts users the more you do. Generally you leave it as open as possible and it is ok, since it's not a security issue per se and most sites can live their lives never having been attacked this way. There's no money in vandalism and unless you piss off skilled or determined people it won't be abused. Someone could write a script to cause thousands of $ damage to wikipedia without much trouble. But wiki chose's to leave itself open and take the risk. They don't have a bug. They are trying to do the right thing by users. As per my link to a direct article by the makers of the scanner he used, it is invasive. What more do you want? Yes, passive scanning is fine with me, it's probably legal in most countries, but this is not certain (See Google and wifi). But I don't see the relevance to the conversation. Passive automated scanning is fairly useless so it's not really used. Fact is he broke the law at a criminal level and caused damage, if you can't see this, you really have no idea of the reality of the technology he was using. But what should happen to him for it is a discussion for a different thread. The technology here could easily have been done 50-70 years ago (And it probably was) I think it's not about robots but the spread of ideas and commerce is now much easier with the internet. I'm guessing you are just a child or a troll. When you get older you'll realise all marriages and lives have their ups and downs. If a 'cheating spouse' is the worse you have to deal with you'll have lived a lucky or short life. Death of loved ones, marriage break ups, losing jobs is life. Get over it. It happens to all of us, this me, me, me mentality that we live in a hollywood movie and just because theses things happen to us it's a world event gets a bit tiring. How many iPads could a (foxconn) worker have bought before China became a technology manufacturing hub is the real question? Hell of a lot less I'd image. A lot less medicine and school for their kids as well I'll guess. Ummmm you could sell your "3 year old nephew's" art for $100,000 but for some reason you haven't? Right.... I do get tired of the old insult to art that "I could do better" but for some reason that person has 'chosen' not to make millions and be famous. People need to stop fearing things they don't or can't understand. Exactly, really it's not that hard, but as this blog article shows some people still just don't get art and/or how it's valued. And it's ok not to understand things, but it's not ok to ridicule things just because you don't understand them. This is not consumption at all. A painting is probably a few hundred $ worth of materials perhaps a couple of hundred hours labour tops. The average person probably wastes/consumes more rubbish in a week or two. This is a rich person not consuming if anything. What I find interesting is, it is totally the schools copyright when you think about it. There's no way the students would be thinking up what they were without the collaboration of their teachers. Sure schools should have special rules, they need to encourage not stifle, but in any logical sense it is their IP. I find very unlikely it doesn't work. Shonky electronics are possible out of China but 100% not working electronics are rare. It's evolution. The business would quickly go out of sale, so assuming you're buying from a reputable seller it's unlikely you get a total scam. So to make a big call like that you really need more proof. Same reason as why we want money? We see it as a proxy for power. Why do people want power? Evolutionary reasons. Probably for men we see it as a way to reproduce a lot for women it's probably seen as a way to ensure their children are successful and reproduce. It gets a bit depressing if you think about it to much. Just enjoy life and accept things. What people never seem to get in the Minority Report is, it’s not cool because he used his hands. It was cool because it had kick ass software behind it that could do all the work. I see this continuously with things like glass/mirrors that can be touch screens etc They look awesome because the (imaginary) software demoing it does awesome things. Leap could be a cool device, but you’ll need to think outside the box to see how. My fat ass is not going to wave at anything that it can do with a mouse let along the quicker speed at which we can type/shortcut/mouse compared to physical movement. Personally if I was a developer I'd look at things totally new. This stuff seriously seems like a game changer. Could be all hype but if it's legit I think it'll be huge. Never having to clean the toilet again in itself would be amazing. Cost reductions in business here alone is significant. Anti graffiti capabilities would make it huge for government applications. On park benches etc keeping communal equipment from ageing. The whole cleaning industry could be changed. Waterproofing electronics. Hygiene in hospitals might save many, many lives. I do like living in the future. But you could also never wash it? "x-ray video machine to examine their kids' feet at the shoe store" Except there's no real evidence this ever hurt anyone? And xrays are an incredible medical marvel that has saved millions of lives. Fear hurts more than it ever helps, if they had delayed xrays for even a few years imagine how many more deaths there would have been. The precautionary principle is a dangerous idea that has somehow has gotten mainstream acceptance. It regularly kills people, people somehow think it's a safe concept when it's not. Through the magic of hind-site you can claim there is no dichotomy. xrays could have given cancer to the people conducting the treatments. Using fear, xrays should have never been used for anything. Is it worth the risk that doctors using xrays might get cancer to save some patients? Is it worth the risk of giving a patient cancer just because they might have a 10% chance of a life threatening injury. If you look at all clichéd stuffups with technology their kill rates are tiny, often like DDT they saved many many lives. Now take all the things people get scared of - TV, Mobile phones, electricity towers, chemicals(What ever this means). Mobile phones perhaps should only be used for emergencies in case they are cancer causing. Imaging how many 3rd world people would die if we made the decision. Ummmm Education Minister who (allegedly) cheated at university forced to step down. Don't really see that as a "Fascination With Degrees" Might have been a interesting topic, but it's a hopeless segue. "A prankster could outwit many scoring programs by jumbling key phrases in a nonsensical order. An essay about Christopher Columbus might ramble on about Queen Isabella sailing with 1492 soldiers to the Island of Ferdinand -- and still be rated as solidly on topic, Shermis said." To be smart enough to prank on a subject and pass would mean a pretty in depth knowledge hence the mark would be correct. In fact a human would incorrectly say the student was bad at the subject so it makes the computer superior in marking students actual knowledge of the subject :) Fake. And ridiculously so. You can only see around 2000 stars in total with no light pollution across the entire sky Perhaps the photographer is not saying they are realistic, it might be nytimes being misleading. YES "there is something humbling and awe inspiring about how vast things are." So why fake it. Why show pretend scenes with orders of magnitude more stars then there should be. Why not just show real life and how the stars would look if Paris etc had the lights turned off. Why show a universe where somehow stars at hundreds of times more than they are. Isn't ours good enough? Anyone scientific/technical knows how stupid those pictures look, and anyone artistic has been away from city lights and knows what stars really look like. Why break from a great idea and create something so fake looking. Why not make them realistic and make a point on light pollution and the beauty we are missing out on. Why can't we appreciate the real universe and how great it is. Have we become that sad we need to make everything look like a scifi movie? At least have a couple of moons if you're going to go down that road. There's probably 10,000 stars in the first photo that's supposed to be part of the night sky? It implies if the lights go out you'd see around 100,000 stars. In real life you can see 2000 in the total night sky away from lights. How will a long exposure allow you to see more stars? Even in the jpg you link you can see there's obviously one to two thousand stars tops in it. These pictures are from telescopes, the latter ones even have fake colors applied. Interesting I assumed the colours from star pictures are mostly faked / enhanced / thickened / filtered. I'll have to look into it more. I think you are right. I had to create a quick sim but it does pan out. With round robin it's going to chose the dynos most likely to have the shortest queue given the simple information available. (longest time since it got something) so it's biased to putting stuff on empty queues. Where as random picks randomly, so there's no bias to empty queues, so random should be less efficient. Lol totally evil product based on making people lives awful through fake fear. But I guess that's many successful products, make people feel bad or their lives are missing 'something' and give them the solution for the $ Myself and friends have often talked about it. Be unethical but make money. Individual vs Herd mentality. And in the first world is it really that evil to fool the people who fall for it? I find it hard personally but maybe that's a weakness I should train to get over, not sure. I do give a % of my wage to 3rd world charity so would I still be up positive ethics wise. Interesting article to see into that world anyway, something to think about. I also have read about people being charged/sued over this but Google hasn't helped me remember the case. It was a delivery company from memory. But in general if you are putting things into the product outside of the contract you must see how this as a legal issue? Also see why no Easter Eggs - http://blogs.msdn.com/b/larryosterman/archive/2005/10/21/483... LOL what total bunk, "unless" of course you practice some sort of magic and believe by definition humans cannot replicate this form of magic, then his theory might fit. Besides which the Singularity has nothing to do with the 'soul' and consciousness. It's about super intelligence, this is possible without being self aware. IE Deep Blue I assume is not considered 'conscious' but it can solve the chess problem better than us, why would you think a super intelligent machine that can solve general problems has to also be 'self aware', bizarre. This is so disingenuous and plain misleading and I see it around a bit. Most of them, if not all went to Uni. They then made great contacts and could pull out because they became successful early. Without Uni, they possibly would all be nobodies. I'm not sold on the working from home argument. Studies I've seen have been for work that's partially commission based. Anyone have better? And I will admit it will work for some people but that doesn't mean it will work for a company. It's hard to say to some people you can work from home and to others you can't because I don't trust you. And how can a company work out if you are a person it works for? I think what many people forget is everyone is different and systems aren't perfect. You might be able to work efficiently from home but allowing you to do it might make the team worse off because the best system the company can put in place won't be as efficient. Because we all know companies suck at a lot of stuff and it's just adding another thing they can stuff up in this non utopian world. But as above interested to see any studies people have. >You need to call an attorney. Any other advice you get here is bad advice. Why? Why is your opinion the best? Are you an attorney? Are you an attorney he's called? This statement has no value, it's almost a paradox,. Where's the proof behind it? Do you have have statistics? It seems to me to be purely a pass the buck statement. Everything is a "highly specialized domain" So when I'm getting a house built, talking to friends is no use and forbidden, I should only talk to a builder? If a house falls down I could be killed, that's way worse than being sued. Sounds like nonsense, but why? Every day we do things that put our lives in non specialist hands but it's a legal issue suddenly "only ever talk to lawyers." Yes advice must be taken lightly, especially on the internet. Experts have a time and a place. But living in fear can be worse. I personally would prefer free internet advice than selling out and becoming part of the problem. That to me is a fate worse than being sued. Others however might prefer a mix, they also might have more on the line than me. That's all good. But don't let the fear take over and make you irrational. The worst thing with the patent wars is not the suing it's the fear it's creating. Talking to my partner who's in OH&S and she was saying there is a growing body of evidence working from home is bad for your mental health. Not saying that's absolutely everyone in all situations but like most mental health issues you can't really self diagnose. I did a speed reading course in high school and often wondered if it was a scam. Not a scam, scam more a motivational speaker/Eat less exercise more style scam. If you followed it through it would work but almost no one follows through hence the course/advice becomes bunk. For instance one thing we were taught was to first skim the book/chapter really quick then read it 'properly' Makes sense to me, but I never do it. People do have different reading speed levels and I don't think it's all innate so I don't think it a crap idea. I would agree that maybe the teaching is currently more based around customers and less about pedagogy though. Freakonomics are doing a study/website on this idea (Minus the option to pull out if you realise what you really want) https://www.freakonomicsexperiments.com/ I've never ever heard of Anonymous swatting so please feel free to post a link?? If that's the best link(Or a link that links a non-existent link) then I'm happy to say that no Anonymous do not swat. But touché, I didn't ask for a reputable link. I'm not sure I've learned anything from this video or comments. Nothing is really backed up. Even the speaker admits they are a VC who's not rich. Yes westerners all think the Japanese have a culture with problems, but of course we do, I really need some sort proof or a speaker who has proven themselves. Meh. Old article and quotes like - "Though productivity in France is higher than Germany's and close to that of the U.S. according to 2011 data " "Can I remind you that Titan…is 20 times smaller than Michelin…and 35 times less profitable?" Are a good comeback. It just seems like a sore loser who wanted a cheap deal but didn't get it under his terms so he's crying. A sad story really. When France is a laid back nation that values home life over work AND is poor and in crisis then these business leaders might have a point. So are you saying people searching for "stack overflow" want the definition more often than the web site stackoverflow.com? Because that doesn't make sense to me. Perhaps an upcoming engineer once or twice needs the definition in their life. And they will mostly go on to use the site as well. Lazy people like me often type the approximate of a web site into Google rather than trying to guess the exact url / bookmarking it. And we do this continuously. I can't see the definition being more popular than the site. It is an interesting story about someone's life and overcoming adversity. But don't fall into the trap and read anything else into it, the things you should fear in life are quite boring. Some comments seem to be going down this path. Good links. Looking at past posts some are a little out there (Read crazy conspiracy theories) Shame, it's an interesting idea. Could we be mistaken and the Japanese don't live longer. I believe similar mistakes are happening in blue zone theory. But I'm a firm believer that some people can just can make a good argument about anything. So if they have been very wrong in the past, or very wrong in part of their argument then I take it as now they are wrong and just making a good argument that's fooling my flawed brain. Maths is wrong Where have you deducted the expected ROI on the money you've invested on the asset? Also the numbers are to high, not many rooms are on 6 hours a day. Electricity is actually a fairly insignificant for lighting/ power use by consumers in general. People like these things because they are easy fixes, not because they achieve much. But I'd say the real benefits is in business and cost reductions in labour replacing light bulbs. It's the longevity not the reduced power use that has the value in commerce. > MERCURY IS TOXIC. DO NOT TELL PEOPLE THAT IT IS NOT TOXIC. I don't see why this has capitals? The point was valid it's urban legend / vaccinations cause autism style rubbish about breaking light bulbs being bad. When do we get exposed to mercury in real life that we need to highlight mercury is bad in capitals? To stop people breaking light bulbs and licking them? We all know not to drink from a thermometer. I though the point of HN is we didn't have to talk at grade school/reddit level. [Edit] And you don't need to ventilate a room after breaking a CFL. http://ec.europa.eu/health/scientific_committees/environment... I was going to comment on how interesting it was that such a (Possibly?)smart person could be so naive in thinking a famous model would date him but then I see so many comments saying stuff like 'I think he knew about the drugs' Of course he did! This was the point of the story!?! Back to smart people, I'd be interested to see a write up on his work. Was he actually any good? And also I'll say it, he is old, has his mind degraded? Or has he gone fk it, life's not what it used to be why not go crazy (With a little mental illness thrown in) The concept we can keep consuming to keep ourselves out of trouble is naive. We can not sustain the growth required to replace lost jobs, it's just not mathematically possible, the world is finite. Concepts around consumption composing of the arts(Attempting to loophole limited resources) are also misplaced, already we are seeing computer generated actors and artists. Sounds like a interesting story, why not value add and say more about the issues? Old HN link but libreoffice is trying a similar thing. The video doesn't go into enough detail IMHO but the TL;DW is they are making it easier to commit and putting automated processes into place to mange it(Like extensive and easy testing). Rather than a commit is hard philosophy. I think the first 5-10 mins of the video is the important bits. https://fosdem.org/2013/schedule/event/challenges_libreoffic... > I also hate the people who think travel makes them more interesting and virtuous You can think that but you're wrong. Travel opens the mind a hell of a lot. (And no it's not travel if you are in the same country) What is pretentious BS is if you "spend a month in an Indian monastery, or building schools in Africa" These are total rubbish, OK sure you'll learn some stuff, it's still travel but Africans earn a dollar or two a day, you've just added $12-$24 to their economy, nice work. Travel the world and have fun. Don't do the tourist BS like going to monasteries, these are wanabee travel collectors interests. Go to night club, ride a bike, do what you do at home and learn the real stuff. OK sure you do have to do the tourist stuff, how else do you get to experience a crazy Tut-tut or a packed out bus. But remember it's the journey not the destination. And lastly not everybody can afford to travel, and that's sad. But just because it's sad there no point trying to pretend travel doesn't make people better. It's like access to school, yes it makes people better, yes not everyone can afford it, but don't just write it off. Work out ways to change this. Agree. Brilliant first season. But it seemed to me some idiot somewhere who worked on the second season saw it had a strong female lead and thought that meant she should be a dick and wrote the later seasons like that. It amazes me how Hollywood just doesn't get strong female characters. As an Australian and a mathematician I can't do Pi day, much as I'd like to. Even if the date's not ISO 8601 it's still 03/14/2013? And how does the 159265359.... work 15:92:65 ? I guess this is semi relevant http://www.xkcd.com/397/ Don't see any proof of a general HN issue here? One comment is bad? And currently the comment you didn't like is pretty much down voted to hell. And since you admit HN is not even a site for you, the issue is....... Yep the media is just starting to get on top of this. I saw another article a month or so ago. I first took notice when the Chinese bought out Complete Genomics last year. The future is going to sneak up on us quicker than we think. Well some parts anyway. The Genetics thing has been untapped before, it could explode out. If you had the choice of raising your babies IQ not many people would chose not too. When it hits, it'll hit quickly. Soooo does anyone have any reason to believe this matters in the wild? I like the article it's interesting though, but to me it seems purely theoretical. >And when that GMO crop pollinates adjacent non GMO crops, Monsanto can sue the adjacent farmer(s) for "stealing" Monsanto's GMO. >This an inherent flaw, and has already occurred. Pretty sure this is not true. Care to site. Only case I heard of was that was dodgy was a farmer who had seed contamination from trucks driving by which is totally different to what you are implying. Lets be clear, if you don't like animal abuse don't eat animals. Murder is worse than abuse. These videos in essence are propaganda tools and I see little value in the so called animal rights movement that promotes clean killing as an ethical good. But at the end of the day there should be free speech no matter whether it's right or wrong or for good or evil. > So if you eat meat you can't be against pit bull-fighting? Correct? Well you can but you'd be a bigot thinking you're beliefs are better than someone else's. >Extrapolate it further, we shouldn't, then, be more appalled by a gruesome murder (of a human) than a gunshot to the back of the head. Correct. Again a no brainer. There is however evidence that a person who commits a gruesome crime might be more likely to re-offend. This should be taken into account for sentencing/rehabilitation. But no, you should not be more 'appalled' > Since that is untrue for virtually everyone, you either have to claim that nearly every human on earth is a logically inconsistent dunce, or perhaps there is, in fact, a violence gradient of some sort. ??? Do I even need to answer that? 80% of India is Hindu. 80% of America is Christian. You think people aren't logically inconsistent? It beggars belief you can think a animal can 'feel' then think it's ok to kill it. I think the reason this article came into existence was the other thread discussing this issue got renamed to a innocuous title (Under the title should be the original articles title rule) and hence didn't make sense. Millionaires asking for money to create a product that requires a dev cost of millions which they often then give to donators is a little different. > If you want to become smarter on a specific topic then you must study that specific topic. This would contradict almost all current ideas on learning and education as far as I can see. Not many people think concentrating on rote learning creates a more educated society. > Chess does not make you smarter. Chess makes you better at playing chess. Nothing more nothing less. Chess is about problem solving and logic. I see no reason why it wouldn't help like abstract maths helps outside of the specific field of abstract maths. I can say from my experience with engineers any that have only studied "Electrical Engineering" are in general crap or mediocre. They have very little ability to problem solve. All the good degrees that I've seen will start engineers off studying 'engineering' including a wide variety of topics then specialise later in the degree. Yes it takes longer but it clearly pays off. These are not engineering student that are being taught chess, these are children, at this level they are probably tossing up between arts and craft and other timing killing activities or chess. Time in primary and high school is often wasted due to constraints. Yes teaching them high level mathematics would be better, but where do the teachers smart enough come from? How do you teach it to classes at multiple levels. Chess is easy to teach, students can quickly get to their own level and pair off. I'm not saying chess is the answer even in the imperfect society we have to run schools in, but certainly teaching to the subject is absolutely not. Putting money in an uninsured bank is an investment the same stocks or property. If the asset you invest in fails you lose your money. Don't see how this is the European Commission robbing anyone. I thought (But could be wrong) without the bailout all the money would be lost. Isn't this them giving someone who's lost it all 20% of their money back? April fools was really a pre internet event. 36 hours of the world doing mostly lame pranks wears a bit thin every year for me anyway. Pre internet it was lame jokes from friends or really complicated pranks that filtered through the noise. It seemed more community based and thought out. I you find this stuff interesting I found Bad Pharma an interesting read (Random Review: http://boingboing.net/2012/11/06/bad-pharma-account-o.html ) They talk about tricks like mirror versions of a drug can then be patented after the first drug expires. Then the company can push them over the original, which is not necessarily bad, mirror versions can be better or sometimes worse. Well the no free lunch theory is I think wrong, we are vastly better off with modern medicines. We are already getting free lunches of longer and heather lives. My experience, obviously not scientific, with modafinil is mild mania, grumpiness/quick to anger (What I think is the tiredness coming through), increase concentration and attentiveness to a task. My intelligence goes down. Mixed with alcohol it can cause blackouts (It has a long half life so this can be a day or so later). Hard to sleep on. Euphoric enough to take recreationally. Listening to other people they have different effects. For me I'm not sure it's a effective drug. Because it's said long term you can build up tolerance I've always only done it one pill per week for small projects, so maybe doing it on a regular schedule it might stop some of the above negatives. Evolution is just randomness that causes a rough trend in a direction. Many species have gone extinct under it's rules. Even if it was a thing, it has your species interests at heart, not you. There is a lot to the article and you should take heed it's the future, like it or not. But if you want a warning sign on Modafinil as per the article the drug came out in 1998, it has been and is still is fairly easy to get, why is it not bigger than it is? These drugs are still just rough tools, the new batch are coming soon, but Modafinil is not "Limitless" Most of wiki is patrolled by robots, I'd image if it was useful it would. I'd see natural disasters possibly false positiving compared with turf wars between groups/countries after a flare up being the main reason you'd do it. I think professors asking students to edit would be rare enough not to make it worth while. I'd image if it's not copyright infringement on the one article across the entire Wikipedia it could become copyright infringement. Funny I think so to. I've heard to much of the story before, it seems like they have mashed a few of the classics together to create it. Edit: Or maybe I just read the original story on Reddit. You have to be carefully with stories like this, often the reason they go viral is not for nice reasons. To me it seems the enjoyment is someone gets hurt and we get to be guilt free in doing it because the hurt person is 'clear cut' bad. Sure that's why we enjoy most movies and computer games, but I think taking it to real life is a step again. There's a nasty undercurrent in these sort of things on the internet like nigeria scammers scammers. Always remember more often than not the people participating in these crimes do it due to mental illness or desperation. I'm not saying let them get away with it, I'm not saying don't blog about it. I'm just saying in my opinion perhaps try not to celebrate it to much. To quote myself above 'I'm not saying let them get away with it' I didn't even say not to beat them. If beating them is what you have to do, so be it. All I said was the greater community shouldn't celebrate it. My point is I think these style of stories are glurge and I think people need to try and be aware of that. http://tvtropes.org/pmwiki/pmwiki.php/Main/Glurge I wonder why looking for a idea on the actually percent of people in each I can't find any idea on what it actually is on the interwebs, they all differ and top results aren't seeming to link peer review articles. It shouldn't be hard stuff, people are not generally embarrassed about the topic so any one should be able to pop out a study. It involves work productivity so it should be a popular. There should be some sort of biomodal graph showing percentages. >Perhaps you're a person, rather than a label. Or maybe labels are ok until some singularity style computer can know exactly what each individual is and how to exactly optimise their happiness maybe the approximations labels give us make us better off. When used correctly they can allow us to better know ourselves and also be more understanding of those around us. I think letting anyone submit an idea is interesting but will quickly fail unless they pump a lot of money into ensuring crank stuff doesn't get in. The difference between science and pseudo science can be hard to tell at times. Unless you have a barrier of entry like for instance being asked to do a talk, then pulling it off, you will get a lot of noise. Even with this TEDx is still getting into issues for instance. Maybe mooonshot is meta in this regard. This seems to currently be on the front page(Link broken), which is interesting.... http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=JUHLNjWn68g It worked out my location (nice) but didn't bother changing dates and temperature to metric/local format so it immediately looked confusing. I would say not having a goal of "increase my income by 30-50K" might be a start. Moneys not everything, it probably shouldn't be a goal. Instead by focusing on making yourself happy you'll be better off and probably be earning more. Just a theory. Empirical evidence shows money does make people more happy. But there's a lot of if's and buts. It depends on current earnings and it also depends on what others around you earn and it levels off. And it's not logical in any way. Halving your wage but then quartering everyone else would make most people more happy (As per experiments) Commute time for instance is something studies show people don't realise the negative effects on happiness. So earning ten grand more will make you more happy but if it increases commute time you could end up less happy overall. And I think if you earn more but end up less happy you're more likely to waste the money on stuff or quitting your job or missing a promotion and many other things that might in the end make you earn less long term. If you want more money and the happiness that goes with it I think don’t concentrate on the money. I'd consider the current issue with MOOCs Every ones keen to sign up but attendance quick drops to 10-15% due to there being no forced attendance. Paying money for a course gives a degree of making you more likely to attend but perhaps for all people that's still not enough to maximise performance. I find this meme interesting. It seems to me A. Roger Ekirch (a historian) used confusing text to create a medical theory then popularised it. There is little to no one else saying it's true but somehow it's being spread as fact. Equally it's interesting no one is refuting it. It's a popular theory I've heard a lot of people mention. If it is hogwash why is the medial community not jumping in and saying there is no evidence of this? Very funny video and worth watching. But it's not even close to beating NES Games. I'm not a expert in AI but I'm not sure it actually achieves anything. I'd consider it more an art project than a computer science project. I went on a 'news fast' a while back and felt amazing after it. It might be herd vs individual health but watching / reading the news will not make you better off. I do think concentrating on knowledge of the world is important but I think this is separate from news. Ummm I'm not sure a parody site is the best example to be using. A 400 byte joke is kinda boring without all the pics and ads around it. Still not really funny at all..... > If there is a 1% chance the world will end unless we do x, we shouldn’t do a cost-benefit analysis. Instead, assuming x is feasible, we should simply do it. To me it's pretty simple this has a value and if doing the alternative is valued worse then no you don't do it. Everything has a value - smog, a lost lake, all lakes lost, death, extinction of animals, happiness. They can be hard to find but we can make approximations around probability curves. The real issue is when you start valuing things like the environment and life people turn off because they can't handle the fact a Starbucks coffee has a higher value than millions of the worlds humans. And while they blank this stuff out it makes change hard.