Hopefully it's simply to obscure to get any kind of pre-order status. Yeah, the whole 34/68GB is all on a single beefy server. There are systems that let you access remote node's memory in a NUMA type system over fast interconnects, but they're _very_ expensive and have horrible latency. Look up INTERCAL. Brainfuck isn't too hard, just tedious. INTERCAL on the other hand was designed to be as big of a pain in the ass ass possible. People like to use the phrase "fighting with the compiler," but this is a language where the compiler is actually actively out to get you. : ) Well, in their defense, while someone may not be called an Autocad engineer, they can certainly be called civil engineer focusing on concrete stresses. Calling them an Autocad engineer would be like me calling you an eclipse or vi programmer. Ultimately I think we're confusing tool and end product here. I think you're missing the original point I was trying to make. Java and .Net aren't really the tools, they're the medium in which you work. Just like that civil engineer understands the trade offs invovled with different kins of concrete ad using it in different ways, the Java programmer understands the trade offs involved with the API and VM, in addition to generic CS tradeoffs. Look at the following two fake resume excerpts: Bob T. Builder : Civil Engineer with Emphasis in Concrete Stress ---Skills--- Autocad : Industry Used Physics Modeling Software Suzie M. Hacker : Java Programmer ---Skills--- Eclipse : Ant They seem roughly equivalent to me... Actually, I think he did it on a significantly less powerful system. Just an Athlon64x2 or similar. CUDA could speed it up considerably. Actually the DMCA has an exemption for allowing software interoperability. This sounds like exactly the situation that it was designed not to protect against. I totally disagree with the point of this article. It's (fairly) easy to add features until you're UI is cluttered. The hard part is making the decision between what features need to be added and which detract from your final presentation. In most cases, I've found that the right balance finds itself closer to minimalism than not. He's tried to, but it exploded all of the computers in a five mile radius. Now he has nothing to blog with. I can't think of a modern OS/ISA combination where that's the case. State will get saved on a kernel mode stack (if not somewhere else totally). This is because the stack pointer is controlled by user mode, and you don't want it to do something like set the stack pointer to some area in kernel space, and then invoke a software interrupt in order to overwrite privileged code or data. This is a pretty commmon technique in video games generally referred to as "data driven design". Basically put as much of the runtime decisions that are made into a data value that can be tweaked by designers without having to ask an engineer to do it each time. That's too bad, I was really looking forward to playing around with TSX on some side projects. And as an engineer, this makes sense to me. True innovation in the field is respected just as much as if not more than implementation details. Not to mention the issues with reference counting in general. Having to make sure you don't have (even indirect) circular references means you have to explicitly think about ownership anyway. IMO, the fact that they decided to respond at all is a really good sign for the viability of RISC-V. > Wherever you would have written "socket.close()", in rust you can just say "drop(socket)". The difference is, it takes advantage of the ownership system to statically prove that you won't try to use the socket after close. Does a drop somehow say something to the type system as well, disallowing reads and writes afterwards? I'm new to rust, sorry if that's a stupid question. Linux won't run on most Cortex-Ms that this is for. These devices have 192KB of RAM on the high end and no MMU. It's back up now. To play devil's advocate, I can't think of a single mainstream distro that doesn't fork and patch the kernel as well. And one of Android's original use models was a non touch screen connected to a keyboard (mainly for Blackberry style smartphones before they were sure that slates would take off, but still...). And it's what's being done now on mainframes too. What was lacking in the commodity processor space was hardware support for mature hypervisors that stay out of the data plane (IBM got this right pretty close to the first try). We're almost there, but there's still some work IMO. Because you don't use libraries? Actually OS/400 isn't quite what I'm talking about (despite being really cool!). {AS|OS}/400 is more like a cross between a minicomputer and all of those promises of a Java OS we were given in the 90's. I'm talking more about the mainframe level stuff, like z/TPF on the software side and adding address space tags to the channels on the hardware side. Basically that last one is a better implementation of an IO/MMU where a device knows that it's probably running under a hypervisor, can get requests directly from multiple VMs without the hypervisor's intervention, and the VMs requests are implicitly tagged with the address space of the VM so it's still memory safe. ie. a VM can't request DMA from a device that would be outside of it's allocated space, but it can still directly ask the device for DMA without involving the hypervisor directly, and the device can service multiple VMs (that last bit is what isn't really present with current IO/MMUs). Since Lua is Portuguese for "moon", is this a Sailor Moon reference? It's a pretty standard RISC about halfway between SH4 and ARM in RISCiness(TM). It's memory map is a little different. (For MIPS32 at least, not sure what KSEG of MIPS64 looks like) 80000000-9FFFFFFF is fixed to a cached view of the first 512MB of physical memory. A0000000-BFFFFFFF is fixed to an uncached view. Everything else is only accessible by mapping it via the MMU (both from a physical and virtual context). Last I played with MIPS cores, they were only soft fill TLBs, but maybe that's changed. Thumb2 is more expressive than MIPS16 IMO (but that's just, like, my opinion, man). Other than that, the microarchitectual differences between individual implementations greatly outweigh the influence of the ISA, but for an in order design at least you can probably make a MIPS that'll compete well with an ARM for less transistors. I'm starting to see more and more Cortex-Ms with DRAM interfaces. STM32F427s added them to their FSMC peripheral (their new discovery board has 32MB of DRAM actually). Yes, it does. SD cards are not really designed for being used as a root file system. They are OK at streaming writes and reads, but once you start getting non sequential they slow down like you wouldn't believe. Which, yes, I know, is super weird for what should just be some glue logic around a NAND. I was investigating corruption and performance problems with our root filesystem on an SD card. The cards would be great a obvious benchmark style tasks, but when I recorded the block access pattern from our driver and replayed that on a Linux desktop with O_DIRECT, we'd not only get under 200KiB/s average access speed (which matched what we were seeing on the embedded system), but we would also get corrupted sectors (ie. we write it just fine, but we just get an error back from the card when we go to read the sector) in less than a day of sustained writes (once again at only 200KiB/s). And this was with high quality SanDisk cards that were then verified by them to be real cards (for a while we thought that clones had made their way into our supply chain). Using a weird form factor eMMC chip in an SD card got rid of these issues. There's also "industrial" SD cards that are around the same price that I suspect are basically the same thing. Yeah, it was almost certainly firmware bugs combined with already marginal NANDs. ie. the NANDs probably would have been fine if they were babysat a little better, but they were probably bottom of the barrel. That's kind of the SD card market in a nut shell any way. That being said we tried many different SD cards from quality vendors and found pretty heavy bugs and performance related issues among all of the non "industrial" versions. So, yes, the problems don't have to be intrinsic to the form factor, but empirically you're more likely than not to have issues with them. Most "bigger" SoCs have a secondary processor for SoC bringup/boot. (It's not uncommon to see a tiny ARM7 or something in this role). Since Broadcom succeeded in making a particularly general purpose core for their GPU (it seems that the GPU runs a full RTOS written in C), it only makes sense (well, to me at least) that it could take over that role as well to save on the transistor budget. As someone who's been trying to hire for a robotics programmer for a long time: Need to have: Systems/RTOS experience. ie. not spend a week chasing your tail when you stupidly put a printf in an ISR which changes timing so the code works, but then when you pull out the printf it stops working. Be able to read schematics and datasheets. I'm not expecting you to design a board (we have EEs for that), but you should absolutely be able to be given a schematic and a datasheet and then write a driver for a simple peripheral. Basic understanding of control theory. Being able to articulate what a PID loop is and why open control loops are a bad idea is probably good enough. Being a self directed learner. Robotics tends to be fairly low volumes all things considered (or atleast my branch of it). We have issues with vendor support not really caring about what happens to us since our volumes are so low. We therefore have to own significantly more of our tooling and have to be able to peer in to what our vendors would prefer to be treated as black boxes quite a bit. Any RE experience would go a really long way here in my book. Nice to have: Good understanding of mechanical engineering/physics terms like stiction. Ostensibly if you have the skillsets written above this you can be taught this, but this lowers the bar for hiring you quite a bit. #2 For tight loops on the GBA you wanted 32bit ARM instructions in an area of RAM with 32bit accesses. There was a performance penalty both for using thumb and for running non thumb out of ROM (the bus to ROM was only 16bits). If there was a lack of WRAM for some reason it would totally make sense to put a tight loop into VRAM. (And for whatever reason Nintendo is really into putting random stuff into VRAM. On the DS, one of the ARM7 images would put WLAN packet buffers into an unused VRAM bank to reduce pressure on other RAM banks). I don't know, I thought the computer work was actually a pretty good visual metaphor for proof assistant software like Coq. http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Proof_assistant IANAL, but I'm not sure Ford actually has a leg to stand on. 1) If I understand it correctly this data could be considered a list of facts and thus isn't copyrightable (just like a table of contents, or the list of ingredients in recipe). If it's not copyrightable, then the DMCA doesn't apply. See Lexmark Int'l v. Static Control Components. 2) The DMCA has a specific exemption for "interoperability purposes" which I could see this falling under as well but that's a weaker argument. Ostensibly DMCA claims are made under threat of perjury which is supposed to be the check and balance. That being said I can't think of a single case of that portion of the law being enforced. Unfortunately if a group were to take the action that you suggest, they would forfeit their safe harbor and be able to be sued just as had as the original "infringer". You don't get hardly any leeway in responding to DMCA requests. I haven't seen it on hacker news, but have seen it on reddit and Facebook. Facebook I can see depending significantly more on your specific social network. > after being short-changed with only a 23% raise in income in the last 10 years Inflation has been ~40% in the same period you know... Most C++ RTOSs I'd call unikernels, just generally targeted to a custom board rather than a VM. But the targeting is a driver issue, not something intrinsic to the architecture. Could a piece of this simply be that in the 1860's the US hadn't really surpassed the grandeur Greek and Roman empires at their peak, but now we have? You could argue the same for the Greek and Roman empires at their height too. Not really, I'd say that in either case my original point still stands. Nobody other than you said anything about banning sports. No, it doesn't appear that they do publicly. If you read the disassembly you'll see that it's first a byte by byte compare of the logo data, followed by the checksum of the header data. ; ===== Nintendo logo comparison routine ===== Addr_00E0: LD HL,$0104 ; $00e0 ; point HL to Nintendo logo in cart LD DE,$00a8 ; $00e3 ; point DE to Nintendo logo in DMG rom Addr_00E6: LD A,(DE) ; $00e6 INC DE ; $00e7 CP (HL) ; $00e8 ;compare logo data in cart to DMG rom JR NZ,$fe ; $00e9 ;if not a match, lock up here INC HL ; $00eb LD A,L ; $00ec CP $34 ; $00ed ;do this for $30 bytes JR NZ, Addr_00E6 ; $00ef On the trademark side of things, it's not enforceable. Not sure about the copyright side. http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Sega_Enterprises_Ltd._v._Accola... . Thanks, do you know why HN strips the period off of the link? http://thecodelesscode.com/case/100 'IP' in this context is just hardware speak for a given implementation. A lot of the Boulder local politics around "don't change anything" is really just code for "lets not build anymore housing so the property values continue to skyrocket". I'm really starting to get tired of it... And phones in nearly all cases are limited by thermal profile. That's what keeps you from running at full tilt on a mobile device even when plugged in. Where do you guys stand on "open source" synthetic biology (like BioBricks or OpenWetWare)? Will we see any source from you guys, whether it be of the von Neumann or the Crick variety? That had more to do with the fact that Windows depends on the Trident than the other way around. Stuff like the help files used mshtml.dll. Yes, GPUs these days have an MMU and the idea of multiple contexts in order to separate processes from one another. No garbage collector so I can actually use it in embedded situations. GPUs these days have MMUs and have address spaces allocated per context. It's implemented internally to the driver though so you don't see it. And it's normally mapped differently, but the point of AMD's HSA stuff is to make the CPU's and GPU's MMU match up. I don't see a patent grant... When you're a child, language acquisition isn't a zero sum game. We solved that by making ATMs unmanageably heavy. Not the best option for a drone. Or, do if you're out of fucks to give. > Why does DOD need ten /8s? Of that list, I can actually see the DoD needing 240M IP addresses. And having a monopoly isn't illegal. Monopolistic behavior is. Skype was pretty famous for the amount of effort it went through to shield itself from reverse engineering. My day job is currently writing embedded high availability code to a slightly modified version of the JSF coding standard (which is itself a modified version of MISRA for C++). There's a lot of safety that Rust would give us on top of C++ with the coding standard's rules, and we're waiting for Rust to simply mature a little. JITs and interpreters suck for realtime, and there's only so many optimizations that an AOT compiler can do to a Java codebase (hence why JITs ar so prevalent for Java). Pushing all of these verifications into compile time significantly reduces the run time requirements. Honestly I see Rust as (potentially, down the road) being a better, less verbose Ada than a better C++ or Java. You tend to write Rust code much like you would an Ada or VHDL program. You'll like this: http://www.folklore.org/StoryView.py?story=Negative_2000_Lin... So I've had a question about stellar mass black holes that I can't seem to be able to get answered (the question was deleted for /r/askscience). How does a stellar mass black hole actually form a singularity given the fact that there's gravitational time dilation? Wouldn't the heart of a black hole slow down relative to an outside observer as mass is added to it so that you never actually reach infinite density? It seems like you're fighting the upwards curve of a parabola to make that happen, and meanwhile you're releasing pressure from above via hawking radiation. My question isn't along the lines of how visible it is to an outside observer, it's more of how can a singularity itself form? It seems like you can't reach infinite density in finite time given gravitational time dilation. Sure, it doesn't matter really to an outside observer, I just threw that in to hit home the time dilation aspect. You seem to be assuming a preexisting singularity. My question is how does that singularity get there if the compaction itself that would form the singularity continually pushes the goal post down the line? No, singularities aren't a red herring here, they are very muchthe core of what I'm asking. I don't really care that much about the event horizon (at least for this specific question : ) ). Imagine two neutron stars colliding and forming a black hole. Now imagine the particle inside one of these that's closest to where the singularity's point would be upon formation. How does that singularity form given that the actual compaction that creates it also continually keeps pushing the goal post farther away due to gravitational time dilation. The dev board in the picture gallery says that it's an openRISC softcore. Maybe they've migrated to an ARM in the real formfactor? EDIT: Here are the ARM drivers in the OS. https://github.com/ProjectVault/orp/tree/master/software/os/... It's a CortexM. Here's the RTL BTW: https://github.com/ProjectVault/orp/tree/master/hardware/mse... Eh, a lot of industry doesn't write as many test benches as they should. I've worked for companies that have written no test benches. But, ostensibly, there's going to be thunderbolt devices soon which, while having a USB Type-C plug, won't work in a regular USB port despite the Type-C plug. I'm running off of the assumption that Thunderbolt continues to use a different physical layer (which it pretty much has to to go faster than USB 3.1), and is piggy backing on USB Type-C's "Alternate Mode" which lets you negotiate different physical layers that you have a transceiver for. EDIT: Looks like my assumption is correct: http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/USB_Type-C Because even above the physical layer, the two protocols are very, very different to the point that you're nearly doubling the amount of work that you have to do. USB at it's core is a host polled interface that looks like a network, and Thunderbolt is at it's core a multimaster RDMA interface. You'd basically be designing two different devices. That's actually not really how it works[0]. It's more that a ring 0 can manipulate an alternate context, but only for contexts that it can create. So guests can themselves be hypervisors for contexts that they themselves create. There's nothing stopping a guest from executing virtualization instructions[1]. That being said there is a sort of ring -1 called SMM mode. [0] And this is why you shouldn't rely on wiki. Particularly since it looks like the deletionists are winning their war. It's source is informationweek in this case... [1] Well, that's not totally true. When setting up the context for a guest you can signal that you as the hypervisor want to get trapped on lots of different types of privileged operations. ie. you can optionally, explicitly disallow the guest to use virtualization extensions. But it's opt in, not policy set by AMD/Intel. I thought that just being LLVM bitcode wasn't enough to guarantee portability like the author assumes that it is. There's ABI specific pieces that are still not abstracted in the bitcode like struct packing rules. Actually AS/400 byte code has 128 bit pointers. It was originally implemented on a 48 bit processor (weird 70's architectures FTW!). I'm hoping that we'll have that with Ara. It's PCI-E like bus means you could have a GPIO breakout module for dirt cheap. Basically. That's how most constitutional arguments work. And in fact the kernel space interface doesn't abstract much at all. All of this Vulkan/Metal/DX12 stuff really looks like someone decided to simply export the kernel level interface in a cleaner way. Probably because the cache line changes from Exclusive to Owned in MOESI. Probably farther out since they'd have to reimburse Goldman Sachs for lost profits on 36 if they built the train. Last time I checked, Rust wasn't great for intrusive data structures, as well as non-tree graphs. Is this better now? By intrusive data structures, I mean data structures where the per node metadata is stored within the struct of the data rather than externally. Linux's list_head is a good example of this. Having one less pointer indirection can make it a bit more cache friendly. And yes, Rust can handle non tree graphs as well as any other unmanaged languages, but the heavy use of 'unsafe' makes me feel icky. : ) This is done in quite a few places including GPUs. Are there any plans to get into content production? There are a lot of languages that really lack a lot of natively produced video content (Pulaar, Malinke, etc). IMO, that's the only way I can see for you to protect yourself from your niche being simply eaten by Netflix et al. I think he's including the PPE in his count of 9 processors. Eh, as long as it's on the other side of a hardware based IO-MMU, I'm not super concerned. The PowerVR guys appear to be running a full RTOS w/ memory protection on their GPU FWIW. The journalist is lying. Carefully look at the tachometer when he says that he can't accelerate, it's running at normal speed. The part before that showed the tach dropping to zero. The cut away to the journalist talking about how he didn't have control then shows the tach at normal. It doesn't take a rocket scientist to tell that it's staged. Wait, ELF64 and a pointer going into a 32 bit register? It appears to be pretty open source. http://lxr.free-electrons.com/source/arch/s390/kvm/ You're also up against hardware hackers who stand to make a buck selling prepackaged hardware exploits (AKA modchips). You'd be surprised how much resources these guys have available to them. The way I think of it is that volatile is for making sure the instructions are there and in the right order in the instruction stream. You may need to do other things to get around the processor's side of optimizations like store queues and caches depending on the context. Well, they don't really care about software attacks as much since those don't make them as much money. It's also fairly difficult for a remote hack because everything leaving the console has to go through an IPSEC tunnel to pass cert (at least on the 360). And you'd be surprised how secure you can get a game console these days from a hardware perspective. For instance, on the 360, all stacks and everything in the hypervisor is encrypted with a per boot random key and hashed as it leaves L2 for main memory. If the hash doesn't match on the way back, the system resets. You're very protected from DMA attacks. Particularly of the kind that that's easily reproducible and able to be sold in mass. Yeah, I'd love to read that if it's not too much effort. : ) It's because since your healthcare is intrinsically linked to your employment, it gives management a leg up on labor. Eh, JITs aren't the most complicated things on the planet. There's plenty of people who can do it outside of QuickTransit. Like, look inside most emulators. They already did that in the 90s when they collaborated with ARM on their first chip as a company split off from Acorn. This chip was the ARM610 for the Newton. It is pretty much the predecessor to every ARM chip sold today, with the possible exception of the Cortex-Ms. x86 is rough, but ARM is still a fairly clean ISA.