Funny, that's exactly how I work with Fortran (2008). And I have Syntastic in Vim nag me every time I save if I made a mistake that the compiler catches. A great advantage over C/C++ is that even on 30 000+ LoC projects split into many files, compiling from clean takes less than 30 seconds. "implicit none", of course. I beg your pardon? I've used valgrind for this purpose on large scientific codes running with MPI on supercomputers. And that works fine. The PETSc team at Argonne National Lab, who write perhaps the most used high-performance parallell linear algebra library in existence in C use valgrind for debugging. Surely those count as non-trivial applications? Yes, I'm convinced that someone is already hacking away at this. Just look at the state of all eBook DRM being currently broken, and that's a much tougher nut to crack (and publishers have much higher financial gains at stake). Also, since no-one else has mentioned it: analog hole. Michelson and Morley called, they want their interferometer back. (In case this is too much of an in-joke: your theory was experimentally proven to be false more than a century ago.) There's this thing called a "jasager" that you might also be interested in looking into. Particularly combined with airdrop-ng. I was a bit shocked when I learned how that particular aspect of 802.11 is implemented. I'm on a similar kind of program in Norway, and I agree with you. Sure there are ups and downs, but most people enjoy and recommend the experience. Also, don't make yourself think from the beginning that those Ivy League guys are so much better. Go out there with the intention to kick their ass; that's the only way you will be able to do so. My project is part of an academia-industry collaboration which is funded by the Norwegian Research Council and by three external companies, and organized by a university. This particular collaboration is small, I'm the only PhD student, but there are many others, some quite big. For the people who prefer to bikeshed around gender issues and don't know their history of programming languages: this is not just a pun on that book, but also on the essay "Real Programmers Don't Use Pascal" published in Datamation magazine in 1983. Which is by the way correct in pointing out that Real Men use neither Vi nor Emacs, but TECO. Oh yeah, and Real Man is a gender-neutral title in this context, like "fireman". This setup should be able to do IMSI catching (total hardware cost $750): http://hackaday.com/2014/07/05/a-gsm-base-station-with-softw... Inverted brewing is by far the best, but if you want to stick with the standard method, buying a metal filter helps a lot. Able brewing sells a very good laser-cut stainless steel one. There's a fascinating example in computational studies that partly explains this: if you have people of different groups moving around randomly on a lattice, even a very slight preference (51%/49%) for being next to people in the same group as oneself ends up leading to a self-segregated pattern. EDIT: see e.g http://ccl.northwestern.edu/netlogo/models/Segregation When I started university I had a laptop with a 80 MHz, 8MB memory discrete GPU ;) I believe it was an ATI Rage LT Pro. I've also seen it suggested that the oil price drop is a "stealth" sanction against Russia, but I don't follow the logic. Why do the Saudis want to sanction Russia? Unless one presumes some unspecified quid-pro-quo conspiracy between the US and the Saudis, I don't see it. I thrink driving the volatility up like this slows the investment rate in US shale oil significantly, and that's what the Saudis are doing. There was a discussion of this a few weeks ago on the mailinglist of a scientific software project I use. The people were very clearly divided into the "Flash does it, so it's ok" and "omg no, think of the user privacy" camps, it was quite interesting. That's a good point actually. It fits with the principle of least confusion. (The software I mentioned is a command line tool/library.) Funny story: two years ago, back when anything electronic was banned during takeoff/landing, I was flying to Svalbard. If you don't know it, it's a very beautiful, very cold island north of Norway. During final approach, the sunset was so beautiful that the flight attendants went "ah, screw it" and turned on their phones to take pictures. Naturally everyone else did as well. It's also noteworthy that an apocalyptic or post-apocalyptic setting is vastly easier to write well than a modern technological society. Just the benefits of being able to limit the number of characters interacting to ~ 10 in a plausible way are huge. Unless you're envisioning spacecraft with literally hundreds of astronauts, the first will be anything but easy to solve. Doesn't help having an awesome spaceship if everyone on board goes batshit crazy after six months. RStudio is bringing org-mode to those of us who don't (know|want to learn) emacs. I like it a lot. I, for one, think it's awfully naive to think that all collection of information by the intelligence community is an outrage. Authorities collecting information has been going on for about as long as our species has had language. I guess we had a pretty good history teacher. She drilled into our minds that any important historical event usually had an underlying cause, a corroborating cause and a triggering cause (and often more than one of each category). So for instance on WWI, we learnt not only about Archduke Ferdinand and the Serbian "Black Hand" movement, but also about the geopolitical frictions that already existed between Austria-Hungary and Russia over the Balkan situation, etc. You joke, but a fellow PhD student on exchange from Pakistan mentioned that one successful professor in his university (having published ~ 400 papers on fluid mechanics) would refuse to take on married PhD students, because their wives would limit their working hours too much. Since a large part of initial Tor development was funded by the US Navy and then DARPA, I think it's a safe bet that the NSA et al. have been doing this ever since the first public release. Nice! There was a different tool in the same category, aptly named "Comcast", featured on HN a few weeks ago: https://github.com/tylertreat/Comcast In the US there are, sadly, big financial interests in keeping the prison population high (the prison industry complex). Couple with what seems to be a very high reluctance towards giving someone who is mentally ill treatment instead of prison, and no real public mental health care, and you get what you get. I'm curious as to how you guys manage to crash the OS by using too much RAM. As an engineer, I semi-frequently use up all the RAM+swap on my desktop (running Arch Linux) by various CFD programs, blender etc. When that happens, I go get a cup of coffee, and when I come back the system is OK, except for the offending program which has segfaulted/crashed. I think you would be surprised at how much closer a $200 Canon P&S is to your DSLR than your iPhone both in terms of image quality and precision of operation. If you know how to use one. Example: this was taken with a Canon Powershot A610 that cost me $250 around seven years ago: http://folk.ntnu.no/asmunder/files/images/nudibranch.jpg In petroleum-related industries in Northern and Western Europe you can be looking at $70k a year after your MSc and almost 100 after your PhD. My starting salary was $68k after my MSc, worked 6 months before being given an offer I couldn't refuse to go get a PhD (unpaid leave from the company, getting a $50k/year scholarship from the government and paying zero tuition), expecting to make around $95k when I'm finished and go back to the company. This is on par with statistics I've seen for my industry. Social democracies and all that... Unless you're doing something extremely complicated, linking to data outside the Excel file or abusing Excel for a purpose where some other tool would be far better, this interoperability has been provided by open/libre-office and the various mobile office suites (read-only) for many years. Microsoft's attempts at vendor lock-in notwithstanding. This cloudiness is the wrong solution, the right one would be for MS to stop actively sabotaging interoperability. When I was in school ~ 5 years ago, handing in anything not produced in LaTeX was an automatic fail for the assignment. This was a department rule. I majored in physics though. Never paid a dollar for Office nor Windows (since I don't use them), and I don't ever plan to. Bingo. Though I have Danish friends (at DTU) who are not any worse off. Friends in the UK and France get less during their PhDs, but the engineering salaries before/after seem to be on par with what I said. Actually a quite good, if quite brief, explanation of quasiparticles in various forms. Alas, the author did not give his audience sufficient benefit of the doubt as to embark upon an equally brief explanation of the pn junction as an example, which would have made this so much more interesting. Full disclosure: I am a physicist. I'm going to have to steal your opening quote, for times when I have to keep it real*8. Source? If that's the attack, then it's well known that PGP is also vulnerable to the same thing: http://www.asheesh.org/note/debian/short-key-ids-are-bad-new... I can safely infer from your post that you have never repaired anything on a car. I'm talking about the "getting so dirty you have to use Dawn Ultra as shampoo" part of the experience. Glass wouldn't last a minute. I usually even remove my Casio G-Shock watch. zsh has a nice feature where rm is only interactive if you are deleting everything in a folder. Another safety feature I really like in zsh is to tab-expand wildcards, so I can check that it's not deleting anything it shouldn't. Saying that quantum mechanics is an inherently statistical theory is a blatant misrepresentation. Precisely the point that makes QM so weird is that it is not caused by statistics. In a (properly set up) double slit experiment, a single electron is simultaneously travelling through both slits and causing an interference pattern. Interestingly enough, Motorola is one of the good guys in this regard, and they make very good phones as well: http://solutions-network.org/site-sfhtantalum/ From a CFD perspective, I think this analysis is flawed because of two things: 1) any organization thinking about buying a 1000-core cluster will have at least one in-house code. The reason being that none of the commercial ones really scale well to much beyond 50 cores. And that changes the comparison a lot, since any external support for an in-house code will be really expensive. (If you've ever looked at an in-house CFD code, you'd generally be mortified at the coding.) 2) they say that hardware costs are only 1/3 of total costs, but they are assuming a slow-ass interconnect that no-one in their right mind is considering today. Once you go up to a real HPC cluster with 1:1 non-blocking FDR or dual-rail QDR, hardware costs are more like 3/4. And really, you need that kind of interconnect to be able to scale around the memory bandwidth bottleneck, which any code that does stencil operations is bound by. But if your organization is, say, a Gromacs shop working on chemical engineering, it could make sense. Well, from that perspective, an analog temperature sensor is flooding your ADC with infinite GB/s. For further comparison: the fastest CPUs you can get nowadays have an aggregated memory bandwidth of ~ 90 GB/s using four lanes. Yeah, well, 4x DDR4 DIMMs have 4x288 = 1152 pins. If you want to be two orders of magnitude faster than that, you're talking on the order of 100 000 pins, which is just absurd. That is a very bleak, and, if I may say so, quite sexist world view. Or I guess I should count myself lucky that in my work/social environments, people don't base their respect of other people on gender, but on behaviour and attitude. Also, I don't necessarily see vigilance against a potential attacker as wrongheaded. I see it as sensible, you're hedging against a very-low-probability but very-dire-consequence risk. No matter how close we come to complete gender equality, there will always be mentally disturbed persons who will attack people weaker than them. (Note that I am not saying that most assailants or rapists have mental disorders, it seems the research says only ~ 10% do.) I clicked this post because I assumed Non-Linear Programming. Was disappointed. For comparison, the cost of downtime for a single oil rig is on the order of $100 per second. Petrobras, as an example, operates 70 rigs and has a market cap of $125 billion. Facebook has a market cap of $216 billion. (source for cost: Cormorant Alpha shutdown in 2013) Edit: misplaced parenthesis => my first number was way off, $70 000 vs $100. Redid analysis, made mental note not to do math before coffee intake. Except one leaves the congressperson happy and one leaves the congressperson angry. Do you think the angry or the happy person is most likely to anonymously disclose this information to a journalist? Gah, misplaced a parenthesis. You are correct. I shouldn't do math before I've had coffee. I'm not convinced that the iPad was all that revolutionary, I think that 2009/10 was the year when the hardware needed to build a successful tablet became cheap enough to build a profitable one. The equally successful Galaxy Tab launched just half a year later, and Samsung obviously didn't start working on it after the iPad launch. It really was an "obvious" thing given the wild success of smartphones (not that the engineering/software/UX work was in any way trivial). Back in 2010 I was given an HTC Touch Pro 2 that ran the positively ancient Windows Mobile (hence "given"). Someone had ported both Android and Ubuntu to it, and I used it with Android as my primary phone for some months. The hardware was great, the UX on Android was OK, but had enough quirks that it was replaced with an LG P500 (which lasted for 2.5 years; now that was a great phone). So you really mean that Microsoft sold 10 million phones last quarter? Nokia knows how to make dumbphones, nothing new there. That those appear on MS's balance sheet does not imply anything about the capabilities of MS. Many manufacturers do actually sell you these upgrades. Mercedes has AMG chip tuning, Volvo calls their stuff Polestar (swedes and their funny english), BMW does it at least for the 1-series, etc etc. In most cases it includes not only ECU remapping but also cooling upgrades. As for throttling the engine to sell at a different price point: in many countries this relates to government taxation on horsepowers. I don't see this as particularly nefarious by the car manufacturers. s/power/torque/ And saying a Tesla would have no benefit of a gearbox is a bit strong. There are reasons to believe [1] it would increase efficiency at the cost of more complexity. [1] http://www.gizmag.com/new-multi-speed-electric-vehicle-trans... We do have pretty good aurora forecasting though, through satellites upstream in the solar wind. There are even smartphone apps for that, I'll plug this one that a friend of mine was involved in: https://play.google.com/store/apps/details?id=no.unis.Aurora... This. Basically, Windows for scientific software is as bad as Linux was for 3D FPS gaming fifteen years ago. Just ask anyone who has tried compiling anything scientific under Cygwin. And don't get me started on MS's own compilers. They STILL don't support C99, a sixteen year old standard for one of the most important programming languages! So? The Linux ecosystem is the best there is for science. Period. Even OSX lags behind, just look at all the work people put into MacPorts and Homebrew just to get it almost on par with Linux. To this day, none of those systems properly handle the case of multiple packages providing implementations of a library that other packages depend on (e.g. OpenMPI vs. MPICH). Not to talk down on the guys working on that, they are very talented, and the amount of effort they put in is of huge value to the community. (Hello Sean, hello Geoff.) Well, yes, I'll give you that "scientific software" is indeed too broad. If I restrict it to "software developed by teams of scientists working at universities and research labs" it's better. And yes, lots of data aquisition stuff is Windows only, particularly the stuff that gets sold along instruments. But then, in that category, the trend seems to be requiring a (preferrably air-gapped) PC running XP. I've even seen stuff running only on Win98 still in use, and I've seen software for rheometers that is STILL distributed on 3.5" floppies. And don't get me started on the "needs-crypto-usb-dongle-to-function" stuff - someone should really tell them that the $300k instrument is a sufficient protection against software piracy. From what I gather, Qt has "won" the war, if there was ever such a thing, but GTK and Cairo will not be going away. What are your gripes with Cairo, anyways? Also, when you start getting into scientific software, very few projects explicitly state "Runs best on Linux" even though that may be the case. If you are looking for examples though, I will give some: PETSc/Elemental/Trilinos/etc Clawpack/PyClaw/OpenFOAM/etc Gromacs/NAMD/HOOMD/Quantum Espresso/etc Julia/Nimrod/etc Paraview/VisIt/VMD/etc OpenMPI/MPICH/MVAPICH/etc ImageJ/Fiji/etc GNU Radio/RTL-SDR/etc There's tons of it out there! Personally, I'm not too excited about PyPy, because it has little promise of speeding up the two typical use cases for Python in the kind of scientific code I care about: 1. Python is used to setup/glue together code that is written in a compiled langugage. 2. Someone writes a code by starting out writing everything in Python, then profiling and identifying the slow parts, and then writing these in a compiled language. Edit: example of 1): HOOMD-blue, example of 2): PyClaw. We had to explain this repeatedly to several vendors the last time we were buying a small-ish (30 TB) file server. They seemed very skeptical of this concept that we were storing lots of data in compressed binary formats. We are actually not so far away from hitting the ceiling with batteries. There are fundamental physical reasons for why you can't put much more than 1eV per atom in a battery. That equates roughly to 850 Wh/kg, if memory serves, and we are currently pushing Li-ion towards 300 Wh/kg. So we can only keep growing at 5% for another couple of decades or so. Regardless of battery chemistry. What people often do to hide this fact is talk about energy density, Wh/L, where growth can continue for longer, at the expense of making batteries heavier. I think it is misleading to say it was due to reduce power demands. Rather it was due to needing to cool the damned things. If you were to have a 500W TDP chip, you would either need a crazy huge cooling system or a much bigger surface area. Consumers want light and thin, so Bob's your uncle. The 1eV per atom is really a rule of thumb, but easy to understand: At that value you are getting dangerously close to the ionization energy 13.6 eV for hydrogen, 5.4 eV for lithium), so you can no longer have a chemical battery. Note also that this is average eV for all atoms in the battery, so those actually providing electricity will be carrying atound 1.5 - 2 eV. See e.g. here: http://www.ohio.edu/people/piccard/radnotes/radioactive.html Aluminium was a useless novelty because we were unable to manufacture lots of it back then. Something to do with electrolysis requiring lots of electricity, I believe, and there weren't a huge number of electric powerplants operating in 1880. If it makes you feel any better, this would take up at least one two-hour lecture in a decent graduate-level university course on GR. If you are going to try and comprehend it on you own, I am personally fond of Simmonds' "A brief on tensor analysis" as an introduction to the way vectors are understood here. Why do you take your laptop home with you? Why not just leave it plugged in at work (or get a workstation with more power for less money)? Surely you can ssh (or vpn) in if you need to work from home? I was going for sarcasm, but oh well. And you could argue that the HH process would have been invented earlier if electrical powerplants has been invented earlier; the simultaneity of these two historical events is remarkable: the world's first public powerplant opened just 4 years before the discovery of the HH process. Here's a great article giving an even more indepth look at camera sensor technology: http://www.olympusmicro.com/primer/digitalimaging/cmosimages... FWIW, bitbucket lets you define the language of your repos. I've had good success with .svg from ggplot2. The only issue I've seen is that the legend for continuous color maps is glitchy. Especially if you try to touch up the plot in Inkscape. Regarding declining magstripe transactions: a friend of mine had a card with a literally broken (in half) chip. The magstripe still worked fine for many purchases in the UK, in particular, he never had any issues withdrawing cash from ATMs. So my guess is that cloning the magstripe onto a card with a deliberately broken chip will work in many situations. LEDs may have 50k hour lifetimes, but that's very far from true of the constant current drivers. I've had several expensive (Phillips/GE) LED bulbs fail after a year of sparse usage. That's more like 1.5k hours. The cheap chinese ones I also tried lasted on average four months (I bought 8 bulbs), all of them blew up electrolytic capacitors on the buckpucks (with release of magic smoke). As for the needing an electrician part: remote socket receivers are a well proven, cheap and safe technology requiring no electrician to install it. IMO, the Telldus offerings are the best solution for wireless/smart light controls. You really should check out Telldus ( http://www.telldus.se ). Their Tellstick Net is simple enough that my father installed his own setup at the summer house, where he has a thermo sensor and two heaters plugged in to remote socket receivers. So when my parents are going there for the weekend, he checks the app on his phone before leaving to see how cold it is, turns on one or both heaters from the app, and the place is warm when they arrive. All of this is available in brick-and-mortar stores in Europe, total cost is something like $200. If you do wish to purchase new books, get them from overseas. The "let's make an expensive US version and then a cheaper but identical international version, the latter being illegal to sell in the US" practice is horrible, and it is your moral obligation to circumvent it as best you can. When we moved in two years ago there was an intermittent earth fault, so we had everything checked then. They found the earth fault, it was a loose connector inside a T junction I believe. I'm more inclined to believe it is caused by the crappy wiring system that is standard in my country, where there is not a neutral lead and a live one, but two live ones with a phase shift. Neither the sensor elements in a camera nor the pixels in a monitor are selective for a single wavelength, but rather a spectrum. So we don't actually approximate cone response that way. The fact that we store the channel values as three integers does not change this. Many of the places that work well for solar panels are far away from the people who use electricity. Hydrogen is a good energy storage solution, to the point that eg. Australia and Saudi Arabia are contemplating commercial operations, nicknamed "solar fuels": http://reneweconomy.com.au/2014/abe-visit-may-hasten-solar-f... My personal definition: when you are getting paid to do essentially the same as what you would be doing if you had 20 million dollars and no obligations. Agreed. This[1] xkcd comic applies to almost every Nautilus article I've ever seen. [1] http://xkcd.com/1240/ Cars have been like this for years. This forum post [1] from 2004 discusses VIN specific coding, so that phenomenon is at least ten years old. [1] http://forum.roadfly.com/archive/index.php/t-8237302.html?s=... The popular CHDK custom firmware for Canon compact cameras subverts the write-protect tab on the SD card to be a CHDK on/off switch. So it's widely known that software may ignore this switch. I own several SSDs, but have never updated any firmwares. How do you get notified? I see. All my computers run ArchLinux. Guess I should skim through the manufacturers recommendations some time. A friend of mine, working on his PhD in a European university which shall not be named, is using a really old 15 watt ruby laser for some experiments. One day last year it would not turn on, and he and his labmates spent hours trying to diagnose the problem. Finally one of them, exasperated, put his elbow on top of the laser cabinet with a deep sigh, whereupon the laser promptly started working. Excited, they found a big piece of steel and duct-taped it to the top of the cabinet in that very place, with a big "DO NOT MOVE"-note, and the laser has been working fine ever since. I, for one, believe that continued economic growth needs continued growth in global energy production, and that we will be unable to maintain this growth over the next century for thermodynamic reasons. This will be the big shit-hits-the-fan moment of the coming years, not climate change or wars. We literally have to throw centuries of economics out the window. I see that none of you have heard of Carnot efficiency, or even the second law of thermodynamics. Even if we were to get electric energy from magical pink unicorns that produced no heat, the usage of that energy would produce waste heat. And no, you can't just pump heat into space; if we could that would easily solve global warming. Sometimes it's best to do the math before claiming stuff. Now, using thermal radiation from a metal puts your emission spectrum at blackbody radiation around or below 2000 Kelvin, and in that band around 50% of your emitted energy will be absorbed by the atmosphere (thus will not leave earth). Your heat pump going from 293 K to 2000 K will have a laughably low Carnot efficiency (the highest efficiency allowed by thermodynamics): for every Joule of heat you pump from the earth to the sphere, you have to use more than 20 Joules from our magical unicorns. Of these 20 Joules, 10 will be absorbed by the atmosphere and heat the earth. But you have only removed one Joule of heat from the earth. Thus your apparatus is not able to cool the earth, in fact it will be heating the earth by a lot. Alright, thermodynamics + not requiring magic (except the unicorns) then. Thermodynamics has everything to do with it; if it were not for the Carnot limit on heat pump efficiency, your proposed scheme for heat removal would work fine. If it were not for the Carnot limit, we would have no problem growing global energy consumption at 2-3% per year (i.e. exponentially) for a hundred more years. So, if you put your apparatus anywhere but in the low atmosphere, how do you expect it to pump heat from the low atmosphere (where the heat is)? I'm not on any high horse, but I'm surprised at how quickly people dismiss this problem as absurd. It's quite obvious if you know some engineering thermodynamics. I think people dismiss it out of cognitive dissonance, since they don't want another unfixable world problem. I like how you say "boutique shop", that has to be one of the most american redundantisms I've seen in a while. I think it's quite safe to assume that the first AGIs will require the biggest supercomputers in the world to run. Since these have severly restricted network access it would be very hard for the AGI to escape. If we're afraid of AGIs the system would likely be airgapped on the first runs. And an escaped AGI running in the cloud or on a botnet would be slowed down by a few orders of magnitude due to network latency, making it less ominous. Bottom line, I don't see the hobbyist/grad student as a problem until we've had AGIs for a long time. You tried making people and it worked? Did you use the standard trick for making people, or is this more revolutionary? I agree: whenever you find yourself saying "I don't have time to learn this advanced tool that will make my life better, I have to ship now!", you should really take a moment and carefully verify that this is a good choice. (Sometimes it is a good choice though.) In the world of science, I have colleagues who have said this for ten years wrt. LaTeX vs. Word, or even just learning EndNote vs. typing up reference lists by hand. I cringe every time I watch them spend an order of magnitude more time on pure overhead, and always getting stuff wrong, for every single paper they put out. Apropos your hypothetical Intel throwing restrictions scenario: Intel has been considering [0] dropping OpenCL support on the Xeon Phi. Which is exactly that kind of asshole move. Not to say that Nvidia or AMD are good guys in this respect... [0] https://plus.google.com/105097056044353520580/posts/81ddzBqq... Apropos your hypothetical Intel throwing restrictions scenario: Intel has been considering [0] dropping OpenCL support on the Xeon Phi. Which is exactly that kind of asshole move. Not to say that Nvidia or AMD are good guys in this respect... [0] https://plus.google.com/105097056044353520580/posts/81ddzBqq... The lack of a package manager is a good thing, since this is the job of the operating system. That Windows and OSX have crappy/nonexisting package managers does not mean every language should roll its own. If the police in your city are not doing their job, you shouldn't resort to vigilantism, you should stage a protest. Ideally. What do you mean? The materials it is built from are FDA approved for food preparation up to 100 C. And what it produces is very far from espresso. Unless you call your americano an espresso. Exactly this. My ultra-highend desktop at work has a 1200W PSU. I also brew upside down, and I do get foam. But this is the same type of foam that you get with a french press. I think the difference is that this foam is caused by heat, while a good crema is caused by the pressure. It certainly tastes and looks different. Using a usb rubber ducky to take over their computer and write an email to yourself, saying something to the effect that "I was stupid and plugged a random usb key into my work machine" would be much better. Of course this is purely anecdotal, but amongst my friends and coworkers I've seen magsafe connectors fail at about the same rate as normal power adapters. Usually at the end where the wire goes into the wall plug brick part. You are very correct. The huge problem with this is that it focuses on toys . Now let me tell you, a two-year old does not give a crap if something is a toy or a water bottle or a folding ruler from daddys tool set. They will play with anything they find. You as a parent have to be vigilent and responsible. There's no app for that. True. Although I think it would be much better for durability if Apple used the same wire/power brick layout as everyone else: have the power brick in the middle of the wire, accepting 120/240 V from a standard "figure-eight" cord. Then that cord would be the one that breaks, and they cost $1 to replace. Of course this conflicts with Apple's business model...