With XorShift as the PRNG, Rust is now almost on par with C and beating the DMD and GDC D implementations. If the syntax were stable, and the standard library and documentation improved, then we'd seriously consider it as an alternative to C++ for parts of our current project. I should have made it clearer; when I said "Lazy evaluation often tricked me up", I meant that I made the stupid mistake of thinking Haskell could somehow magically evaluate the shortest branch first via lazy evaluation. I.e. lazy evaluation tricked led me to make mistakes due to expecting too much from it, not because of any inherent fault in lazy evaluation. Excellent, that was just the kind of thing I was looking for, thank you. It would be great to this documented in the Rust Tutorial section on vectors. My apologies, I was in a hurry; I'll try to put more effort into presentation in future. Are there prominent guidelines for good-looking code in Rust? The most recent Haskell version uses the MWC PRNG rather than Mersenne, reaching 1.05s (53% the speed of C). That's a respectable number, especially for such an expressive language. I imagine if someone could adjust it to use XorShift it would run even faster. Is it possible to use LLVM? That generally compiles faster code for me than GCC, although that may be because my LLVM version is slightly newer. Although it wouldn't really be relevant for the level generation we're doing unless the memory usage was outrageous, I'm open to including memory usage in the table for comprehensiveness's sake. What would you say is the best way to measure ram usage on Linux; is there something as simple as 'time ./ThisExecutable' is for measuring time? Take the code here: https://github.com/logicchains/levgen-benchmarks/blob/master... and run it. Then, take the same code, change the genRooms function to contain: where noFit = genRooms (n-1) (restInts) rsDone tr = Room {rPos=(x,y), rw= w, rh= h} x = rem (U.unsafeHead randInts) levDim y = rem (U.unsafeIndex randInts 1) levDim restInts = U.unsafeDrop 4 randInts w = rem (U.unsafeIndex randInts 2) maxWid + minWid h = rem (U.unsafeIndex randInts 3) maxWid + minWid And change: let rands = U.unfoldrN 10000000 (Just . next) gen to: let rands = U.unfoldrN 20000000 (Just . next) gen The running time should double. Does it? Or does it increase by orders of magnitude? The latter is what happens to me. Thanks, I've included max resident memory statistics on the benchmark. The benchmark now includes maximum resident memory usage. Go does indeed perform quite well (at least with 6g), using around 30MiB, compared to around 25/26MiB for the non-garbage-collected languages. Scala is memory-heavy, as expected, and Rust seems to use a surprising amount of memory for some reason. I'd like to test it with the new Rust-coded runtime, especially if it's faster, but I won't have time to build it for a couple of days. I actually avoided building it earlier because I thought the new scheduler was slower and needed time to mature (I think I read that it doesn't yet swap tasks between threads, or something along those lines?), but I must have misread. True. I didn't actually realise the Nimrod implementation was garbage collected, I just assumed for some reason it managed memory in a hidden manual way like the C++ implementation. Note that garbage collection may not actually occur in this benchmark; for the single threaded benchmark at least, the Go runtime didn't make a single call to the GC, so D and Nimrod might be similar. It's done differently in Go because someone else wrote it, and I found it to be faster than the version I wrote using a worker pool of 4 tasks. If you look closely you'll see it doesn't actually ever run more than 4 goroutines simultaneously. Thanks, that makes it faster than Scala. No worries. A commenter here submitted a faster version, so it uses that now instead anyway. GCC outputs a jmp in the assembly for GenRands rather than a cmov. This involves branching, leading to branch misses, which waste time. I was using LLVM 3.2 because Rust and LLVM-D use that, so I thought it was fair. GCC 4.7 followed from this because I assumed it was of the same generation as LLVM 3.2, and that 4.8.1 was newer so less fair to compare to LLVM 3.2. Maybe a compiler bug? I'll post a question on Stack Overflow then when I have time. You're right that it probably makes for a better benchmark, and I tried to use recent versions for the other languages, I just didn't bother for C and C++ as I assumed they'd already be the fastest in class so there was no need to test on the latest compilers. Thanks! And sure, I'll put the compiler versions up sometime next week, along with the compile times. I tested it with the new runtime, but it only ran at around 87% of the speed of the original. I also needed to add a task::deschedule() call to make the scheduler behave. That simply isn't the case any more. The GCC and the LLVM can, for the majority of cases, write far faster assembly than the average assembly programmer. Naive C or C++ is faster than naive Go, but naive assembly is probable slower than even naive Go (the Go compiler produces optimised assembly, just not as well optimised as the assembly produced by C compilers). I would be interested to hear why they're "biased against using placebos because [they] consider it unethical". There is rigorous scientific support for the effectiveness of placebos in some situations, so by not supporting their uses they're effectively cutting patients off from a cheap, easy to produce treatment. Sure, lying isn't particularly ethical, but neither is denying a patient a valid treatment, so I wonder how they decided between the two. Statistically speaking, people have reasons to distrust the competence of doctors. From the article here http://online.wsj.com/article/SB1000142412788732342380457902... , for instance: "Both studies also found that about 25% of the time antibiotics were being prescribed for conditions in which they have no use, such as viral infections." Anybody who's studied even high school level microbiology (or spent a minute on the Wikipedia article on antibiotics) knows that antibiotics only work on bacteria, not viruses. I imagine it's hard for people to trust doctors when they make basic mistakes like that. Even the CDC ( http://www.cdc.gov/drugresistance/threat-report-2013/pdf/ar-... ) has stated that: "Up to half of antibiotic use in humans and much of antibiotic use in animals is unnecessary and inappropriate and makes everyone less safe". So if doctors can't even be trusted to not prescribe antibiotics as treatment for viral infections, why would people trust them regarding other more complex matters? Thanks for pointing that out, I'll pay attention to their next post. I skimmed over the content you linked, and it did suggest that placebo "can influence patient-reported outcomes, especially pain and nausea". It reminded me of this article: http://www.thedailybeast.com/newsweek/2010/01/28/the-depress... , which seemed to suggest a legitimate use case for placebo treatment. A cynic might say "follow the money". There's an awful lot of money behind the push for GMO, and a powerful company with a reputation for doing unethical things (Monsanto). Many people are quite emotionally (and/or politically) invested in the concept of global warming. I'm not saying I disagree that GMOs are harmless or that global warming is occurring, only that often when people speak with such vitriol they're doing it in the name of money or emotion, not science. Well then maybe if there was some kind of register of the doctors that did in fact practice science based medicine, public trust would be improved, although I imagine there's probably some legal or political obstacle standing in the way of that. Well if they're all aware of that yet some still prescribe antibiotics for viral infections due to pressure from patients, isn't that an ethical issue? If for some reason bloodletting came into fashion again among the populace, would doctors be acting ethically if they caved into patients' demands to give them that therapy? Doctors won't prescribe useless treatments like homeopathics to patients, so why can't they say no to patients asking for antibiotics when antibiotics would be ineffective? Well if patients are the problem then the whole thing's a moot point; patients are just getting what they deserve for refusing not only to trust doctors but also to do even a tiny bit of research for themselves. The problem is that such things can harm the whole population, even those who make sensible health decisions, due to how antibiotics overuse encourages the development of antibiotics-resistant superbugs. If doctors can't stop this, then who can? You wouldn't think such a major search company would allow one to watch movies or listen to copyright music free of charge just by clicking the 'movies' or 'mp3' search tags, but Baidu does (at least to residents here; I'm not sure if the same is possible for people outside of China). Maybe because it's hard to imagine an organisation being outside of the reach of the MPAA? It's interesting to see the statement that a problem like this can 'probably only be solved by governments' when governments so far have completely failed to solve it, and the proposed non-government solutions (such as removing the limitations on the liability of polluters, and allowing those whose health or livelihood has been injured by pollution to sue, potentially by class action) have never even been attempted. "Insanity is doing the same thing over and over and inspecting a different result." After a few large polluters went bankrupt after multi-billion dollar payouts to fishermen, beachgoers and such, I imagine industry as a whole would be more wary about pollution. Without limited liability - limited by government, I should add - BP would almost certainly be bankrupt by now. As would whichever company owned the nuclear plant that leaked in Japan. If you have X amount of money and Y goods/service, the ratio of money per unit of good/service is X/Y. Economic growth increases the amount of goods/services provided; tractors dig more holes than shovels, and so on. This means Y increases, and thus X/Y must decrease: the cost per unit of good/service decreases. The project was completed using fewer than 45 lines of it, as suggested in the title. http://tvtropes.org/pmwiki/pmwiki.php/Main/MathematiciansAns... http://www.buzzfeed.com/ludwigwittgenstein/fantastic-ways-to... I lived in China for a couple of years, and it was generally accepted among the technologically savvy people I knew that most large web/software companies (Baidu, Tencent, Sina) spied on their users for the Chinese government. "To fight this recession the Fed needs more than a snapback; it needs soaring household spending to offset moribund business investment. And to do that, as Paul McCulley of Pimco put it, Alan Greenspan needs to create a housing bubble to replace the Nasdaq bubble." - Paul Krugman, 2002 He doesn't always give the best advice... I'm not trying to defend the guy if he actually meant what people here seem to think he meant, but it's possible he was referring to how society ('we') doesn't care about minorities, rather than saying that he himself doesn't care about minorities. The minimum wage is ultimately always zero; employers can simply choose to not hire you if they think your productivity is not enough to justify paying you the minimum. As an Australian who spent a couple of years in Asia (where minimum wages are much lower than Australia's $16/hour), one of the most stinking things I noticed was how much easier it was to find work there. I have 'unskilled' Australian friends who have spent months looking for work, without luck, whereas in Singapore for instance it seemed rare for somebody to take more than a week or two to find work. While the quality of the work may be lower than that of minimum-wage work in Australia, it at least provides unskilled individuals with an opportunity to develop the experience, skills and confidence necessary to move onto better jobs, while their Australian counterparts are still sitting around at home feeling dejected at being unable to find work. The American people. Isn't this kind of thing the reason why your constitution gives you guys guns? If a tyrant took over, if all else failed you could always just shoot them. "Children aged 5, 6, and 7 remembered 60% or more of the early-life events. In contrast, children aged 8 and 9 years remembered fewer than 40% of the early-life events". It is wrong to disbelieve him without knowing the standard deviation of the results. 40% is an average! For all we know (I can't check, as I don't have access to the original paper), there could have been two kids who had 90% recall and eight kids who had less than 40% recall. Knowing the standard deviation (and the nature of the distribution of results, whether it's a bell curve or whatever), would allow us to determine the probability of somebody having 90% recall post-childhood amnesia. Even if that probability was only 1/100, considering more than 100 people frequent this site it's expected that a few of them would have said 90% recall. More scientifically: happy faces are more attractive. http://www.tandfonline.com/doi/abs/10.1080/02699931.2013.817... Note the study I reference only used faces, and used the same facial images, digitally altering them to alter the facial expressions. As opposed to Happy Guys Finish Last, which used different photos and included the upper body in the shots. At least this is the internet; if the creators remained anonymous, it shouldn't be too hard for them to continue providing the service in spite of the administration's wishes to the contrary. Especially with for instance something like Tor, assuming that's still functional. And Himler was taught that killing millions of minorities was a good and honest action, yet the judge still found him guilty at Nuremberg. It's generally accepted that "I was just following orders" is not an acceptable reason for perpetuating atrocities. The reasoning you describe is not the only reason people oppose market regulation. Personally, I find the idea disgusting that somebody could be imprisoned (and killed if they resist) simply for selling something to somebody else, something that the other person was happy to buy. The idea that violence is perfectly justified just because somebody provided a shitty phone experience almost physically sickens me. How about 'Root Null'? With a name like that, their systems would tremble. Marriage is marriage, no matter how good one's job is. TempleOS would beg to differ. Because it's much easier to move if your government sucks? It's hardly productive to call crazy one of the very few senators who has consistently and without compromise opposed the kind of things the fightback in question was referring to. It's no wonder America's in the state it is, when someone is called crazy for opposing war, but the presidents who readily kill children and innocents by proxy (drones) are seen as perfectly sane. Translation: everyone who wasn't an auto worker would be slightly poorer. American auto unions fundamentally undermined any incentive auto manufacturers had to innovate. If a man with dynamite digs more holes than one with a shovel, is that man's increased productivity the result of his own effort? No. Auto unions claim pay raises proportional to increases in output per worker (productivity), regardless of the sources of these increases. This means manufacturers have no incentive to invest in better facilities or to innovate, as any profit from this innovation would be eaten up as wages. >I think the theory is that if all workers were unionized, they would be able to negotiate for a larger share of the profits that are currently taken by the owners of capital. How would them negotiating for a larger share of the profits be a good thing when they were already taking enough of a share of the profits to drive auto companies into bankruptcy? >You are assuming a world where the union has absolute power; The role of a union in a market system is to negotiate with the owners of capitol. If you have laws where only union members are allowed to work in auto factories, or that non-union members aren't allowed to work there, then the unions do have absolute power within those industries. >It's important to at least understand what your opponent is trying to say. I understand what they're trying to say. I'm just responding that paying auto workers more would not result in a net benefit to the middle class. If as the parent's scenario implies there is nowhere else for manufacturers to find labor (which implies no outsourcing), then for every increase in automobile prices that's brought about by increases in auto workers' wages, that means less resources available for car buyers to spend on other things. Unions in the American style cannot make the pie bigger, they can only divide it differently. More pie to unionised workers hence means less pie for everyone else (including the other workers who now can't find work as auto makers can afford fewer employees as they have to pay them more). I believe it's what used to be called 'craftsmanship'. Taking pride in creating things that are efficient and not wasteful for no other reason than the desire to make the best product possible. The point I was trying to make is that if you spend your time to make something that works really efficiently, and you take pride in it, then you haven't wasted your time. It doesn't benefit nobody, it benefits yourself, because you can take pride in your work. At least, I believe this idea is part of what's implied in the traditional notion of 'craftsmanship'. An example might be working nine hours per day rather than eight to produce something that only uses 10% of the resources (and that extra hour is unpaid). For some people, that extra hour would be a waste, but for others, it would bring them greater satisfaction knowing they'd delivered a more efficient product, even if it brought them no extra revenue. >Similarly, if your software runs in 1% of CPU on a typical customer's machine, spending 10x the time and resources to make it run in 0.1% is not laudable. No, but spending 1.2x the time and resources might be. That's not an unreasonable proposition; something written in Go, C# or Scala can run 10 to 100 times faster than the equivalent code in Ruby, but it certainly doesn't take 10 to 100 times longer to write the code. It also conserves resources; you're reducing the amount of the world's non-renewable energy that your app consumes by up to 90%. You're also freeing up your users' machines to do more things simultaneously while running your program, potentially increasing the user's enjoyment of the system in the case of a desktop app. > Except the difference at the margin is never just an extra hour of a day. It's almost ways weeks instead of days or years instead of month. Maybe we're thinking of different things here. What I had in mind was more along the lines of for instance choosing Go or Scala instead of Rails or *.js and getting a 10x speedup at the cost of simply adding a few type declarations. There are situations like yours where deadlines leave little choice, but there are also situations where a bit more leeway is available. Generally electricity use is roughly proportional to CPU and RAM usage, as they're powered by electricity. If you have two otherwise identical programs, one of which uses 50% of the cpu and the other of which use 10%, chances are the latter will use less electricity. Maybe German manufacturing would be a better example? You're right I suppose. I think as someone who's not a webdev I just have trouble imagining the productivity benefits of something like Rails or Node.js. I assumed that nowadays there'd be frameworks in statically typed languages with type inferences that were almost as productive as Node and Rails, and hence could provide both fast development speed and efficient executables. You could always take the job and then build a tiny vulnerability into the exhaust ports. It'd be incredibly difficult for anybody to take advantage of such a vulnerability, so you'd probably get away with it. The proportion of sociopaths is usually estimated to be at least around 1%, so that's almost 70 million potential guilt-free killers out there, 3 million of them American. As someone who's written a bit of Common Lisp, I can say that the macros are a pretty awesome feature to use. Common Lisp has the advantage over Clojure and Scheme that the SBCL compiler is incredibly fast; it can come close to C#/F# on Mono for some tasks, in spite of Lisp being a dynamic language. It also compiles code and expands macros much faster. It's got more power than the other lisps, but it's also less elegant, so make of that what you will. Mother Teresa told Africans condoms were evil. Gandhi was a racist. "We were then marched off to a prison intended for Kaffirs. We could understand not being classed with whites, but to be placed on the same level as the Natives seemed too much to put up with. Kaffirs are as a rule uncivilized -- the convicts even more so. They are troublesome, very dirty and live like animals." - Ghandi 1. http://www.huffingtonpost.com/irene-monroe/the-gandhi-none-o... Thanks! I'm rerunning it and updating the tables progressively every few hours as optimisations are suggested. Feel free to make a pull request. Ideally within a day or so the implementations will have all been optimised enough to make for fairer comparison. I understand that a Pandas table would be a better idea, but the purpose of this benchmark is comparing the speed of the raw languages. It mentions that later in the post. The implementations in the final two tables use bignums for fairness and to avoid overflow. Great, I'll include that in the next run of the benchmark. Is it Python 3 or 2? (Does it work with Pypy) Also, if you're comparing it to C you should compare it to C3.c, from the final tables, which uses bignums like Python does automatically. *Edit: I tried your faster_py.py, but it didn't seem any faster than Pypy2.py in the repo (running both with Pypy). I haven't yet got the Pandas version to work due to library compatibility issues (I've got about five versions of Python installed; still working on it). Interesting, thanks. It might be faster than FS.fs but not FS2.fs, as I think: tradesArray.[i] TradeId = idx; ClientId = idx; ... } would lead to the creation of a new object every time whereas: trades.[i].TradeId doesn't. Ah, right. I've included your version (converted to Python 3) as Python3_fst; it's around twice as fast as regular CPython 3.3. No problem. The style of implementations 1 of F# and C# is meant to mimic the style of Java1, the implementation from the original post that inspired the benchmark. F#2 and C#2 use a faster form of allocation. JavaUnsafe uses an implementation more directly comparable to C, but it's actually slower than the Java2 implementation. Interesting. I suspect for this particular program it'd have to be in low latency mode for the entire run. It doesn't seem to make too much of a different to the C#2 implementation however (the one using sensible allocation), so I suspect that one isn't generating too much garbage. It ran at about the same speed as my FS.fs, so I've updated FS.fs in the repo to use your code. Interestingly, I had to change "let main() =" to "let main =" to make it run. There are words in other languages, French for instance, that with an accent changed or removed have completely different meaning. Name one historical instance of bank runs leading to riots. Presumably under the assumption that an exchange such as Mt Gox would be able to keep the coins safer than they themselves could, which now doesn't seem like a particularly sound assumption to make. So instead of the the people who knowingly took a risk in investing in a risky prospect suffering, taxpayers who took no such risks have to foot the bill instead? Great. That wasn't the bank run causing riots. That was the government policy which froze deposits, to avert a bank run, that caused riots. The riot was because the government froze deposits so people weren't allowed to withdraw money from the banks. My original (implied) point was that bank runs themselves don't necessarily cause the chaos they're made out to, so if anything this supports my case: if the government had allowed the bank to collapse, there may not have been riots. I wonder if it would be possible to write an AI to manage a Bitcoin exchange; cut out the human element and the potential for mistakes/scamming completely? Before the exchange is launched, publish the AI's source and have it undergo an extensive public audit. To quote the Wikipedia[1] article on the riots: "The uprising was a predominantly middle-class uprising against the government of President Fernando de la Rúa, who had failed to contain the economic crisis that was going through its third year of recession". "The unrest started when Economy Minister Domingo Cavallo introduced restrictions to the withdrawal of cash from bank deposits, intending to stop the draining of deposits that had been taking place throughout 2001 and had reached the point where 25% of all the money in the banks had been withdrawn." People had were previously gradually withdrawing money over time.; no 'bank run' had occurred. The Corralito occurred, which among other political factors lead sections of the populace to riot. Read the article. 1. http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/December_2001_riots_%28Argentin... No, they weren't. To quote the Wikipedia[1] article on the riots: "The uprising was a predominantly middle-class uprising against the government of President Fernando de la Rúa, who had failed to contain the economic crisis that was going through its third year of recession". 1. http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/December_2001_riots_%28Argentin... The Cyprus riots were not due to a bank run; they were due to the government's decisions to prevent citizens from withdrawing their money. From the article you linked: "Riots are now being reported in Cyprus as citizens are furious at the Troika’s decision to rob the citizens to pay for the bad debts of banks." I'll give you the others, however. The fact that two are from over a century and a half ago however seems to support my implication that bank runs don't necessarily lead to riots (and more specifically, that not bailing out banks won't necessarily lead to riots). Seems like a great opportunity for Bitcoin, if Bitcoin can overcome the many other hurdles it faces: anonymous crowdfunding, capable of circumventing ridiculous laws like this. >Former US presidential candidate Senator John McCain said he was "disappointed" by the UK's position and said European countries were "ignoring the lessons of history". I'm not normally one to agree with McCain, but he does have a (sad) point here. As opposed as I may be to fighting costly wars in far away places, it's disheartening to recall what happened when this attitude of non-intervention was applied to Hitler's invasion of Czechoslovakia. -WetPsyyyyyyy Just for reference, the parent is a reference to a lyric from Psy's (the Korean artist responsible for Gangnam Style) song 'Gentleman', wherein he parodies the expression 'Westsiiiiiide' (not that this necessarily makes it any funnier). It can be explained by the concept of radiation hormesis. http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Radiation_hormesis How much of the funding of Intel/Amd/ARM, who probably built the cpu you're using to access this side, came from the government? How much of the funding of this site itself, and of other sites you may use on a daily basis such as Google and Facebook, came from the government? How much of the funding for the GPU that's rendering this site came from the government? How are you not benefiting from all these things? Long term profit has no space in models of a _perfectly competitive_ market, a theoretical concept used in the exploration of various economic ideas. The "free"ness of a market doesn't necessarily imply anything about the potential for profit within that market. Unfortunately, the poor in America are more affected by 'lifestyle diseases' (smoking and obesity related illnesses, for instance), which may be more difficult to cure as they need to be addressed from a social angle, not just a medical one. No, I'm not familiar with the history of Google and Facebook, hence why I was asking for data regarding what proportion of their business was funded by government money. As in, a percentage. Well according to some graphs I found on Google, malaria mortality rates have reduced significantly in the past few decades [1], as have AIDS death rates [2]. Diabetes rates and mortality have however been continuously increasing. 1. http://www.umich.edu/~csfound/545/1995/land05.jpg 2. http://www.drugabuse.gov/sites/default/files/images/colorbox... How might it be attacked, from a medicinal perspective? It really surprises me that somebody can get away with such destructive behaviour as reverting someone else's commits without reasonable cause. What justification is there for not firing on the spot anybody who puts their own personal vendettas over the good of the project? What did senior management think of this? I can't imagine them taking kindly to the architect delaying shipping for weeks over such a trivial thing. Hmm. I suppose that's a disadvantage of having a less formal code-review process, compared to one in which the reverter would have to specify a reason for each reversion, making it easier to detect spurious reversions. I wonder if they financial benefit they gained from keeping him around was greater than the financial loss due to continuously losing good devs... If Horvath's characterisations of the founder's wife are correct, then she seems somewhat similar in temperament to Lady McBeth. It's easy to see why his work is considered timeless. Does Horvath's characterisation of the founder's wife remind anyone else of Lady MacBeth? The situation seems suitably dramatic for it. Note that there was a 'terrorist attack' in China a week or two earlier, in which five Uighur separatists with knives killed 30 random people and wounded hundreds in a crowded train station, before being shot by police. This shows that there are definitely 'terrorists' (not using the scare quotes because I necessarily disagree that they're terrorists, only because I honestly don't know what they are) who are interested in killing large numbers of Chinese people in the name of their cause.