Got selected. Where's the good food at in Mountain View? I love me some Indian food. Thanks for the advice. Well, sort of. The selection isn't random. If you're one of the 10 that appeal to them most your odds are 100%. If you're not, they're 0. Unless they decide by rolling dice there's really no probability involved. I've eaten at Bouchon in Vegas and wasn't too impressed, but I hear the one in Napa is leagues better. I had the good fortune of meeting Allison Steltzner a while back and she told me that. There's a good chance I'll try it on this trip. And no staunch, that was not my intent, and I hope it does not appear as such. That had not occurred to me but probably should have. I really just hoped to share my experience and get any tips/comments from people here, especially on dining. Seems like they should have just hired the guy. Thanks for all of the well-wishes. Pt. 2 was posted this morning. Thanks! I'll do my best to let you all live vicariously. If I was the only time I'd be in Boston is when my yacht parked there. I've been self-employed for a long time and I'm planning on staying that way. And you're right, I suppose not all iPods sold during the Christmas quarter were gifts. Valid point, but I still don't think it detracts from the overall view that being giftable is a big asset in the sales department. Well I have no doubt that down the line the iPhone will become cheaper and more popular. Especially if they release on more networks. I'm just saying this one won't hit ten million. Yeah, I get what you're saying, and you're not incorrect. I have one of the more popular poker blogs and I've seen the effects first hand. I'm definitely more interested in just making something I like. Obviously for my startup's blog I won't have such liberty. As I said in the guy's comments, if he saw the stuff you guys chose this summer, he'd realize how wrong he is. I can't wait until people start launching. I'm almost as excited about some of the other startups I saw out there in Mountain View as I am about ours. Also YC does not have a history of ripping off both its "musicians" and its customers. And as far as I know, they've never sued anyone who used any product they've launched. We had two undergrads and one guy who never even graduated. And a demo but we didn't get to show it at all.Must have been lucky. Or in early June so those of us in the summer batch can come. Agreed. I was planning on putting that in tips for interviewees since you don't get any feedback until then. Thanks! Yeah, it's totally deserved. Weebly's got a bright future. There's pretty much no better way for your grandma to make a website about her cat. Interesting. My philosophy is that you can always go back to college, but then maybe that's why I'm 26 and still haven't graduated. I think that's actually great. That was more or less Reddit's situation as I understand it. There's so much non-hacking stuff to do that I honestly think each group should have someone who feels no compulsion to write code, freeing the hacker(s) from distraction. My ideal candidate, were I doing the funding, would be a group consisting of two hackers and one non-hacker. Maybe I'm biased though because that's what we have. This suffers from the common Apple fanboy logical fallacy that hype=success. That's perhaps the most useless and poorly thought out argument I've ever read about anything. I found a anti-evolution propoganda pamphlet in an airport a week ago that was more cogent. It's beyond ridiculous for an American company to attempt to process gambling transactions. I'd be extremely leery of using them for anything, as they're going to be shut down and have their funds seized without a doubt. It was not the US Government's screwup, it was the Neteller founders' for coming to our country. Had they had the common sense to remain overseas the whole debacle would have been avoided. Regardless of where you stand on the issue (and I'm obviously as pro-gaming as they get, since I made my living for 5 years playing poker online) the fact is that the DoJ is going to systematically destroy anyone who has anything to do with online gambling. Anyone starting any startup in that space in this country is begging for jail time. Poker bots are far from a problem yet. They excel at heads up limit hold'em, but as more players enter the table they get progressively worse. Even the best of them can't yet beat a low limit full table. Eventually they will though. And there will be no real way to stop them. We've got some time, and how much depends on who you ask. Also, the human vs computer match cited doesn't really mean much, for reasons I'll leave for a poker blog entry. The barrier to entry as far as a bot goes is certainly the AI. Programming the rest is far more doable. The most notable team that has been publishing poker-related AI research is headed by Darse Billings at the University of Alberta. Their bots can be purchased online as a training tool called Poker Academy. From what I've seen first hand and heard from poker players I respect, the only bot worthwhile is the heads up limit hold'em one. I don't know how far they've come since the Poki I played against, but I doubt that one could have beaten a full $1/$2 game. I'd guess it would break even at $0.50/$1 online. The short handed bot didn't seem much better. The heads up one, however, could probably trounce anyone who would typically play below $15/$30, and it might even be higher up the scale than that. To put it in perspective, many very notable winners at the biggest games online used to fear a player who went by Neverlose since they thought he was that bot. You can google for "Neverlose bot" and read all about it. So at heads up limit I would intuitively suspect there are bots, though to be honest I've played a decent amount of it in the $3/$6 all the way up to $100/$200 range and the vast majority of players at low/mid limits are atrocious. So if there are bots in heads up, they are either poorly designed ones or they are in the higher limits exclusively (which really wouldn't make sense, since there is probably much more money to be made for someone who can play all day every day in the lower limits). As far as other games go, I suspect bots reside largely in low level sit and goes. I once had a bot breaking even around the $22 level using Winholdem, which at the time only supported min-raise or shove as the bet amounts (no idea what it can do now, I haven't used it in years) and my AI used nothing more than if/then statements. Someone capable of any sort of AI programming more advanced than that could probably beat them handily. Due to some other terrible limitations of WinHold'ems software I never pursued it much further. Classic Carlin. Def among his best material. To wear hats. Lol @ linkbaiting. Not all progress must come from mistakes. He seems to equate the two. Big changes do not necessarily come from fixing big mistakes. They can come from recognizing new opportunities as well. Smash Jessica promised to do keg stands if any of her flock IPOed. I'm hoping we'll be the ones to do it, but if another Y C startup beats us there we're definitely still holding her to her word (and a keg). Does it even matter? Build something people want, and customers will come to you. When customers come to you, VCs won't be far behind. The community it fosters is definitely the most underappreciated part (by outsiders, at least) of the Y C experience. Also if it's anything like real estate, their incentive is more to close the deal than to get the highest price, freeing them to move on to the next. A difference of a few percent to you the seller is huge, to the banker its a small percentage of that few percent. He'd rather just get it over with and move on. I actually invented video ads in 2002. I have no evidence to back this up, but have already filed the patent app. How to Win Friends and Influence People Even beyond lack of sleep, which I think we all agree is bad in the literal sense, the law of diminishing returns sets in at some point and makes working further counter productive. The exact amount, of course, depends on who you are and what exactly you're doing, but it's probably much far lower than most people would guess. I've done a lot of research on this, through both reading and self-experimentation, and have come to the conclusion that there aren't very many people who would benefit from hacking more than 60 hours a week in short bursts, or more than 50 sustainably. I'd take a hacker who works hard 5 days a week, 10 hours a day, and spends the rest of his time partying over one who sits in front of a computer 12 hours a day, 7 days a week any time. There's a wealth of information on the topic out there, and studies are published all of the time. It's definitely the sort of thing one should look into when trying to increase their efficiency. Guess I have to upvote that, since I've been following the story for years and now have a vested interest in the outcome. >>Complying with the W.T.O. ruling, Professor Jackson said, would require Congress and the Bush administration either to reverse course and permit Americans to place bets online legally with offshore casinos or, equally unlikely, impose an across-the-board ban on all forms of Internet gambling -- including the online purchase of lottery tickets, participation in Web-based pro sports fantasy leagues and off-track wagering on horse racing. The rest could go to hell in a handbasket as far as the government is concerned, but off-track wagering is a massive industry. The lobbying there is just too strong. Also Americans can place bets legally with off-shore casinos (in most states there is no law against it). It's just illegal for banks to process the payments. I don't know of anything closer than Foxwoods and Mohegan Sun. No There should be a special logo for YCombinator rejects to display. I humbly offer http://farm2.static.flickr.com/1169/1251010963_4787666411_m.... I actually get this magazine in paper (thanks for that Delta Airlines!) and was pretty surprised by that story too. I think it's yet another plentyoffish style story that makes the web look a little more democratic than it really is. It's definitely kind of neat to see companies that were turned down by YC and worked on their project anyway. If there were a list of them somewhere (similar to TechCrunch's deadpool, but a little more cheery) I'd love to read it. I'm really curious what percentage of the submissions that get rejected go on to incorporate and put something out there. I don't say this to be mean, though I'm not sure I can phrase it in such a way that it doesn't sound so, but I don't see any bad luck in the story above, other than maybe timing. It appears to be the results of a bunch of bad decisions unfortunately reaching their boiling point all at once. It's important in times like these to take stock of all of the decisions leading up to this crisis. It sounds like you made a lot of mistakes, as we all do. Learn from them and you'll be the better for it, and in time you'll view this as all as one big opportunity. You didn't lose your job, you quit, so that may or may not have been a mistake (in fact, it may have been a mistake not to do it sooner) but either way it certainly wasn't bad luck. What it will turn out to be depends on what you make of the opportunity. Get another job you hate and it was a mistake, find one you enjoy and it will turn out to be one of the best things you ever did. You have the choice there. Cars almost never die completely with no prior warning. I certainly don't know the situation well enough to be sure, but I'd be willing to bet you ignored some serious signs. That's a mistake I've certainly made and learned from. Losing a phone is usually due to carelessness. We've all done something like it. That one's essentially valueless as a life lesson, you already knew it was bad, and there's only so much you as a human can do to prevent such things from recurring. The relationships are the tough ones. It sounds like in the case of the girl you trusted someone's words rather than their actions because it was the path of least resistance. That's always a mistake. Yet another we've all made. Just like a car, relationships never die without plenty of warning. There's a good chance you saw the signs and willfully ignored them. Learn from that. The only thing left to do now is learn from each mistake and turn all of these annoyances into opportunities. Design means different things to different people. If you mean that in terms of workflow/ease of use, that's going to be largely a function of the team and feedback from customers. As far as the graphic design that can easily and cheaply be outsourced, though even then you'd ideally want one or more founders with a good aesthetic sense to work with them. $27.95 All of Paul's essays are better written. This wasn't an essay. It was a talk, and one written quickly. A lot of people have a strong dislike of Aaron. I've certainly had unpleasant experiences. Wow, that's my goal exactly. Well, technically I want a country. But I guess if I make enough to do that, you'll make enough from it to do a town. Mine wasn't that bad, but it did involve me being told I had an apartment in Cambridge locked up, only to find less than two weeks before Y C began that I didn't. Yes. I drew a picture of my dong and mailed it. Still waiting to hear back. That post about sincerity is interesting but exactly, completely wrong. He's completely reversed the entire cause effect relationship. I'll write a blog post as to why. That's kind of a silly way to look at discourse. All discourse is basically someone trying to correct the misconceptions of others. Internet debate gets a bad rep, but it's intrinsically no worse than any other written debate (which in and of itself is certainly the highest form of discourse man has ever invented). Sincere internet debate is perhaps 50% of what makes the medium useful (the other 50% being, of course, videos of kittens). Insincere internet debate is unfortunately 99% of the overall market and often clouds that fact. So if anything, there's your unified theory of sincerity. As for one true conception, I imagine it exists on many topics, though getting at it is rather tricky. I've certainly started to argue with people before only to find out, as I put it in writing, that I agreed with them, sometimes even for reasons they'd missed. So if the truth is so convoluted that you can never really know it, perhaps it functionally does not exist. I now feel my counter argument to the sincerity thing is overhyped though. I don't have enough time to make it live up. Please don't read, you'll only be let down. I actually founded Facebook. I called it thebookoffaces.com and built it in 1999. Mark Zuckerberg probably saw it when he did some summer school at the University of Akron and ripped it off from me. Did anyone else here found Facebook? So as of right now, your resume is "Son of a school teacher got his start designing websites. Dropped out of community college freshman year to pursue clothing venture.Failed." Impressive. Too bad I'm already involved in a startup, otherwise I'd be down. Pretty much the only way I'd play an online game is if that was a certainty. I'm sad that the summer is over too. I'll miss the Tuesday dinners quite a bit. I obviously don't have much time to dwell on it, and I'm excited about the future, but I'll always look back fondly on the Y C experience. The atmosphere there was something I'm pretty sure I'll never encounter anywhere else. I'll probably drop by the dinners in Mountain View so frequently that half of the new founders will think I'm in their batch. We may use java for a tiny fraction of our startup (back end of the live game server) for the performance benefits. Does that count? Doesn't it cost you way more than the cost of a meal to get there from the Y Scraper? Well, if your company is going to tank, then 1-2% is a deal. Otherwise pay cash. Yes, if your product competes with mine. No otherwise. The science of color is actually pretty amazing. Now if only there were a mathematical explanation for Paul's love of orange. I thought I was a fan of that color until I met him. Khakis are so great for that. The best part is, girls see hundreds of douchey guys wearing jeans and something that doesn't match. It's a strong clothing choice for like 15 different reasons. If they weren't, they probably are now. You know your anti-Microsoft argument is plain old retarded when everyone on hackers news disagrees with you. What's Scheme? Just kidding. Not really. Scriggle it. Just a little bit. Exactly why almost every YC startup from the Boston batch that doesn't die immediately after ends up in the valley. Steve should issue everyone an extra $100 credit for being a dunce and going with AT&T I'm always skeptical about approaching the cofounder process that way. I wouldn't recommend doing this with someone you don't know very well. It will strain the bonds of friendship, without that, it's a crapshoot. In fairness, they're nowhere near 50% success yet. Only a few startups have actually "succeeded" by PG's definition (i.e. gotten rich). That's largely because most of their fundees haven't had time to get there yet. They do have enough horses still in the race and running strong that I wouldn't bet against them, but their success rate right now is a something around 5% right? This is actually hilarious. I could go through and point out how many of these things are wrong due to outsider perspective, but I wouldn't want to degrade the humor quality of the post. Also from PG in that comment thread: "I know there isn't widespread support for him because I rarely see references to him anywhere except sites like this." The best measure of any election is without a doubt the gambling market. They've proven far more accurate than any poll. My favorite is http://www.intrade.com where Ron Paul is tracking at around 4% to win the Republican nod. Yes, you'd sell Ron Paul shares right now. If you think he's way too high you should. I don't like your EV there though. I don't have much hope for ning. Social networks are pretty easy to program yourself, and their appeal is largely the userbase. You join a social network because all of your friends already did. If I wanted social networking for my little niche, I'd simply start a facebook group. That term is borderline retarded. It's the internet slang equivalent of that cousin of yours who got held back in the fourth grade. I've used mozy for about 6 months because I saw a few roundups and all of them named it the best. It's definitely got MUCH room for improvement, but it's not too terrible. It's certainly a wide open market. I don't think you can equate admission to an elite college with social mobility. The two are probably not directly related. I'm missing exactly what it is about Vista that everyone hates. I've been using it since day one on my Lenovo X60 and have never had any problems. It's far more stable. Windows rot has not yet forced me to reinstall, and I've never gone even half this long without doing so on XP. And it crashes far less (though still not never). The only driver I've been unable to find was for a very old, very cheap Logitech webcam. Everything else has been no trouble whatsoever. I think almost all problems attributed to Vista are actually due to shoddy hardware used by budget conscious OEMs. Buy a Dell and you'll hate Vista, but then again, buy a Dell and you'll hate any OS. Buy a Lenovo and it's rather pleasant. Windows rot happens if you install/uninstall a lot of programs due to DLL hell. I suspect I have to reinstall way more often than my parents, but it does happen even to them. I defrag and run anti-spyware regularly. Use Firefox only, and never even see such a link due to adblocker. It's mostly the DLL nightmare. I've heard that from a few people actually. I always want to try OSX, but the ridiculous price and sub par hardware/build quality keep turning me away. All of my friends have Macbook Pros, had it not been for that I probably would have gotten one by now. I'm definitely not a fan of Mac fonts, but that might just be what I'm used to. In poker we have a saying about tournaments, which is that they are a lottery and the best players get a few extra tickets. The business world seems much the same. Luckily just like in poker, if you keep getting a disproportionately large number of tickets, and keep drawing over and over, your chances of winning approach 1. They're going to dictate the course of an interview to a much larger extent than you are. That's pretty much the nature of the interview. You should be flexible, I agree, but not wishy-washy. I don't think they'd respect anyone who was willing to totally revamp their idea instantly just because of their suggestion anymore than they would someone who was totally inflexible. There's a middle ground that you should walk, not just in trying to be accepted into YC, but in life in general. Well, the first time you use any given technology its a novelty, but that usually quickly fades. When I found Google I instantly thought "this is the greatest thing ever". Within a month of owning a cell phone I knew I could never go back. Facebook has been around a long time and still has nothing more compelling than turning people into vampires, and they have a ton of geniuses trying to figure it out. Its not only a perpetual novelty, but one which is apparently wearing off if you look at average visits per day per user. The middle part of that sentence which you ...ed out was kinda important. I meant that platforms in general have not and will not reach the popular consciousness. People in the tech world today think they're far more important than they are. Facebook apps have definitely made themselves known to Facebook users, but far from indispensable. That would be Plaxo. Not to mention, nobody has bought an actual Rolodex in 10 years. You can't build a business by replacing a product that has already been replaced. You know, despite the fact that the tech community flocks where the sheepdogs tell them to as much as any other, maybe more, they seem more open to dissenting opinions. Especially when they're well expressed and come from someone who agrees with them 90% of the time anyway. Andreesen is wrong on so many fronts. The biggest is "The web, after all, vanquished proprietary online services like America Online, Prodigy, and Compuserve -- the so-called "walled gardens" -- in large part because the web is a platform and the walled gardens were not." Umm, no. Broadband vanquished them. They allowed unfettered internet access long before they began their downward spirals. I had AOL in high school, when they were approaching their zenith, and never used any of the walled features, just internet and IM. When you phrase platform the way he does, it sounds superior. When, in reality, you have people piling layer on top of layer until what remains is something so complex and unreliable that few people can understand or tolerate it, you end up with something nobody wants. And honestly, anything is a platform once somebody turns it into one. Myspace most definitely is. People make good livings just making layouts for it. Photobucket got rich off of it. Lots of indie bands sold concert tickets and CDs thanks to it. Dane Cook owes it his entire career. So in the platform race, Facebook is losing. They're a more restrictive platform built onto a smaller one. eBay was not started to sell Pez dispensers. That's a marketing myth they perpetuated which has since been recanted. A brief Wikipedia search shows that it was story crafted by a brilliant P.R. agent a couple years after they'd launched. Weren't business professionals Rolodex's target audience as well? That sentence "Platform is the Bubble 2.0... was speaking about platforms in general. Average Joe doesn't know or care about platforms. Average Facebook user (who is far from Average Joe) may know about some of the apps on Facebook, but has yet to find anything compelling and never really will. Right. Which didn't ruin AOL (the company) it made it better. What ruined AOL was the shift away from them to broadband. Oh, I don't know anything about Plaxo, other than what they do. Never had any use for it. Aha. Guess I'm too young to have known that.