" mind is formless, non-physical, separate from the brain ", well it can be reduced and explained in terms of the functioning of the brain. "Functioning" is not an object and cannot be encountered, to assume the mind is substance is the category mistake made, and why people leap to something non-physical: if it must be a substance it cannot be physical, for sure. As for "completely simulated", I do not believe that computers - as we now use them - are capable of "simulating" a mind. The mind is much more than symoblic processsing : it attaches meaning to information, creates relations between itself and the world, (amongst many other things). These phenomena are not information processes and cannot be achieved by Linear Regression (to characterize Machine Learning accurately enough). It is important to point out that any scientific explanation of consciousness is going to be unsatisfyingly reductionistic. Science significantly reduces experience to a "substance model" where everything can be modeled as substances in motion ... and thus the mathematical edifice which results is completely devoid of the vast majority of information which one acquires: the sound of the cannonball as it his the grass, its colour, significance, etc. The vast majority of our experience which we may hope to explain is discounted (necessarily so) in order to be scientific (predict what our next experiences will be like). There will be an increasing number of "explanations" of various aspects of mental functioning based on the structure of the brain, I doubt any of these will provide anything more compelling than what we have currently. There are "brute certainties" (brute facts) which are undoubtable and the starting point for all investigation, scientific or otherwise. This brute fact is experience, or more accurately, the world of signficance, relations, awareness, etc. in which the self as well as everything else is embeded within. Explanation proceeds as generalization, taking one aspect of Experience and generalizing to some general property of Experience: pens fall, all objects fall, all objects in gravitational fields fall. There is nothing we can appeal to in accounting for Experience itself: there is nothing else available. Explanation has to end somewhere, and that is the final - and only tenable - reply to the question of our conscious experience. Should we charge more for disabled people? Does any additional cost to a company mean that it can treat its customers differently? We must have a society where the equality of people is incontrovertible, and we make accommodations for the fact. That a thin small woman weighing 50Kg is worth the same as a muscular or fat person weighing 100kg. To ask one to pay more for a service because of what they are is unequal treatment. The people weighing less are charged more than they would be otherwise, so that everyone has the same price. But their arbitrary birth characteristics that make them under the average weight should not entitle them to benefit in "proportion" nor equally should the characteristics of another cause them to be disadvantaged proportionally. I would prefer a society where neither the state, nor private citizens, were able to reward birth-lottery success at the expense of birth-lottery failure. And im not talking about genetics. Being muscular or fat, a result of a series of choices (no doubt), is still a result of birth lottery. So you had a single mum in a por community that fed you cheap fast food? Do members disadvantaged communities (who are more overweight and unhealthy than the average) have their disadvantage compounded by being responsible for their parents and community? Sex is a vice? It's interesting how much Victorian baggage people carry around... even in articles on the Internet and the economy! Well there are many competing princilpes, and the way we prioritize them will affect the kind of society we end up with. I believe in this instance, the benefits of equality outweight the costs. If we believe that a "free" market would distribute prices differently so that lighter people paid less and you believe the free market price is fair . Then some small ecnomic harm is occuring, to those who pay more. The social cost of rectifying this small harm however is, i think, considerable. It makes transportation harder for poorer people and perhaps those that need transport the most. And so on. In this case, i think the $500 extra /flight can be distributed across the couple hundred passengers without much to-do. I've always been quite proud of having Darwin there, perhaps a commemorative note? I think his ability with English maybe giving the impression he was being flippant. If you remove implied meaning, it says only that "I know it was bad for the company, but I found it fun". That is really bad ideological myopia there. He refused to consider alternatives (for which I would adovcate functional design or something like sqlalchemy). "Actually I think this is an inevitable consequence of using a relational database - you either have to make your in-memory model more relational, or you complicate your mapping code." No its an inevitable consequence of trying to think with an object-oriented type system to describe a set-based data collection! In other-words the problem is attempting ORM: he's begging the question! I would expect better from Fowler, but it does go to show the futher into an ideology you get (heavily design-patterned OOP in fowler's case) the more you see design and programming problems as problem with OOP rather than anything more fundamental. I accidentally deleted the original submission. Yes, that's the standard compusci response, and that's why debates in this area are presently fruitless. I dont really care to know to what extent PHP can be written in first order logic, nor does that help anyone decide between PHP and Javascript (via Node), for example. With any philosophical project there are assumptions that you hold fixed and work that you assume "has been done" (or could be). Either way, I think there is substantive and helpful contributions to be made by forgetting where programming languges come from, by ignoring their syntax and by treating their standard implementations as worlds-to-be-explored. And if you like, the above statement is my starting point, and implicit rejection of the compusci approach which is to ask all the questions im ignoring. Oh it certainly lacks rigour. I was just outlining "an intention to be rigorous" to see what the response would be. There seems to be, so far, quite a lot of interest in this kind of project. >In the end, you can compute anything compuatble with any Turning complete programming language Well it's this defeatist position i'm arguing against. > you should be using some university ressearch language I'm largely a PHP developer / "architect" by trade; I'm not in the business of pushing Haskell onto CMS developers. I am interested in the programming language debate, and I'm not convinced "the market" is the best judge of what the most useful language is. That it happened to be, for example, the internet was coming of age during PHP's invention which gave us a generation of script-kiddes (98 - 06) seems to me an accident of history. This accident is being corrected by Zend Framework and corresponding language changes (06 - 13), so by today PHP is a language which resembles a pythonized java, rather than a javascripty perl. The market in this instance is doing precisely what has been recomended by the leading theoretical voices in this area: coming from Zend, Sympfony, etc. My intended contribution is to provide a conceptual framework in which to make sense of these changes, to advocate for these changes, and to compare potential changes. Mailing lists are abound with favorite features, I've yet to see a feature suggestion with a complete argument of the kind I would advocate. Though some of the very best do actually get 95% of the way there (ontology: showing the new feature in other languages to "get a sense of what it is"; epistemology: showing how to reason about it in different areas; abduction: showing how it represents problems better than current technologies): if you look at a modern high quality PHP-RFC today you're getting very close to what i'm proposing. The open source market of merit is putting these individuals in positions of power over the evolution of languages, it would be useful - i suggest - if we could have a standard which provides the means for establishing good arguments from bad arguments in this area. I agree 100%. I think however that there are two projects: the "phenomenalist" and the "instrumentalist". In the former part it's a group of polygot philosopher-developers waxing philosophic about the nature of programs and in the latter it's "briefs for lead developers". Whilst my inclination in being a Husserlian first-and-foremost is to engage in the former, I think the latter is definitely of interest. The third choice, and this is i think what you mistake my current project to be, is this "binary reductionism" or "symbolic reductionism" where DSLs are either 0/1s or predictate-object statements. I disagree with this entirely, and i think it leads to the current "chose what you like" defeatism. I would like to explore the middle ground for awhile, an "early heidegger" if you like. I think that's going to get a lot more traction in the implementation community. There is definitely a lot of space at this moment in time for some real substantive work in all non-reductionist areas. NB. i think my use of "metalogic" has confused at least a couple of people into thinking im talking about something CSy. Logic in the sense a continental philosopher would use it: a mechanism of reasoning. As I say in my "notes on terminology" i mean to include things like the domain/business logic. I think that, for example, that "a car shouldnt start with no fuel" is part of the program (the metalogic of the program, not the logic itself: it is part of what we need to consider to fully understand the progran). Perhaps i shouldve used "meta-rationale" or something. As I said towards the end of the piece the intention is to come up with an abductive process an, "inference to the best representation", a formalized method for deciding between languages. I am aware that there are various taxonomies, and perhaps I shouldnt have made the aristotleian comment because it was rather misleading. My intention was to take an honest (you may say phenomenological) look at programming languages: to have a system by which the idioms of the language, its communal metalogics, etc. are all part of how we assess a language. Not the reductionism of the "procedural-functional", pre-existing landscape. I guess my point in referencing this landscape was to point out how inadequate it is, and how there might be a more complex and useful way of reasoning between languages. My next article on the subject, which I'd imagine will follow soon, will certainly be slightly refocused and clearer. This is very much a just-finished-typing first draft that I put out to see what the response would be, and what the appetite for this kind of analysis in the programming community is. The surplus he's talking about is in the structure of the program: why is it that way rather than any other? Because of some meaning attached to the program, some "metalogic" (my terminology): a logic about the program which is not formally in the program but which nevertheless has significantly affected it. facebook is not written in PHP, it's written in a PHP-like language developed by them which is then transcompiled into C++ and then to binary. > It's the job, not the tools. Again, this is what i disagree with. There really is something objective, independent, and "true" to be said about the utility of various languages in various problem domains. There really is a language which represents the problem space most accurately, for example. It's just defeatism to suppose that "it's all the same, whatever works". Innovation is, of course, the opposite drive. It is at the innovative egdes of programming languages that these debates are had. If you arent part of this innovative edge then it may seem to you that the things youre using are just "market decisions", they are far from it. Every programming language you are using has not been created by the market, it has been shaped by the very debates i am talking about. The market cannot create languages, it does not improve them, the market merely plays out a baggage'd history which language-theorists have to cope with. This is why PHP has changed so much: it is the force of the people who engage in this discussion on the market, to drive it towards "better". reduction implies elimination of something. the argument was never that a program could become incomputable, but that it is much more than merely what happens when it is run A Follow Up: http://blog.mjburgess.co.uk/2013/05/notes-on-systematic-argu... I think it's more a "who we want to be" kinda thing. Kickstarter doesn't want its brand associated with any potentially controversial/etc. topics. Exactly. All you really need to know is how to accomplish things in functional, OO and procedural languages. The advice given in the article is very nearly syntax based, not conceptual. Which is nearly useless if you're going very far from C/++. If you're in a procedural language the questions is: what's the for-loop? If you're in an OO language: are there iterators, how do I use them? If you're in a functional language: what the syntax for mapping, etc. All this Gaurdian praise neglects the fact that they have had all of their exclusives handed to them over the past few years, from WikiLeaks to Snowden... and for no good reason other than that's who it was given to last time. If papers such as the independent, etc. had been given this information, im sure there professionalism would have been the same or higher. Outside of handed-on-a-platter reporting, the Guardian has massively cocked up in the past (leading to the arrest of sources, etc.). Does that have more to do with the G. pushing it as a "unique selling point"? I dont know what the press landscape would look like if the indie/etc. had been given the exclusives, but I suspect it would be the same in reverse. Journalists are particularly cynical people constantly chasing after anything that will get their by-lines in front of faces.. i dont think we're looking at a paper which has suddenly found its 21st C. political morals, but rather a paper that has suddenly found whistle-blowers queuing up at their door. All this Guardian praise neglects the fact that they have had all of their exclusives handed to them over the past few years, from Wiki-leaks to Snowden... and for no good reason other than that's who it was given to last time. If papers such as the independent, etc. had been given this information, I'm sure there professionalism would have been the same or higher. Outside of handed-on-a-platter reporting, the Guardian has massively cocked up in the past (leading to the arrest of sources, etc.). Their iPhone app is paid, so i assume their android version is... I wont say this list is worthless, but, given that there's so much missing or wrong... it's at best pointless. I guess their plan might be to be bought-out by instagram when they get popular enough. It doesn't sound like their livelihoods depend on the app though, if it didn't get many downloads in its first year. I looked this up several years ago as reply in an IRC argument. Before I posted the reply I went though an actually looked at many of the quotes in detail (because I knew my interlocutor would do the same - I had been burned before!). Disappointingly every one I looked at turned out not to be a "contradiction" at all - at least in the logical sense. But given the least charitable interpretation, could be construed as one. This isn't good enough if you're addressing well-read Christians (, and have any intellectual integrity). I clicked on one just now, by way of example, http://www.skepticsannotatedbible.com/contra/jesus_dad.html The contradiction concerns who the father of jesus was: Two "contradicting" quotes are: "Concerning his son Jesus Christ our Lord, which was made of the seed of David according to the flesh. " "When as his mother Mary was espoused to Joseph, before they came together, she was found with child of the Holy Ghost." There are valid interpretations of these two quotes. Talking about "contradictions" is pointless. What we need to be asking is, "what is the best explanation". The best theory of a non-historical Jesus (a greek euhemerized tale about a jewish demi-god) interprets the first quote about "god taking the sperm* of david" as god having used the sperm of david to create a demi-god called Jesus. The later story about him being born to Mary is a euhemerization. Historical interpretations "interpret" sperm to signify "part of a lineage"... that Jesus is descended from David somehow. *the original text says sperm, "seed" is an english euphemism I'm as cutting edge in the PHP community as any is going to be (having used the latest betas & community-best-practices since 2004). I still have serious doubts about PHP, and always insist to new developers should learn a (ruby/python/... clojure/...) too. The main problem with PHP is the language itself. There is no paradigm it does well. If you're into class-ical OO, then the language's type system is a joke (esp. with the lack of co/contra-variance in type hinting). If you're into dynamic OO, PHP's java leg-humping perpetually gets in the way. There is no meta-classes, monkey patching, etc. everything that should be dynamic is static. If you wanting functional programming... you have nothing. Literally. The best they've been able to do is a half-baked closure system. Half the library uses references (rather than returning meaningful data) so you cannot compose functions and there is no hope for any kind of collections system (lists, arrays, etc.) that support a typical functional manipulation. All you're left with is a "dynamic C". Add to this that PHP is designed to terminate immediately... and you're modern "daemonic" web requirements (concurrency, queuing, etc.) are completely out of the window. From the point-of-view of "web-scale" application development PHP is a broken toy: both in the sense that talented developers are hampered by it, and in the sense that its execution model is ill suited to the problem. I think we need to distinguish between "faking", "demonstrating" and "supplying". Faking should be reserved for literally providing false data with the intention that it's believed to be true, eg. the dating site example. Most of those examples were not faking anything. Rentoid actually supplied a serivce, though it wasnt "user-generated". Reddit supplied links their potential users would be interested in. This is a mixture of demonstrating how the service works, and supplying actual content to potential users. By way of contrast, what the dating site admins should have actually done, is ask all their single friends to sign up (and any other single people they could get their hands on directly). It seems a perfectly good and moral business strategy to generate your own content which is representative and useful. I think "faking it" is a bit more questionable. I was pointing out that undue author was overloading the word "faking" and in doing so obscuring what was actually going on and lumping together a lot of different practices. Well the "love interest" story is much worse. The stasi maintained the authoritarian political and psychological control over the german population through blackmail and spying. Invading the privacy of (innocent, or incidentally guilty) citizens turns the NSA from a national security agency into a secret police. > clitable I'm sure im not the only one that misread that. It does not rely on an implementation detail, that is how iterators work. He's just supplied the same iterator to a function which consumes iterators... that's exactly the expected behaviour. "I guess this'll be used mainly for function pointers"... first example. Said the inventor of rails... (...?) Take Home: IDE-style code-browsing for the web The poem is itself ironic... it's about Ramses III who rule c. 1000 BC and yet was famous enough that poetry would be inspired by him 3000 years later. or just federally cap tuition fees The scary thing here is that people are phrasing economic obligations in moral terms. You may get fired for doing something your boss doesnt like, that has nothing to do with whether it is immoral to do so. > It's unethical to act against the express request of your employer; ! whistle-blowing is unethical? They already exist (python, ruby, ...). Improvement is the only way the PHP commuity as the php community will progress. Having money or providing is does not entitle you to determine how other people live. Wealth entitles you nothing to deciding how society should be structured. You're having more market value than a janitor may give you the practical power to bully the people around you into behaving as you'd like - it's immoral for you to do so though. Yes, this is the economized vision of programming (as a trade). I'm sure it plays well in the Bay area. I'm sure its very "realistic" (that is, plays well within the current Standard Assumptions and Expectations). I personally wish to emphasize the creative aspect of all human activity, esp. programming. The vast majority of worthwhile and lasting contributions to society (, etc.) are creatively, not financially motivated. Financial motivation is the death of creativity and intellectual progress in general. Think about these statements for a moment, in particular the first which places a slash casually between "yourself" and "company" as though these were twin aspects of the same entity. > You become a detriment to yourself/company > Most people are seeking success in their business > focus on business success > you need to make sure you can cash in on that investment "Get Shit Done", that is, accomplishing projects is not a matter of equating your interests to the pure financial motivations of a hypothetical business. " If you want to build a ship, don't drum up the men to gather wood, divide the work and give orders. Instead, teach them to yearn for the vast and endless sea. " This seems too profound to too grand for everyday matters, but it is precisely about a (then) every day matter: building a ship. When a researcher spends 20 years of their life on a single problem is it not their University they are thinking of, nor of the "business success". When might we again write programs for the sake of something ? And when might we take the writing of programs as an end in itself? The two ethical and aesthetic questions which this monetization of motivation completely obscures. Fine, he was mischaracterized and he replied. But jesus, > pg's response is actually priceless: it is like a soft-spoken witness upending a bullying lawyer who had just viciously attacked him, leaving the attacker reeling for all to see. What's with the almost cult-like reverence for this largely pseudo-intellectual entrepreneur? "pseudo" was a little strong. But if you have any serious familiarity with his "off-topic" rants, youll see he writes about issues glibly and with a severe lack of information. I dont mind "academic journalism", I do it a lot myself: write on difficult topics for a lay audience and maybe sacrifice a little accurasy a long the way. I think pg likes be seen making points more than he wants further understanding/truth/etc. > If you're under 40, I'm largely uninterested in your take on the world. pg isnt peddling his "take on the world". He talks about serious academic topics in a chronically under and misinformed way. My 50 year old plumber knows jack about Metaphysics, Quantum Field Theory or Abstract Expressionism despite - as in a Louis CK bit - his seeing a dead body "one time". If you want to have a fire-side chat with him - be my guest. But I ain't fetching the scribe because he's had a few decades wandering around. I seem to have been down-voted, maybe some dont see the problem. Here's a randomly picked example: http://paulgraham.com/inequality.html Randomish quote from end of article, "The problem here is not wealth, but corruption. So why not go after corruption? We don't need to prevent people from being rich if we can prevent wealth from translating into power." Umm... how about in a capitalist society money is the vehicle of positive freedom... to increase ones ability to do something on has to have more money. Therefore under capitalism there is always a fundamental tie between money and power. That's a small off-hand point. But if you have any serious reading on the last two hundred years of economic, political and sociological critiques of capitalism, wealth and power that whole article will just seem silly. I'm sure he means well. But it takes a certain kind of "pseudo"-something to think that this kinda hackney "thought-lite" material should be delivered at a major conference (Defcon 2005). If i were asked, on the back of my reputation, to speak on this, I would at least spend a week watching/reading/etc. as much as I can in the area. None of his achievements as an entrepreneur give him insights into philosophy, political economy or anything else he writes on. I granted him "entrepreneur" status. He can have "compu-sci" intellectual too. You can see my comment here on his pseud-osity: https://news.ycombinator.com/item?id=6988150 to save repeating myself. > Which I say about very, very few people. Going by your personality as demonstrated here it seems you idolize intellect so when you "think he's more intelligent than" you you're going to put him on a pedastle. This may seem natural to you, but it comes across as fawning and misplaced. It's "amateur social science" in the sense that it's an "off-hand comment". I could write a 5k word essay on this very small point and make it respectable, I didnt because HN comment boxes are not vehicles of long essays. If pg's observations were confined to small discussion threads on HN i wouldnt have much issue. But he presented the article I mentioned at Defcon. And his "Essays" section are presented as essays, not "off-hand comments". > Why would you do that? I'm responding to the questions raised in the most convenient way. I'm not going to give a serious critique of the many essays which require it to make a small point about his blase approach to serious academic topics. Far too much effort to spend on a crowd whose faith in pg's intellectual status is based on his money-making ability. I agree that a lot of the time intellectual pursuits are misdirected ways of solving life's problems (though the worst culprit here is wealth acquisition, doubling the critique of pg here). There is a kind of wisdom that arises through knowledge of oneself and other people that comes with age. A kind of knowledge which helps you predict what is going to be worthwhile, etc. However we shouldnt fall into the trap of saying "academic persuits might leave you unsatisfied therefore you can be blase about them whilst discussing them". You cant dispense with the particulars of physics when discussing gravity because your interest in "the universe" owes to a unfulfilled religious need. "age" is a different category of knowledge and doesnt excuse or justify glorified amateurism in another. He isnt "echoing their thoughts" any one who has read Adam Smith systematically would know that the very first few lines of this are explicitly rejected by him. They're childish research-lite versions of a 50s-style classical liberalism. It is much the same as Ayn Rand another amateur philosopher who knew very little on the topics she was writing about. I dislike the "talking head" approach to serious topics. I dont think "giving your opinion" excuses a lack of serious research. Half-baked, under-informed opinion isnt truth or even the attempt to reach it; regardless of whether it is phrased with feigned objectivity. I wouldnt be too annoyed if he wasnt glorified by other $-eye'd idiots. > the most clueless people in those areas I know are tenured professors. Not about the subjects they research. That is the purpose of research. > are full of scorn for academia in general All of those people are academics par execellance. I'm not talking about business-ified institutional academica. I'm talking about spending a long time on a topic, researching it and thinking deeply, clearly on it before you offer your opinion as though it were valuable. > do a SPECIFIC critique of what he wrote somewhere I have on one of his essays, but I took it seriously to write that critique. The audience I would be targeting in a critique of the man (via a critique of his under-informed rants) are those who equate money with success and "money-making" with intelligence. I value my time too much to spend the amount required undoing that confusion. It isnt back tracking when at the time you made the comment you said it was an off-hand comment . It isnt "backtracking" to criticize a person for one thing while you are doing another . Jon Stewart criticizes news programs whilst his program isnt a very good news program. Fortunately he's in the comedy business. Equally, my off-hand comment isnt a very good essay but fortunately I didnt post it to an Essays section of a website and then go and read it to a conference audience. Political power is one form of power; political action are one kind of action. The point I made encompassed them. For example "the ability to be heard" increases with wealth: having your opinion be prominent in a democratic society is politically powerful and the more money you have the more you are able to finance outlets for your views. One's ability to make money - to have one's skills suit the market; or to be lucky - has nothing to do with the value of your opinions or how frequently/prominently they should be offered to the rest of us. pg doesn't even begin to engage in anything like this critique of inequality. I dont really think he knows anything about why serious academic researchers and writers have seen inequality as a serious problem for democractic societies. Because he hasnt spent the time to find out. I'm reacting to how he is treated and how he writes (playing up to this image of himself as a Heidegger). If we attribute his writing to a small time blogger who's writing on a few topics for fun then all of my critique looks insanely harsh. You have to put what im saying in the context of how his work is read (as some kind of obviously briliant religious text). It's the opinion of any academic philosopher who has ever reviewed her. It also has nothing to do with her individualistic/libertarian view - Nozick, for example, who shares many of the same conclusions wrote a detailed review of her books in which he exposed her arguments and philosophical analysis as barely at an undergraduate level. This is why Nozick and others are taught in political philosophy and not ayn rand. You can listen to a somewhat detailed introductory treatment by people well-read in philosophy here: http://www.partiallyexaminedlife.com/2013/07/01/ep78-ayn-ran... . One of her greatest sins is her perpetually trashing people like Kant whilst having no idea what theyve said - because she makes many of the very same points. pg does this too. I know his academic background. His article on philosophy cannot have taken "weeks" because it is so woeful. > It is not clear to me why we should care about the other standard of quality. Yeah, I think this is a fairly good characterization of pg's audience. I would need to go through many of his articles to expose their chronic lack of information. It's not a case of disagreeing, it's that others have disagreed and he hasnt bothered to make himself aware of how. This is no good for an "intellectual" idol. > It's a matter of degree. It has nothing to do with "degree". "Corruption" has nothing to do with the mixture of wealth and power: in extremely capitalist societies the Law codifies wealth as power (eg. Citizens United) and in extremely Socialist societies it codifies the opposite. "Corruption" is perceived to be prevalent in societies (eg. italy) in which the public and private sphere are blended and the Law tracks this lack of clarity. This is why its not sufficient to say "abuse of wealth" is corruption and we need to fix corruption. Because "corruption" is defined by and against the norms of particular societies and does not measure how much wealth distorts the political landscape. Americans do not see owning many news outlets as "corruption" for example, but it is arguably an abuse of wealth to gain political power and influence. To treat his articles seriously and engage with them (I have written about his essay on Philosophy before) is to give them too much credit. If i wanted to contribute substantively to this debate I would go and find someone informed on the matter and reply to a essay they have written. To reply to pg is to educate him. You're right. I shouldve emphasized the "pseudo" part had more to do with the gap between how people treat him and how he really is. The number of defenders coming out of the woodwork may perhaps suggest something. Whenever one writes something critical about pg or one of his articles you get many people making cultish appeals to authority, "what do you know, he's founded x/y/z" though this has nothing to do with his credibility on Q topic. As I have said elsewhere you have to take my comments in the context of his fawning fans. As a guy "writing about shit", fine. But as a guy who plays up to this praise and receives it whatever he talks about, he aint anywhere near the intellectual ballpark for that. I mean if he wrote an article about race and Cornell West wrote a critique, you'd have hundreds of people coming to defend pg on the back of the cultish Bay Area mentality. There really needs to be a JVM crash-course for clojure... I can understand the syntax well-enough, but I want to know what java libs i need/how i use them/etc. ie. when I have to "leave clojure". Yes... but reading api documentation isnt a tutorial. I was asking for a tutorial for common java api stuff. If a tutorial goes through some common apis then you can get a feel for how to read the documentation through a clojure lens. Well for a start they're misusing apachebench gnuplot data (which isnt time-ordered). And "compiled to php" is kinda meaningless, it depends what it's compiled to. There is no "native routing" language. For my two cents, if you're having to translate your solution into simpler code your solution is wrong. Strong AI is not a matter of "processing power". These pop-compu-sci guys are selling the 50s AI project which was already dead in the water upon invention (cf. Hubert Dreyfus' critique) but has since been realised by the compu/cog-sci people to be irrevocably flawed. Today the thesis that Strong AI is a function of processing power is snake oil or a result of a serious lack of knowledge of this area. The latter is OK for a layman, not for this kind of "expert". They arent definitionally "trolls" but they cannot be Using the patents (deriving value from their being patents in the fist place). So it's still a useful metric. I guess it's like a pyramid scheme where everyone knows its a pyramid scheme and believes theyre close enough to the top that they'll still profit. Physicists tend to be metaphysical sceptics on the whole, meaning that they arent really convinced that the implied objects (/particles/fields/etc.) of physical theories actually exist^. Merely that "something exists which makes the mathematics work". Seeing so many different kinds of math work for the same physical system tends to engender a kind of scepticism towards the "metaphysical power" of mathematics to imply anything ontologically particular about the world. Now, when it comes to results like this, they are interesting because it doesnt really matter if there are magnetic monopoles if you "just wanted to use a magnetic monopole" - you could create some in supfl. He. The point is that whatever system enables the math to work is irrelevant to what ever uses theories will have for this math. Of course it is still practically relevant, because a simple monopole experiment might be extremely expensive/difficult in Supfl. He. NB^: Pop physicists who wax philosophical on TV shows tend to be sceptics but appear "hardcore realists" for TV. Part 1 has, Part 2 is still in progress. I dont know if he'd complete all his parts though. Capote and Magnolia cemented him, in my mind, as one of this generations leading acts who'd mature into a Mirran/Hofman/Freeman/etc.-class actor. It's such a tragedy for film - which will outlast us all here now. Even so, this issue has nothing to do with a corp suiting a state. Any one can sue a state if its under some larger (eg. federal) umbrella. Google are suing France because they conform to EU Law rather than French law, and would like European courts to resolve the issue. Europeans arent as unreflectingly captialistic and "frontier"sy. Americans have always seen success in business as an crowning achievement. Europeans have traditionally found this kind of pre-occupation with monetary success somewhat crass or trivial. > Europeans don’t realize that if a company that went from nothing to connecting 7 million homes is not celebrated... That's total BS. You dont need a culture of fanatical adoration of business success for their to be successful businesses. > if a company ... is not celebrated ... we will not get young Europeans on the right track It really worrisome how these people have to go around reminding everyone how amazing they are. I think our children will do just fine without being propagandised by self-aggrandizing money-chasers. You have this thing called "The American Dream" and you have an entire cultural history tied to self-motivation, entrepreneurship and "pushing the frontier"... Clearly every single american isnt subject to the same cultural pre-occupations, that's absurd. But there are only certain cultural phenomena possible in one place or another. A right-wing party in the UK could not even begin to use any of the ideas or rhetoric of the republican party - they'd be widespread revulsion. We dont sing our national anthem in the UK, we dont "pleg" anything, we dont consider our country "Exceptional" (hence American Exceptionalism). There hasnt been the suggestion that our prime minister is impotent for not interfering in Ukraine, at least, nothing like the inferiority-complex about Obama's lack of big-dickery. The idea that the west is culturally homogenous is "Bullshit". As compared to anywhere in europe, americans are vastly more market-oriented, mistrustful of government, approving of business success, etc. It is simply the case, insofar as I can see, that "business" isnt really a dream of any kind in europe. People dont grow up wanting to run/own/be in business in anyway, we dont really have an "explorer"/inventor dreams either. A considerable amount has been written by the european experience of america and an almost ubquitious theme in the accounts is "the feeling of unlimited possibility", an ostentatiousness and pre-occupation with wealth, etc. > Are you implying that the sort of people who assume the degree .... are merely "self-aggrandizing money-chasers?" Yes. That's very often the mentality, however you'd like to dress it up. There's a distinction between small-businesses that arent pre-occupied with growth and "success" and those which are. Sure, if you have your own bakery/etc. then you're probably doing that because youre interested in the craft of baking . The fact that you own the company is kinda incidental to your passion for a craft. I'm saying that these kind of people who build up multi-million/billion-dollar companies are basically interchangable money managers. You can take a telecoms business-genuis and put him in insurance, or manufacture, or anywhere: and people routinely do! Because the "skill" at that level is merely business as such . All I got from this article is "people should aspire to be successful in business", which I think is kinda stupid and dangerous. People should be passionate about, eg., giving people healthcare, creating amazing art or music, writing the best novels, finding out how the world works... that we have businesses and that they make money is something which is meant to facilitate our dreams not become them . Capitalism abstractly is not meant as an end in itself, but almost everywhere we look today it has become one. Growth, expansion, money, "success" for its own sake - not for the sake of beauty/truth/skill/knowledge/love/etc. As I said, self-aggrandizing. People read this trumped-up BS every day in silicon valley and have started to believe it. > However, they aren't the same as "unreflectingly capitalistic" and "pre-occupied with monetary success". They have become inextricably linked. Maybe early in the 19th C. you'd be right. After the rise of american industry and maufacture and its corresponding propaganda (edison, etc.) AND after the cold war, "capitalism", "democracy", "patriotism" all became intertwined. Such that today The American Dream is almost purely capitalist and pragmatic. The American Dream has, to my eyes, for a long time been directed towards individuals - it is their dream. A person achieves their dream. Once, perhaps, The American Dream was a dream for American s - a common enterprise, with common goals, something achieved for everyone or no one, etc. The author of this article did not explain why ONO was part of a common enterpise, which its activity was making all our lives better and helping us achieve our ideals. He said, "built originally by Eugenio Galdon and mostly by my friend Richard Alden between 2001 and 2011, is in the process of being sold to Vodafone for around $9.5bn, and nobody cares." If that's doesnt read hollow and pathetic to you I dont know what could. It's complete mythologising of two people "building" a company, it's display of hurt feeling over the fact that $10bn doesnt impress people enough, its utter pre-occupation with self-aggrandizement and money. The rhetoric in this article is almost suffocating its message and very few can tell - because this rhetoric has become the language in which we phrase our dreams today. We'll I've commented three times thus far to direct replies.. I wouldnt say that was "littering". > To an American it's obvious that two people didn't personally build the company Yes, but it's also obvious who gets the credit (, and who doesnt). > I'm amazed you can't find one positive interpretation to agree with Sorry I dont find the acquistion of wealth anything to celebrate in itself and that's the point of the article.. so no, obviously i dont think there's a positive interpretation here and it isnt "cynicsm": it's reading it without buying into its assumptions. > But we should not blame Americans for this. Americans do the right thing, they recognize and celebrate success. The blame is exclusively with Europeans who are still uncomfortable and envious with big exits Yes Americans do the right thing and "celebrate success", they try not to tax "job creators" and make sure "hard working risk takers" get the "credit they deserve". Ideological, all of it. > What else is an expression? You seem to have confused expression with application. A person unable to speak but merely point is unable to express (that is, define precisely) what it is that causes them to point to, say: a red brick, a red door, a red pencil. However in their activity of pointing, that is, in their application of an unexpressed principle we can infer a "theory". Naur's point is that a "theory" in his sense is a purely mental, immediate, intuitive ground for the understanding of a problem. It is the "red" in the above example, and as we cannot explicate red (only point to it) we cannot express the theory. >If it matches something -- like software -- that is complex and determinate, it must itself be analysable into determinate properties or patterns or structure. No. The mind is not a computer program. Mental models are not immediately accessible, completel and transparent to conscious thought, nor are their relations, nor are they "comprised" of anything simpler than more thoughts. The theory doesnt "match" the computer program, the computer program is a symptom of the theory. The theory is how a problem is understood. >Since 'theory' is used to make actual software -- something that can fit or diverge from it -- 'theory' must have a substantial, and complex, objective part. I dont know what this means (nor much of your comment to be honest), but i suspect you're making the same error as above: that the (physical) products of mental activity reveal or constrain the nature and structure of that mental activity. Throughout this saga, and with religiously motivated bigotry in general there has been a politicization of the language and the issue as though it were not a moral concern, merely something a "social conservative" and a "social liberal" can disagree about with mutual tolerance. This isnt whether taxation is 38% or 35% this is whether people of a different sexual orientation are to be treated as people. I have very little patience with spineless calls for "respect" for those who which to preserve institutional disrespect. Tolerance is over-rated and has done very little for any one. better just to have and __in__ no? Not for tea. There is a substantial difference in flavour if the water isnt boiling. It's one of the shocking things a british person experiences in america, handed tea made with a microwave. It really is quite disgusting in comparison. I think it's more that no one ever actually boils it. They microwave it to drinking temperature. I'm not sure it would be safe to boil it in a microwave, the water would go everywhere. "upload consciousness" is just a meaningless juxtaposition of words, the modern pseudo-intellectual crank lexicon. One might as well say, in other ears: "capture personality with cathode rays" or "compress the fluid of the soul" or or "render oneself in brass automata" or "bottle the element of the mind". It is essentially an argument from ignorance combined with an argument from authority: "look what we've discovered! we dont know it's implications! here's some implications (sprinkled with academa-bable)". it's not pseudo-intellectualism. It's the result of about a decade of study in the philosophy of mind and computer science. Disheartening is the trading of God for techno-babble to provide the "wonder" necessary to get over your own mortality. I'm just replying to you so I can say to people that I've replied to you :) Nielsen & Chuang is one of the bibles of my universities physics dept.! I dont know, these feel to me like very simple features ("functions are objects", "functions take a final-type") .. nothing really "wow". The wow-factor is, I guess, that Go can actually do it.. which seems to me a little masochistic. ("Wow my underpowered lang. isnt so bad!"). 1) Graham Priest is one of the most famous logicians of this century. 2) The LNC is an axiom it doesnt "hold", its either built into what you mean by identity or it isnt. Either way there is no non-circular "hold"ing. 3) Im sure the notions of truth, falsity and consistency are far too technical here for the lay person to get a serious grasp of but i'd be careful of rationalizing your own ignorance by projecting stupidity onto others. cynics are usually superficial. it's the easiest thing in the world to say "no". The problem has ended now, but for a brief period MSNBC was http access protected. ( & Tested on NY/UK VMs). Nope, it's a ruby thing I believe. Umm.. what do you think a server is for? What are you talking about? Everyone has to depend on some infrastruture to provide their service. I'd imagine pretty much every hosting platform (from amazon to dreamhost) has less reliability than facebook. No, that's not how risk works. Centralization of services to a single platform is more risky. He blames the SOX act for decreasing the number of IPOs but they were already down from 100s/year in the 80s to 80 in 2001 (before sox) and this trend continued. He seems to be performing the slight-of-hand anti-regulatory BS that accompanies the right these days: "over here there is a problem - over there is some regulation; wink wink nudge nudge". No, just two end points to draw a negative correlation between that keeps going today. It isnt hilly. So the introduction of SOX as an explanation for decreasing IPOs is BS. I think the "roads" problem is just a simple and easy example of the general class of collective action problems that require a single authority to manage. Here is another example: the design of a network cannot be modified arbitrarily. It's rational for a private company to insert a road into a system to benefit itself at the disadvantage to others (cf. negative externalities). Indeed it's rational for several to do this making ad-hoc modifications to the network, the net result of this is significant inefficiency. Collective action problems and (negative) externalities are the main cases where we require a single-point-of-trust / authority to coordinate a system. Libertarians say that private companies can do this, but when you ask "well what do these companies look like?" you invariably get something like a small government. The moral question then arises: we have these single-points-of-trust, do we have any democratic control over them? The answer, in a libterian system is No (money != vote). The libertarian solution to these problems then, seems to me, to hand them over to private tyrannies with no public accountability to perform largely the same function as a government. Its at this point the "NOPE!! LEAVE ME ALONE!" tends to come out. > And I think the claim that public has more control over government needs to be backed up by some sort of data. Of course, you'd need to define the term "pseudo-government" as well. For pseudo-gov read "multinational". As far as data goes, I cant think of a principle more well-evidenced. A single person who is not a consumer of a corporation has no influence whatsoever over the decision making of that corporation. I can go to my local representative and act in my local community (petition, etc.) in which my local representative has a stake and he can do things for me. The tremendous amount of public shaming the government goes through (compared to private corps) should be evidence enough that there's a considerable amount of public accountability. > They advocated a free market system on the premise that it was the best way to handle this complexity, not on the basis that it doesn't exist. They shifted simplicity from society to the individual. So if the social was complex it was nevertheless based on a the motives of simple individuals. That is, people are selfish rational actors. The problem is that they arent. Libertarian models of humans are incredibly simplistic. "take actions they believe will accomplish those goals". Well there you go: quite wrong! People aren't at all clear on what they want, nor how to accomplish it. People respond to impulses and psychological drives not propositionalized goals.