I'd argue the opposite. I find nginx config much more flexible, and compact. http://www.rkblog.rk.edu.pl/w/p/hosting-django-under-nginx-s... Doesn't look bad at all. ~10 required lines, all of which are just telling nginx how to call wsgi and what params to pass. Very similar to the apache config to do the exact same thing. 16 digits of precision != 16 digits of accuracy. COBOL? What if there was something like a git deploy command? Basically, when you don't actually care about git functionality on the remote (production/staging) end, that would actually change the remote files. (Yes, I know it can be done with a hook, but that's more of a power user solution, and it's still extra work to setup) Does the font rendering seem very different to anyone else? Using the same font (Anonymous Pro 14pt), I had to increase the vertical spacing from 1.0 (as it was in iTerm) to ~1.18 to get the same spacing. Bold is rendered differently (worse) too. It does seem quite a bit snappier on my old G5 though. Comparison shot: iTerm on the left, iterm2 on right: http://i.imgur.com/9yA8y.png At a glance, quite possibly. It's entirely possible that it's one of those 'tiny changes that bugs you' sort of things. When you look at a font rendered in an exact way for 6 or so years, slight changes just look really...off. Wouldn't it be optimal to make the reward inversely proportional to the number of snakes turned in? That way as the population goes down, snakes become harder to catch, thus more valuable dead than alive. It also makes "farming" a negative pressure, since it decreases the reward per unit. Remember we don't have VAT here, so that's what, a 25%, 30% difference right there? Most of the stuff that makes nginx work/fast aren't available on Windows. A lot of it is pretty much reliant on a unix api. That said, spotify's baseline is -q5 Ogg Vorbis (true VBR at an average of around 160kps), not 128k MP3. Huge difference. VBR mode is a huge win for an codec, and Vorbis in general is less "obvious" than MP3. In particular, drums aren't a dead giveaway that the file is compressed, unlike any MP3 For example, let's say you've got a string like 4|1|45|343|22. You want to return a string with the last three numbers, but seperated by a comma and a space. In PHP: $arr = explode('|',$str); $last_three = array_slice($arr, -3); return implode(", ",$last_three); In Python: return ', '.join(str.split('|')[-3:]) Small conciseness improvements snowball as the codebase gets larger. In fact, being unable to chain functions in PHP is actually my biggest beef with the language. If you could do return implode(', ',array_slice(explode('|',$str),-3)); that'd be a lot less annoying. Still not as good as the python, but a lot closer. Urm, no. There's lots to like about Drupal, but clean code isn't one of theme. I mean, it's not PHPNuke, but clear and logical it ain't. I'm saying that as lead dev on a drupal site that pushes pretty heavy traffic and has thousands of man hours in it. That's where I'd risk to me. For one, the combat theme is going to instantly turn off at least half the females, and a chunk of the males also. It just doesn't have the same appeal. I'm calling BS on this. LOTS of python gets used in places you don't expect. I've had backend stuff running in python for years. That's not really it. This, at least in my understanding, is a fully generic optimization, of operations on constant strings. Frankly, no. Just no. The REASON PHP needs a page per function is the sheer number of poorly handled edge cases, version incompatibilities, and gotchas. One thing to point out, based on my experience, is that you need about 10x or more peak throughput to handle a given average throughput. Spikes kill you. Your average GM is also not Gary Kasparov. The difference between a typical GM and one of the handful of elites is pretty astounding. I don't really think that's desirable. Trying to make a document database pretend it's a relational database may work "ok" for simple things, but when you have code that expects to do things that practical in SQL (think: joins, etc) it'll all end in tears. 3rded. A major version bump should indicate major changes e.g. time to go through any code that talks to the server. If they just want to have a number that grows, they should do something like vRELEASE.MINOR. That would be sane. It would also NOT mean "all gems/app just work with it", which is what GP said. The point of a major bump is to say to the ops team/sysadmin "HEY! We actually changed some stuff. You probably want to check with your programmers to see if any of these changes will effect our client code". The fundamental problem with daily deal sites is that by large and large the customer profile they attract are the LEAST attractive to local merchants. Who wants a customer who only buys things that are on sale and has no loyalty? The only time i really see it making sense is if the profit margin is huge that even after the discount and fees, the deal is still profitable. (Imagine something like a portrait photographer with lots of empty appointments...where even a fraction of the normal fee is still better than nothing, and where there is potential to upsell at full margin.) Notepad -> Arachnaphobia (Something like that...very early windows syntax highlighting html editor) -> Emacs -> jEdit -> Textmate -> MacVim -> Sublime 2 I see this sentiment a lot. It annoys me. NoSQL is not a performance operation. It's about choosing a representation that is appropriate for your data. To repeat history: No wireless. Less space than a nomad. Lame. I thought the whole point of a DTD was that a validating parser could download it, and, well, validate. Pretty pointless. Very shallow feature comparison. No benchmarks or performance commentary at all. That's been true for a looong time. Remember when offices had typing pools and messenger boys? True for any number of companies, including Marshall/Orange/Sount City/HiWatt in the UK, pretty much ALL of which got into business after being recruited to build louder amps for The Who. For anyone else who's curious, the actual site is http://mojolicio.us/ . If you're trying to get new blood linking to a site without docs, or any apparent links to get more info is maybe not the best way of doing so. Ok, so it is. Problem is it just looks like a tag or something. Really? It seems to me like a mostly small vocal group is pushing 3. Most people I talk to actually using it heavily in production are ambivalent or actively planning on staying on 2. Python 3 is exactly how not to do a major language change. They broke enough that porting isn't trivial, and for many programs there just isn't any benefit. Plus the performance noticeably regressed. Pretty impressive, but that ain't space. Ubuntu has been losing that plot for a long time. Remember when they shipped a version with essentially broken audio? Because they decided to switch to PulseAudio? Yes, but when you're trying to make an "end-user" product, you don't throw in huge changes a few weeks before release. Which is what they did with Pulse. Maybe they'd have fewer problems if they you know, actually released stuff? Having dealt with CPAN, I'll take python and pip _any day_. CPAN is practically the definition of dependency hell. For developers it may be good (I don't write Perl, so I dunno), but for end users it's a real clusterfrak. How else would one deliver bug fixes, exactly? Like depending on 20 other modules, 4 of which fail to build with the current version. Lots of bitrot. Yea, that sounds like a good way to get lots of unfriends. Who comes up with this stuff? I'd hazard a guess that you're wrong. Dedicated scanners became totally obsolete for 99% of users with the switch to digital photography. Any plans on supporting objects in standard open CAD formats? It'd be handy on occasion to be able to be able to dump an IGES or STEP file out of Solidworks and get it printed. Doesn't the fact that a stock is traded on an OTC exchange really tell you all you need to know? Is that really unfair though? Was it made clear on the product page that it was not i18n? Every american chain "grill" would disagree with you. I've been running Arch on a vps for a few months and I really like it. It feels like a more modern slackware + good package management. Very solid, and it doesn't pointlessly deviate from the standard way of doing things. Depends on what you mean by expose. Root it, install terminal app, and go nuts. Ironically, vinyl is the one segment of the industry that well. It's been growing double-digits percentage wise every year for at least the last 6-7 years. In 2010, vinyl sales were actually higher than in 1991, the last year the majors were distributing most releases on vinyl. 2011 looks like it could be up as much as 25% over 2010. Why is this? Well, at least for me, it's a much better value proposition, despite being substationally more expensive. Full size art, much better sound quality, etc. Sterlings are normally run on solar heat. > Look at how much rock stable C software we have out there. Which would be what exactly. The work of Knuth and djb I'll grant you, but the rest? No he doesn't. defaultdict provides a default value for ALL missing values. His approach allows him to target one key in particular, and is a very common python idiom. Because it's actually (somewhat confusingly, called setdefault). >>> a = {1:'foo',2:'blah'} >>> a.setdefault(1,'default') 'foo' >>> a.setdefault(4,'default') 'default' >>> a {1: 'foo', 2: 'blah', 4: 'default'} This actually updates the underlying datastructure. Very handy when you want to deal with nested structures, since you can do something like: matches.setdefault(keyword,[]).append(s) This will append s to the list in matches[keyword] if it exists, or set matches[keyword] to [] and then append. Yep, also somewhat common on boats, especially sailboats, for the same reasons. That's true, but in the real world it's fairly uncommon to see actual burners in use, outside of machine shop projects and the like. BSD kernels have had numerous exploits over the years. GCC is a massive hairball. gzip has had exploits ( http://www.kb.cert.org/vuls/id/381508 for one). Care to try again? This is the language that doesn't have proper function arguments, exceptions, objects, etc, and you're calling OTHER languages a subset? Sorry, I just don't see it. What exactly is so awesome in Perl that isn't easily done in Python/Ruby/Scala/D/Haskell? Not sure I follow you. Your python example is very explicitly passing a _single_ arguement, a list of three items. If you call it the same way you call the perl code, you'd have the same result. Wow, what a completely terrible name. I honestly think having an easy-to-spell/type _and_ pronounce name was a factor in Google's success. Of course, if this could be used for large portions of the structure, that really changes the equations a lot. You don't need nearly as much lift for a given weight of cargo. The Hindenburg used 200,000m^3 of hydrogen (generating a lifting force of approx. 215,000kg. Net useful load was only 10,000kg. Uh, in this context I would wager he has a pretty good idea how many people he said no to. That's one way to look at it. I don't remember it quite that fondly. I also remember the missing replies, broken threads, spam you couldn't really do much about, endless flamewars about top-quoting vs bottom-quoting, etc. Plus the pace was just glacial - it could take hours for some posters posts to appear. Maybe is was better in the REALLY old days - a bit of quick, non-exhaustive google groups searching shows my first usenet posts in June of 1997. Not really. Decent writers cost money. Editors cost money. Fact checkers cost money. Are there people who will write about their hobby for free, and produce good quality content? Sure. At the same time, many things require feet (and equipment) on the ground, on location, and that, again, costs money. Look, I'm normally pretty easy going, but it's just like to say it's people like YOU that are ruining the internet. I really wish all the SEO-cretins would just go find something else to do with their time. The issue I take is when they're blatantly trying to makes ads look like legitimate content. The difference is I can't adblock text. Here's why I say ruin. Remember when you could do a search for product reviews, and actually get product reviews , instead of a million template link bait sites? Nothing, in and of it self. My rant was more at this whole group of grey/black hat SEO, a group he most defiantly IS in. It's defiantly at least gray. He openly admits to trying to trick visitors into thinking the ad is organic content. That's well over the line in my book. It's pretty much certain, given the widespread acceptance python has in scientific computing, an area where Ruby penetration is minimal-to-nonexistant. Those are just spambots, not actual people. Author needs to figure out a better way of doing screencapture. Using an image that might _actually_ induce seizures isn't a very good first impression. Please don't let this bit of reddit-stupidity transfer here. "LOl upvotd" posts don't add anything and just clutter the discussion. May I make the suggestion of installing Reddit Enhancement Suite. Unsubscribe from all the default sub/r's (wtf, offbeat,askreddit, etc), and block all posts from imgur and quickmeme, and things look a lot better. The problem is too much focus on 'simple math', and not enough on numeracy. I'd imagine logistics would play into it also. Not just shipping, but things like UL certification. When your're working on the sort of razor thin margins they certainly are at that price point... It's Groovy still, like, slower than Ruby? That was always the big attraction with Scala - all the fun stuff, but less than a 5% performance penalty over vanilla java. You're assuming that the only people interested in these languages are only people locked in to Java-the-platform. That defiantly isn't the case, especially for Scala and Clojure, as they offer combinations of features and language traits that aren't really available elsewhere. The function without () thing annoys the crap out of me. I much prefer Python's way of doing things, () is the no-argument call, and without parens is the actual callable object. It emphasizes that functions really _are_ first class values that can be passed around, instead of having to use some special-case syntax to get at the callable. That's true, but on the other hand, there are many apps that are pleasure to use where a web site is a pain in the ass. The android gmail app comes to mind. > The bits of PHP that are "much worse" are mostly either legacy cruft that nobody in their right mind uses anymore Ever dealt with PHP code in the wild before? The amount of PHP written by people not in their right mind is VERY high. Eww, glad I didn't have to with HTML that nasty. I actually coded something very similar to this ( http://www.reflector.com/jail-bookings ) for our website about a year ago. Users don't read manuals. If you expect the user to read the manual to use your product, you have failed. If other there was another provider of high-quality smartphone equipment that didn't have a business plan of rampant market fragmentation and crapware. Made the switch from a Moto Droid 3 months ago and couldn't be happier, personally. Super extreme metal. Messuggah, Vried, Vektor, stuff like that. Tech/prog death mainly. Have to start it a bit gentler in the morning, usually some old school doomer/stoner (St. Vitus, Slough Feg, Candlemass, etc) I'm more surprised that they lasted this long. I remember using it back when it was Mandrake. It was ok for it's time. At the time, when I was stuck on dialup, it was nice to be able to buy a desktop distro on CD, but I really don't see how they've had a viable business model in years. It's worse than that. It seems to be using the same deeply flawed GeoIP database as many other cheap/free services. For instance, the connection I'm on, a business class fibre connection with CenturyLink, claims to be located in "Tyler, TX", even though I'm 2000 miles from there. I'm conflicted. Conditions for the lower class in China are abominable with industry or without. The alternative for those workers is to go back to their home village and do subsistence farming. It's not like they have a ton of options. The big difference is that in Drupal it's possible to get pretty far without ever writing a single line of code, even templates. For some use cases that's very powerful, especially an environment where you have trainable, reasonably technical people who aren't programmers. It's not bad once you get your head around it. Sure, it's not buzzword compliant (MVC, TDD, ORM OH MY!) but for what it is, it can be pretty compelling. My primary job for the last 2 years has been developing a Drupal site for a group of daily newspapers with monthly page views in the low 8 figures. We were in a situation where we had to get a site up quickly (Our small group was bought off from a much larger conglomerate, so the huge $$$$ Java system we had been using went away). Drupal allows us to get a tolerable site up in about 3 months, and a much better site up about 6 months later. Have there been pain points? Sure. But if we'd used anything else there's no way we would have been on our feet nearly as quickly. Are we investigating other options? Of course, if I wasn't I wouldn't be doing my job. There's a part of me that would love to rewrite the whole thing in Rails or Django. That would be a huge undertaking though. It's actually already happened. Most of the really nasty stuff (electronics recycling, sweatshops, etc) is now happening in places like Bengal and Sub-saharan Africa. Depends. We serve ~40 PHP requests a second (and that's NOT counting stuff that hits the cache) on reasonable hardware - an 8G webserver VM, and a 4G DB VM, both with 4 cores allocated, and hot copies of each for failover. Our site is pretty interactive, and even the stuff that's cached is short (5 minutes or less) timeouts. I've done it. Use case involves a class wrapping python's xml-rpc stuff to talk to Drupal. Drupal's xml-rpc interface is not the most pleasant thing to work with, as you have to pass in a session id and auth token on every request, and then all the "actual" parameters go in as an array. My wrapper class would query the remote interface for available methods, and then dynamically generate, via eval, a function object that used a closure to store the sess/auth tokens, and that took a variable number of arguments to pass as the 3rd array argument to the function. The eval'd function object was then bound as a method to the connection object. It also did a bit more magic, such as on error logging the arguments to a file. ALl in all it made writing web-service clients a lot more pleasant. But the data still needs to go the Google Analytics server to actually do the tracking...in an HTTP request. You should really re-think your stance on the size. As a website publisher, anyone wanting to run a non-standard size is going to have to A: pay me for an exclusive spot, because I can't run any other ads in that slot and B: pay for my time to write custom code for your ad. Doesn't happen often. That's all assuming that's a size I can even fit into my design without making the site look bad. The 250px width is awkward. For us, our right rail is sized around a 300px wide big box ad, 250 is enough off of that that it's going to ruin the solid right-side margin we've designed. Look into the IAB (Internet Advertising Board) standard sizes. You want to pick one (or more) of those.