Uh, no. Computing is the absolute opposite of security. Doubly so for anything networked. If you want to take anything secure, and make it unsecure, simply transform it from paper, and put it on a computer. Bam! Paper is millions of times more secure than a computer. No piece of software is ever, ever secure. There are always, literally always thousands and thousands of hardware, and software vulnerabilities just waiting to be exploited. Compared to any form of computerized voting, ballots are insanely secure. But what you're missing here is process. Paper voting has been around for a very, very long time. Process is well established, very simple to do, but it seems the US is always changing how to count, how to tally, and more. But, to pause and take a step back ... I'm not sure how you think adding a computer to the mix, improves auditing. The entire point of a voting system, is that your vote remains anonymous. Therefore, the device or method that records your vote? Must not ever ever be assigned to you. And this also includes any form of anonymization. This has also been handled for a very, very long time. Again, by process. I wonder, how many years have you (or others advocating a computer inserted into the voting process), studied in depth the chain of trust used with paper ballots? Or precisely how ballots are counted? Or, even months? Weeks? All I know is that when I researched paper ballots here in Canada, every aspect I could think of was covered. And that's what you'd expect, from a voting process that evolved over literally hundreds of years, with deep thought put into each voting cycle. Again, you're missing the key here. Process. And current paper process includes audibility, security, and more. Done correctly, it is insanely difficult to swap out an election box. Where would you do it? At the polling station, where members from ALL political parties are present? Volunteers are present too. All together watch the voting process, following through to opening the ballot box, and performing the initial count. https://www.elections.ca/content.aspx?section=vot&dir=faq&do... How, then, are election boxes to be secretly swapped? On top of this, all ballots are serialized. Each voting station has multiple voting boxes. Voting boxes are sealed. How are you going to compromise them? What I find astonishing, is how intensely some people seem to want to use computing for everything. Paper ballots, and the process used to employ them, are incredibly secure. Incredibly. Its a problem that absolutely, positively does not need to be solved. At all. Yet people are consistently working very diligently to do so, and the only real reason for that is one. Profit. And we don't need that motive in an election counting process. As others have mentioned, we only currently have one data point on this. However... Google is well known for terrible customer support. And if you think of it, it makes sense. After all, if you can server 100M users via an automated support systems and only 0.01% have issues a year, it's probably far, far cheaper to just drop those "problem" users, than hire thousands of customer support persons. Note: just threw the above numbers out, but you get the gist. EDIT: Speaking of algorithms, I wonder if the OP was below some adsense fiscal threshold of 'it's worth it to intercede here with a level 4 manager' or some blather. https://farmingfirst.org/2011/01/selenium-fortified-fertiliz... Apparently Finland made it mandatory, and it worked. It's a rough in, I guess. Site has spelling errors, you sign in with linkedin.. but, you still have to enter all your details (job experience, skills, etc). There's no way to change your email address, or delete your account. When you click on 'contact', you have to use email.. they don't have a build in messaging app. I'm guessing it's very much a work in progress. Which is fine, but ... not for me yet. Good grief! Thank you for the heads up, I'll make sure to steer completely clear of Samsung TVs, at a minimum. I don't believe they actually hunt them, but in reality are protecting their eggs. Mice/rats/etc LOVE eggs. Chickens (and all birds) know this. As ground layers, they're surely protective of their eggs from mice. As others have said, in this thread, there are a lot of mixed issues in this article. Living a nomad/traveling lifestyle =! remote work. Loads of people remote-work from home, but change nothing else in their lifestyle. I've been working remotely my entire life. 30+ years now. One thing that is key, is looking at the blue sky . Being outside occasionally. You will note that the article talks about work/life balance, about working a lot, working long hours. And after months and months, become more and more depressed. What I suspect is happening is, winter! Shorter days! With shorter days, it is harder and harder to find sunlight when you just happen to wander outside. In the summer, at least where I am, daylight lives from 4am to 10pm. I doesn't matter when I wake up, or when I go to sleep.. if I wander out just once, there's almost always light. Further, there's a much better chance of good weather. In the winter, if it isn't night, it's often cloudy, and therefore darker. Unless you work away from all windows, this affects the type of light, even when working inside. On top of all that, in the winter it is more often unpleasant. You think with glee, it's cool/cold, raining/snowing, and I work remote! I don't have to go out into that! Yet, this is a trap, for going out in that is key to your health... just for the light! My point in all of the above is -- when you work on site, you have to go outside, and transit outside, to and from work. This gets in that vital light, even often in the winter. It's about the light, it's about blue light from a blue sky, it's about being outside. That's what 30+ years of remote work has taught me. Just had to chime in here, but fifteen+ years ago, Bezo's email was ombudsman like, with him or a top level person reading it. Now, it's just another level of very poor, very scripted support. I'm fairly sure Amazon has taken the (perhaps wise, in a business sense) approach of not caring if a small percentage of users leave, due to support issues. The cost of keeping customers with certain support issues, greatly outweighing supporting them. This is why you have to hunt madly around Amazon's webpage to find contact info, why all forms of help point away from contacting a person, including their chat being bots now, until you move outside of their scripts. Think indeed. Lie once, lie always. Honesty is imperative for a public trust. Now, what do you think the crazy anti-vaxxers will say, next time they're told to trust the CDC, and other public bodies, and that vaccination is safe, and makes sense? When a vaccine is created, perhaps, for this virus? Now it is easier to convince others that the truth is concealed. That lies abound. Any medical official should lose their license, for spreading quackery. That's actually untrue. FYI -- use Debian almost exclusively, been doing so for 20+ years and love it. (Well mostly, the last 5-7 years have been rough though.) What Debian provides, is security updates for 1 year after the next stable release. That's it. '5 years' is via LTS is volunteer support, provided by corporate and private donations, via a corporation in France. Their goal is to extend Debian oldstable's lifespan. The entire process is absolutely not the same as updates when running Debian stable. For example, due to its volunteer nature, companies get to decide where they 'put their money'. What packages are prioritized. Rare / unused packages may never be addressed, depending upon funding. Use PHP? Apache? The Linux Kernel? Sure, you'll see updates! Use rare package $x, and that may not happen, even though Debian Security would handle it. I can also tell you via experience, that QA is not quite as good as Debian proper. Still, is it a good thing? Sure! Is it managed by the Debian security team, 100% embracing all of its methods, and so on? NO. I felt it is important for you (and others) to know this. It's not as stable as Debian, not managed by Debian, and should ONLY be used as a stop-gap. You want stable? Stay on Debian managed security updates! I don't quite understand the narrative I keep seeing lately. To start with, at least in my country (Canada), the narrative has never, ever been to 'stop transmission of the virus'. Ever. EG, the narrative has never been to 'stop people from getting it'. (NOTE: I'm talking about responses from official government officials, not blather in blogs, media, etc) The only point for the lockdown, was/is to slow down the transmission of the virus, so that hospitals would not be overwhelmed. In other words, as everyone , literally everyone catches it, that those which have a worst-outcome, have the best treatment possible. That's it. There's no attempt, or hope, or plan in the lockdown, to stop people from getting the virus. At all. In this context, the lockdown is not to 'save lives', in the sense of 'people won't get it, and be safe'. So, when the hospitals aren't overwhelmed, when it has been shown that the virus isn't quite as deadly as thought to some, it is entirely logical, and sensible, to open up. And to that end, it is entirely logical and sensible to insist people return to work. Because unless people become complete and total hermits for years, they'll get it... One side note here. I've done a bit of research, and two things stand out: - Italy, hit bad - New York, hit bad - Montreal, certain sectors, hit bad After a bit of research, I've concluded that one of the high-risk factors is sickle cell anemia. Something tha is VERY common in blacks from Africa, as it does help protect against malaria. Yet guess what other population group is pre-dispositioned to it? Italians. Due to the Roman Empire's control of Africa. https://www.sicklecellsociety.org/resource/sickle-cell-anemi... https://www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pubmed/7365760 Who has a large Italian, and Black population? New York. The sectors in Montreal hard hit. Also note that the Italian population in New York is self reporting , so I suspect the numbers are higher (eg, grandpa was Italian, etc). Hind sight is a wonderful thing, I would never chastise our governments for locking down, based upon what was happening in Italy. However, combine its aged population AND sickle cell anemia, and ho boy... no wonder! Now transpose that to the average population in North America. Not quite the same. Lastly, Ontario/Quebec... have repeatedly stated that there will be a 'second and third' wave. That even if things ebb and stop, soon as the fall comes? It will likely reappear. I think ... I think it is logical to be concerned for one's safety, but I often look at our ancestors and compared, and I find us wanting. Pre-widespream vaccination (even in the 50s), before many vaccines had been developed, people would think us bananas worrying about all these deaths. They'd put on masks maybe, but.. so many people died due to childhood and adult viruses. Even the idea that falling off a ladder, could kill you simply because at one time antibiotics couldn't help if you had even small amounts of internal infection/bleeding. Sulfa drugs just didn't cut it. Yet... compared to that lifestyle, we're insanely pampered. But beyond all this? Unless we reopen, we'll all starve and die of other, massive issues. Want food? You need 1000 little things, all produced by 1000s of industries. Parts for machines, additives, chemicals, transport, and all of that depending upon more and more of our infrastructure and production. Try to trace, for example, a steel cog for a machine. Or, a chemical used. You'll find dependencies on dozens of industries / other products, which all depend on OTHER products and industries, on and on. It's all interconnected. That's how we operate, and there's on way around it.. because no matter what? PEOPLE CURRENTLY HAVE TO WORK TO MAKE FOOD. Medicine. Houses. Governments are opening up, because THEY HAVE NO CHOICE. The retirement home mess is... beyond tragic. Your info is interesting. I'm in Luskville (just West of Gatineau, a quick 15 minute drive to Ottawa). I've been running my own consultant business for 20+ years, and mostly remote. Like you and your wife, I am lucky. I still have my income, and in my case I live on a 1 acre rural lot. Almost nothing has changed in my life, even trips to my (remote) grocery store, at worst, tend to have a 2 minute wait to get in. One thing here ; I don't have cable. I don't read Google News, or News websites. It's been... well, a decade since I've even seen more than a glimpse of a 24 hours news channel. I've checked a few news websites, but I wonder how I'd be thinking, if I too was 80, probably not extremely mobile, bored, and watching some/a lot of news. Maybe the real virus, is the News. FYI, your profile link points to an old URL for your website.. Quite. An example, is buying a house.. and rent pricing reflects purchase price. If you buy and pay off a house, you have "spent" that salary in both locations. However, when you retire, you have property worth a LOT more in SV. So while the "take home" pay, after expenses is the same with 150/400, the equity is massively different. What makes more sense, is it is a fabrication, a story for twitter clickbait. Just because WeChat does numerous, dislikable things, doesn't mean they monitor passwords. Or did this. Are they? Or, are the viewpoints of those in Westwrn nations more diverse? In the "old days", opinion was often formed by highly controlled sources, compared to internet standards. TV, radio, newspapers, magazines were created entirely from within (for example) the US, with strong editorial control. Now, one person with a divergent view can spread said view nation wide, regardless of from where they hail. So, I contend that views are more divergent now, more varied. And with that, comes a greater difficulty in crafting laws which "almost all" agree with. How do you support the will of the people, when there is no collective will? Entering an unlocked house, in many common law jurisdictions, is tresspass at best. Picking a lock falls into break and enter, regardless of the name of the charge. Windows, and even walls offer little security in modern houses too! I can literally punch my way through vinyl siding, with chipboard under that, through to drywall. There's no universal 'common law'. Each jurisdiction has its own, diverged "branch" of common-law, each with its own peculiarities. Primarily, based upon its history. And as the legislative branch passes laws, they effect the power of, modify the scope of, or render inert many such judicial decisions. This is why I said "many common law jurisdictions', not just 'common law'. One vital part of common law, is intent. A door with a lock on it? And you pick it / disable it? It is going to be exceptionally difficult to prove benign intent here. An unlocked door? Well... Are your friends 'breaking and entering' by opening the door and walking in? Again, intent here... Did you knock, and "thought you heard something"? Again, intent. There have been many court cases, but as an example, for a while, in Ontario, Canada, it was common for police to knock at the door, and simply enter saying "Oh, I knocked.. but no one heard me." I kid you not. But let's take a step back here, and give you an example as to why this becomes more difficult with an unlocked door. Part of the issue here is, many houses have a covered, 'cold room' prior to the house proper. Yet, this is still part of the house . It has a roof and walls, a door. It is simply part of the house. In many colder climates, you enter this area. This is fully expected. You're now sheltered, but it isn't heated. When the owner opens the "door proper", blowing snow and wind won't enter their house. Ergo, to knock, you must approach the "real door" of the house, inside this room, and knock. It is also not immediately clear if the "very outside door" you are accessing, is a cold room, or the actual door of the house. How do you discover one way or the other? Why you open the door, and enter! Intent is primary here. Entry into an unlocked house does not prove intent, as there is no 'forced entry'. One thing ; in Canada, the police lay charges. A person need not even make a complaint, for the police to act. Nor does a person insisting that the police not charge someone, indicate this will happen! An example here ; the police discover assault of some form. They only need evidence, not willingness to 'charge'. Now take this legal position, and assign it to people entering houses. Your friend enters your house, as he always does, without even knocking. According to you, that's 'break and enter', yes? What differentiates here? Why, intent of course! Intent is primary, and a locked door creates a very strong validation of intent. An unlocked? Zero validation. I am always looking for a better editing experience, who knows what I might be missing. Yet, after visiting Goyo's github, reading the README, looking about, I still have zero idea what this plugin does. How/what is made distraction free, by this plugin? How is vim distracting prior to its use? A shout out to all, in a thread where the word umwelt is used... actually explain to others, what your code is actually for. Not just some marketish, slogany statement such as "Distraction-free writing in Vim". (Some might say, hey.. just look at the code. Naw. I have better things to do, than delve that far into a whim. I don't have the time. Literally, not to spend on all the quick looks I might take as such links. Say what your stuff is, people. Don't make it a mystery...) Abnry, may I ask, what you use this plugin for? And yet none speak for punternet. Even wikipedia doesn't mention it here: https://en.m.wikipedia.org/wiki/Steve_Punter Yet, in the 300 baud days, before PC clones became numerous, when the C64 was the most sold PC on the planet, PunterBBS, and PunterNET was worldwide. I ran such a BBS, on a C64 with two of these: https://en.m.wikipedia.org/wiki/Commodore_1571 At the time, punternet offered everything fidonet did. But... time passes.... This is exceptionally important to mention, too. Imagine "doing the right thing", and then people lamblasting you, upset at you, and even actively working against you. "It's shameful that we - as cartographers of the world - don't take enough interest to even know where they are. People are living and dying without appearing on any database." I know. Context. Context . There's nothing wrong with the above, with last sentence in context. But that last sentence makes me cringe, these days. The thought! The very thought that a human being may be anonymous, not counted, not known, not measured, watched, their every whim calculated and predicatively known, their essence stored for the ages. A human! Look, over there! A human, and.. and... it's not in our database! YOUR NAME, NOW! YOUR ID, NOW! Who are you? What is your precise address? Who were your parents? Where do you bank, work, live? Write all your friends down on this piece of paper, everything you ever read or do, NOW! In other contexts, in other paragraphs, that same sentence would be uttered by Gollum archetypes at Facebook, Google, the CIA/NSA/etc, well.. essentially, everywhere. The horror for them. Gollum, writhing at the thought, horror on his face: "People are living and dying without appearing on any database." How can this be?! HOW! Not tracked?! All those that wish to profit, or mistakenly believe knowing when we take a dump, will "make them safe". Watch. Watch, spy, sneak, slither, control. Get the precious, hold it close, data is the new gold, the new devil, the new evil. And they covet it. All those little gollums, writhing their hands, wanting their precious, their precious data. shudder ROTFL, enter nest seeking drone. A small, low powered device with solar panels gets auto-clamped a few feet from nest. For the first few weeks of life, baby birds hear your tune, driving it deep into their very essence of self. I am bird, ergo I sing this. I'm a Canuck, but it is no secret how close our two countries, our peoples are. Some of us point and scoff, but these are the same sort which laugh when someone stubs their toe. Buffoons, they are. The lion's share of us watch, concerned. Not just for ourselves, and of what might come from utter chaos to the south. We are legitimatley concerned for what we view as family. I personally feel as if I am watching a beloved sibling, mess up their life for incomprehensible reasons. You want to help, you want to intervene, stop the pain.. but you feel that it may only make things worse. After all, how can you help, when you can't even understand? I agree with what you said, the media is broken. I can think of some fixes, like a constant "this is not news, but an opinion piece" banner or some such, but I doubt that will really help. It does seem to me, that a tiny, tiny percentage of the population is causing a HUGE disruption for almost everyone else. I mean tiny , a core of 0.001%, with all sorts of others "hanging on". While the issues raised have some legitimacy, the media has thrown gas on the fire, and in a way which reduces chances for either side to resolve things. Instead, we get, as you elude to, absurd, useless theatre. Nice link, great info, thanks. Will you force them with a gun? To forgo all friends, family, comforts of home, and be literally trapped at work for months? Money doesn't just buy people. You'd essentially be drafting them. Still is. No response as well. Interesting. (Another point of data .. I've emailed them in the past, over bugs/issues with their site. Zero response.) I think their answer was fair. From my perspective, in their shoes.. it wouldn't just be seniority/skill/desire to hire. I'd also try to gauge the person in question. An example... For years I've done, and supported, remote. One of my clients had an issue with an employee working remote. They simply wanted raw info on what was happening, why this employee had 'degraded' performance wise. So during a normal maintenance trip.. they asked me to keep my eyes open. I did, and things were immediately clear. The 'remote work' space of this employee, was strewn with toys, had a crib in it, and while we were in our meeting, had 10+ interruptions from spouse, mother-in-law, and kids. In other words, how do you get any real work done, when you're literally watching the kids, and pestered every 5 minutes? Bear in mind, this level of interruption was happening when we were in a meeting . Imagine the scenario, when no one was visiting? One of the most essential things in making remote "work", is an understanding by others in the remote location. Just because you can see a person, does not mean they are available to be talked to, or to do chores, or 'watch the kids'... especially pre-schoolers. So why all the above blather? Well, I'd suspect they'd be trying to figure out what one's short term (during covid) and long term remote work environment would be like. If you have a segregated, separate work space at home, if your SO and kids know to "leave you alone!" when at "work", if you don't think working from home means "I can help out at home, while working"... Well, then I'd probably be OK with more perm remote work. That's just my 2 cents, and probably why there are no specifics. Variability like this, is what makes you hire an employee, or not. But... if I cannot describe it as a buzz word on my resume, clearly it is worthless. Often I try to help sites with more generic, borked issues. Your comment about "Oh boy, will they tell you" brought one to the fore. I sent the following to a site. Do you think I received a response? A reply? Either they don't actually read emails from customers, or they employ a person which became 'confused', and their eyes glazed over, once they failed to understand the message. (Note that I sent to about 5 email addresses. The one sent after I purchased the pillow, a website info, whois email addresses, and even took 2 minutes to find the CEO email address. Yup. No response from any of them. And more than 18 months later (I just checked), the SPF record remains unchanged.) I wonder. While metrics may be helpful, I wonder how many only pay attention to metrics, and then ignore emails such as mine. -- Hello, I'm terribly sorry, but unfortunately you've sold a pillow to a SysAdmin. And now that you've done something wrong "with computers", I'm going to prattle on whilst your eyes glaze over. :P But in all seriousness, I recently ordered a pillow from you. Yet your confirmation email bounced! Here's why: May 13 07:10:54 XXX postfix/smtpd[32163]: NOQUEUE: milter-reject: RCPT from smtp2.shopify.com[104.198.207.207]: 551 5.7.1 SPF verification failure: sender host 'smtp2.shopify.com'[104.198.207.207] not among explicitly allowed origin hosts for domain 'canadiandownandfeather.com', and misses are forbidden; REJECT; from= to= proto=ESMTP helo= What's happening, is your SPF record does not list Shopify email servers, as valid for your domain name canadiandownandfeather.com... You do have outlook.com there: canadiandownandfeather.com. 300 IN TXT "v=spf1 include:spf.protection.outlook.com -all" But not Shopify. If fact, the "-all" part at the end means "and nothing else can send mail!". So, as you are telling people that outlook is the only acceptable place to send mail from? Until you fix this: - some mail server servers, like mine, will completely reject your mail from shopify's platform - almost all remaining mail servers, will place this type of mail in SPAM folders I must stress, that due to your 'outlook' line, normal email should work perfectly fine. We're only talking about email, using your domain, but from shopify's platform. If you go here: https://help.shopify.com/en/manual/intro-to-shopify/initial-... And search for "SPF record", you'll see this: -- To verify your customer email address, you need to add Shopify's SPF record — v=spf1 include:shops.shopify.com ~all — to the TXT record in your custom domain settings. -- Now.. you want to KEEP your outlook domain too. So, just add "include:shops.shopify.com" to your TXT record, so both are there.. something like this: "v=spf1 include:shops.shopify.com include:spf.protection.outlook.com -all" Do this, and your problem should be fixed. You can go here: https://mxtoolbox.com/SuperTool.aspx?action=spf%3acanadiando... And check if things are done correctly. -- While I know why you say this, I find it matters little. I've started emails off with (very close to): "NOTE: this is a technical issue. You may not understand it. Please forward to a technical person", with a lot of variety on that line. These too garner little response. I've started out with problem first, then tech info. It seems to matter little, and my humour via that first line, was an attempt to amuse non-technical types into reading further. I must have concocted > 100 over the years. Perhaps 10% responded, regardless of the layout or form of the email. Even 10% is generous. The reality? Anything technical, no matter how presented, is too confusing for many. I get it, please see my other response. RE: random bash commands. Part of the reason I linked shopify's SPF page to them -- an attempt to provide external validation. But I get it. Which is why, as I mention in that other response, it doesn't matter what I send. Even pleas to forward to a technical person = ignored. (I bet lots of tech people get forwarded all sorts of crap that IS a scam, so yell "DON'T FORWARD THIS STUFF TO ME".) In fact, I have even called some places. One started screaming at me. I'm guessing some phone scam "got them", and therefore equated me to the same. What can you do? I mean, seriously? Ah yes. Which is only sometimes responded to, and if so, with a "Check your SPAM folder" email. If you respond to that without technical data, then you're basically saying "No, I did not receive it", and their response is "Your gmail lost it" (because mail = gmail). The problem is that emails sent with "I didn't get the confirm email" are immediately thought to be "user error". And you know what? 99.9999% of the time, they surely are. Bad email providers, lost in SPAM folders, even missed in INBOX. So if you don't include tech info, you're stuck in this category, else many exchanges back and forth . Because once I then respond with technical info? You get the same glassy-eyed type of incomprehension, with often zero response. Or a response that invites another 5 back and forths, with the other side upset, because now they feel ignorant. I feel there really is no proper answer here... except, I still have to try. :P I still don't get night driving + rural. In the city, there is a lot of light. It's not really ever truly dark. In rural areas, on a dark night, especially with no moon, your eyes can adjust to the darkness... I tend to turn all light off inside my car when driving rural at night. That won't work though, if you have a massive, huge LCD with backlight constantly throwing white light at your eyes. Worse is if it 'shuts off', then you do something (change radio channel/interact) and blinding light smashes into your eyes. An OLED would help. A 'red only' theme would be even better. Smaller displays better beyond that. I get that Tesla rethought auto design. That's cool. But it seems like it only rethought from a very urban, perfect-eyesight, 20 something perspective. I still don't like any internal light, and a white blacklight seems... silly. Even if dimmed down, it's still there. (I have owned cars with LCDs before, and it's annoying if I can't completely shut them off). OLED would at least have no backlight. How about the elephant in the room? Radio firmwares. It is meaningless if you install firewalls, if you compile android on your own, only to have to turn around and use proprietary, closed source libs to access proprotary, closed source radio firmwares. Radio firmwares which often have full RAM access, parallel CPU control, GPS and full hardware access, and make intel's management engine, and closed source bioses look sane in comparison. On my samsung phone, I often wonder what the radio firmware might be phoning home about. And how that may be exploited down the road... But then I "do something", and the screen comes blasting to life, blinding me, destroying my night vision. And what about my dometers? Speed, o? In a traditional car, my eyes adjust, and I can read them without additional light. At least an oled could maybe be themed to have tiny, red dometers... and being oled, no backlight... It still leaves the issue that one has to turn their head to see it... but, better than nothing.... http://geraldholmes.freeyellow.com/ (I found this immensely amusing 20 years ago, and mirrored/restored this a decade ago, finding images from multiple wayback snapshots... ) http://l8r.net/geraldholmes.freeyellow.com/ I know Samsung snarfs everything it can from my phone. I know it wants more. I know money is key, and even pulling some info... GPS, sensors, etc is helpful. And with full control of the OS, of where kernel modules memory space is assigned, you'd only have to scan certain buffer regions of memory, to snarf contents of buffers, etc. The problem is, I don't know , and can't. It's not open source. It is not under my control. I personally don't care about paying, but I do about seeing. Not to mention, unexpected hurdles (the pesky public) got in the way. He did his part, and should be compensated... at least, that could be the logic. A couple of things... We all have different sensitivities here. All our eyes are different. Mayhap, I'm more sensitive to dim light, more distracted, etc. Whatever the case... I've modified many cars I've bought, to allow me to completely turn off all internal back-lighting on all controls. I don't want a light glow on my traditional speedometer. My radio analog controls, door lock button, and other controls to have ANY lighting. It's annoying, distracting, and I don't want it. So considering this, imagine how annoying I find a massive LCD with any backlight . Even the dimmest backlight is many times brighter than a turned down analog backlight on classic style car displays, buttons, knobs, etc. My beef here is threefold. 1) Why on Earth is my speedometer to the right, so I have to turn my head to see it. Why is the speedometer not always there? 2) Why is it on a display that always has glowing light, or I can't see it. NOTE: yes, I can see a traditional car speedometer with only starlight/moonlight. No, I'm not mistaken, yes I can.. so says 32 years of driving. 3) Oh, I wanted to try a Tesla. But where? Where would I do that? Even when they had dealerships, which they've closed most of, there aren't many in my region. There's a whole ball of 'Tesla is still in its silly stage', such as not having anyone within 500km who can fix my car, not being able to buy parts, local dealers not being able to fix them, and the absurdity of thinking roving repair shops can fix a car at -40C, in the middle of an ice-bound street, during snow storms... But beyond that, I actually was in California and thought "Why not make their job easy, I'll test drive one here!" Nope. Sorry. Was flatly told no, as I didn't have California drivers license. I explained several times that I was on vacation, but the mantra was that "I can't buy local, so I can't test drive local." Of course, this isn't germane, but you did poke the whole "just try it" into my face.. so I had to respond. ;P If I was paranoid, I'd say those devices are developed just to get the most paranoid to use them. :P But in truth, I'm not paranoid.. merely a realist. Regardless, I was thinking of buying a Librem, but can you even get one yet? It always says "6 months to delivery". It'd be a nightmare to maintain, as Firefox devs inexplicably and randomly rename config names, sometimes modify their purpose, or just plain remove them. A bit akin to the difference between an engineer amd mechanic? Some sitcoms use laugh/fake audience tracks, and some people hate those too. I think parent should have used 'formal', as there are still different writing styles. Formal, business, intimate, friend, etc. Many do find emoticons inappropriate in some formats... Well... "free" has been used like this for thousands of years. Traders/merchants spouting free this or that, like a car dealer giving free oil changes, or midas with a free inspection. Nothing is free. Ever. What's changed is you personally know this now. Many still fall for this, and there are always more humans to be scammed. Bear in mind, most of humanity can't read. Are not really literate. The UN's definition of literacy, is reading at a grade 6 level. Not how you read in 6th grade, but whatever lets a 6th grader, make it to 7th grade. Can someone read a stop sign, do not enter sign? That's pretty much 'literate'. While street smarts exist, bear in mind how many 'stupids' exist... So yup.. lots of fresh pigeons. Outside of the parent's offensive sexist, and racist 'Karen' statement... I really don't think people have perspective these days. You think this is the era of officious busybodies?! Seriously? It's just that these days, things aren't covered up. Or, are seen more due to the Internet. For example, you think cops are MORE violent now? MORE racist? HELL NO! No, no, no! They're MUCH better than they were. Much. All of that needs to be stopped, of course, there's zero call for it. However in the past, you wouldn't even hear of it. A black man would be beaten to death, and it wouldn't even make the news! Go find an older black gentleman from rural Alabama from the 50s, and ask him some questions. Compare that, and police treatment, to now. So with respect to 'busybodies', I think you need to think back to small town American (and Canada, where I'm from), a mere 50 years ago. Canada is pretty much atheist now, and the US certainly is, compared to back then. And along with all that religious baggage, came the 'holier than thou' lot. Said lot would always work to dominate committees, town councils, you name it. Religious groups would constantly rail on TV series, movies, even newspaper comics like the 'Far Side' would get hate mail, over crazy silly supposed slights. The media was controlled, out of fear of retribution. Oh no, nothing you complain about now even remotely compares to that. And while I say "You literally, clearly, have no idea.".. don't feel bad. Feel lucky you don't. Canadian cities have suburbia, and public transit. Many have buses on main streets, which are typically a 2 or 3 block walk from side streets. Suburbia doesn't mean "have to have a car", it is just many like having cars. This sort of speaks to the prior poster, stating that many here are from big cities. Suburbia isn't low-density. It's only low-density compared to 'downtown'. Try living in actual, real rural areas. Where I live, houses are a mile apart! Yet bizarrely, we have fire stations, police, high speed gigabit internet, and more. And it isn't super expensive either. Note that they have a say in what you do with your land, too. Is it OK for someone to buy the house next door, and build a cafe? What about a night club, which has loud music and closes at 4am? How about a rendering plant? Or installing a large propane storage facility? Is there nothing you'd consider unsafe, unwanted, beside the house you just paid $500k for? Which is now worth $200k, and makes it horrid to live there? These laws, like all laws, are necessary. Where the problem sits, is when they go too far, or not far enough. There is a sweet spot for everything! The problem is, people used to have non-gender, non-racial terms for people. For example, a person might be called an 'asshole' or 'bonehead', and this could be a person of any colour, any sex, age, etc. Yet now, it seems all sorts are labeling people based upon sex, colour, ethnic background, etc. It is, quite literally, the definition of sexual, racial, age discrimination. It is linking "external characteristic" with "way a person acts". I don't care what anyone's political stance is, but if you are using terms like 'Karen', you are 100% contributing to sexism, racism, etc. Just call someone what they are. "Asshole" has worked fine for millennia. I think what you're describing is a lack of public transit, not the impossibility of it. And I'm not 100% sure why 1/2 the space would be parking, this seems like a fairly large exaggeration. More likely lots of the space, was lawn? Space between houses? I've lived in lots of cities where minimum lot size was an acre, which is 200x200ft. Public transit all around, grocery stores all in walking distance (few blocks at most), with loads of corner stores, etc. I think that as I mentioned in another comment, zoning laws are important. Too much? Too little? It becomes broken. But for example, large-scale developers typically can't build here, without dedicating some space to park, to retail, without making an actual community out of the place. And people in most rural areas I've lived, typically aren't bad off for it. This may be a cultural thing, or a historical thing such as, how cities were build, and therefore, how they are now. edit: An added thought here.... when I visited the US, I noticed that a lot of grocery stores were often larger. I've seen some where it's literally a few minutes to walk end to end, when inside. Maybe this is the difference? Most of the grocery stores here are smaller. Maybe we just have smaller grocery stores, but more of them? Unless a 'Karen' can be an elderly aging Asian man, it's sexist, ageish and racist. Here's a few other such terms: https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/List_of_ethnic_slurs A lot of these terms link specific behaviour, to specific ethnic/sex/cultural groups. I guess they're OK too? I find it utterly disgusting, that some people think some things are 'one way'. That racism is OK, but only "one way". Sexism is OK, but only against men. The list goes on. Let's see how long you last, if you see a lazy black person (they exist, like lazy people exist everywhere)... and you spout out "Bluegum!" Is that OK? No? Then why is it OK with 'Karen'? You'd don't cure social ills by creating more of them. "An eye for an eye, leaves the whole world blind." is highly accurate, I think. https://www.dictionary.com/e/slang/karen/ https://www.urbandictionary.com/define.php?term=Karen Maybe you're seen this. I haven't, and many people seem to have the specific definitions listed above. This seems wrong to me. I very purposefully position my monitor so that my main console window is viewed, with my head level. It is also horizontally centred on the mid-left of that console. This is because most text, eg bash work, vi of files or code, rests there. In this way, my head is not tilted down, or eyes tilted down constantly. My head is mostly centred, and looking straight ahead. I find that elsewise, my body follows the constant downward look, either slouching or the neck bent forwards. Why do you belief your monitor should be positioned, so you are looking downward constantly? For me, constantly looking downward causes neck strain. Hence the top of the monitor being at eye level, is problematic. I think the best scenario is most-often level. I wonder, I grew up before laptops and smartphones. These often result is down-gazing a lot. Hmm. Amazon does not care, and various reports have shown them actively suggesting it at times. All Amazon cares about is sales. Nothing else. What a weird assertion, when you link to an article that asserts something entirely different. The above NPR, states that a Karen is a new label, started in the 2010s (which is just last year, even). It also shows how the Karen label is different from other, prior labels. It delineates how a Becky is different, a "Miss Ann" is different. We've historically had labels like this for people, which are racially linked. But this is 2020, this is a NEW label, and other NEW labels keep popping up. We need to collectively STOP this. No more racist, sexist, ageist, anything-ist labels. It's all wrong. (Not saying you were defending label use... just clarifying my position) Unless.... They are sending these seeds to many people in the US, aka PRC supporters. Or even those pressured to do their work. And they simply got the address wrong, a few times out of thousands. Invasive species can destroy an economy. Devastate it. I'm not saying the PRC is doing this, but if I was trying to harm the US.. I'd do all sorts of evil things like this. https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/List_of_ethnic_slurs Slurs are not new. And as I mentioned, what you showed were not Karens, but 'white women who act poorly in certain ways'. "Kaben" has unique connotations, a specific meaning. While I agree that "white women have had slurs" before 'Karen', I'm going to have to disagree that it's germane here. The real problem is, people are deploying dozens of different coding languages, any technology that whimsically passes by, and replacing simple, streamlined monolith technology with 100 micro services. All of this is endlessly pushed by AWS, Google, Docker, and anyone else with a foot in the "Snag as much cash from DEVs" crowd. Other old timers will explain how they ran thousands of hits/second on 6 or 7 bare metal servers, 15 years ago, without CDNs, using LAMP, ajax/js frontends, and more. The key was code optimization, SQL queries without inane and poorly written MVC SQL logic, and the list goes on. I am relentlessly gobsmacked at how people are spending quite literally 100 to 1000 times the cash to host on AWS, using microservices. And often amused how new devs just can't get it through their head, that yes, this is 100% factually true. Docker replaced something that was already done ; identical PROD and DEV environments. All DEVs I had working with me, were issued VMs with 100% replicated PROD. VMs auto-build using debootstrap + SVN checkout. Rollbacks in prod? Handled by SVN rollbacks. When I look at the insane complexity being displayed by containers on top of VMs on top of baremetal, the MASSIVE loss in performance (yup, it's there.. especially for IO)... I just don't get it. Many DEVs have all been sold a pack of complete and total lies. I get called in again, and again by clients to reduce cost, optimize resource usage. I literally bring 1000x performance boosts to the SQL layer with minimal improvements. Anyhow. Yes, this was a rant. Sorry it's a reply to you specifically. Yes, but... Now one worries, is this itself a test? Are they judging my desire to donate. No, they're watching to see if you're worried about whether they're watching to see if you're engaged in hollow virtue-signalling. :P If by "getting used to it", you mean "experiencing the horror", than sure. I tried it, twice. In both cases, produce was picked by either someone that didn't care, or didn't know how to tell if some food (mellons) were ripe. Even if only poor produce was available, well, I'd have seen, and just not bought it. I received substitutions too, and without permission. Meat was sent with very soon expiry dates. I'd never snag that in person. Same for bread. Online grocery is a no go for me. My local grocer is 10 minutes away, in store time is maybe 20 minutes, including checkout. I get what I want, how I want it, and save money by not having unusable stuff delivered to me. Food isn't like a TV. One orange is not the same as a other. Even bananas... I prefer them almost green, a friend I know, almost rotten. I think my point was, your experiences aren't universal. Yet you're still basing your determination upon yours. Take what you will from mine, but even aside from my two bad experiences, I can't imagine how one gets precisely what they want, via online. I like to tap my melons, touch my tomatoes, and why does this sound like a porno now? :P Anyhow. I think you get my point, my view. I've got yours, eg, you don't care about a personal pick. So the real question is, how many really, really prefer to pick precisely what they want? Obviously for a box of corn flakes, it probably matters little. Sorry for the late reply. Been Saturday busy... I think what you're missing here, is a bit of tongue in cheek. I, too, did not present my case as universal, yet you took effort to point out it wasn't. Tit for tat, and all that... That said! I think you have it a bit reversed here. At least, what I read as you (paraphrased) said is "Do you think people wanting to check product, will shift an industry?" Yet, that question is a bit flawed, as I see it. This is because the industry isn't shifting because a person might want to check a tomato. It's failing to shift. The inertia, the default "People who want to check produce, have always bought in the store." and "Further back, people could only buy in the store." Now, you seem to be under the belief that everyone is buying online. Using home delivery. Not going to the grocery store. Yet when I go to the grocery store? When I visit? You know what I see? People! Lots of people! Take me, for example. I received poor service, and as a result, have not used online grocery shopping. I've gone to the grocery store weekly, as I did prior to COVID. So from where I sit, the industry isn't shifting in my case, it never changed . And from the numbers I see at my grocery store, this seems to be common. And this is because I've always cared. I cared before COVID. I care now. I'll care after. I think you're literally dismissing my experiences as if yours are the universal! Or, if not, as if yours are "clearly what is happening in most cases". Yet I disagree here. Let me put this forward. How many grandparents shop online? I'm not talking about in Palo Alto, but all over the US and Canada? And to answer that, let me mention something. Grocery stores have always offered home delivery, for a small fee. Why did most people not avail themselves of that? Why do you believe online shopping, is so different from phone shopping? Or fax shopping? Both of which always existed. Anyhow. I have a feeling we're not going to agree at all here. This could be a chicken and egg problem, too. Banks lend on statistics, just as insurance companies have rates based upon the same. And insurance companies, for the most part, can assign rates based upon average accident rates, for identifiable traits. Like one's sex. Or where they live (a common way to get statistics without 'race/colour'). So what do I mean by the chicken and the egg, here? Well, imagine that black landowners go bankrupt more often. And sadly, this could be because black landowners go bankrupt more often! If a specific statistical classification indicates more bankruptcy, then it becomes true. For example, bank $a is bold enough to lend to someone whom they view as, statistically, more likely to fail. Then.. a few years later? That person needs a fiscal injection. Were that person not black, it would be easier to get funding at a time of need. However, since that person is? Well, then they get more denials, go bankrupt, and add to the proof that "statistically, more black people go bankrupt". Or as the banks are likely doing it, "the area where people live in". In other words, unless you can make EVERYONE, 100% not deny based upon an statistical models? Race/gender/sexual orientation/sex/where they live, etc, etc? Anyone, like bank $a lending outside of those models, will be lending to people less able to find additional assistance when/if the time comes. Chicken and egg. It's not right, but I view this a little bit like certain regulations, where corporations can't compete against other corporations which 'cut corners', so we have to mandate all corps behave in a certain manner to level the playing field. From the article: Mines in the US and Canada were considered a “good” prospect if they could yield ore with 0.03% uranium. At Shinkolobwe, ores typically yielded 65% uranium. The waste pile of rock deemed too poor quality to bother processing, known as tailings, contained 20% uranium. I'm in Canada, and we have all varieties of this. The 'metal divider, self bag' is a discount / bulk store I go to. Old-style 'casher + bagger' is another. And I've gone to stores with self-checkout, both with and without scales in them. Seems quite varied here, with of course that variance mostly along franchise lines... I think the more you must guard your words, the things you say, watch how you act, and the more you grow up with this as a child? The more restrictive your thoughts may be as an adult. The less 'free wheeling', and therefore, more locked into tight, controlled paths. Further to that, even if the above is not significantly true, there is still the entire "does the work I want to do, the research, threaten PRC dogma in any way?" And worse... "Will the work I do, threaten PRC dogma in the future ." On top of all of that, a reduction of international collaboration with others in the field, and so on. Of course, I could be entirely wrong. But I do think that "restrictive environment" leads to "less creative output", at least in visible output. [flagged] There is nothing wrong with being culturalist, to be so is absolutely not racist. A black, white, etc orphan child raised in communist China, would grow up in the same culture, with the same beliefs. Those that decry 'racist', when one complains about China are indeed the true racists, for they think culture and race = the same thing. Yes, I know why you posted this, I stated as much. You may note that I added "(I assume)", and then asked "Why else". If people flagging your post as off topic, when it isn't, want to respond? Well, they can. In terms of poisoning? Please. Have you looked at the rest of this discussion? From my side of things, I prefer to keep things non-political. To simply state technical fact, and info. Yet when I see a significant divergence from that behaviour, a response is required. Pushing instead of pulling the pen, at least that seems part of it in my case. I've seen people write 'top down', but... Regardless, 'how people write' has typically been designed by righties. Fascists. Oh how they mock us. I've always believed that the pants are almost meaningless, it's the shirts that need to be different daily. So I used to have 8 pairs of pants, 2 colours total. Black and beige. Then, once a year, I'd go buy 2 more pairs of each colour. On a 'bad' year, I'd buy 4 pairs. EG, I'd rotate the worn out, always only having 8 pairs. This persisted until, 20 years later, the company that sold them went bankrupt. As my gut and ass had literally grown to into the form / shape of these pants, drooping and expanding to perfectly fill these specific pants, no other pants I tried seemed even remotely comfortable. Or to even fit well! So I tried to find the company that made them... note, this was very early internet, and I had to go old-school. Finally called the trustees handling the bankruptcy, eventually found out where the pants were made, called them, and? It was in Mexico, and they made custom for a variety of retailers. And none were left, no matter how I begged. Two things: 1) Don't wear the same pants for 20-30 years, while you gain your middle-age gut and ass. Just don't. 2) Always have a pants fallback plan. I'm not sure he even said that . When I look at the medium article, I see this: And when you have [posts] encrypted, there is no way to know what it is. I personally believe government should not allow those types of lies or fraud or child pornography [to be hidden with encryption like WhatsApp or Facebook Messenger]. Note the []? Was this added in by Medium? Gates as an edit after a read-and-OK-to-release? Did Gates have editorial input? Regardless, I believe [] means 'edited afterwards for clarity'. But by whom? I Googled, and found this: https://wccftech.com/bill-gates-hate-encryption/ Yet in this case, there was no hatred of encryption, but picked quotes where he suggested that in one case, if you have the means, the government should be aided .. eg, a murderer. There was another article on hackernews, where many lamented how much the media just spins, takes quotes out of context, basically does whatever it wants to. I wonder, how much of this are we seeing here? (Note, Gates could very much be for back-doored encryption, but my point is, I don't think it's a clear position due to this medium article.. where that stances was in [] and added by someone after...) Use 'verbatim'. It's a drop down option, and it isn't as good as the old + or other operators (deprecated because of Google Plus). For example, with verbatim you can't only + one single thing in a search. Regardless, I basically just always search with verbatim on. Google is mostly useless otherwise. Olli for Prez! So when it is 21C outside, and 24+C inside is close enough. Two analog temp switches will be far more reliable, easier, and adjustable. (I get the fun with an Arduino, but it is hard to beat century old tech) Eh? I run into FBA all the time on .ca. It is rarer than on .com, I agree there, but barely exists seems inaccurate. What does annoy, are all the reshippers which charge sometimes even 10x more for a product. 4x the price is typical. All they do is list a product on .ca, from .com, and wait for an order. Then they buy from .com, receive amd reship. Amazon just seems so shady. Sneaky. As if their entire platform is geared to allow others to deceive. I think you are missing the key point here. This is wan-to, clearly.... https://en.m.wikipedia.org/wiki/The_World_at_the_End_of_Time An example of something I checked, before ordering from .com: https://www.amazon.com/gp/product/B07ZZ3W2H8/ versus: https://www.amazon.ca/gp/product/B07ZZ3W2H8/ I've occasionally seen such listings at 10x, but commonly 2x-3x is common (as with this listing, after exchange). You also lose all 'shipped by Amazon' protections, and if the listing at .ca was FBA, you'd have free shipping in .ca. (As a note for .com / US users, Prime membership on .ca does not give any discount when shipping to Canada from .com, as Prime membership is restricted to the .XX property which you buy it on. EG, .ca in my case. Nor does buying a .com prime membership help, for that only gives speed/discounts/free shipping for US addresses. When I travel to the US for the winter, I basically have to axe my .ca prime membership, and buy a .com membership. So as a result, I don't buy yearly memberships. And when I travel to/from, I cancel .ca early, and .com early, upon return. It's not like I order a lot of stuff 3 days before leaving, or while traveling, or the second I arrive. A result of all this is that Amazon loses out on sometimes 4 months of Prime membership, which they would have if it just worked everywhere. One thing, Yahoo and IBM had remote, then one day that perm remote became a nope. Some people are very poor at remote. If too many are thus, it may end. Yes, but... This does nothing to protect against a bad cron job script. The web frontend, and even backend, are not linked to background maintenance tasks. And a field in a DB doesn't prevent a manual DB delete, or api call to a backing store. The real problem here, was a lack of backup testing / restore testing. If you have backups, you MUST manually verify they can be restored, in a desired state. And this means restores MUST be tested every time code changes happen, which effect backups. True, but there are a lot of cheap pulse->tone adapters for just this purpose. Does it matter whether the line card, or you, handles the pulse? Bring back the joy, revel in your antiquties, buy one! I wish could get an overall rational argument FOR UBI, so I could at least debate it. From what I see, it's madness. The economics make zero sense. For example ; Canada. The Federal Government. (All of this speaks of the Federal Government). https://www.canada.ca/en/department-finance/services/publica... 2019 Federal Revenue? $312B. That's from taxes, income from oil, any and all Federal revenue. Now. UBI. Universal Basic Income. That means everyone over 17 gets it , as an example. That also means it must cover the basics. That you can live on it. That's the whole point of UBI, and being "free to choose career paths", and all that other blather. That, to me, means $2k/month. Maybe that will scale, up AND down, depending upon where you live. But let's just go with $2k/month. Or $24k/year. Stats Canada says, out of almost 40M Canadians, around 30M are 18 and older. What's $24k 30M? 720B. So.. the entire Federal Revenue is less than 1/2 of what UBI might cost. Now bear in mind, that there was a deficit* in Canada, about $20B. And there is currently a debt in Canada, of about 1.1T. The GoC will say it's less, 800B, but that's if they 'use assets of 300B and deduct that from actual debt", which is meaningless, because interest on debt is on 1.1T. Right now, 8% of Federal Revenue pays just the interest on that debt. If interest rates go up, say in a year or two.. so goes up that payment. My point is that one year of UBI, would almost DOUBLE the ENTIRE FEDERAL DEBT. A Federal Debt that arose after decades, not one year. If you half UBI? Now it's not basic income, it's just a supplement. And you absolutely, positively can't get that money from taxes. About 25% of people's income is taxed (yes, that's an average), that's gas tax, income tax, federal sales tax, tax on alcohol, and other such things. My point here is, you can't just double the tax. And, the above Federal Revenue? There is a pie chart, just under 50% of Federal Revenue came from personal tax. You could increase taxes on business, but are you going to tax 100% of their profit? Because that still won't cover it. Let's tax the rich you say! Well, most money is invested. For example: https://financialpost.com/executive/posthaste-canadas-3-mill... Note, that's ONLY 8.7 trillion. UBI is 720B for one year . And, what are you going to do? Seize people's real estate? Then what? Sell it again? To whom? Certainly not the people you just seized it from. Are you going to tax ... what? Because, "wealth" is real estate, stocks, companies one owns, land, more. Are you going to seize stocks? Then what? Hold on to them? How does that fund UBI? Are you going to seize companies? Great! Now that software company, valued at 100B, is worth $1, because the original owners are out, and they were the magic, and a government isn't going to be able to run something like that. None of the logic behind UBI seems to make sense to me. I can't see where the cash is coming from. This doesn't even include things like inflation, loss of productivity, or 100 other little things that are "just going to work themselves out". For clarity, all of the above is Federal. There are provincial taxes, budgets, etc. SO when I say '25% of people's income is taxed', that's federal tax . It has nothing to do with first-past-the-post. You can have 10 parties, 100 parties, in fact first past the post is designed for more than two parties. If you have people in 5 parties to vote for in your riding(district?), then first past the post is the only way it works easily! Seldom will one of those 5, get 50.1% of the vote! And why would they? The most popular wins, the people have spoken. Yet, empirically, you're 100% wrong. Canada has both Federal, and Provincial FPTP parliaments. On the Provincial level, new parties appear, and are elected , minority or majority, all the time . Constantly. On the Federal level, things move more slowly. Yet new parties are appear , grow in popularity, and replace older parties . Canada is not only a place of multiple parties, it is a place of constant party renewal. And as a Canuck, I am all too familiar with vote splitting. We have party mergers . Parties that split and form new parties. We know all about strategic voting, but because we have the concept of minority governments, and because we don't vote for who our Prime Minister is, the dynamic changes a bit. FPTP isn't what causes two parties only, it is certain methods of government that do, mayhap combined with FPTP. Yet Canada doesn't really have two dominant parties. Neither provincially, nor federally. For example, the Conservative Party of Canada: - formed from a merger between Progressive Conservative Party - and the Canadian Alliance Of which, the "Canadian Alliance" appeared entirely from grass roots. It started with the Reform Party, where the PC party lost all but two seats, but the new "Reform" party obtained significant seats: https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/1997_Canadian_federal_election Which then morphed into the Alliance Party: https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/2000_Canadian_federal_election Which then, after the merger, with what was left of the PCs, formed the minority: https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/2004_Canadian_federal_election And then formed the government: https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/2006_Canadian_federal_election It should be noted that the merger between the older PC party, and the reform/alliance party was with the Alliance party at massive strength, in the House of Commons with a respectable number of seats, and 100% in charge of the future of the merged party. My point here is ; the willingness for people to embrace new parties, new ideas, and vote for people .. not parties, helps with real political renewal in Canada. Further, while some provinces aren't, most are MORE dynamic than the federal level at party change. Take Quebec, which has had new parties appear and then even form governments, in a period of two election cycles. FPTP does NOT mean 2 parties. At all. This is what I often see from UBI supporters though. For example, why is my post too high. I state simply, "here are the number of people over 18" and "here is the amount to pay". You say "Oh, that's too high." What? . Why! Why is it too high. What part of it. It is very, very, very simple math. Instead, you quote an article from Macleans. Yet that article says Ontario's (not Canada's) UBI program suggested at the time , wasn't really UBI! And that on top of that, it was a flawed study! In other words, you linked to an article showing how wrong Ontario was. How does this support the assertion that my costs are too high. The Macleans article even supports my position, because it discusses how 'reverse taxation' and 'excluding people' is not UBI , but instead modified, partial welfare. It's not universal, which is the much of the point of UBI. You say, scrapping other welfare programs. Well, we must look at provincial numbers here, for that is a provincial responsibility. Here is an example of the costs associated with welfare, child support, and more at the provincial level. And this is Ontario, Canada's most populous province: https://www.thestar.com/politics/provincial/2019/04/11/socia... https://www.ontario.ca/page/public-accounts-2018-19-annual-r... (Scroll down to Expense) "Children's and Social services sector" So yup, $17B. What about EI, you say? The savings there? Well, it works as a cash positive. It is paid for by separate EI taxes (paid by employer and employee), has its own fund, and so if you axe EI? You have to remove $21B from the federal revenue from $312B to $291B. And I should note, that EI covers things like retraining, so you'd actually lose some social programs, if you just axed EI, and moved to UBI all by itself. So let's just take Ontario, and try to work out welfare for all the provinces. Here's where it gets a little bit complex. In Canada, we have equalization payments. Part of Federal tax is paid to the 'have not' provinces, which are poorer, and therefore need extra capital to maintain an equal quality of life. This means that some of the federal budget, of that $321B income, is also being used along with provincial funds, to fund things like welfare in some provinces. That means if, say, NewFoundLand pays $x for its welfare budget, maybe even 50% of that revenue might come from the Federal Government. But, let's just be quick and easy about this, and say Ontario has about 40% of Canada's population (15M), and that the "over 18" bit scales. So, 17B x 2.6 = $44B. Of course, the "Children's and Social services sector" isn't just about welfare. For example, EI handles retraining, including some 'back to school' programs. That would vanish if it was just dropped, with a move to UBI. And maybe that's OK! But the point is there, and valid, and means it isn't a perfect change-over. Which means it applies to a generic budget for a huge "Children's and Social services sector" category. But OK. We've reduced the cost of UBI from $720M to a wonderful $676B. You don't remove EI, because if you remove EI, you remove EI tax. The other benefits? Sure, they exist, at least, probably. I think they do, too. Yet.. what does that have to do with paying for it? Understand here, the sheer cost I'm discussing. Please do the math. Please discuss how to pay for it fully . Because things like "stimulus" and "reduced law enforcement costs" are .. what? Going to equal 4x the entire federal budget? You're literally going to switch to UBI, and the Federal Government will see its budget grow 4x? How? OK, read. I still don't see anything but, well, a lot of "this should" and "here's why". Maybe I'm missing something, but where is the for-profit motive for banks to lend, for absolutely no return? Further, where is the pressure to pay back debt, if there is no interest. When not just run up the debt forever? Just use the banks to create more and more cash, forever? And who cares about the effect on other parts of the economy. What bothers me with things like this, is they are all band-aids. And not even thought out, as far as I can tell, with how the rest of the economy is going to have to function. To change. To be modified, to fit the new. I'm OK with change. I don't mind a new system. I see the coming issues with increased automation, agree something will have to be done, but just slapping a patch here and there isn't feasible at times. You have to remodel the whole, to fit the new. All I can see here, is "let's just change this", and "who cares what happens elsewhere". Yet, why would I, as a banker, lend to the government at all? For no profit? And with no ability to force repayment, and no pressure on the government (interest payments) to repay, or even stop borrowing more? This is untrue. It takes the position that any conservative party, is the same party as its predecessor. See here: https://news.ycombinator.com/item?id=24219888 Point #1 -- computers have no place in an election. Or voting. #2? Canadian parties do this all of the time. We have parties from coalitions, and then form the government. Why does someone need a magic number of 50.1% to be valid? Why is that "the number"? Because it's more than 1/2? You're thinking "two parties". If you're worried about "most people's support", then why isn't the number 80%? 99%? 100%? Why does '50.1%' make it 'OK' and less 'not'? I don't get this arbitrary fixation on "but, that guy didn't get 50.1% of the vote!!". So? Let's say there are 5 parties. One gets 40% of the vote. Yet if each party had equal votes, that would be 20% each. The party with 40% of the vote, received 2x the votes compared to the number of parties. Is that OK? Why not? I don't get what's wrong with a number less than 50%. I don't get why anything above 50% is fine. Let's say you have 10 people, and 4 plans. Plans to defend the city from invasion. Each plan has its merits. You ask people to vote. 2 abstain. The next 2 receive two votes each. The last receives 4 votes. 4/10 is less than 50%, yes? Yet, clearly it is the most popular. Must the 2 abstainers vote? Must those that don't agree, be forced to vote for a plan they don't agree with? How is this undemocratic? Were the people's voices heard? Was the most popular plan voted on? I literally don't get it, or understand the issue. "You're definitely missing something, because private lenders are perfectly free to charge interest. ZIRP applies only to federal debt." As I understand it, the Canadian Federal debt is held through a variety of instruments, quite a lot of it domestically. EG, Royal Bank, TD Bank, etc. Whether it is bonds, or some other instrument, they all pay interest. That debt exists, is owed, and yet you're saying "Just don't pay that interest"? I don't think that's what you mean. I think you're being somewhat terse in your responses here. For example, maybe you mean "As time passes, and new debt replaces the old". Or, "Stop issuing debit in way $x, and instead, do it in way $y". Yet the GoC surely does not pay interest for zero reason, or cause. Clearly, there is some reason for using these instruments, such as, getting lenders to ... lend. If you are advocating an entire policy shift, with massive ramifications to the overall method in which the GoC raises, and treats debt ; OK.. fine. Yet entire economic model shifts aren't easily conveyed by the terseness I'm seeing here. And the articles you are pointing to, aren't really helpful, nor describe precisely what shift-in-thought you're referring to. srveale, the ENTIRE point of UBI, is: - universal - basic Basic costs met. Paid to EVERYONE. Part of the "cost saving measures" are "not using complex schemes to determine eligibility to programs". Further, if all you're wanting to do is guarantee a minimum income, that's not UBI! Not even remotely! It's simply a form of welfare, and shifting taxation under the guise of UBI. Further, the whole concept of "I'm on EI, or I'm on welfare, but if I start working my income will drop, so what's the point" is another core concept of UBI. When you start whittling away at these core concepts, when you bring back in the 'should this person get it' judgement and work to evaluate, prosecute if fraudulent, side of things? When you bring back in "Your income drops if you have other income" side of things? You're just invaliding the entire point of it all. It's not UBI. So when people discuss UBI, please don't start talking about something entirely non-UBI. Dude, I get the joke, but an Internet trained bit of code, like GPT-3, isn't what you want writing text files all over your drive. You'd probably end up on 43 watch lists, and thrown in jail for having time travel child porn, featuring Katie Sagel and Trump in the 60s. http://fishporn.ca Just saw this. Thanks for clarity/responding on your point. Two things. First? Interest also represents the reduction in value of the currency unit, over a period of time. I keep a few thousand hidden around the house. In case of need. Yet, each year... even with 4%, 2%, whatever inflation, that $3000 is worth less. It has less value. Interest exists for three reasons. Risk, as you talk about above, but also as profit for being nice enough to lend capital, and lastly to combat inflation. Why would people park their money, and lose both value in that money due to inflationary pressures, AND, make 0% on that capital when they could literally park it many other places and make even double digits? It seems odd to me, that you completely ignore the for-profit motive in money lending, and the inflation issues in lending. As if they simply do not exist. Even in down markets, historical a wise lender (like a massive bank, which tends to lend to a federal level goverment) makes more by parking that capital elsewhere. In terms of the Canadian Government paying 'high interest rates', I merely stated that it pays 'market interest rates'.