This is a preview of the future without oil. The North Koreans lost all their oil subsidies from the Soviets in the early 90s. That's why they had the famines in the 90s, nobody drives cars and why there are no tractors. Scala is actually a better Ruby. All the messy fun stuff that we all love with Ruby like duck typing and monkey patching can be done easily with Scala, except it's all statically typed so it keeps the whole mess under control. For instance, you can have a duck type as a function argument that's contract is it implements a particular method signature. In Ruby there is no type type enforcement so you can get runtime errors when you pass in an object that doesn't have the right method, while in Scala the compiler catches it. You can monkey patch by doing implicit conversions in Scala to a rich type, allowing one to add methods to the Integer class, for example, but if you have to libraries that do the same monkey patch Scala will alert you to ambiguous situations. In Ruby this depends on load order and can cause all kinds of screwy bugs. When I get a compiler error in Scala it's almost always something that would cause a runtime error in a non statically typed language. The downside is that the error messages can be difficult to parse and resolve for beginners. Once I got over the learning curve, I realized that in almost all cases the compiler was trying to tell me something very useful. I do get a little annoyed at all the Haskell/OCaml type nerds trying to do things with the type system that are not particularly practical, for instance: http://apocalisp.wordpress.com/2010/06/16/type-level-program... Some micro pc that can run DD-WRT would probably be ideal. Here's a much better article on alcohol: http://www.bodybuilding.com/fun/par7.htm There are much healthier, perfectly legal, and arguably more fun ways to alter one's neurochemistry than alcohol. If I told you all how to do it though, then dumb kids would take it way too far, the moral panic would ensue, things would get banned for no good reason, and I'd have to go back to drinking alcohol. I worked with an Indian guy for a few years. He said that in India it is extremely unusual for a person to not follow an extremely rigid career track. It's the legacy of the cast system pigeonholing people into various professions. In the caste system, your identity very narrowly dictates your job. In the west, job and identity are far more distinct. >“The problem is, over and over again, that many very creative young people, who have demonstrated their creativity, can't figure out what the system wants of them—which hoops should they jump through? I think that's the main problem. The system doesn't know what it wants. Why anyone would stay at a job like that is beyond me. 12 hour days 7 days a week? That's just stupid. Much rather program mind-numbingly boring business apps and go home at 5. No doubt they'll add some special extension that uses perl for the drawing commands just so -- you know -- nothing but Ie9 can parse it. I picture a hashed biometric identifier that goes in the bottom 64 bits of your ipv6 address, every time you do anything online with any conceivable connected device. Looked at that collection. I've read a lot of Austrian stuff and I'd say that Hayek's elaboration of the trade cycle and the dynamics of international currencies are the two greatest works of Austrian Economics. They are not the basics by any means though and are pretty tough going, as hard as reading books on compiler design. http://mises.org/books/monetarynationalism.pdf http://mises.org/books/pricesproduction.pdf Good point. I think the French are the only ones that develop any decent pharmaceuticals outside the U.S. One of the most successful French pharmaceuticals is Tianeptine. http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Tianeptine It's sort of a French Prozac but with a number of unique benefits that Prozac doesn't have. It's approved in several European countries but NOT in the U.K, and is only available in the U.S on the imported pharmaceutical grey market. Once it goes out of patent, and if it has not been approved for use in the U.S, it will NEVER be approved, ever, for any use in the U.S. That's because nobody would pay the 100s of millions of dollars to approve a drug that a competitor can produce as a generic. I tried to beat the market using all kinds of AI stuff off and on for a number of years. Learned a lot about AI techniques, and became a better programmer, which helped in my day job, but never got anywhere. It's a fool's game. Besides, most of these HFT systems hold positions for only a few minutes or less. There's no way someone without a huge account, to cover commissions from trading so much, and access to a lot of expensive real-time data streams could possibly make any headway at it. Not to say there aren't people who do make money at trading, but they are swing traders and/or people who've figured something out about the market that the market doesn't know yet, and thus has not revealed at all in the price movements of the stock. Since price movements are the primary input into a lot of trading algorithms, most trading algorithms are blind to these developments. Well what if you could give your self a brain upgrade via gene therapy? What's so bad about that? I guess many would be upset as it would go against our ideology here in America that frowns on any suggestion that intelligence has innate components. He's solved the traveling salesman problem in Log(n) time. I think this article is a great demonstration of Poe's Law. The ascent of foursquare is a big win for Scala and Lift too, given that it's probably the most high profile Lift/Scala project out there. You can put it right next to your Apple Pippin. To do real science you need a hypothesis, a control and an experiment. Finding correlations in historical datasets after the fact is not really science. It's good for formulating hypothesis but it's not science, at least as described by Francis Bacon or Karl Popper. Good science provides falsifiable predictions, more dubious things that are called "science" merely provide scientific sounding explanations for natural phenomenon. If we constructed the laws of physics merely by observing the planets we could have concluded that a mass rotated around an axis will move in epicycles, which is how the pre-Copernican astronomers explained the movements of Mars. Astronomy is merely the application of experimentally determined physics here on earth to the movement of celestial bodies. I thought the 70s were all about global cooling? http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Global_cooling The only thing that affects how much weight you gain or lose over a period of time is calorie consumption, your height, age and weight, and to a lesser extent, your activity level. Here's everything you need to know: http://www.fourmilab.ch/hackdiet/www/hackdiet.html Literally, that's it. Read the hacker diet and you won't need to listen to or read another thing about dieting for the rest of your life. When I was doing remote software consulting I would literally get up at 7pm, go out clubbing. Not drink, come home at 1 or 2 am and code till about 9am and then talk to clients for a few hours and then go to sleep. It was totally k-rad awesome. I find that if I work regular hours after work I can't enjoy myself because I am totally burnt out from the work day and just want to go sleep. Doing the most stressful act of the day, talking with clients, right before I went to sleep was perfect. I read a bit of the history of PayPal. It seems like they spent an enormous amount of time dealing with fraud and security issues. One important thing to realize is that in a credit bubble the price of things like houses, college education, etc increase even as the supply rapidly increases. This is because there is more and more credit available to pay for them from the same constant income stream of the consumer. This increase in credit is caused by the lowering of lending standards and interest rates. This credit is payed for by a continuous stream of income. Once the stream of income is fully tapped and debt service becomes around 30% of income, credit can no longer grow and a deflationary cycle gets going where the prices of those goods that were inflated by credit revert to the prices that they would have commanded had the supply of those goods (housing,education,etc) just been increasing and not the money supply. The "deflation" is the business infrastructure built around constant expansion of debt collapsing. In the end it is healthy as the economy was unreasonably warped towards over-production of credit secured assets. This warping is what has led to the current underconsumption of house-poor and student-loan poor individuals who are unable to spend because they sold their productive years, in the form of debt payments, to the dream of making it rich by overpaying for credit inflated goods. WHEN DOES THIS END? This ends when we reach the end of the K-Wave and prices come back down to levels where the cap rate on renting a house competes well with risky bonds. Even then, you've got the whole multitude of debt laden consumers who need to default on everything so they can have some spending money again. Unfortunately they are not yet out of the woods as higher taxation by our government, in order to pay its debts, is still an on-going problem that will overhang the economy until the massive bulge of government pensioners of the baby boomer era start to die-off and we end the Iraq/Afghanistan wars. Yeah, when you're using Open Office you can always ask the person your sending the spreadsheet to to download OpenOffice to read it. Especially if they are someone you're paying money to, like a consultant or an outside firm. It's free after all. The idea is that the multi-nationals can sell stuff to third worlders at near cost to build market share or comply with price controls and mark up 500% in another country to take advantage of subsidies, medicare reimbursements, perceived brand "value", or on-the-sly price collusion with other vendors and no screwy small fry grey market traders can get in the way of their "marketing policies". We have so much innovation and technological advancement that there's now quite a lot of energy put into controlling the dissemination of technology. For instance, look at how much effort our government spends controlling the dissemination of 70 year old nuke technology to countries like Iran. I have an alternative theory that people want to vent their anxiety over the crappy economy, Obama not living up to their expectations, etc. but can't. The media only gives them the iphone antenna thing or ,a few months back, the Toyota acceleration non-issue as places to focus their anger on. I am a Java developer in my day to day work but I'll give a few reasons: 1. The memory footprint of the JVM is significantly larger for a similar app vs. PHP. Also, it requires a lot of tricky JVM option tweaking to get it to work in anything less than about 512mb. 2. The build environment is really heavy weight and complicated. Maven seemed crazy at first though working with it for a while finally got me used to it. It's still crazy complicated compared to rails/python. 3. Lack of code reloading when you hit refresh. JavaRebel fixes this, for a price. 4. Java code is really verbose. You have to become an expert at a lot of IDE features before you can get decent productivity. You absolutely cannot use a simple text editor or anything less than one of the big 3 IDEs (Eclipse, Net Beans, Intellij) and get anywhere. The future is bright though for the JVM. I have started to work more with Scala/Lift lately and I am really blown away at how fast and powerful it is compared to traditional Java development. There are a number of companies that provide support for PostgreSQL. Enterprise DB is probably the most prominent of them. Kind of funny that they didn't have a good technical reason not to use PostgreSQL, just that the community was smaller. Postgres 9, with streaming replication and easy to setup bullet proof read only slave replication will probably move momentum in the direction of PostgreSQL. The replication was always easier to setup on MySQL, which gave it an advantage. The replication is reliable, it's just that with the 8.0 releases, it's an add-on and not obvious to setup (e.g with Slony have to do special procedures to properly replicate DDL changes, it required having triggers on replicated tables, etc). In 9.0 replication is built in, transparent, and trivial to setup. "Actual inflation = A + B * (output gap) + Expected inflation" Typical economic equation with a whole bunch of poorly defined fudge variables that can fit absolutely any data set and is completely lacking in falsifiability. "But here’s the thing: the inflation-adjusted Phillips curve predicts not just deflation, but accelerating deflation in the face of a really prolonged economic slump." Ah.. But what causes a prolonged economic slump? Deflation.. and what causes an end to the economic slump, inflation. So what causes inflation and deflation? Consumer Psychology? Animal Spirits? High Interest Rates? Low Interest Rates? Equations where you can plug in the right numbers and get the results that match the historical data set? Ok Krugman, stop pussy footing around. You want us to blow out the deficit just like Japan did and have the government spend trillions on infrastructure and the fed to keep interest rates at zero forever. What this will do is make sure that the economy stays in deflation until the entire generation that is mired in debt up to their eyeballs and lives paycheck to paycheck goes broke, or in the case of student loans, dies. See you on the other side of the Kondratieff wave in about 20 years pal. I know you'll take all the credit for it. I think rail doesn't get anywhere in the U.S because it makes it to easy for "undesirable elements" to get to places they're not wanted too easily. I think that's the incredibly sad but honest truth of it all. The class differences in the United States are far more extreme than most people realize, mostly because people stay inside their tight little class bubbles all day long in their private cars, driving to work and back and rarely venturing out to get a latte every once in a while. I think the main enabler of political corruption is politicians aren't paid enough. In the U.S, they oversee trillion dollar budgets yet are paid less than $100,000. It's a recipe for corruption. Politicians in Singapore pay themselves a few million dollars annually and Transparency international rates Singapore as the 3rd least corrupt country in the world. The important stuff in the U.S is controlled by creating false dichotomies between different alternatives that both assume a uniform underlying reality and are different in practically meaningless ways. Anything that's different from these false alternatives is assumed to be one of the false alternatives, will be viewed as kook material or will take several hours to explain. There is also plenty of genuine kook material mixed in to all of this that makes it hard to separate the wheat from the chaff. The only thing that can really knock the average American out of this is long term exposure to alternatives that exist in other cultures. Ever notice how people who are well traveled often have a more nuanced understanding of most contemporary topics? Orwell was just predicting what the future would be like if Stalinism took over the world in 1984. He had plenty of experience with it while fighting in the Spanish Civil War on the side of the anarchists POUM and often in conflict with the Stalinist backed factions. The government of North Korea was founded by Kim Il Sung who was hand picked by Stalin to run the country, so it's only natural that they would try to implement the model Orwell was talking about. I use emacs for most of my text editing. I hate using vim because I find all the mode switching to be really annoying. I like how keys always mean one thing in emacs, even if it results in the occasional bit of emacs pinky. Here's a fourth : Blimps. Bioethics attracts all the weirdos who want to propose really off the wall crazy crap, like drugging the water supply, and call it "ethics". Let's take a look at the Table of Contents of the Journal of Bioethics shall we ( http://www.bioethics.net/journal/ ) * Should Human Beings Have Sex? Sexual Dimorphism and Human Enhancement * The Risks of “Sexual Normalcy” * Humans Should Be Free of All Biological Limitations Including Sex * Response to Open Peer Commentaries on “Human Dignity and Transhumanism: Do Anthro-Technological Devices [nonbiological entities introduced into or attached to the human body] Have Moral Status?” The whole discipline of bioethics is basically about trolling... or they're serious :/. Anytime anybody brings up fluoride somebody else brings up Dr. StrangeLove, it might as well be a knock knock joke. I wish people would actually look into the science. People thought DDT was unquestionably great too. The "Greatest Generation" who guaranteed themselves the "Greatest Retirement" package. In the fairy tale, all the goods and services they consume will come from the magic money tree that the government fertilized somewhere with all the money they paid into social security. Back in reality land, a smaller population of heavily taxed and badly paid members of the Gen X and Gen Y cohort will have to change grandma's bed pan and they better be damned productive given how long everyone's living. I think the analyze emotions thing might work. Everyone with a facebook/twitter profile will have a little floating icon above their head in augmented reality world though. I find Indeed.com to be a fairly objective indicator as to the job market for a particular language: http://www.indeed.com/jobtrends?q=scala+developer,+clojure+d... This guy should move to Russia. http://www.telegraph.co.uk/news/worldnews/europe/russia/2470... I am really curious to see what happens in 10 years when the baby boomers start to die. The younger gen Y has been so throughly infantilized by their parents that we're going to be this "Home Alone" nation without any adult supervision. Gen X will have to step up to a very unfamiliar leadership position. Oh you think geek culture jumped the shark? Wait till the Facebook movie comes out. Fake. http://www.snopes.com/inboxer/hoaxes/computer.asp The fundamental goal of capitalism, at least American capitalism, is to increase the amount of passive income generated by business activity. The functional representation of this is that lenders share of economic activity increases and the borrowers share decreases, and you are all borrowers because you pay taxes and the government pays enormous interest on its debts. In fact, the only people who are not borrowers to some extent are those who live off tax free government bonds. Cold turkey is a damned hard way to give up caffeine. I find slowly dolling out powdered caffeinated drink mix to myself in water at smaller and smaller doses to work better. How much money have they lost on MSN? http://www.informationweek.com/blog/main/archives/2007/10/ho... Microsoft has $36 billion in cash. They could loose 1/2 billion on Windows Phone 7 for 72 year and still not run out of cash. That's why they could buy a company (Danger), have a ton of developers work for quite a long time on Kin and then throw the whole project away and shrug it off. Patents are good for protecting inventions that require a large amount of capital investment to bring to production. Fashion and food were traditionally not protected by patents because to make a cake or a dress, one only needed an oven or a sowing machine. On the other hand, complicated manufactured goods needed patent protection because the factories needed to produce them would cost millions to build, and a small inventor could never raise the money without patent protection. In the age of computing, the cost of the equipment to create software is negligible, so it's far more optimal to not grant patent protection. Yeah that "build a product" bit always seems to get missed. I have heard many different non-technical start-up want-to-bes blow that off like that was the easy part and they could just get anybody to do it for them for cheap. I think Oracle is oriented toward selling to businesses that use technology the way tech startups use office furniture. We don't want to take apart our office furniture and make it work more efficiently, or modify it and resell it to other businesses as part of a breakthrough interior decorating package. We want to sit on it and put our laptops on it and use it to get the other "real" work done. So if you're in the road construction business and you need a HR system or a procurement system or whatever, you call some pricey consultants who call Oracle and you tell your accounting people to explain the problem and ask them how much its going to cost and you tell your IT department and accounting to spec it and do it and you fire them if it's not all done in six months and go back to your real work which is managing your highway building project out in Tallahassee. Sometimes you can find concurrency bugs by reading logs during concurrent execution, along with a lot of sanity checks that throw exceptions when things go wrong. You can also just look really hard at the code and simulate in your head what might go wrong. IMHO, the hardest bugs are the ones where you have too much data and/or running through the test case takes a very long amount of time. Usually the best way to chip away at these is to try and speed up the test phase by mocking things or to just do a good old stare at the code until the bug shows up. It's a cut once, measure twice approach except with time. You can either run the test again, or you can stare at the code for twice as long and not have the run the test multiple times. What you really want is to have a very common name. I think what's really going on is now that there is such an enormous amount of slack in the system we have to find new ways to self-actualize. For instance, because of all the cheap labor in China, manufacturing is now turning into an esoteric geek hobby in the U.S with Maker Faire, etc. I see Unemployed people on food stamps spending thousands of hours of their life in WOW and Farmville pretending they have a job because the real economy doesn't need them. Maybe I'm too cynical.. Any idealists want to cheer me up? You know what gives dollars, otherwise known as federal reserve notes, their value? It's that they are the only medium of exchange that can be used to settle tax liabilities. "Completely coincidentally, I'm sure, he has also taken significant payments from Phillip Morris and other tobacco corporate interests." Did you just make that up, or do you have information to backup that claim? Win2k being released was a huge blow to Linux at the time. Redhat 9 was so awful in comparison. I remember how a lot of developers I knew who had been Linux users actually switched back. Choice 1: Burn lots and lots of coal + Fischer Tropsch + electric vehicles. Choice 2: Thorium reactors + electric vehicles. That's about it. BTW, The "Peak Oil Community" are 5% oil and gas industry people, and 5% energy policy wonk want-to-bes. The rest are radical environmentalists eagerly anticipating the ecological-Malthusian-doom rapture (see dieoff.org, etc) and are not interested in practical solutions and are just sitting in front of their computers waiting to be raptured up into their ecological-hand-tools-subsistence-agriculture wonderland. With Thorium reactors you can generate so much electricity you can convert CO2 into hydrocarbons directly. If for whatever dumb reason thorium reactors don't happen, yeah Fischer-Tropsche Coal to Oil is the way to go. Al Gore will be upset though at all your non-carbon neutrality, for what it's worth but they'll sure as all heck do it in China. Problem is is that building an industrial scale Fischer-Tropsch plant is a big undertaking, on the scale of building a major oil refinery and you'd have NIMBYs up the wazoo anywhere you tried to build that in the U.S. The guy takes the other side of every single technological debate out there that doesn't have an official pundit for the other side, often with amusing results. For instance, I really enjoyed watching him tell all the singularity guys what a bunch of science fiction obsessed delusionals they were at a panel discussion a few years back. However, I often find that he is the go-to-guy for people who can't come up with a good sounding argument for why they don't like this or that new technological trend. Conversation Zen Levels from lowest zen to highest: Level 1: The conversation does not involve talking about your job. This is only acceptable in business network situations. If you are not at a trade show, business event, in an interview or at work you shouldn't talk about work. This is the most pathetic type of small talk, as it immediately puts you in a social class/stereotype bucket. Level 2: The conversation does not involve talking about where you live, or whether you are going to school and where. Unless you are exactly the same age, you are not likely to gain any useful information from this, except to put people into a social class or stereotype bucket, which is detrimental to conversation. Level 3: The conversation does not involve talking about any topics that have to do with people or activities outside of the immediate first-hand knowledge of the individuals involved in the conversation. E.g no talk about sports, celebrities, world politics, etc. This kind of talk usually results in nothing positive that you haven't had 100 or more conversations about already and serves to bucketize, not in so far as social class is concerned but in other aspects. Sometimes the other person will have specialized knowledge about a topic, for instance you may have read the same book or may be into the same niche topic, and this is acceptable conversation for this zen level but usually conversation falls into overly mainstream categories that tend to categorize and stereotype. It's really really hard to have a common niche interest unless you're at an event catering to that interest so best not to bother. Level 4: The conversation does not involve any conversation about anything taking place in the past or outside of the immediate physical area. This only usually happen as part of a shared activity and may be difficult or impossible on a plane or similar circumstances where there is little in the way of shared experience in the immediate physical area. Figure out what Zen level you want to communicate with people at and then just don't talk unless you can achieve that zen level. Ok I made that all up right in this comment box. The main idea is to avoid any sort of conversation that would bucketize the other person into a particular social class or stereotype for as long as possible or bore them with uninteresting chatter in order to have any more fulfilling interaction. What do you guys think? In non-dating recreational situations you can actually pull off level 4 if you're disciplined. For instance, if you go to a sailing class. Only talk about sailing and learning sailing. Put all your brain into it and keep out of lower level talk. People will find you very mysterious and interesting because you didn't lay all your cards on the table so they could just put you in a bucket. Think about the boring guy at the sailing class. Later on you find out he's a doctor, or a builder, or a fraud investigator or a republican or likes watching hockey or went to college at Stanford. What if he didn't tell you any of that until you had known him for a couple of weeks or even months during the course of that sailing class vs if he had told you that all up front? I usually find that nobody's eyes light up and get excited when I tell them I work as a software developer. I'm now a nerd, or too smart, or boring, or a member of the "technical professional" social class. If I had some really exciting job like being a movie star, I'd be stuck having to repeat answers to the same frequently asked questions every time I met someone new. The idea of the zen levels is to get to know other people first as humans before socially categorizing them. It's about showing them your personality instead of telling them all your credentials up front. Level 3 is fine, if you're at a dinner party or something like that with people you don't know and you just have to talk to someone because it's boring otherwise. Usually social situations work better though if there's some sort of shared activity or purpose to the event. Think about how people meet all their best friends in college and in high school. At these stages of one's life people haven't been split off into their social segments yet and have plenty to talk about because they are helping each other study for exams, or playing on sports teams together or working on other practical projects like organizing clandestine weekend keggers. It's in these situations that people really get to know each other, instead of just this social filtering process that usually passes for conversation. There are some things that are only a crime when certain people who disapprove are merely aware that they took place. Reddit runs on Cassandra + PostgreSQL. They use Cassandra as a key/value store and not as the primary database though. Android is Linux. From what I've seen of Microsoft's marketing against competitors, there strategy is to pretend that Linux does not exist. With regards to point 4, for some people, never ever criticizing people or losing one's temper can require a lot of effort. In this case, Linux really does mean freedom. I think this is the case in Russia because the odds of the government shaking you down, taking all your stuff and then throwing you in some awful prison are about the same whether what you're doing is perfectly legitimate or totally illegal. My favorite eXile article of all time has to be "Embrace the Pain" : http://exile.ru/articles/detail.php?ARTICLE_ID=7347&IBLO... This is why I don't watch movies anymore or read anything but the classics. Why fill your brain with images and thoughts you're not allowed to make reference to without paying someone. Why not just watch all your movies on YouTube, even if they are crappy homemade ones, at least you'll be able to make reference to them later. Basically, I never let my thoughts get owned and polluted by restrictive copyright owners, especially when it comes to entertainment. It's a big game of core war(see http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Core_War ) as far as I'm concerned. It almost reminds me of what happened with derivatives, securitization and HFT on wall street. The game became all about bamboozling the regulators and investors with complicated financial games instead of creating real wealth. There's this ugly thing in American business where money is made on making things overly complicated. Where instead of trying to solve economic problems people are just trying to win at chess. I knew some wall street traders who dropped out and moved to Tanzania for 2 years and had a sapling plantation. They say the locals burn the forests down around their villages because they are habitats for wildlife they hate, namely elephants and lions that routinely kill people. I've been working with Lift a bit. It is very different from any other web framework I've ever used. That said, there's some real brilliance in it, especially how Comet and Ajax work. Lately, it's gotten a lot easier to work with, as the IDE has gotten into a usable state. The learning curve is pretty steep though. You have to learn Scala, The Java APIs and the non-traditional approach to web development that Lift takes. That, and it's a young ecosystem. There aren't 101 e-commerce shopping cart systems written in it yet. I use Eclipse. For a while, during the Scala 2.7 to 2.8 transition, the Scala support was so bad I actually switched back to Emacs. Now it's fairly usable, though not as full featured as the Eclipse's Java support. I would also highly recommend you setup JRebel with Lift. It makes the development cycle go much faster. Foursquare switched to Lift at the end of 2009. You can see the traffic growth patterns for both foursquare.com and gowalla.com here: http://siteanalytics.compete.com/foursquare.com+gowalla.com/... Being overweight and obese is caused by eating too many calories. No really. If you don't believe me you can get the very long exhaustive scientific treatment of the subject over here: http://www.fourmilab.ch/hackdiet/www/hackdiet.html Well if you want to be a uber-meta-contrarian you learn the art and do your own research. Otherwise you're just repeating what someone else said who either did their own research, or pretended to in order support some pre-determined conclusion. For the two most important dates in the history of software, I nominate: September 26th 1983 : Faulty Soviet software almost ends the world. September 27th 1983 : Gnu Project announced. Swoopo works for the same reason slot machines are enormously popular, even though the house always wins. The leadership knows how to move their peas around on the plate but they don't know how to cook. Naah.. The government will just require your unique citizen identifier in the bottom 64 bits. You won't be able to sign up for an ISP or a cell phone or any other connected device without it. Why do you think they made the address space so absurdly huge? Ok, it's a paranoid theory for now but I couldn't think of any other possible reason for such a large address space besides being permanent unique identifcation of clients, like a mac address. The bandwidth wasted on sending those addresses around multiplied by every packet on the internet seems ridiculously wastefull otherwise. For instance, there will probably never be 2^128 packets created and sent on the internet between now and the heat death of the universe. This reminds me of the clipper chip episode back during the Clinton administration, except it's actually worse. You don't understand how large 2^128 is do you? Let's quit all this handwavy crap about how that's a nice big number and look at how absurdly big it is. The number of seconds since the universe started is 13.75 billion * 86400 * 365 = 4.3 x 10 ^ 17 seconds. U.S Internet traffic was 18 exabytes (1 exabyte=10^18 bytes) a year, so let's just say that that we are sending 18 exabytes a second since the beginning of the universe and we are counting each byte. Yes, each set of 8 1s and 0s. How many is that? 4.3 x 10 ^17 * 18 * 10^18 = 7.74 * 10 ^36. 2^128= 3.4 + 10 ^ 38 / (7.74 * 10^36 ) =~ 43. So you could have a different ip address for every byte sent over the Internet, assuming the traffic for the whole year was sent over the course of 1 second for every second in 43 times the current age of the universe. There are many different aspects as to why health care is so expensive in the US. I never really hear about doctor's salaries being mentioned as a cause. I was browsing glassdoor.com a few nights ago. The professions making more than 300k a year as salaried employees were almost all medical specialists. I really doubt any other country pays their doctors that well. The real problem with democracy is Parkinson's law of triviality, otherwise known as BikeShedding. Every executive on the board knows what color they want to paint the office bike shed. They argue about it for hours. How to build the plant or do something complicated is left to overpaid consultants or specialists who are given the hands-off treatment. Same thing with legislation. Take an issue like gay marriage. Everyone can understand it at some level, so everyone has an opinion on it and it becomes a popular subject to talk about when discussing politics. Now take something like financial regulation. The future of the country is riding on it, but it's too complicated for most people and thus people fall asleep after 5 minutes of talking about it, so it's handed off to specialists and consultants who work for the finance industry. The Chinese gov probably wants to keep the "Tax-Exempt Foundations" from gaining too much influence. The Chinese are very paranoid about influence in their society. They shut down bloggers who get popular, even if they're just talking about stock tips or dating. They shut down talent shows and professional sports if there's any individual who is becoming too popular. That's why there is comparatively little sports and celebrity culture in China. When the average Chinese person looks out into eternity, the Chinese government wants them to see what the Chinese government wants them to see and not a bunch of celebrities and sports stars, as the average citizens of western nations do. Vim used to have an edge when emacs was viewed as "bloated" for using 8 megs of ram, but now that's pretty negligible. On big projects I can get eclipse to use more than 2 gigs! No conspiracy theory necessary. There are only a small number of people who can design and build things of nuclear reactor level complexity from scratch and they mostly work at government labs and for major engineering firms. The government wanted these people to focus their attention on the designs that would be useful for the cold war weapons programs so the thorium reactors just didn't get built. Yeah it's called prisoner's dilemma. The strategy is called tit-for-tat. Bittorrent uses it to keep peers from misbehaving; look it up. The "Suppose there was a" conversations get kind of annoying when they start to talk about things that are not likely to exist anytime in the near future, like a perfect virtual simulation of the world. My objection to the claim that we are in a perfect simulation of reality is that that's not falsifiable. Falsifiability is a really really interesting concept. It's not particularly popular among mystics because it sort of invalidates the whole religion thing. Game wise, Farmville has the feel of nickel slots. You give up something of value, your spare time, for a chance at a reward. Since many view their time as low value, the reward is worth it. The interaction is based solely on luck. The buying of virtual goods helps people justify the time they waste on the game because it shows them that in game rewards have cash value. I would really love to read a full blown social psych journal article on Farmville. Come on, it's a movie where the hero uses Emacs! Unless you are vi bigot, you're going to love it.