That, and that governments do what they promised they would do in the Paris agreement. It should really not be that controversial. Off topic, I'm wondering, do people on here tend to have subscriptions to sites like wsj.com that are behind a paywall or is there a known way to get past it without one that I just don't know about? > That being said, the dismissive use of 'Happy Pills' is a bit problematic IMO, for some that is the most effective way to heal depression 100% agree. For some of us, a low dosage SSRI is all it takes to unclog the brain and start the healing process. This video shows the thrust and motion vectors: https://m.youtube.com/watch?v=HyJHX6MZOWg > Even if every car on the road had the ability to respond instantly to the car ahead, being forced to brake hard still risks loss of control especially in bad conditions Driving on the road is not some kind of high speed car chase. If one had left enough space to the car in front based on the current road conditions and speed one wouldn't have to brake hard. Anyone can adjust their speed to increase the distance to the car on front. Often arguments sound like driving too close or too fast are inevitable facts of life. Right now that's Signal. The same way you could be on Facebook and not being radicalized at all. At the end of the day it's people who chose to be misinformed, who chose to not question, not look elsewhere, not to be skeptic about how content is making them feel. Facebook just shamelessly takes advantage of people's shortcomings, for profit. Is this wrong? Am I misunderstanding anything? I'm genuinely curious. I feel that it's a choice because it's under our control what we do. We chose to believe, we chose to hate, to judge. Believing everything FB puts in front of you in their feed is just lazy. We have to do better than that. Absolutely, it's more than just Facebook but also other social platforms and "news" outlets. And in some countries definitely the political class as well. They struggle with the size of their mobile apps so they've got that going for them For me that's still what it's best at and what it should focus on. "Paper", Signatures, Password, to me that feels like they're desperately trying to find something to not just be a reliable external hard drive for people. Oh and of course their number one ambition, trying to convince me to upgrade to whatever more expensive plan they have. What?!? I have to try that. I hope I can get my codes out of Authy somehow. Looks neat. Hopefully it'll be available on non Apple devices someday. > All data is encrypted even if is stored in iCloud, so you never have to worry about nasty hackers. That looks like there's a word missing or something. Are you implying that the Switch hardware isn't good enough for its games? I have yet to play a game that doesn't run well. Maybe I should try Witcher 3. One day we might see an article like this, marking the beginning of the end. Looking back 1y+ I wouldn't have thought that something so life altering was about to happen, yet it did. I remember news stories about a respiratory illness but didn't think much of it. Now I often read news stories, hoping that that's not going to be the next headline I don't think much of of, but will think back to in a year's time as something horrible that has happened. I think parent is talking about professions where the scientific method is followed. It's not about how "sophisticated" something is. I remember my partners parents saying the same about star fish population around Hornby island. The time frame matches up as well. Do what you want others to do as well. Yes you can't change everything yourself, but as a community you can. This is a problem of individualism. You can't fix that with more individualism. While I don't agree on the premise here. There's never gonna be the one thing solving the whole problem. It's gonna be the sum of a million little things. Don't let good be the enemy of perfect. For many it was the prospect of metadata being sent to WA's big brother Facebook. Personally I don't want anything to do with the FB ecosystem so I deleted my WA account. I didn't have anything against WA per se, I really like the app , just the connection to FB is unacceptable. Obviously not "absolutely every company in America does this", this sounds like an attempt to normalize it. It makes me sad to time and time again learn that the low prices of services I love are unsustainable and instead subsidized by treating someone unfairly downstream. I wish I could be told what the ethical price for something is and I might actually pay it. And if that price is too high, then maybe that service shouldn't exist in the first place. That's right. I don't think I said otherwise. Any reason you couldn't replace "Postgres" with "a database"? I didn't find anything Postgres specific other than maybe "SELECT FOR UPDATE SKIP LOCKED" which you can do without. Using some equivalent, yes I recently switched to Click from argparse and like it better so far. > That said, the bands will almost certainly be collecting a lot of data. That might include incredibly fine variations in typing patterns; overall levels of bodily tension; and any biometric information captured by fitness tracking sensors, augmented reality glasses, and other tech that could be integrated with the bands. Why on earth anyone would hand over that much personal data to a company like Facebook is beyond me. We all have to do a better job at educating non tech people of the implications. Why did I just spend 2 minutes on that?! Given that the list of organisations [0] consists of public and private ones, your statement reads somewhat disingenuous to me. [0] https://en.m.wikipedia.org/wiki/White_House_press_corps I think you're right if you are actually able to get ms or μs but as far as I know the unit your getting most of the time in python is second. Maybe they scaled back in just a bit too much /s How would a self driving car "change humanity as we know it"? Sure it might make travel by car suck less but not in any significant way that would change humanity in any meaningful way. At least not outside of a very narrow bubble we might be a part of. More and more I appreciate Signal for what it is. A no nonsense (okay, stickers) messaging tool for people that know each other in real life. I hope it never changes into something "social". This here happens on the retrieving side so clients can get a different "view" of the data. You're 100% right. I'm just worried that by going more "social", chances increase of Telegram going the same way as WhatsApp and Instagram. Your example is way better than what AWS has on their page (marketing, analytics) which made me think immediately: you shouldn't use a file store for that but a database. Personally I rather it didn't, yes. Being sold to Facebook just means I have yet to switch messengers again. I think Athena has to get a lot less expensive for that to become true. I very much doubt that. There is no serious movement with that goal. It's a bit more subtle where I live but rest assured, even the unmarked van, the yellow vest, it's pretty obvious even without the Amazon logo. I agree. In a way that's one of the strengths of SOLID in my opinion. All places I've worked at had slightly different versions of what e.g. SRP meant. And that's ok. It's a way to make sure your team writes code in a way their teammates would expect. Whether that's objectively good code or not doesn't matter as much to me. Do you have a source for that? > Because otherwise how do you know when they suddenly change their script to do something entirely different? Even though it's inconvenient maybe we should treat it as just another 3rd party dependency that needs to be downloaded, screened, and then used from the internal store. Pretty dangerous to dynamically load a script from a site like facebook.com. I wish we could collectively accept that meat consumption is a huge ecological and environmental problem our planet is facing and simply transition to a more sustainable, vegetarian diet. Reducing the effect that industrial meat production has on the environment is great and it's something we as humans do, improve the negative effects of our behavior when instead it would have far greater effect to change our behavior instead. > z3 is tested on python 2.7 Yikes! I have to admit, just yesterday I changed my phone notifications to audibly (sound or vibration) notify me only for calls of any kind. Signal still gets a silent notification with no details but every other app, including email, doesn't really deserve my immediate attention. Will that piss some people off? I doubt it but maybe. Will I spend less time on my phone, for sure! It's hard to believe that the behavior we saw can be reasonably explained by demand. Interesting, what's the benefit over exposing the port through Docker? > She also dressed as a Native American at a Halloween party as a teenager. As someone who grew up in Germany, this made me chuckle, as probably 50% of children did this at least once in their life where I lived for "Fasching". The other half were cowboys. Most GUIs let you stage individual lines quickly and efficiently to achieve exactly what the author laid out in the beginning. Make whatever changes while you're in the zone and then spend a couple minutes grouping your changes on a per line basis. Maybe it's more cumbersome if your want to stay in the command line but that's a choice. Use the tools that fit your workflow. That is one well written Github issue! It is a premature April fools joke. People who argue #2 might simply not understand how insurance works. > For comparison using JSON configuration files this entire class os problems would not exist. Every application would read the data in the same way The issue they mentioned earlier remains, as it's not specific to env vars. What if you don't supply a config file? > The environment is now different. What should the program do? Use the old configuration that had the env var set or the new one where it is not set? Error out? Try to silently merge the different options into one? Something else? I'm really not a big fan of using env vars for configuration but there are cases where it's a good choice, for example running docker compose and passing a .env file that becomes the configuration for the container. I agree that it's not a very good way to configure an application in a "shared" environment. For instance, I'm not a fan of curl reading my HTTPS_PROXY env var and implicitly using that value. That should be controlled exclusively by a cli switch imho. Hell no! I'm a passionate software developer but no way would I move down south. Compensation is about a lot more than $. > games and events Not tied to uni but virtually mandatory to participate in social events. Sure you can just say to simply opt out but then it might be more difficult to socialize. When I took the trans siberian railway in 2008, they actually took a break at the border of Mongolia and China I believe to change the axles for different size ones which took a couple of hours. > I could imagine myself enjoying being at the office much more in such a place. It gets old too. There is a reason why companies create an environment like that and it's not to make you genuinely happy. I hope this dip into remote work makes people move somewhere they like, being able to create a work from home environment, work (remotely) for a company that doesn't make them miserable and focus on the things that really matter in life. Maybe it's different for me because I have a dedicated work room but I don't really get that mindset. I love being at home, being able to switch between work and personal life multiple times a day, it's so liberating. This very much depends on where you live and how your local government is handling the pandemic. Maybe "make it fast" could fall under #4 Make it elegant, as an elegant way to solve a problem could be a way that solves it more efficiently (faster) than others. It sounds more like a "offline" codec, not a Google service compressing your voice so I don't immediately see how Google would violate our privacy here this time. I'm not saying I could do it, but it's certainly a dream. That's quite some cherry picking you're doing there. ... Total deaths pM Norway: 123 Total deaths pM Finland: 148 Total deaths pM Germany: 915 ... Source: https://www.statista.com/statistics/1104709/coronavirus-deat... > I'm not sure why you consider Belgium cherry-picking but not Norway, Germany, and Finland. > You could make an argument for Finland and Norway as more culturally similar Exactly that. Germany I simply chose because that's where I'm from originally. The data couldn't be more clear that's why I thought it wouldn't be necessary to list many more countries with a stricter Covid19 policy and a considerably lower death rate. Same here, deleted about 6 months ago. Was just as surprised. Have a look at this study that analyzed different countries'/regions' responses to the pandemic and the outcome in terms of economic impact, death toll, etc: https://www.institutmolinari.org/wp-content/uploads/sites/17... > Here's the text without having to execute arbitrary code from twitter Ok, I'll bite, what's this about? What "arbitrary" code is being executed when you visit Twitter? Regarding boiling frog metaphor: https://www.theatlantic.com/technology/archive/2006/09/the-b... What do you mean by that? Is there a point where if you're on the left of it on the political spectrum you're in favor, and otherwise against? To be fair, your credit score is completely irrelevant for everyday financial transactions. I'd just get a new card or two with different banks and wait for the score to go back up. It doesn't take that long and isn't even a big deal unless you're applying for mortgage or something similar. Or am I mistaken? It sounded like OP experienced the drop because they had to get new cards. But once they have new cards, the score doesntayter amymore. That's why I usually don't get the obsession over the credit scores. Does that include consumer credit cards though? If it had to be backed by assets, people would just spend the money at a different time. I guess the economy would be missing out on all that predatory interest. Well, it sure will make him rich. > For a list of domains that should not break anything, use telemetry-domains.txt For sure, because it's empty. > the situation in Europe is unsustainable with all the youth and elders voting for "free healthcare" (it's so hard to make them understand it's free for them but oh so expensive for many others) I think you might misunderstand how the systems work. First of all, there is no such thing as European healthcare. Every country has their own system. In Germany for instance, 14.6% of your post tax income go towards healthcare (capped at a post tax income of EUR 58.050). No one thinks it's free and it isn't free for anybody except for those who really cannot afford it which have never heard anyone critizise. I know it's pessimistic but that's what I thought as well. This post isn't about the Twitter service becoming available I know, but still, starting a presence there will probably increase usage which in turn will probably add a couple of countries to the "divided by social media" list. Meaning? Fwiw, it's not tracking location > The app, called Blip, generates a geofence — a virtual boundary, created by the employer using GPS — that detects when an employee enters or leaves. I understand location tracking as being tracked, i.e. someone knows where I am at any given time. Here it's a binary information. Inside the fence (place of employment) or not. Once you're out, all the employer knows is that you're not at work. Don't get me wrong, I despise this but it's not tracking strictly speaking. Technically no, the client does not have to send the exact location to its server at all times to determine if the device is within the fence. I like apps with browser integration like 1Password so I don't have to copy the plain text password to the clipboard or even have it be visible in my she'll. Except that the cavemen were able to live sustainably in the cave in the first place. > And what are you going to do about it? Call customer service? I know it's not perfect but I feel much better knowing I pay for my email service, online storage and password management, knowing I'll be a paying customer in someone's system deserving of at least some degree of customer service. Interesting, thanks for the link. My comment however was in response to the comparison cave/hut, not caveman lifestyle in general. But I get what you're saying. Maybe we're just fundamentally unable to live sustainably, by design so to speak. > Useful for running unknown scripts Or just, you know, read them before you run them. > the moment it gets converted to anything real, the owners will be caught Is that how it works? Won't there be, say banking institutions that simply won't keep a record of who converted the bitcoin to money similar to how VPN providers are claiming to not log user's IP addresses? You're probably right. I was thinking of the usual suspects when it comes to offshore accounts but also Switzerland with historically very strong privacy laws. But I'm know nothing about the banking industry so I could be totally off here. Plus the risk associated with running Linux or any of the executables is orders of magnitude lower than copy/pasting and running a bash script one found on the internet. How does one get from > The Government of Canada Launches Consultation on a Modern Copyright Framework for Online Intermediaries to > Canadian government proposes website-blocking system for piracy websites ? Except that nothing has been proposed here. This is a RFP. What do I, as an end user, have to do to be protected? Is it sufficient to use Firefox with its default settings? Honestly I don't know and I think I should. I have uBlock Origin, Privacy Badger, ClearURLs installed on Firefox, I'm running pi-hole at home, it's just so much. Thank you, I'll have a look! Love that data this is making public but I wish it wasn't always so much blue vs red, Republicans vs Democrats, who is worse, my team or theirs. They're all corrupt to some degree, why make it even more partisan that it already is. > It took four hours Love this guy's prototyping skills, I wish I could hammer out a project in that short a time. Takes me longer just to get the soldering right. Hopefully this will bring in actual competition and lower prices. Do you have examples of how that would be used in real life decisionmaking? Given that it seems that you can be transmitting the virus without developing symptoms, would it really be that much safer for an unvaccinated person?