I think it is interesting to hear from the other side of the fence every so often, but the proposed plan is sub-optimal. I would like to suggest what I think is a better model. The "Sampo solution" to licensing (each foundry holds a page listing which domains are allowed to use a font) is frankly unworkable. Imagine if helvetica was licensed this way - on every web page more or less. Every time a browser visited a new domain it would need to download a very big file from a foundry website (there are how many domains? What does a ten million line file cost to download on a mobile?). And what about the TTL for that list, make it a week and every browser around the world needs to download it all again. Even Google would sag under that kind of load. The first idea that comes to mind is to just replace the "root table" with a y/n call - here is my webpage, here is the font name, can i use it. This does not really solve the problem - it reduces traffic sure, but the issue is that if i visit domain x I automatically need to visit another domain, that may or may not be available. Its inelegant, its inefficient and its insecure. The web would effectively 'not work' if a big foundry said 'no to all'. And that is a big ransom demand to put in anyones hands. And I strongly suspect there is a really powerful cross-site scripting vulnerability sitting in there. It also works against the foundries - the solution decides the licensing. There is just one kind of license - per domain. No sophistication, no negotiation. What if you only want to license your font for my mobile readers. What if you want to license it for the first 100,000 views for free as a taster, then stick it to me. What if everyone hosted on rackspace servers gets it. The technology should limit the business options as little as possible. Ok, what do you suggest then ? I prefer a slightly more network-friendly solution. There are not that many foundries (certainly orders of magnitude less than domains) so it is quite feasible for them all to put public root certificates in browsers, or at worst run shared CAs. The technology is already there for SSL. Then each website who wants to license a .wtf (great name!) file pays their money and gets a signed (hashed) license file which sits next to robots.txt. The browser downloads the web page, the font and then decrypts the license file with the known public key. The license file is then located where it should be, on the site with the font, and we can trust the license file is genuine. If its out of date thats the webmasters problem. The license file could hold - domains allowed - servers / ips allowed - license type - an extensible other data section. The license type would need to be pre-agreed with the browsers, the first obvious one is per domain. But any number of types (lets say one byte or 255) could be invented as the browser manufacturers and foundries talk. This solution has a lot more going for it. We avoid the horrors of mass file downloads, of out of date caches causing havoc and of finding that we put the entire web under the control of one small group of font designers.(I am sure they are lovely people each and every one, in fact thats why i dont want to do it. Imagine the stress of avoiding that temptation, lets not put them through it, the dears.) It also follows the same approach as has been proven to work with ssl for a dozen years, and reuses technology instead of inventing it. The downsides - well font designers are asking web browser manufacturers to enforce their copyright. If they get it, the exact same approach can be used for, well anything. If youtube has not got right license file, no playing. Seems like a can of worms to me, and I suspect I would not want to do it if I were Apple or Mozilla. Anyway, my two cents. [edit:removed a comment that might be a bit flame-y] This actually made some sense for me. Yes it did start to read like sarcasm, but no-one (and no company) can ever be brilliant at everything . Trying to do everything perfectly will lead to burn out, but leaving some things badly done will leave you exposed. What I took from the article was to be mediocre in almost everything you do is a sustainable approach - want to take payments, use paypal, sales and marketing? Adwords, some PR puffs and a voip number. Mediocre still means a job is done and to an acceptable standard. If it is quick and dirty, it is a lot better than not done at all. As long as you do one thing better than mediocre, and everything else is covered, you stand a chance. But yes, there is a lot of judgement between 'this quick and dirty is an acceptable mediocre' and 'this quick and dirty is worse than nothing'. Voting is like innoculation. I do not merely vote for a 'mainstream' candidate to ensure that my choice gets in. I also vote so that 'extreme' candidates are excluded. A vote for a mainstream candidate is an innoculation for society against extremist diseases. It is vanishingly unlikely that my vote will be at the exact tipping point, ie a hanging chad county in Florida. It is also unlikely that my innoculation against killer flu will be the one innocluation that stops the spread of the virus. But from society's point of view it does not matter - the more who are innoculated, the safer society is. Similarly, the more people who vote the more candidates need to pander to the mainstream opinion, not the extremist. In general we become safer. This all breaks down if mainstream opinion is actually 'wrong'. But thats a different issue. PS Here in the UK the fascist BNP have got two MEPs and will be controversially appearing on a wellknown politics talk show. Innoculations need to be kept up. the "Art of Operations" suggests a book or similar that you are referring to - is there one, or am I reading too much into some double quotes? http://www.csoonline.com/article/print/329164 This is an old article but compares the actions against the Barbary Pirates (US Navy used force to ensure Free Trade) with what US could do with Internet 'piracy' - and no thats not copying CDs. Bug Trackers also play an important prioritisation role - a central location to decide what work is most important right now. If we wrote only unit tests, pretty soon someone would hack up a system to take the names of the tests, and put them in a list. It would be called testzilla. marvellous! Gold measured in Seawater in 1990 - "just 1 gram of gold for every 100 million tonnes of sea water (Earth and Planetary Science Letters, vol 98, p 208)." http://www.newscientist.com/article/mg12717242.800-science-g... cperciva, thank you for clarifying what I should have put in there in the first place. Anyway, this seems a good overview and is not wildly out with the other literature afaik. http://books.google.co.uk/books?id=LbTDLa_2opsC&pg=PA26&... so, 130m tons of salt is supported, 6m tons of magnesium, but 1 ton of silver and 0.02 tons of gold, and commercial extraction seems limited to salt (obviously) magnesium and bromine. I suspect someone quoted the "boring" elements accurately and then upvoted the "fun" elements for you. Wow. It is utterly incredible what an election you are likely to lose will prompt politicians to promise. Over here the election has begun in earnest, with the big guns coming out in just one day to promise big new initiatives - from a industrial strategy for green energy and biotech, to UK Space Agency to Semantic Web-enabled government departments. Some of this is aiming in the right direction, like releasing OS maps, broadband for digital poor and access to government processes online. But some of this terrifies me - "allowing users of government services to identify themselves simply and definitively" sounds like an ID card online. I love that Gordon has been listening to some of the right people. I am scared that my government is going to try and go online when they support things like the Digital Economy Bill copyright sections. Whoever wrote this speech did not do the policy work on clause 17. roll on may 6th (I did a similar calc and from memory it was) 1mile ~ 1.6km 1cubic mile = 1600 * 1600 * 1600 m3 ~ 4.1 bn m3 1m3 = 1000 ltrs & 1 ltr (pure water) = 1kg so 1m3 ~ 1 ton 1cubic mile ~ 4.1 bn tons so 1g / 100m tons ~ 41 grams per cubic mile The 41/47 is probably a better weight for seawater than my 1kg/ltr. [redacted till I finish reading what I should have read in first place] I agree about type 5 (the TODO comment) but I also think there is a lot of value in type 4. I would not call it "lifestory" but "business reasoning". Far too often one can visit code and think - I know what it does, but why does the business want that to happen? With comments like that the origin of the request is now obvious. And as we are all being Agile-y now and no-one writes down business requirements anymore, type 4 might just save your ass. I think luu is underestimating Mr Dijkstra - this one essay has more nuggets than Mcdonalds... I prefer to describe it the other way round: the program is an abstract symbol manipulator, which can be turned into a concrete one by supplying a computer to it. if we wish to count lines of code, we should not regard them as "lines produced" but as "lines spent" As economics is known as "The Miserable Science", software engineering should be known as "The Doomed Discipline" and so on. You can happily read most of the current problems we face in the Doomed Discipline laid out 30 years ago. In the end, reading honest thinking from people orders more intelligent than yourself always inspires something. @gojomo thanks that looks really useful. @willvarfar - yeah, that's a bit beyond even my liberal bleeding heart. Homelessness has always been this background hum, but specific "how do you get a bed" questions have not been something I have ever asked before. It's surprising me. @mkramlich - I did realise it was v off topic but I wanted advice from a community that has a lot of clever and thoughtful people ... and HN ;-) I was thinking something like c1sc0 suggested - there are times when I would like to hand over a voucher for a bed for a night rather than cash. But I also understand such voucher schemes can do more harm than good. Something like pay this website, get a pdf with a random number on it. That number can be redeemed against your payment by the hostel. It is probably something that needs sponsoring by the council / govt / Shelter, but might not sit well with their policy / experience. I'll have a look-see. So it seems the advice boils down to * will the "system" help? Is there a reason she is not treated on NHS / RBKC housing her? * As an emergency measure take a call if they are genuine and if so try and pay for hostel for a few nights. I'll let you know. Lastly is editing my own post a time limited offer? I wanted to clean up that markup crud - I think my iPhone hates me. That was college surely? :-) The wikipedia page notes that moving the experiment out of Yale into a local office building dropped the 450v obedience to 48% but "was not statistically significant" it seems hugely significant - nearly 50% reduction. Does anyone know why it's not considered significant ? Is it just me, or if you are studying the "extreamly-intelligent" as in the image halfway down, its best to learn how to spell extremely. And the rules on hypenation. Could not agree more. You have a dying product, not a dying business or bad employees. Level with your employees (who probably already know this is a dying product) - and then set a revitalising target - Build in the next two months at least two online profitable (cash positive) services. Which ones? Ask your employees now, and over next few weeks ask your customers. They have pain points that clearly are being better met elsewhere, but when someone credible asks what pain can I solve, most people reply seriously. to summarise, JFDI. Kill everyone is certainly not the only option nor the most likely reason for scrambling. Any commander will value eyes on the ground as high quality intelligence, and in this situation a calm professional pilot obsrving the cockpit will be useful, even if the airforce don't have gizmos for listening in, videoing etc so, no, reaching for a gun might mean you just want to look down the sight to see more. My challenge is taking client who can barely release twice a year, with manual testing, and getting them on the path to daily builds, let alone this level of control over ones environment. It gives me an insight into how it must have felt being proud spear wielding warriors seeing "Gatling" stenciled on the side of a large wooden box. The big question is why the structure of the IT department lent itself to doing something so stupid You can fire the CIO, you can replace the offshore developers with onshore, or vice versa, but experience says it won't matter. I looked in amazement at googletesting's dependancy graph test suites yesterday, and realised that the playing field is not flat at all. Reading and writing code is the literacy of the 21st C. And the end most big companies are like newspapers owned and managed by illiterates. It does not matter how you rearrange the strucutre or the hierarchy, when the chips are down decisions will be made on what the illiterate management understand is the best way to work. As such it is infinitely unlikely that the decision then will be set up to support what a literate person would decide. Until a generation of coders grows up, or all illiterate companies go bankrupt, this will merely be one of a myriad of pathologies exhibited by large companies run by the illiterate. >>> Today software development might as well be magic. There are no reliable objective methods for determining developer or software quality. The only method that's proven to work well is the subjective judgment of another "magician". Try replacing software development with writing english. I am going to stop banging on about this eventually, but reading and writing code is something that needs to be understood at all levels of a company before that company gets good at it. If the boss of the company and everyone who reports to him is illiterate, one cannot expect the memos and the policy documents and the amusing posters to be of any decent quality Forgive the dumb question but what do you mean by a working set? Is this the part of index that covers the shard that server is on? Or is your domain such that you only care about most recent records - for my part it's rare that a table has records I will not want to see and so can be in the non ram part of index? I think a reread of the op suggests that only a subset of data and indexes are in ram - but my question still stands but slightly differently phrased - are you saying best practises is shard your dbase and place shards in ram in as many servers as needed? A Python company just outside the city, whose name escapes me right now, was doing very well with a web based excel. Most/many hedge funds manage billions of dollars on the back of very complicated excel spreadsheets, mostly because the "talent" understand excel and can bend it to their needs. But auditing these things is an utter nightmare, which version was used to lose a million here or a million there. Is it still on bobs laptop? How can I reuse code? By providing a excel like front end and a centralised, versionable, auditable back end, they got a lot of interest going. The space is still very wide afaik, but I have been out of the City for some years now. (In fact you could take a similar approach to any CFO's office) Jane Street is very unusual in having such an advanced technology management set up (IIRR OCaml, directors review the code before production etc etc) I think the most fascinating fact was the speed of turnaround. This has been just on the radar of UK reporting for some years, with newspaper investigations and TV documentaries digging into the first and so far only convictions and doing everything but saying "And there is no way this was limited to only one reporter" But no-one cared enough to turn it into action. Then suddenly a court had evidence "someone" had deleted voicemails from a kidnap/rape/murder of a 13yr old. Within hours everyone from the PM down had hung them out to dry. Overstepping the line is a herd instinct. I heard it on radio and just said "someone has to go to jail". I am just wondering if Murdoch's lawyers are saying "It could be you" If @WalterGR above is correct, then changes to your site will only help when panda is rerun between one bot visit and the next (ie it's a batch process not a constantly evolved ranking). If that's true then an awful lot of sites I have heard about may have been wasting time SEO'ing for nothing. (most obvious is serverfault) Does anyone know if it really is an infrequent labelling run or an algoithm change and or it's run frequency? Edit: reference to waltergr added correctly Is it just me or does this smack of security by obscurity - as long as the great firewall of China/Iran/Whomever does not recognise the packets are hiding the real destination in their headers, then they will let the packets pass and anonymous surfing can continue. But somehow the telex station does, without initially decrypting every packet. So I guess the arms race will be a short one as whatever telex uses as a decrypt me signal will be replicated. Unfortunately, and rather ironically, my client's proxy is blocking telex.cc so I cannot read any details on the steganography. 5. Say yes ... No! SAying yes is an implicit delivery promise. You will either break yourself (budget over runs, massive stress) trying to deliver, and/or you fail and your reputation suffers If you have done it once already and know how much effort it will be - say yes and quote If you have never done it before, say "I have never done it before" but for a small hourly fee I will implement a prototype. If you like it we can talk full project, but if not, or if I cannot make it work, then I just keep small fee as R&D. The customer then has more choices / options which is usually appreciated Dont lie to customers. And saying yes without saying "I've never done i before" is lying. Posession with intent to distribute is an actual statutory crime (written explicitly to make prosecution easier for the cops) There is no generalised "intent to" law, there would need to be an actual seperate crime of posession with intent to distribute academic articles. So "mens rea" is not enough to convict without action unless there is a specific exception. And in general even the police try not to rely on the intent laws - which is why bank robbers get nicked after robbing the bank, and why we have such convoluted anti terrorist laws. I am concerned by the tendancy to throw everything into one in-process model. (by in-process I mean that we are calling a ruby function calculatePrice in the same model / whatever instead of calling out to a web api and getting back a price) It's usually cleaner to think about web service calls - not put everything into same model even though you can cleanly seperate functions within a single model the tendancy to make an inprocess call not an api call is always high. So removethe tempation. Have a thin model, a thin view and a thin controller all doing just one (rest-ful) thing and call between them the overhead in creating objects from passed in Json is far lower the trying to unstitch logins, transactions, funny bits of business logic from one monolithic model (not that I am saying you would end up with a monolithic piece of spagetti but I have seen some indark corners of the enterprise world, even in projects which have all the right buzzwords) Surely Digest Auth is a UI ontop of HTTP authentication? The browser does the work - there is absolutely no need for millions of hand rolled web login forms. I will second (or apparently 338th) this. I was in a similar position to you - and it took me 5-6 years to get back from being so broke I literally could not pay the admin fee for bankruptcy, to charging 1000 dollars a day. It was not a smooth road, nor an easy one, but it is a road many of us have travelled and we can let you know about some of the worst potholes. You are in the right profession, and you have the balls to take a leap like that while still in your teens. The history of entreprenuers say the odds are actually in your favour, even if it does not feel like it. Just to let you know, at my lowest point, after months of failed "proper" job hunting, my wife told me to get out the house and get a job stacking shelves at the local supermarket. A week later I was in the freezer section, stacking sausages. It did not last long but it was the turn around I needed. Don't worry about the "high status" jobs - take any job and work up. And Remember the wise words of Kipling - to take both Triumph and Disaster and treat those two imposters both the same. Good luck, keep posting Agree completely with Adamj here - put versioning in the headers. And to be honest, the advice here implies you can as a newbie product manager design a rest api without a hardcore (presumably experienced) rest developer - and throw it over the wall to the developers (who will thank you). I cannot ever imagine that working. Some recent posts on why no-one gets rest (to be looked up) are much more useful, but even so I have not yet found a good guide to rest style - even the oreilly book was disappointing. The trade off lies in the amount of effort marco will spend trying to learn Outlook, understand which resource on the web is wrong, misguided, lying or just out of date, and the level of frustration his (father-in-law?) can bear, as opposed to say, going for a drink and a walk on Thanksgiving. At a certain point just saying I dont know how gives the other person a data point on how much effort their choices will involve. I have wasted days before now trying tofix things I should have simply said "I don't know - its R&D from here on in, these are my rates" The main point to me is we still insist on this being engineering as opposed to creative writing. No-one sets out the specifications for a novel, or even a marketing report. Why copyright / piracy? I understand that Hollywood and other IP owners spend more, have better lawyers and lobbyists, but really, I no longer believe the idea that across the Western world, legislators are all coming round to the idea that they must somehow protect the status quo of music / film production. This is feeling more and more like an excuse. And if it is an excuse, then finding the underlying concern / reasons that drive these laws is important What do you think is driving legislators fears? Is it a need to somehow get this internet thing under "our" control. Is it a form of parochialism - we dont want this foreign sites coming into our country (be that sex.ru or facebook) Err, just a small comment. Crime Boss. Crime Boss. How many people has he killed, either personally or by order. Did those murders, leg breakings or threats help scale his business in the early days. Is this an approach patio11 should use? #justaskin There is a worrying undercurrent of self sufficency worked for me, it should work for everyone in many us style right of centre commentary these days. I understand it's heart felt but - most jobs don't pay enough to save. The average blue collar wage in US has not moved in nearly 30 years in dollar terms. - most people (it seems) who push this view come from states that have lots of space few people and net inflowss of cash from the rest of the us. In other words saying everyone should Save is a good idea but like saying everyone should be thin, we don't live in bodies or society adapted to make that happpen and it's not clear how to get there I would suggest that the capittal cost vs marginal cost is the wrong argument. Yes, its correct but the marginal cost of a single photo is soooo low you will never make any money back (expect perhaps with massively popular photos and very good DRM systems) ANd this approach does need a DRM and all the attendant (SOPA?) legal framework The article does mention the solution "You would not expect your writers to work for free" No - but writers work for commission. If you went out without any commission and took the photo, then you dont get paid for the photo. If a beach front hotel wanted a nice shot for its website and paid you 200USD to go do it, then you got paidf - and any extra resell value you make is a bonus So, if you are in an industry where your work can be reproduced at near zero margins, you get paid in commission of the initial creation - not the ongoing rights sales. Some ancillary benefits may acrue (credit) As someone who gets paid to write code, and also writes code for free (OSS), this difference is clear - and to be fair it is clear also to Madonna (couple of years ago she gave up rights for music sales to more of the cash from tours.) A good friend of mine with a PhD in this stuff points out that to do any useful work (ie breaking 3DES) you need a qubit for every bit in the factor(key), and all must be super-positioned at the same time - and that getting each extra bit superpositioned seems to be getting exponentially harder - in short quantum computing is looking to be technically much much harder than hoped. Kind of next century harder. For a given value of true, Programming is just normal human language literacy with slightly stricter syntax rules. As such I say there should be as many good women programmers to good male programmers as there are good women writers. If you have the savings to live comfortably I would suggest you avoid a job. In almost all cases the ratio of awesome learning to repitition and compromise is tiny and it sounds like you want to learn how to do this profession well. So some of the best practitioners do this for free - in open source development. Find a couple of established projects (mYbe in a domain you understand like film blender3d comes to mind) and join in. Progress from just compiling and testing the code others write to fixing one or two bugs (the time you are ready to contribute a bug fix is the time you look at a bug and say I know where that is failing) from there most non-poinsonous projects will take you on -find a mentor in the project- does not have to be very formal - do things their way, their setup their indentation style, until you know why you will do it differently. On the side set up and administer a real live service that has real live people using it. Could be a start up. Could be a saas for a local charity. The main thing is to get a feel for the problems of running a live service. Do this for 6 months - year. Also exercise and eat well, you may as well. Check back here every few months and after six months, go look for jobs. You will be amazed how much less daunting that whiteboard. Free advice - worth every Penny > His office was nicknamed the Hot Tub on account of the heat they generated. Most days his stack of window air conditioners could keep up. I ran the servers for a whole company like that, everyday thinking that's totally unprofessional but it is effective. After we went to our own raised floor cold room, I still never felt it was that much more reliable. Cleaner, more polished yes. But 80% of the effect for 20% of cost is usually a good deal. Fitting out your server room from the local hardware store felt like a successful hack. > Unions are a cancer I don't wish to start a flame war so I shall be measured here. Unions came in to being to fight massive, widespread exploration of workers that today would be considered criminal. Unions are still required for their original purpose across the globe ( http://en.m.wikipedia.org/wiki/Foxconn_suicides ) I agree that the USA has been curiously free of unionisation (having 5% of your population as illegal indentured servants probably helps) but most western countries have had the unions win their important battles and it will take a while, if ever, before unions as they were in late 19c early 20c will be needed again oddly it feels like movements such as occupy are going to become the new union movement. Anyway my point was that unions = cancer is such a self evidently wrong thing to say for billions of workers that it even makes cancer cringe. I agree capital investment generates wealth. Unions represent one means of distributing (not re-distribuing) that wealth - ensure that the labour used to transform x into wealth get a larger share of pie so they can for example afford schooling this increasing the speed of wealth creation. Unions get credit for distributing wealth to the workers faster than owners of capital would do, and for defending individuals against exploration ( and the point isthat without unions (or other organised collective action) each of us is an explotable individual) As for the bad things, I just ask what I would choose to do in that situation. HN top choice is start up a competing foxconn that treats workers better. But I fully understand the other thought process: if the other guy has an army and enforces discipline it would be foolish of you if you thought individual spirit and the invisible hand were going to be any damn use so for my money unions are just the more militant end of a spectrum that has co-operatives and workers collectives somewhere in the middle and Cadbury on the far end. All of the spectrum is about how to distribute the new wealth being generated. It does not all have to go to the owners of capital ( frankly I feel the term Capitalism is misnamed. I would prefer unimpededmarketpricesignalling but is suspect it won't catch on:-) [edit: can't spell on iPhone plus went off on a tangent. But I would be very interested if anyone knows of research on effect on blue collar wages of the massive influx of illegal workers into USA. This is something the UK as an island has little of. This is extremely common in my experience (and the corrollary effect - we cannot refactor that code, it will be too expensive to retest. Dont touch that code path, add a new one with cut and paste) Anyway, it is possible to bring Agile to a large organisation, but it generally needs first to solve tooling and build problems - I would not start a single sprint until there was source control, complete automated build, and enough tests to be reasonable. Amazing how much pain can be endured by teams. That much pain can teach you not to care. Internet's killer app will be interactive. But the Hollywood killer will be a passive mode of consumption (I still do like just to be entertained) Add to this the rise of Facebook and I would do the following. Put a microphone and speaker in the corner of each room of the dorms at MIT or Yale (not cameras note, we know where that will lead). let people talk to their friends, whilst not "using" a device. Let others listen. Vote up conversations. Eventually most people are listening in to the most interesting conversation in College. I would love it to scale so I can spend an evening listening to the most interesting conversation in the world. Reality TV, Social Media, no longer shouting through to the next room. It's got everything. I'm dubious just how much relevance social signals add. And for me this is the crux of the matter. It looks like google is just chasing after facebook, with the sole intention of monetizing those lovely social graphs. That might not be evil, but it loses you a lot of goodwill. Telling the cows they are monetisabke beef units will hurt Daisy's feelings. If the google search page came with some means of showing the raw search and the adjusted ones, we might be willing to give them the benefit of the doubt (I.e. Your results, plus the raw duckduckgo equivalent, plus the ones based on your past search history but ignoring your google+ account etc) google is search, and the other posts are right - they forget that at their peril. But they can be forgiven the other dalliances if they can show us how those products made search better Actually we might not bridge the gap ( http://m.techcrunch.com/2011/08/21/software-is-eating-all-th... ) The Luddites were right - technology does destroy jobs. The hope is that new technology creates new jobs fast enough to replenish it is just a hope. I am willing to bet a largeish sum of money that had such a test been around for literacy sometime in 1870 when mass education in the uk started in earnest, we would have found a double hump of people who had a consistent mental model of sentence construction, story arcs, past and future tenses. The fact almost everyone has same mental model now is down to very early age education. When your parents are literate you will be too. It's possible this test could be done today in countries with terribly low rates of literacy The Tina Fey autobiography / jokebook had an interesting comment - one of her mentors explained that the role of a (TV) Producer was to reign in / prevent creativity. The idea was you had hired amazingly creative people, and if you did not provide necessary constraints the whole would be way less than the parts. (the example was asking the props dept for a teacup. No not on a silver platter the reflection will kill the camera, no not with sugar tongs these are simple countryfolk etc etc) Steve Jobs is just an extreme example of this role - provide a common vision, explain the constraints and edit edit edit the great ideas coming at you. (nb editing is not the same as directing, something I tend to forget I my code reviews - an editor should accept a brilliant idea and change the other work to fit it in, a director, directs...) Ben-law.co.uk this was such a wildly popular (for channel 4) programme that they did a follow up. He had built an extension for his new family (single originally, and let's face it the project was a form of therapy) and was / is now making a small income teaching others how to do it. My concern, and only real defence of the construction industry, is there probably are not enough hillsides and trees to go round. But as one living opposite a building site, yes, the construction industry can stand to learn one or two sustainability lessons We have struggled to get a BIOS that is Free / Libre And where does this leave us now? Just because Ubuntu is free, if the phone manufacturers start to get trusted mobile computing (tm) disease, we are still in trouble. "Curated" is still not free And there are some obvious holes - you cant carry a monitor around with you. So you need docking stations to plug into. Do you trust the keyboard in the Public library not to watch your keystrokes? Isn't this the "all politicians are untrustworthy" problem. Politicians are not any more untrustworthy or criminal than the general populace, they are just more closely watched . And the same is obviously true of those 'under observation' - psychiatric disorders or not. I am not sure just how many of my strange habits would be diagnosed under the DSM - but enough to worry me :-) What I want most is to tie this into my phone (iPhone but willing to swap if there really is not an app for that) I assume this should be easy but I don't knwo how have all my contacts sync'd to gmail (doable) have all my mails to a contact tracked (standard email functionality, plus seems to be what this post is about) have all my calls to from a contact not only kept on my phone but also exported and synched Ba k to this crm bonus points for an app that let's me add notes after a call and syncs those too amazingly enough I had this on an old nokia n95 back in the day. Don't forget XXX, fix this and a variety of swear words in different languages I have written two or three apps over the years that parse source code for this and others, but nothing ever satisfying really felt right. If anyone has something perfect do shout. Will Schumpter win out here? Presumably in a perfect labour market competant women will leave companies like this and go work for the non sexist competition I believe that will be true for companies that do not embrace for example lean product discovery or software as transformative. But I just don't think the labour Market is really perfect enough to make this kind of difference but even so, start looking at jobsites. You won't change them, and if you leave for good reasons, good employers will understand. The wikipedia Page ( http://en.m.wikipedia.org/wiki/Keep_Calm_and_Carry_On ) has some interesting links. I am amazed this is genuine - I had thought it was faux antique too. Sometimes things can be too good and true it seems edit: Bit of a rewrite, added link Re Lockyy - the trend of people downvoting and then continuing to argue with someone is annoying. Sometimes the font is so small I literally cannot read what has upset people is this a technically solvable problem - if you downvote doyou then get your reply link taken away? Is this actually a problem or are downvoters different people to those who keep on arguing? The biggest lesson I see here is how much family solidarity and positive expectations makes in a childs education and life. Without her male tribe, and presumably the female tribe who sent the male tribe along, Reg's mum would have taken a different path. As a father of a young family with a spotty family past I wanted to focus on things I knew for my children. Perhaps I need to focus more on building that kind of supportive family or pseudo family. Inspiring stories have a tendancy to inspire things not first thought of. Thank you To me it's the plausibility that matters even if this is not real ( the fraud is clearly real and probably not rare, the scale is the thing at issue) even if it's not real, there is little to suppose it cannot be real. Social security numbers are / used to be a simplettransposition of date of birth iirr it's how do we prevent such frauds - and if we do it's still a clever dos attack on the IRS. 10 million fraudulent tax returns. How do you deal with that except manual review? The attitude "never say anything you would not want tosee published" is wrong. When you say something (online) you are publishing it all those pub conversations, all those vitriolic diatribes against managers (whom we later bacame) are packed up and put into a book called read me later we have all been writing appendicies to the Viz Swearosaurus Interesting. That is a common trend I have noticed - there is some class of dev whose job becomes serving the internal business on an adhoc basis your manager can either stop it by charging your time back to the requestor ( I would suggest you track the requests -send emails sayi g Bob you wanted a new sales report, it's third on list and expect it 9am) or he can explicitly Market you to the business - what I previously did. And it is a powerful weapon for your manager. The higher ups feel well treated and the department gets all it's interrupts funnelled thru one person, who in your case seems good at it and happy to do it but I strongly suggest you track the work, and push the marketing value of what you do. I'm giving up FreeBSD today. I've built Departments and platforms on the old faithful OS, I even blog about it - but my contracts demand skype or even Oracle and whilst you can sort of get those things working I no longer can afford the extra time to make it work Ubuntu just managed to auto install X on a chipset I could not get working manually, and so I am going to Linux land for my workstations. The contracts will require Linux and windows servers so Freebsd will run my in office DNS for now the network effects of things like dropbox skype and so on are having their effect. I have gone from feeling my OS choice is a secretweapon to a drain on time and effectiveness it's not a good feeling for diversity Anyone else? Thanks. I may be giving up too easily. I think I will upgrade to core i7 laptop and run virtualbox soon too. Well, Nokia's cultural competance is making mobile communication devices on a radio network. (They are still doing this well in Asia/Africa). But the mobile is now a PC. Microsoft's cultural competance according to the OP is helping businesses make more efficient use of PCs under their control. But mobiles are now consumer items out of control of businesses. So it does not bode well. But it does indicate Nokia / winphone should go after RIMs lunch and not chase Apple, so I think the framework for analysis suggested is pretty useful. I am in the process of trying this and it has become much less simple. Certainly for HSBC a remote account opening is considered "next to impossible" - it requires above branch level sponsorship from the bank which in practise means turnover 1m+. I am told US anti terror laws have made a big impact on opening non resident accounts in past few months I am hoping I can workaround the problems but my bank managers expectations are low - I may be visitin the states sooner than planned. So far the trouble has been - a flat out "no way." need to work around that, but I doubt it is going to be quick or cheap. Them's the breaks. Oh come on! No-one stands the remotest chance of getting viable amounts of rock down from space for another two generations. We don't have any mechanism to get the rocks down (a space anchor - not even remotely close to necessary material strength / weight ratio), let alone the ability to survive journeys to closest rocks. Give it 20 years of people living on the moon or Mars and solving the supply, radiation and working problems, then I will believe we might risk throwing a megatonne of iridium at Earth orbit. But great way for rich dreamers to hob nob with other rich dreamers. Enjoy it folks. Just don't invest. SpaceX is about commercialising an already-achieved process (ascending into Space and returning safely to Earth). We know we can do it - can we do it cheaper, or with different re-entry profiles? And to be honest, with the record of successful unmanned missions to Mars (running at what, about evens just to make it to the surface) I am not holding out hope. My best guess will be space-swarm -launch 500 independent solar powered motors, fling them at the general direction of a rock, and hope the 20 that attach can nudge it in side the moons orbit, where a later permanent colony can grab it. Smashing into the moon is less damaging. Hell, just bang it straight into the moon and pick up the pieces later on. Damn, from "it'll never work" to "why not try it this way guys" in less than an hour. Need to work on curmudgeonly. Still, even if it's on the moon, we cannot get it back to earth without the same risks. And picking it up from the moon, yeah we have guys just waiting around right now. Ah, back to curmudgeon - hello old friend:-) +1 to uWSGI and nginx. Now wsgi is built into nginx distribution, and uwsgi is gaining areputation for rock solid performance it's a nobrainer. Regarding virtualenv, I have come to the conclusion that Linux containers are robust enough now (like freebsd jails say two or three years ago) that I don't need to virtualise just python - I can afford to have the whole server as a "virtualenv" - no need for that extra complexity just install into site packages. No conflicts because a whole instance is dedicated. Jails take this to the limit - one virtual machine, one process - say Bind. A vulnerability in Bind ? The attacker takes over ... Nothing. Did anyone else think "no, they cannot really be releasing a car the drives itself already?" Just me then. I think it was the yes really that got me. Sadly, still no dropbox-alike for FreeBSD. Would swap in an instant. A late reply but I don't just want the python environment virtualised - if it's important enough that I should section off python, then there is a good chance I will want to consider the whole box as a single unit, python, firewall rules, database what ever. I tend to think the unit of abstraction should not be the python process, but the server. This is a little easier to grasp when you think of BSD jails where essentially you can choose to only run those processes that actually mTter - it's less virtualised and os than pick and mix an os. Apologies for late reply - I guess I am straightening it out in my head more than telling anyone else. So, now that this is out, what do the admins for these compromis-able systems do. Presumably RuggedCom has not got a patch out yet, so they just sit there? Not a good day. not so long ago botnets were used to blackmail sites into paying DDOS "protection". Ifyou knew enough to command a piece ofplant to exceed it's design parameters you could blackmail quite effectively. Stuxnet but for profit. What ! Russia landed a probe on the moon during Armstrong's moonwalk! Incredible. The moon, or Times Square? Who could tell. I believe that these errors are so common they represent a Cognitive bias on the part of programmers. At some point every developer wants to execute a one line command and have the system "do something". If they cannot get that one line, then they have two options. - Wrap up more abstraction code, until one line executes (the SOAP solution), or think deeply about what you are trying to do and take things away until one line is clear and obvious (The REST solution) Promise you will deliver the refactored code in a week, set out some metrics, ship it. The other devs will be happy someone improved the code. Like the guy said, it's better they ship what they want than not ship what you want Brilliant IMO That rather depends on who you pay and how convincing their invoices look. 20 folks on here could create a convincing Eco system of sub contractors and out sourcers - spend 20k on equipment and rest on salaries, you can spend most of yourdays on the yc startup subsidised by the game income or is that sounding like actual work? The most worrying part of all this is a growing sense, perhaps not even such a definite movement, that the US government / political class is no longer trustworthy with it's citizens taxes. Western governments are trapped by politcical stalemates and an underlying shift of economic power, and find they cannot / darent risk change in flawed fundamental policy no matter who is in power. no wonder many on HN support Apple in paying less tax, if you don't think the government will spend it wisely even of you vote for some other guy. So Ron Paul starts to look like a clear thinker But is there really an option. Can we expect to do away with vast amounts of government and find it works better? Because that is a one time experiment. So how are you calculating my (horribly low) score? I am guessing each accepted pull request counts ten, or something but I am interested in the algorithm. Like democracy, it's Pretty hard to game followers. Thank you. It has the ring of a deep truth. But, Michael Arrington == Casey Kasem. There is an interesting analogy. Not really. You write pacman as the lecturer tells you, the templates and direction (s)he gave you are not yours. After two weeks sweat, take what you have learnt and write a game using pygame, or a browser based seduction game using anonymous twitter accounts and pinterest images. Anything really. That's yours, the skills you have learnt are yours. Thank your lecturer publicly when you IPO That's It. I finally broke. I have been reading for going on two years about SOPA, PIPA, GCHQ snaffling everything in sight. And this is the straw that broke the camel's back. I have just ... written to my MP. Dammit. It will achieve nothing, but I am going to keep pushing. I know why they are doing this, but ... please please please, stop choking off industries that might just help us compete against the global behemoths down the road. This is a real attempt to go after a market that has been trying to exist for a while. Back in the late 90's i laughed at Salesforce pitch people coming in dragging two carry-ons on wheels - one for the laptop one for the projector. Now they can slip them into pockets. Its a real market, and the next step is I put down my phone as a projector, you control the projector from your phone. Well said, there is enough FUD around how to translate programming into engineering that adding some unknowable mystique to it will not help. How do you go about it, may I ask? I am close to exhausting my network and not seeing a breakthrough stream. May I ask if you registered for W-8BEN exception for the work in the US - and how much effort was getting the EIN / TIN? I am having fun with that right now The problem with this is viewable on freelancer.com and other sites. Once you can be sure a coder will do good work remotely, then you can get a coder to do some work from anywhere on the planet, and those who have a much lower cost of living will happily undercut those who dont. It may be the single biggest driver against the growth of cities. from vrmd.fabric.ubuntu.deploy import Deployment How do you differentiate builds on say redhat / BSD / windows as opposed to Ubuntu ? I would guess vrmd.fabric.fedora.deploy contains a lot of the same code except for pathname changes? Weird - I was totally blind to the top box - I ignored it because it was too banner like and kept scanning the results. Note to DDG - put the cool useful bit Under the place we all expect ads to be. Thank you. Today GIMP made my day because I discovered it reads xwd format so my screen capture is now as simple as I like it (xwd > ~/foo). Thank you dev team, it's worth it really. Cheers If your cats sit on your head at 5am to remind you to feed them, then if your auto-feeder thinks 5am is another hour off, your cats will not. they will howl and sit on your head, only now its 4am. Arbitrary change or not, at 4 am cat on face always wins I have one of those invisi-blogs too http://ciocookbook.com/philosophy/thecodeisthedesign.html Jack Reeves is the man here though - writing source code is designing the product. Before code can be written you need to take all the trade offs, the decisions and the research (or just make wild assumptions). Once you have source code, it has been designed. Which is why instead of sending out a 12 page form telling a client they need to think harder about something they don't understand, put out version 0.1, and ask them what they want changed.