That's disingenuous --that's called reported speech. (in reported speech, tenses go back one). The team pictures have obvious heavy shadows from a single flash. Otherwise, looks promising, I might give them a try next time round. The easy interface to map-data editing is quite nice. As others have said, Taiwan is very foreigner friendly -moreso if you are willing to Learn Mandarin (it's cheap), albeit with a TW accent. If you move to the south, then Taiwanese is also important, but you can get by with Chinese. English does not go far beyond foreign bars and western companies. Couple of things. In the north the weather can be miserable in winter --humid/rainy and cold. It hardly drops to freezing, but it's bone chilling. In the south you have to think about pollution. It's really bad and it's dreadfully hot in the summer --I mean intolerably hot (most of the time it's ok b/c you're indoors with AC, but once you step outside you get drenched within a minute. There's an expression for respiratory problems people might develop in the industrial south "Kaohsiung Lung" for a kind of cough which some people develop in response to the pollution. Some good things, taxes are quite reasonable. People are friendly and most things are relatively cheap -unless you are looking at Japanese and Western products, then they are expensive. You can drive w/o a license pretty much without repercussions, but if you're staying long, go thru the process, it's worth it. Healthcare, it's taken care of for you when you get a job. Co-pay is ridiculously low. Procedures are low. The medicine is pretty much up to standard, but realize most hospitals are privately owned by millionaires. Food is abundant and available at all hours of the day and night -for cheap. Again, unless you are looking for excellent Japanese or Western food, then you pay. Utilities are cheap. While apartments and condos are great, houses are weird. They are these weird 4 to 6 story very narrow monstrosities with very bad usability design, in my opinion. Government offices, from my experiences were very efficient --nothing required hour waits nor return visits (unless you forget a document). Documents are simple --but you need to understand Chinese of have someone help you). Housing is cheap, unless you need to live in a "western compound" then it gets expensive. Other bad things: traffic. Unless you can use the MRT (in Kaohsiung or Taipei) you will have to ride a scooter (or drive a car). Don't get into an accident. You will most likely have to pay a settlement fee -esp being a foreigner. There is no "central heating" so get used to cold winters in TPE. You run out of places to visit quite soon, so you might have to hop over to Japan. Driving is kind of ruleless. Well, they have rules but most people ignore them so it's very chaotic. There are no sidewalks. It looks like they exist, but they don't. What look like sidewalks are actually private property, most of the time used for scooter parking or for business fronts. The "sidewalk" are the actual streets --but since they are the street proper, they are dangerous --which is why people ride scooters for a half block errand (it seemed ridiculous at first, but it makes sense as you will earn). Crime exists but for the most part, it's hidden from westerners --just don't try to pick up or look at a gangster's GF or whatever and you'll be ok -however, this is unlikely to happen, unless you go to "local bars"/KTVs/Touch-touch places as opposed to foreigner bars. "Gangsters" sport tattoos, short hair and some chew betel nut (bing lan). Guns are few, but knives are plentiful. Good luck. It's not really relying on Google's search solutions at all. It's relying on users' search behavior. It's coincidental that they (users) use Google and that they happen to always click on the bogus result --when no other data are available. Their method, when no data is available for a search term, is to sometimes (7 out of 100?) rely on human ranked results (in this case gamed by Google) via user behavior gathered with their toolbar. It'd be interesting to find out if Bing was only using behavioral results of Google users or they recorded behavior by users of all search engines. Unfortunately, Google don't seem to have conducted an A/B test to find out, so it ended up with confirmation bias. Their own pre-emptive attempt at exculpation "So you’re upset that Apple wouldn’t approve your money-grubbing stupid idea?" is pretty much my sentiment. Come back when you have a legit gripe. Just because others get away with something is no reason you should get away with same. "Hey, officer, I saw other people speeding too and you didn't cite them, not fair!" Hmm, ok. I think you actually compared yourself to happy-fart or something, but whatever. In any event, it's as if you would deny them "learning". I would refer to any legal code. You can observe it change with time in order to adjust to behavior, attitudes, mores, technology, etc. Imagine the crime boss "Hey, IRS (the US tax board), that was legal last year, how come you took away my loophole?" Now, granted, the IRS has to go thru a process to implement code changes, but this is an analogy to illustrate that codification requires change over time. It'd be shortsighted to want to limit the change regimen from ad hoc to periodic, for your convenience. Sense of humor; is that even germane to anything? Would it have been better if they had cited some cells from xkcd? Is it possible the £585 is a standard fee regardless of simplicity or complexity? i.e. oil change, $40. (no matter it's an easy access filter or complicated filter change) I think the question might better be, why don't Americans travel overseas? Then compare that to how many non-Americans travel overseas. What I'm getting at is that in a small country, you deplete exploration of your own country quickly. In larger places like America, Australia, Canada, China, Russia, one has lots to discover at home and "abroad" can be very far away for many in the interior. Whereas, places like Europe, Middle East, South America are made up (mostly) by relatively small countries, so going abroad could be a 5 hour drive or train ride. When Europeans go south for the Summer (or Winter) they go to another country, almost necessarily; in the US or other large countries, Summer beaches or Winter slopes are in the same country, hence no need to travel outside the country. I think this question of travel deserves another metric to take the distance and geographic discrepancies into account. I think they're trying to be funny. It certainly does not come across as funny, however. So, if they really seek a sales and marketing person, they should avoid using loaded words like monkey, droid, etc. See the satirical post about the terms rockstar and ninja, as it refers to employees. http://news.ycombinator.com/item?id=2180233 >"...but I wish the author had done more research instead of going for a gotcha." That's a bit of irony right there, isn't it? --wow, Matt, I guess it cuts both ways, eh? It's no secret that a fair number of commenters throughout the controversy have sided with Google's or Bing's side. Some people have thought that the initial story came to a premature conclusion (where, incidentally, Bing cried foul). Now we have Jacques, it appears, arriving at premature conclusion as well and we have Google crying foul. To me, that's the essence of irony. I'm sure both Google Search and Bing have your reasons for the way the dirty laundry has been brought out in public. Yeah, I think if you're going to scout the city and want to get a feel for what it would be like to live in SF (rather than vicinity, which is completely different) you should want to spend at least two weeks in SF. I would say stay at an AirBnB for lodging. I think that will give you a better window into what daily life might look like for you. A hotel is going to be disengaged. "Silicon Valley" kind of has as its epicenter in Palo-Alto. However, that really is a rough geographic description. Most mature companies are HQd in SF or San Jose (those are the normal boundaries). SF has companies and startups, tho most could be considered companies which use web-technologies to provide services (AirBnB, Yelp, Craigslist) whereas peninsula companies might fit more the web-infrastructure and platformy (Google, VMware, Verisign, FB) side of things. Mountain View-Santa Clara-San Jose is more Hardware (Intel, Cisco, IBM). That's overly simplified. It's just to give you some rough bearing. UC Berkeley is 30 mins away via Rapid Trainsit (Bart), Stanford U is about 1hr from SF on Commuter Rail (CalTrain) SF is a bit expensive to live in, as a student with little income. Your situation might be different. Many people share rent or the sort, to make things more affordable, if they do want to remain in SF. However, that introduces the vagaries that come with having roommates. You can look for upcoming events you might want to check out here http://sf.funcheap.com/events/san-francisco/ Lodgning at: airbnb.com look at rent info: http://hotpads.com/ also http://sfbay.craigslist.org/sfc/hhh/ Proto- Startup Culture, maybe a quick stop at Hacker Dojo? http://wiki.hackerdojo.com/w/page/25437/FrontPage (It's in the middle of a middle-aged non-descript office park, but it's reachable via Caltrain Mountain View Station ~10 min walk) Can you imagine: "My dad said he wasn't going to sign that FTA with [country X]" "No, I heard him say he really can't stand senator [from state X]. "My mom and I will be going shopping at [some store] at around 2." "Yeah, I actually saw the King of [country] in the oval office --It's supposed to be a secret." Not saying their daughters would have loose lips as exemplified above, and the example are highly unlikely as they would be trained to avoid such statements, but you could imagine people mining what they say to try to infer from what they post and extrapolate as well. It would be a profitable mine for the opposition as well as for any wrong-doers. >1. Hire someone from Microsoft to run the company Except, he was only at Microsoft a year and a half and before that he was with Juniper Networks and before that with Adobe Systems. What I mean is, he knows more about Microsoft and how their offerings might fit in at Nokia (than say an OS by a company he's not familiar with), but it's a stretch to couch it as if he was an old time Microsoft employee who is going to force Microsoft on Nokia. I think you mis-interpreted him. He actually said he believed that all the articles he submitted for deletion were deserving. He did however, say that if people really felt that he was being mis-guided, by following protocol, then, instead of leaving messages on his talk page, he would suggest people work on fixing WP notability guidelines. When he said "fixing" I don't get the feeling _he_ thinks it's broken but rather is acknowledging other people's take (as evidence) and lead him to believe that there could be room for improvement. To me this shows that he believes things are ok, but he would agree to any changes if the community thought changes were necessary. That's quite reasonable to me. That's quite different from the allegation. (That he thought they were wrong but just followed the guidelines anyway. Or have I missed another quote where the allegation is true? >The problem with the Wolfram Alpha terms of service is that they forbid natural, common uses of the web site. It seems that that only applies to general circumstance usage. That is, it appears, once can enter into arrangements with W|A to allow non-human usage of website. To prove, just search for "calories in apples", for example in Bing or Google search. I think they were referring to the annual drills institutionalized in Japan. From the drills conducted annually, people knew how to react to disasters, whereas people who don't experience drills (in, say SEA) ignored the warnings or didn't know how to react since they had no reference. To me, the way they "love" nature, is a bit different form the nature I'm used to. Nature means a weekend walk in the park -meanwhile many riparian areas have simply been paved over. So the love for nature is a little different. It's more "human tamed nature". It's kind of like when humans (yama girls) outnumber trees that you know it's not really nature. Agree with the rest though. >there's no looting because the Government's emergency response is very good... That wasn't particularly the case during the great Hanshin EQ of 1995. I think they did try to improve gov't response to disasters since then. So, yes, I believe they have faith in the gov't, but it's not because of a stellar record. The city, is just too enamored with itself, especially when the city is represented by the BOS. If SF wants to behave like this, (making a tax grab) they'll likely end up alienating what they're attempting to co-opt. You hear SF trying to ride the coattails of stratups everywhere. SF the 'heart of silicon valley', 'the epicenter of entrepreneurship', etc, etc. but on the other hand, it s as if they want to do as much as they can to drive job-growing business away and let SF just become the kitchen/dining room to silicon valley. Maybe i am too, but I can't figure out how SF is "giving" [the companies] wealth? Said companies are earning their own wealth. SF is not "giving" it to them, I'm sure. Let's say you were going to lease storage (physical) and outfit A had a flat fee of 50/mo. Outfit B had a flat fee of 70/mo plus appreciation on the goods you stored. Let's say 20/mo difference had negligible impact on your disposable income. Who would you choose? If you have a choice, why choose the costliest one? >The problem that is being solved is that if Twitter or Zynga leaves San Francisco and continues to grow and hire people in their new location, that will be used against the current politicians in upcoming elections Maybe, but what you're saying is politicians are more interested in the politics in and of itself than really serving the citizens. They should do what they think will benefit the majority of the citizenry with disregard what it will do to their political 'career'. One other pet peeve I have with the city is its requirement that construction jobs must include a large percentage of city residents. This is a city which prides itself in being open and welcoming of the whole gamut of locals and all immigrant types. How does that reconcile? What if San Mateo county got the itch and said, you know what, anyone not from San Mateo working in San Mateo will be levied a non-resident payroll tax. I'm going to agree with you (portman). I think it's obvious that hopping on a plane and thinking one will be of any use on the ground is grossly misguided. Yes. Absolutely. However to dismiss aid saying "we're a rich country, we can handle it" sounds strange. On average, the country is rich, yes. On the ground, each one of the people huddled in shelters is not rich (wealthy). These are people who will not have jobs for some time to come. The government itself is massively in debt (over 200% of GDP). So, to assume the voice for the whole country, especially the devastated areas, while seated in a comfy 2DK in Tokyo rings a little hollow. A bit like the emperor going on TV _days_ after the event and pretty much just saying, I'm with you, persevere, we're all suffering, look, I'm even forgoing the convenience of electricity for two hours a day (what? what? what does that even mean?) I'd say give aid organizations which can help in the affected areas. People are going to be displaced for a _long_ time, they will need food, medicines, supplies, etc. This is not going to be over in a month. Money will be needed to help these people survive while they sort their lives out. In addition, Japan being a country of relatively old people, there are quite a few who have no relatives. Or the relatives live very far away and cannot help. I know you're proud of Japan. I would hope all foreigners in every country would adopt their new homeland they way you have. Still, I think you should drop the pride a little and understand the gravity of the situation with a little more humility. Does Japan need any more foreign reporters who don't know Japanese to report on the tragedy? They encumber Japan less by sending fewer reporters. I see this as a win-win. They can send more, in-depth, reporters when things have settled so they can do their investigative stuff and give some insight. Sending people right now would be more or less taking advantage of a fresh disaster story and riding it till it had no more to give. I don't see how it's a bad thing that they're not sending more reporters to Japan. Keeps the sensationalism down, puts less strain on a strained infrastructure, etc. Also, tax laws change yearly, so it's not as static as some might believe it to be. I dunno, but it seems to be his main issue is what might amount to bragging and boasting which he appears to have encountered in his dealings. It seems to be, to a degree, a protest against conformity to a programming culture he's encountered. He wants to live his programming life as he sees fit, not so much as others seem to assume he would align with? I'd place a good bet it's not endemic of capitalist economic systems. Put another way, government and business (private or state or otherwise) necessarily operate with one another (co-operate). So implying that it's a trait solely of capitalism is not genuine. What's the context of that? Confidential in that they, the company, will not disclose it but to those they are required by law? Or confidential as in you may not disclose it to anyone, but by law? I can't imagine how a piece of information which belongs to you can be controlled by a company. I mean, you cannot possibly mean you are not allowed to inform the IRS how much you earned, right? While I can feel some sympathy, I can't feel outrage. It's not outrageous. They did not delete the content -they moved it (at first she complained about losing her data, then retrenched to complaining about broken links -so what was the real problem? She does not own the URL, the site operator does. She made assumptions which proved untrue. The result of such is unfortunate and inconvenient. It's worthy of a rant of displeasure with how they reach name collision resolution -but it's hardly an affront to the person. That is to question the "disappeared me" harking to military summary executions of actual physical people? (not online handle). If anything, that's an outrage in itself. A delusion(?) of importance. I think it's basically a problem of disconnect in expectations. TL;DR. My data was deleted -I'm upset. Oh, wait, it wasn't; It was moved. I'm pissed anyway. I could only expect what they outline in their TOSes. However, that said, mail is different in that mixing signals (email intended for me going into a mailbox now under control of someone else) might leave them open to liability, depending on what kind of information could be compromised). So, I don't think that would be a valid comparison. Look, her basic argument was her data (content) was lost, then, learning it wasn't, revised the complaint to, my links are broken. That's moving the goalpost. That was my main point. It's an inflammatory word whose use is designed to associate with despicable and unpleasant deeds. It's in bad taste to dilute the meaning of the word for personal vanity. I stand corrected. That seems onerous. Not sure all parts of that would stand up in court, if that's a civil company (non-TLA gov't dept't). Seriously, to my non-lawyer ears, that sounds more like CYA/intimidation than enforceable contract. (more or less like those signs at parking garages where they absolve themselves of liability with a sign saying so). Correct me if I'm wrong, but trademark law does not come into the picture here at all. It's a name collision. Resolution of such are generally relegated to site operator. No one is claiming she's infringing on their trademark, as far as I know. I saw these people too. Some times I used to pre-sort my garbage so they could easily pick up the stuff they wanted -cardboard and containers from the building dumpster. An observation was that they seemed dedicated and hard working. It kind of changed my way of looking at how people deal with limited opportunities. In TW destitute people are just hard working. I was very impressed by that. They find something to do --just something. I didn't see alcohol or drug abuse. I didn't see resentment toward people who were better off. It seemed like a more practical approach without psychological overlays. I don't think it was accepted as fate, rather it seemed like a calculus of "this is what I can do, it's hard, but I can eke out a living without depending on someone/something" Beside that, it was kind of weird coming up on them in the middle of the night pushing their carts in the middle of traffic. That part seemed really dangerous. When I came back to the States, this experience skewed my view of how I perceive people at the fringes in the US who seem more likely to give up on their circumstance. It just seems more self-destructive without having to be. I use Passpack. Uses a password and a packing key -you have the option to use a yubikey as well. You can read up http://www.passpack.com/en/faq/ >In Asia only Japan has decent well run prisons, but their prisons are harsh while still having a high success rate. just to clarify for others. The high conviction success rate in japan has to do with at least two things: 1. Only cases which have high chances of success are pursued (so you get cases where "people fell down a staircase". 2. Detainees have little expectation of talking to an attorney any time soon. Confessions, co-erced or otherwise, are sought after with vigor by the police. From Wikipedia "Confessions are often obtained after long periods of questioning by police. This can, at times, take weeks or months during which time the suspect is in detention and can be prevented from contacting a lawyer or family.[2] Thus, since the suspect is put through prolonged strain, stress and pressure, the reliability of such confessions can be questioned. To Japanese citizens and police, however, the arrest itself already creates the presumption of guilt which needs only to be verified via a confession.[2] The interrogation reports prepared by police and prosecutors and submitted to the trial courts often constitute the central evidence considered when weighing the guilt or innocence of the suspect.[3]" Not knowing the details, it becomes difficult to analyze fully and fairly. Still, if you get a request in writing, from a superior, which would exculpate you from possible negligence for allegedly improperly divulging information, if that's what he truly believed, that should have alleviated the issue. Instead, from the outside, at least, it seemed as if he was unreasonably steadfast in his stance, despite pleas from the mayor (pre-jailhouse visit). It was as though he thought his interpretation of policy superseded the authority of the people or office who/which set out the policy. As I recall the events, it was almost as though he became a prisoner of his own doing. Once he made a stance, it become very difficult for him to back down. As if saving face was a very important aspect of the ordeal. Of course, that's just my personal projection, perhaps. Four years and 1.5 million is too harsh, in my view. Yet, he did deserve some punishment for his actions. The old word in english for vocabulary/glossary was 'wordhoard'. The influence of Latin displaced its usage though. Another linguistic curiosity in English, is that, for some people, when there are two English words with equivalent meaning and one is originally English and the other originally Latin, some people will feel the Latin-derived word more weighty or of higher status than the English word. For example: It's eminently clear she does not desire it. vs. It's utterly clear she does not want it. Or expression: Pardon me? vs. What? I think if this worked like setting 'an alarm time' on iOS, it would work. I can't see how one would know where a dial's 'rotation' stopped; specially if the 'dials' always started from a random digit. Let's say your combo is 74798; one occasion the unlock shows 31920, next 88935, etc. but never opening the phone on a collision. So if it lands on 74798 (your current combo), it would not unlock the phone automatically. passpack already provides the ability to generate one-time passwords. Flickr has a pretty good solution to this. You can create public groups, private groups and invite-only groups. Yeah. I think when you see three corners of a 4-way intersection with gas stations it obviously involves zoning as mentioned and traffic volume enough to sustain the three service stations. Where you have lots of volume in multiple directions, there is enough to sustain multiple stations --they in turn eliminate U-turns and crossing traffic in multi-lane roads/highways. I don't often see consecutive stations on the same side of the highway/road --tho I do occasionally (19th ave in SF, for example). Anecdotally CalTRain ridership picks up at around $4.25/gal. more or less. So, it's possible they are on to something. Next car I get, I would like to get a hybrid --to insure [hedge] against future gas price increases, rather than a way to save now. Wouldn't the analog(ue) be framing? Just because one can frame people (on-line or IRL) doesn't mean the system is flawed. It just means there are people out there willing to have someone else be the fall-person as an end, or as a distraction to buy time in order to escape (or allow the trail of evidence to tail off/go cold.) I think he's saying that people can redefine a problem so that it's no longer their problem. Defining the problem out, rather than actually addressing it. In this case, instead of addressing (usability?) issues, the perceived problem, rather than being addressed head on, is redefined as being at the feet of the user, thus transferring responsibility and absolving oneself. (I.e "It works for me"!) I think that's what they were saying. Not necessarily. Whether or not that is a sincere claim, I think it's saying they are the antithesis of "by any means necessary", more like "we have a set of (conscientious) principles to guide us". The data retention portion of the bill: "`(h) Retention of Certain Records- A provider of an electronic communication service or remote computing service shall retain for a period of at least 18 months the temporarily assigned network addresses the service assigns to each account, unless that address is transmitted by radio communication (as defined in section 3 of the Communications Act of 1934).'" EFF interpretation: "The data retention mandate in this bill would treat every Internet user like a criminal and threaten the online privacy and free speech rights of every American, as lawmakers on both sides of the aisle have recognized. Requiring Internet companies to redesign and reconfigure their systems to facilitate government surveillance of Americans' expressive activities is simply un-American." So they're wanting to mandate IP records from ISPs. How does that equate to treating people like criminals and threaten on-line privacy, etc. I thought the default notion was to treat the internet as if it was all out in the open for anyone to see and read. I actually sympathize with them, but this is very hyperbolic and ridicules the argument, to me. Also, factually incorrect as it would also affect foreigners living in America, irrespective of whether they are in fact, American. This reminds me of Gerrard Winstanley, a Digger, who said, quite eloquently, speaking of the Norman yoke: "Oh, thou City, thou hypocritical City ! Thou blindfold, drowsy England, that sleeps and snorts in the bed of covetousness, awake, awake ! The enemy is upon thy back, he is ready to scale the walls and enter possession, and wilt thou not look out? By, then, of course, it was too late. Here's how I feel about the events: ABNB reacted overly cautiously to the detriment of their customers and also themselves. They were utterly unprepared and made many missteps and outright blunders --naive, really. EJ described the harrowing experience. There was sympathy, and there was some disbelief, as well (unfortunately, there appeared to have been some strong-arming too). ABNB, eventually, after much public outrage and prodding, finally, after severe fall-out, came correct. There was reticence, it appears. EJ is now pinning the reaction to her statements, at least tangentially, on ABNB. She had me till that. And still has me on board for the stuff before that. However, one cannot publish something, at large, i.e. broadcast it, and think everyone is going to be sympathetic to you. It's naive. The only people one can fault are the respondents. I'm not saying she brought that onto herself. No. However, it's just part of the deal. It's like buying meat at the butcher's and not expecting it means there's a cow somewhere that will get slaughtered. It's part and parcel. The reaction to her posting has nothing to do with ABNB, directly. It cannot be pinned on the ABNB donkey. The reaction comes across as appealing to emotion. I think that horse has been beaten. I'm sympathetic. It's a very reasonable and persuasive argument. Unfortunately, it's one of those things one cannot control -short of censorship. The same thing happens with people's email transcripts. The same happens with politicians and open mics. Most of the time ill-conceved/or personal emails or rants or candid opinions to an open mic are not picked up and broadcast --sometimes, depending on context, opportunity and misfortune, they are -to lots of regret, embarrassment and perhaps, lawful correction. Occasionally, opportunity. Basically, to me, they seem inextricable. I cannot/am not able to see a way to separate them in an unmoderated open forum. My main point wasn't that she should have realized it's a broadcast medium. Rather, realize the medium is subject, by its public nature, to a spectrum of reactions. Some of those can be reactionary and unwelcome. It's part of discourse. Ok. Now it makes sense. I had the same question others had. I think you're saying if the money you earned from renting were divided by the visits to your listing, you'd end up with the number you posted. Question, are you breaking even (rent - sublet earnings)? Here's the source of the data: http://www.hitwise.com/us/press-center/press-releases/experi... Can you elaborate on the 'Western' qualifier, I think it's unwarranted? I imagine any big enough and sophisticated (organized) enough government would engage in some of this activity. Ah, ok. I recall a conversation with a SEAsian refugee who mentioned something like neighborhood committees and such where neighbors were organized to actively spy on such things which could be regarded as anti-state/anti-party. Was it the underground cell repeaters? Or the cell towers on BART property --for which they lease out the land to telecom providers? If it's the underground repeaters, that's their business. If it was the towers on Bart property but property of telecoms, then that's problematic -as it interrupts service to non-Bart users. So what "hacking" do Anonymous plan to do? I hope their only target is the website; for anything else would put commuter safety at risk. Except he wasn't detained. I think something like this would have a huge impact on the conviction rate in Japan where a significant amount is based in coerced confessions. See BBC article: http://news.bbc.co.uk/2/hi/8290767.stm But this reminds me of the malleability of memory and also herd-like mentality. I think it was on Tv or somewhere where the experiment involved flooding a room with participants with fake smoke but confederates were set to deny it was smoke. The effect was that the fake smoke was ignored. Had it been a real fire, they'd all have perished. I have to agree with this. Looking at those statements side by side it's as if they were given an assignment with 8 key words to choose from and given 5 minutes to work up a sentence. I think, for me, procrastination has to do with projecting complication into things. So, if I want to cook something new, I imagine needing to find the perfect recipe with the perfect ingredients, for example. But, then, there are times when I just decide to do it even if I'm missing ingredients or have not come across a recipe which makes sense to me. Powering thru. I think for the video game tester, if I were them, I'd project difficulty onto it. Finding the bugs, etc. Feeling like I might not be up to finding anything interesting. It's a bit of a fear of failing, in a way, till I felt, "I'm up to the task now." Drinking patterns are different in Southern Europe as contrasted with Northern Europe. Hence the chugging (binge drinking) in Sweden, England, Germany vs. the more leisurely wine and pastis in Italy, France, Portugal, etc. Not to say So. Euros don't engage in binge drinking --but on average less so. so even in Europe it's not the same --not to mention Russia. Drinking patterns are different in Southern Europe as contrasted with Northern Europe. Hence the chugging (binge drinking) in Sweden, England, Germany vs. the more leisurely wine and pastis in Italy, France, Portugal, etc. Not to say So. Euros don't engage in binge drinking --but on average less so. so even in Europe it's not the same --not to mention Russia. I think they're pointing to poor editing. Else fail. A kind of set up fear of failing, I guess. This is a repeat article of a business borne in Japan fueled by iPads and lack in home shelf-space in big cities. http://www.wired.com/gadgetlab/2011/02/japanese-book-scannin... I think they scan new books, once they have one scan in inventory, they don't have to scan it again. When you send them your book, it's proof you owned one and they send you a PDF. That is, they don't scan all individual books --so if yours had margin notes, that would be lost, I believe. The capitalization was bizarre; the 'rant' seemed reasonable, actually. The UI, is apparently customizable. From the Team Blog: "We knew that using a ribbon for Explorer would likely be met with skepticism by a set of power-users (like me), but there are clear benefits in ways that the ribbon: -Exposes hidden features that they already use but which require third party add-ons to use in the Explorer UI today. -Provides keyboard shortcuts for every command in the ribbon, something many people have been asking for. -Provides UI customization with the quick access toolbar, taking us back to a customization level that is basically equivalent to Windows XP." I think his argument is more aligned with "responsible disclosure". Or it's the difference between knowing the ingredients to Coke vs. the recipe. There's also another New York yoghurt maker. Siggi's who makes Icelandic skyr. http://skyr.com/our_story.html I'm a skyr convert --tho you have to get used to its texture. It's about $2 per 5.3oz. There's already this app which works pretty well ( http://itunes.apple.com/us/app/caltrain-xpress/id309651502? ). What does your app improve upon? Just curious. Mildly sandy and sticky. After a week or so you get used to the new texture and then it's more about liking a flavor. Vanilla and Orange Ginger are the ones I prefer. When you listen to chinese songs, there are no tones. People still understand the songs. One cannot sing tones. Chinese and English are remarkable in how they address ideas. In Chinese, for the most part, there are only basic words -with little available in the way of synonyms for supplying nuance.' So you ask someone how do you say big. How do you say gigantic, how do you say long, how do you say capacious, etc. It's all "da" ”大“。 So when people come to me in English and say something like you know, capricious is not exactly the same as whimsical, I can say, that's only because you think it can't be. But it can be. It only is because we've integrated words from French, Latin, Scandinavian, etc. which give us the breadth of choice. But it's kind of artificial anyway and if you force yourself to think about basic meanings -there is little difference. (Law excluded). Financial "products" are regulated by the gov. That didn't seem to have the desired effect back in 2008. I don't think fraudsters care about regulation. They care that they can sucker people. Why wouldn't a 3D print operator have people/entity sign a legal document stating that placed order would not violate any federal laws and anything which resulted in violating federal law regulation would boomerang back to the entity placing the order? My point was that regulation and scrutiny didn't prevent the likes of a Bernie Madoff providing a financial product and running a ponzi scheme. In addition, the financial industry at large can legally provide all kinds of leveraged products which pass scrutiny and result in hefty bonuses (personal profit) but which can end with ruin for the individual and group investors because they are structurally unsustainable (i.e subprime lending had to come crashing). On top of that, the institutions which benefitted during the boom then turned around and asked the people to prop them up despite the questionable risks they took because the world could not afford to have them fail --we blinked. I see what you are saying. I think regulation helps and it provides a way for redress. Those are good byproducts of regulation. I think my point was that bad people will still try to pull fast ones -regulated or not. I imagine the frequency of fraud could be reduced by regulation. So, from that standpoint it might be better to have it on the up and up and supervised -but supervised with a very keen eye and a regulation with teeth, as it were. I think the consumer are the entities (Fujitsu, Coke, eBay, etc.) advertising on Google, not the people using Google (mom, sister, dad) for search. From that perspective, Google being the pre-eminent search provider (i.e, where the advertisers' customers search for a product or service) this becomes relevant. Basically, yes, an advertiser could only advertise on Yahoo! (but in the process lose quite a chunk of their potential customer base). It's fascinating to see musicians who can afford (socially) to dress neatly in spite of the assumption they'd dress in ripped jeans and T-shirt. On micros, if the load is CPU intensive, the vCPU gets throttled pretty quickly for sustained loads (say over 10 - 15 seconds) and your Steal Time CPU percentage goes up -the hypervisor will give someone else real CPU cycles before coming back to serve you. So, they are good for low traffic sites with bursty loads but not good for sustained traffic/loads. Key money is a kind of "tip" albeit a big tip -in the way of several month's worth or rent. It's separate form a deposit -which is also necessary. Foreigners can be asked for more key money than locals. Key money is negotiable --newer properties may not require key money, also vacant properties may forgo key money. Factually it's [someone] (has) died, of course. In reportage, the present tense is typically used for headlines no matter if present or past. I.e. "The Fed increases the overnight interbank rate by 25 basis points." "[Politician] wins senate race", etc. When I chat, occasionally, I'll þrow in a þorn, or, depending if it's voiced, ðen I'll use ðe eð [eth]. Most people just pretend it was an artifact in ðe session. Amazon already provides this service itself: http://www.amazon.com/s/ref=nb_sb_noss?field-keywords=filler... Sorry, try this instead: http://www.amazon.com/Shipping-Filler-items-under-shipping/l... Technically it would be their channel to control, just as Wal*Mart controls what inventory it carries (in music, for example). Free speech would not apply as it's not government --but PR would suffer if they did restrict content, I think. Still, I think if they decided to get into the business of gatekeeper, the gov (and the public) would want to investigate their actions --whether it would be legally actionable I have no idea. I think it would be foolish of them to go in that direction --it would be an opportunity for a smaller player to establish themselves as the non-paternalistic alternative. I always thought there was tic-toc collusion amongst Canon and Nikon --ie. Nikon ups the FPS, Canon ups the MP; Canon ups the FPS, Nikon ups MP or ISO, or something else. Or one has nice Lens aperture but the other one's lenses have less distortion, etc. These two companies seem to trade-off on features every other generation (tic-toc). I think they had a common history, some decades back. "Their friendly rivalry" speaks to this, in a way. http://search.japantimes.co.jp/cgi-bin/nb20071226a7.html You win contests (with iphone photos) like Damon Winter did. http://lens.blogs.nytimes.com/2011/02/11/through-my-eye-not-... Connect with the subject (not necessarily emotionally) and portray things as you see them. Ie. it's not the tool that matters that much, it's the result/the content and how it speaks to us. These guys (a guy and a gal) will send it to you. http://wesendtoyou.com/ I think they will receive your Amazon package, for example, unpack‡, and repackage and relabel to your JP address. ‡I think that's to ensure nothing banned by the destination country gets sent (and get the shipper in trouble). Anyhow, buyer beware. Yes. Marry over-seas then apply for the visa at over-seas consulate --should take about 3-months or so. I know a handful of couples like that. It was pretty painless --so long as they married prior to coming to the US. So they were legally married overseas, then applied at overseas consulate and green card was granted --citizenship can be applied for a year after arrival, and (I'm under the impression) most have been granted citizenship within one to two years. No fuss, that I've heard of. Now, (you) working overseas (not in the US) as a non citizen can get tricky for US citizens --you have to be sponsored, of course, but in some countries, like Argentina, you (or employer most likely) would have to prove there was no local available to fulfill the job requirement. That can be a tough hurdle. Many countries have this asset requirement -New Zeeland, for example, Canada. It's nothing new or extra-ordinary. It's sort of insurance against draining the state in the event one were to become non-productive. As sovereign, countries can change their policies --as Western Europe did after WWII to attract a workforce to rebuild --and in the 70s once that workforce was no longer necessary. Every country has a carrying capacity --the limits can be economic, resource-bound, land-bound, political, etc. Why would the US be any different? The Statue of Liberty is a statue expressing an ideal albeit a bit troubling in that it assumes a world of poor huddled masses --but it's not a national policy. "What do you do with the money that comes out of people's paychecks for Social Security? Now, a lot of that money gets invested in –- you guessed it — Treasury bonds. If there are no Treasury bonds, what do you invest it in? Stocks?" So why couldn't we buy other sovereign debt --obviously stable/safe. It's not as though we're the only ones with debt or safe debt. I don't imagine Germany or Japan or France defaulting. The seamless transfer of sphere from sheet of paper to cup was pretty cool. I wish they had replaced the - operator since many error codes contain a minus and it's easier to type -2081 than "-2081". To add to that idea I think is that it obviates the need to remember and recall a website name for [later] retrieval, for example. Good question. Labeling. Sometimes I get odd errors from crashed applications which read error code "-538", for example. Looking for error code 538 can lead to the error I was looking for but also for other 538s not equal to "-538". I agree with JFB here. It's impossible to be completely objective. There is bias in everything --so it's a fool's errand to try and think one can achieve that. As many have stated, they have their biases, but they don't hide them. I have the utmost respect for them. They don't shy away form their mistakes and readily admit to them, unlike others who try to explain their mistakes away. But all those have recourse. They can sue the state and get restitution. So, yes, mistakes happen, but there is procedure to seek corrective action. There is a difference. The only way to not investigate innocent people would be to know in advance who's guilty. And if you knew who was guilty in advance why even have courts? It'd be for show. Anyhow, that's be asking for more than we are capable of as a civilization. It's understood innocent people will be accused and acquitted thru the system; if the state is proven wrong and you suffered from the process, there is recourse. You sue the state. How do you sue vigilantes who are by definition, outside the system?