Good APIs are like good code. You don't want to get creative. Instead, you want the API to be usable by being immediately familiar. Follow the lead of popular, well-designed APIs (Parse and Twilio come to mind). You should follow a predictable pattern, which minimizes the amount of time required to learn your API. For example, if your endpoints are in the "/[noun]/[verb].json" scheme, then you should stick to that all the way through. I suggest starting out by strictly adhering to REST standards, and then choose areas where you want to be flexible to increase usability (allowing POST calls to be overridden and interpreted as PUT calls, for example). Check out this checklist: https://mathieu.fenniak.net/the-api-checklist/ I can also enthusiastically recommend Apiary ( https://apiary.io ) for designing and mocking up your API. It's absolutely fantastic. PayPal is accepted in the Play Store. Do some research. You've seen GoldenEye too many times. Evil is selfish, not indiscriminate. Terrorists generally want control over some general area (or their own lives). They don't want to destroy human society. Society is what gives them food, shelter, and all the other things people like to have. What you're describing would take not just one person who wanted to destroy all of human society, but quite a few of them. I'm resisting the urge to offer you a tinfoil hat or ask if you're joking. Instead, I'm going to reason through this. The scenario you describe is unlikely. Before such a global catastrophe happens, it's likely that a smaller catastrophe will happen. Like the Titanic, the world will be shocked into preventative action. Governments will make laws. After that, the difficulty in collecting such massive amounts of information will be greater than the value in that information. Even now, requiring proper software security practices would prevent information-theft from being a viable business. You might get the occasional massive haul, but it wouldn't be an epidemic. Vladimir Putin is mad. He has done much madder things in recent months and years. I recommend BillGuard or something similar for anyone who is worried about losing payment information. Also, use/promote http://twofactorauth.org I like Facebook. It helps me keep up with friends in distant places. If you find it to be pernicious and intrusive, don't use it (or use it differently). Don't impose your dislike on others. "Peeing in the pool" is a great metaphor in that regard. Please let me know the URL as well. I'm concerned that the code base is open to SQL injection. I'm not a Python developer, but it looks to me like you're taking input from the user and putting it into queries without filtering it. That said, my nonprofit helps other nonprofits use technology, and ALL of them want a volunteer-tracking system. This is a very useful, worthwhile project. I tried Sublime and Atom and stopped using them because they didn't understand code. Netbeans has been my go-to editor for a long time now, and the reason is because it understands code better than any other editor I've used. It's actually uncanny a lot of the time. I'm going to try WebStorm soon, but at the moment, Netbeans (with some reconfiguration) helps me work the fastest. Edit: to elaborate a little bit, Netbeans does a great job of guessing types and arguments by itself. When it has javadoc-style comments (for any language), then it uses those. The autocomplete is really fantastic. Looks pretty interesting. I like it. I actually think it might have more of a market for planning sprints in Agile development, although having priority + deadline on each story would probably have the same effect. That said, I'd never use this if it didn't integrate with Google Calendar and some widely-used tasks APIs. I've experimented with too many event/task managers to count, and getting it all to work the way I wanted was always kludgy. I now have a perfect setup with Google Calendar, Cal, and Any.do, and my fingers are crossed that those services will last. Your landing page needs examples. I'm about 20% sure I understand exactly what the purpose of this is. Also, something like this should be marketed as, "You know that thing you've been doing the hard way? We're helping you do it the easy way." I don't really understand what it is I've been doing the hard way. If we haven't already been doing something that you're now making easier, you should go back to the drawing board. It's hard to create new behavior. Amazon has outages, too. I'm sure you've thought of that, but don't assume Amazon to be available 100% of the time. You could start out pretty simple: price, comfort, and location. Business travelers, whose companies are paying for their expenses, will care little about price and a lot about comfort and location. Poor college students taking a weekend trip are going to care little about comfort, but a lot about price and location. You don't need many dimensions to satisfy a large percentage of users. Sublime is dead. No one is actively developing it. There's a rich history of piggybacking on dead software, and I (and many others) clicked this link because of that piggybacking. I completely support and admire someone who is trying to further the development of Sublime without having the original code base. Sublime Text 3 Beta was announced in January of 2013. It's safe to call it vaporware at this point. Updating your editor, adding plugins, or changing to a new editor is never an issue of "fully capable" or "good enough". It's always whether there are new ways to save time. Lots of people thought editors were "fully capable" before the "go-to any symbol" functionality was introduced (possibly by Sublime). Now they can't live without it. But besides all that, Sublime has lots of bugs that impact daily work. If it were in bug-fix mode, where plugins were adding new features, that would be fine. That's not the case. Atom is awesome, but I agree that the plugins aren't mature enough yet. Netbeans is fantastic for PHP editing, except the go-to-anything functionality is terrible out of the box. Even after configuring, it's not as good as ST. Other than that, it's excellent. Why? It's very possible I just don't get this. I don't have a CS degree, and I develop backends for web apps. Maybe I'm not the right audience. I'd love to find out why I've needed it in my life, though, if you can explain further. Right now, here's why I wouldn't use it: 1) It makes code less readable. It's anti-sugar. It's not obvious what code using plumb will actually do. This right here from your PHP examples is just insanity: -- $f = plumb(['strlen' __([] , "foo")]); $f(null) === 3 $compose = plumb([[[2 , __(1 , 0)]]]); -- I have absolutely no idea what that does, and in 10 years of writing backends, I don't think I've ever written code that I'd want to replace with that. There are so many brackets and parentheses, it makes my eyes hurt. What if there were 1 nested bracket in the third line instead of 2? If I were scanning for bugs, I might not catch that quickly. 2) It makes code less usable. This is similar to the above, but has more to do with handing code over to someone new. If I were scanning some code and saw: -- count = plumb([len , "baz"]) count(None) == 3 -- I'd say, "What the hell?" And then I'd have to look up what the plumb() function does I thought I was looking at Python syntax, but I'm actually looking at Python + plumb syntax, which takes time for me to learn. 3) It doesn't seem to add functionality. What am I missing here? What task were you previously coding that was so difficult that you decided to create plumb? This reminds me of "PHP functions in [insert other language]" libraries or "OOP for JavaScript" articles. Instead of figuring out how to do what they want in a native way, people coming from another language will try to shoehorn the lexicon they're familiar with into a new language. That hurts readability, portability, and performance. Yes, it sometimes makes sense to add a new "syntax" (in the form of sugar) to a widely-used language. jQuery and its competitors are the only successful examples of that I can think of, though. Again, really, really curious about the reasoning behind this. It seems like you do have a CS degree, so you could probably teach me a thing or two. The "delaying expensive function calls" part gave me more of a clue than anything. I still have to admit that I don't get the benefit of plumb over existing lambda syntax, and that benefit still would have to be weighed against the additional requirement of learning plumb syntax for someone new to my code base. I did read "When not to use Plumb" but, from the example, was looking at a single line. I meant that that single line is difficult to look at and say, "My bug isn't in that line." In the US, the "making it easier" part can make you liable as well. In fact, a huge amount of copyright-related cases have considered this exact issue. Take a look at all the P2P suits, as an example. In my uneducated opinion, I believe this would be similar to YouTube. YouTube allows anyone to upload anything, and they aren't required to preview the content before it is publicly available on their site. However, they must comply with DMCA takedown requests. I think ClickShirt would have to do the same. Anyone can print any image until the owner of the image issues a takedown request. The added wrinkle is that anything being put into the ClickShirt system is from a different website -- it's hosted somewhere else, not on a user's computer. That's different from YouTube, because it's fair to assume that ClickShirt is ALMOST ALWAYS using copyrighted images. Regardless, I think they'll get shut down in the US. This isn't the kind of thing that courts are very lenient about. Neat idea, though. Would be cool if they did a reverse image search on Google to find the largest-available version of the image. No idea if that's available via API, though. One-off t-shirts are expensive. I recently got 8 t-shirts made by Custom Ink, and each one was $40. I didn't even choose the expensive American Apparel shirts, either. Custom Ink is probably one of the more expensive companies (and I chose them because of their excellent customer service), but you get my point. Thanks for the response. "Compare them to raw PHP" -- that's exactly what I was looking for. This is theoretically interesting. As I suspected, though, I'm just not the right target audience. For the web backends I work on, I'm taking HTTP requests, manipulating inputs, mixing in values from a database, and then outputting the HTTP response. I've never had to write anything remotely like the PHP in your example. Maybe my life would be easier if I did, but at the moment, my biggest pain point (in code) is that ORM abstraction sucks, and there's no great alternative. That's not even in the same solar system as the problems you seem to be trying to solve. Ask yourself: who has access to lots of teachers? You should get in touch with teachers' unions, Boards of Education, and classroom supply stores. If there's some way you can partner with textbook companies, that might also be an indirect path to users. You should also check out Q&A sites or forums that have sections for educators to ask one another questions. There may even be teachers looking for you, and they might be congregating there. The use-case in your comment sounds fine. The example on your page is not, as the "I've always found..." comment is not from Alienware. It's intended to be deceptive. My issue with news is not the length. It's the tidal wave of clickbait and FUD. I actually prefer to have long articles if they're about something substantive and not, for example, who Jennifer Lawrence is now dating or how Ebola is going to kill all humans. I see what you mean. How will the feed be filtered for each user? Does it "learn" from what I click or like? Do I have to manually specify what I want to see? Or is it just one feed for everyone? If you use this service (or anything similar), you deserve to get dumped. Women aren't dogs that you "keep happy" by buying them things. And gifts aren't something you can outsource without losing everything that makes it valuable. My first reaction: creating a website already is as easy as creating a Word doc. How is this different (or how will it be different) from creating a Google Doc and sharing it with the public? Or using Google Sites for that matter? (Not trying to jam you up -- genuinely interested in this and your answer.) I don't think it has to solve a problem. It just has to make it easier for people to do things that they're already doing, only better and/or cheaper and/or faster. That said, your questions are valid. Yes, people memorialize their pets, and many do it online. For many, their deaths are as affecting as losing a human relative, and humans have memorial sites. How will this site reach those people? How many will actually want to use the service? And would they pay for something they could do for free on an ad-hoc basis on a different website? This is just my gut talking, but they should probably pivot to provide an end-to-end, just-lost-a-pet wizard (NOT a native app, but a website). Step 1 connects you with a crematorium, step 2 lets you buy an urn, step 3 lets you send invites to friends/family for a service, step 4 lets you set up the memorial page. I know that might sound ridiculous, but losing a pet can be expensive and time-consuming, just as it can be when you lose a human. People just want to be connected with inexpensive services quickly, and Forever Fluffy could take a very small cut for making the connection. "As easy as a Word doc" is misleading then. Editing CSS and JS isn't as easy as Word, even if it's considered a feature and a convenience. I do think it's a good, catchy phrase, but it isn't necessarily hitting your target market. Are you pretty similar to a hosted Jekyll service, then? I'd suggest talking to veterinarians. As you can imagine, it's often necessary to euthanize patients, but it's not necessarily in the scope of a veterinarian's care to help you with the rest. If a vet could say, "Visit _____.com, which will help you find services for memorializing your pet," it would take a lot of pressure off of them. They already do that for services that help plan home-cooked meals, insurance, etc. Generally speaking, what's your algorithm here? Are you just considering near-lossless compression, or are you in some cases saying that an image could be lower quality and still look ok? Are you also looking for images that are displayed in the HTML at smaller sizes than the files themselves? Better to just use a separate server, considering they start at less than $10/month. It's a lot simpler to scale, optimize, and contain threats that way. Docker is still a good solution. I just don't think the problem you're describing absolutely requires something like Docker. I may be missing something, but this doesn't seem secure at first glance. Assume I decompile your app and look at your algorithm. If there are only two inputs (service name and master password), then I'm only missing the master password. If I get a couple (or more) of your passwords, I can probably figure out your master password, since I know everything else. That could be done via Android malware or several successful hacks. All of a sudden, I have a universal key to all of your accounts. That's a worst-case scenario in terms of security. The risk is significantly lower if the master password is sufficiently complex, but not many users use complex passwords. Considering PNG has been around since 1996 and HTML pages can load arbitrary images and fonts, we don't need pure CSS icons. We have purpose-built formats for images. This CSS image project is just for fun. The whole "[something] in pure CSS" began when people realized how awful table-based layouts are. First it was layouts, then full-blown designs. This is almost like the most extreme version of that trend, almost to the point of parody. Some people like to do things just to see if they can do them. This project is interesting not just because CSS is not meant to do this, but also because CSS is so half baked. Looks like you have recreated one of the most notorious failures in the recent history of venture capital: http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Color_Labs I don't think Color failed because of the idea. Their marketing was flawed, and they were trying to create a social network. So are you. I think they eventually tacked their service on top of Facebook, which might be a good idea. I haven't really thought it through. What's going to be your hook for getting users? I'm assuming the app isn't very useful unless other people are on it, right? Or do you have content from somewhere? The DOS design is really clever, interesting, and unique. However, it's takes me back to such frustration and exhaustion that I immediately left the site. Also, it's not that easy to read anything. > Imagine you are an event hoster, you create an event on ICU and you get an ICU link, people take picture with the app on your event, and in live you will see all the pictures on the link. I spent a year working on a startup doing exactly that. We failed. The problem we ran into is that it's cool, but Twitter (and others) already accomplish the same thing with hashtags. People just don't like to add new channels to their everyday lives. Beyond that, it was impossible (for us) to monetize, even though we had connections to creative agencies and large companies that were marketing events. The problem is that we weren't reducing pain points or adding operational efficiency, and thus paying us was never urgent. Meetings would get pushed off by weeks at a time, and it was hard to get anyone to make concrete moves forward. To give you an idea of what we were experiencing, imagine that you're selling your car. Which is a higher priority, getting a scratch fixed or having it waxed? It's very possible that you'll make your money back from the waxing when you're able to sell it for more money, but that's only a possibility. You're going to first spend your money on the repairs and then on the appearance. For the business world, increasing operational efficiency is like the repair, while marketing/social media is like the appearance. People in the business world just don't like to pay out for something that MIGHT have ROI. That's why creative budgets are some of the first to get crunched in a recession. This is utter nonsense for so many reasons. Startups are valuable when they make money, and they don't make money because of the idea. They're all about the people: the founders and their relationships to the target market. That's not to mention how often ideas change. Sometimes the target market changes completely as well. You can make detailed, elaborate models all you want, but it's not going to tell you anything about the value of a startup. It's the belief that ideas are important that lead so many first-time founders to fail. There are extensions or settings in most browsers that will lazy-load tabs for you. No transfer or rendering occurs until you open the tab. That aside, what could possibly require opening 300 tabs? That must be an absolute productivity killer... Why not use a bookmark manager or "read later" service or something? I don't know about the mobile app, but Google Maps on the desktop has supported multiple waypoints for many years. Edit: as someone else mentioned, the app does support it. 1) Change your landing page. It makes it seem like your app is an alternative to just texting "thank you" to someone. A visitor is going to think, "Why not just text them? What's the benefit of doing it on an app that my friend is not using yet?" And, on that note, I'd be interested to know how this is actually better than just texting the person (or tagging them in a grateful Facebook or Twitter post). 2) I knew a startup that spent 3 years working on an app that allowed you to publicly "thank" a service professional (waiter, hairdresser, etc.) That service professional would build up a profile of "thanks" and get a resume out of it. That startup failed because no one wants to say thanks in an app. People aren't looking for new apps[1], so you'd better address a huge pain point in their lives if you want them to download anything. 3) Decide what you want to get out of this project (hopefully not an income). Set yourself a hard deadline. If you're not hitting your target, move on to something else. That was advice given to me by a 500 Startups investor, and though it was painful to hear at the time, it was incredibly helpful and important. Decide what failure means and, if you do fail, accept it and forgive yourself. You certainly wouldn't be alone. [1] http://qz.com/253618/most-smartphone-users-download-zero-app... The quality of a library isn't just performance or usability. You also have to consider if other people working on your code base will be able to figure it out and use it. Even if jQuery is worse than MooTools in almost every way (performance, usefulness, size, etc.) it has a HUGE advantage in that any web developer has used it before, so there's a minimal learning curve when someone new has to start working on your code base. Furthermore, since jQuery uses sensible practices in terms of API stability and plugins, you can expect performance and coverage to only improve. Edit: I realize this could have been read as "MooTools is better" but I actually prefer jQuery from every angle. If you're doing something too complicated for jQuery, you need a full-fledged framework, not MooTools. We did a prototype app and discovered that it's almost impossible to get anyone to download an app. User acquisition costs for apps are astronomical. I've been on a B2B kick for a few years, so I haven't seen recent stats, but it's brutal. We then moved to being purely social-network driven. There are a bunch of people in this space. Users submit photos on social media using unique hashtags or whatever, and there's a nice organic sharing effect. That product (which, again, is available cheaply from various companies now) is great. Every event organizer should use it, since most events, including weddings, will try to have a unique hashtag these days. Why not harness all that content that people are posting? Our service also supported republishing via a JavaScript and/or REST API, so the content could be used elsewhere. All in all, it was a useful, simple product. The problem was that ideas (or even finished products) don't mean anything if you can't get some early, paying clients. We had a co-founder who had lots of connections to social-media executives, but he just couldn't sell. The software (native and web versions) now exist only as private repos on Github. Saw a loading animation for 5 seconds and almost left. There's no reason for a static/informational landing page to have a loading animation. Your assets aren't massive except for this one: http://travelbutler.net/images/bg-2.png You should make that a JPEG and play with the quality level. You could probably get that down to a few hundred KB. Wow. My foot is in my mouth. I absolutely love this tool! (Should have guessed how your algorithm works based on the "companies you want to be like" section...) Definitely sharing this! Love the instant functionality. I immediately bookmarked it. I absolutely hate the design though. I almost left the page before trying it because the design is so hard to look at. It literally hurts my eyes. Use lower-contrast colors, and probably not a dark background. Why? You're like one of those people who still uses Windows XP. Spend $100 and get a device that runs something released in the last SIX years. Chart.js is not being actively developed or patched. Dealbreaker. You're right about the release date. Not sure why I thought 2008. Like XP, Gingerbread has unpatched security vulnerabilities. Having a mobile phone with up-to-date security is well worth spending $99 (for a Moto G, for example). I get that not everyone can afford something like that, but it's like car insurance. You absolutely can't afford to have your identity stolen. Ok, something is happening now. But as you can see from the graph[1], nothing was really happening for a long time. I was following several issues that the author wasn't even responding to, even though many people were asking after it. Around 25% of the issues are a year old, and many more are 8+ months old. Finally, someone made a fork of the project with a lot of the requests that people were making. A "people's fork" wouldn't have been created if it were sufficiently active. [1] https://github.com/nnnick/Chart.js/graphs/contributors Great project. Would be nice to show/tell us more about it before making us click "Explore". Most people won't give you the courtesy of that first click, and you deserve it! Not to change topics, but FINALLY a note of sanity in the cacophony of JS framework fandom! Could you tell me what you recommend? What I find is that each framework works really well for about 80% of a project, and then the last 20% get really painful. I haven't found anything that's elegant, flexible, simple, and native. I'm going to give you some tough love here. I'm doing it because others have done it for me, and it's been some of the most useful feedback I've gotten. Sugarcoating things does nothing for anyone. 1) Your landing page does not make it at all obvious what Rakable actually does. I already share links privately (via SMS, email, and Facebook, mostly). It's not that efficient, but it's usually about two clicks. I could install plugins to my browser to make it fewer clicks, but I haven't because I just don't care enough. Your landing page should tell people how Rakable helps them do something they've already been doing, but does it better. It also needs to be very clear whether the other party must be a Rakable user in order to receive your links. If they must, then that's a dealbreaker. 100% of my friends are reachable via SMS and email, and close to 100% are reachable via Facebook. If Rakable starts out reaching 0% of them, it's not usable. Even if it gets to 90%, it's still not that usable. 2) The "dearth" that you speak of doesn't actually exist[1]. In fact, I'd say there's a glut of services that allow you to privately share links. Many social bookmarking services offer(ed) this feature. In fact, "social bookmarking startup" became something of a joke a few years ago, much like "photo-sharing app" and "daily deals with a twist" and "Facebook killer". There were just so many pitches and so many indistinguishable startups in those categories that they've become tropes. Some of the entrants in those areas failed because they were poorly executed, but some of them failed because users just don't want them that badly. Just because a hundred million people want something doesn't mean it's a sustainable business -- they need to want it badly enough to allow you to monetize it. And if you're not seeing a successful [insert startup category here], it's probably because the idea is bad or unworkable, not because no one else has tried to do it. The question is, what exactly does Rakable do? I'm not going to sign up just to find out. You should tell me on the front page. Does it organize the links I send to others, so they can log in and see all the links I've send them? Or so that I can refer back to them? How is it different from any messaging service? 3) It's often better to start out by piggybacking on existing channels rather than creating your own. Have you considered creating a Gmail plugin or Facebook app that would scour your messages and organize your links by whom you sent them to and when you sent them? The cost of user acquisition is just massive, so it's better to have some kind of "secret sauce" that makes it easier for you. And when I say cost, I do mean cost. Lots and lots of money. [1] http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Social_bookmarking#History Before git-based package managers became the norm, it wasn't uncommon to track/update dependencies manually using command-line git. Also "using" a third-party library hopefully results in finding bugs, fixing them, and submitting a pull request to the project. This is neither "new" nor "fantasy sports". Weekly picks have been around for decades. You're just creating a place to track them. The "fantasy" part is choosing a team comprised of what you hope are the best players in the league. Also, don't review your own app. It looks desperate. I disagree. I clicked this because I find apps made by people younger than 26 to be interesting. Before people have been in the business world for a few years, they're a lot more naive and idealistic. Usually, that makes their products either terrible or fantastic (much more commonly terrible). What's the benefit of knowing what your competitor is A/B testing? > 2. Download the library using a web browser, and just put it where it needs to be. That might work for certain projects, but let's say you're using 10 third-party libraries. If they're under active development, you can expect at least a few security updates between the time you first import them and the time you ship your own product. It's not very practical (especially for a programmer!) to keep manually checking your dependencies' product pages for updates. > When did using git-based package managers become the norm? I'm a web developer, so my response was hastily written thinking about my own narrow scope. I'm sure that non-web developers can go their whole lives without interacting with git, but it's impossible for web developers. Npm (Node), Composer (PHP), and Bower (web) package managers all use git (and often GitHub itself) pretty religiously. I know that one or more of those may support other VCS repos, but git is the de facto flavor. > Are you saying you normally update your third-party libs with the latest from HEAD instead of using versioned release artifacts? Not exactly. First of all, that's what I _used_ to do before every language had its own package manager. Second, I do use versioned releases. However, I use the tagged versions that are determined by the author(s) of the library. I'm not just pulling down a bleeding-edge, un-tested library, and I don't get every single commit. It would be nice if there were a drop-in, pass-through replacement for Taxa to use in production environments. It might even just be a configuration flag: t(true) or t(false), for example. That way, while debugging, I could use Taxa's type-checking. Then by changing one line or setting the flag differently, I could disable it in production. If you go into this much minute detail (and spend time doing it) to calculate equity, you already have some big problems: 1. Prioritization -- 0.0002% of the company doesn't mean anything if you don't make any money 2. Trust -- you shouldn't need to track the time of co-founders (can't emphasize this one enough) 3. Selfishness -- unless you're building the product or making it substantially cheaper to acquire customers, your time isn't that valuable (in other words, be realistic) This seems like a tool for people who think they're going to get into Facebook- or Snapchat-sized disputes about tiny percentages of equity. You're not the next Mark Zuckerberg (and that's ok) and you don't need to worry this much about equity. Just build your product and get people to use it. Everything else is secondary. Why would I use this? (Not saying I wouldn't, just want to know why you built it and why I should use it instead of an existing service.) The benefit of Bitly is that users recognize the link. It doesn't make them feel like they're about to get a virus. Furthermore, Bitly has lots of nice features and actively fights malicious links. So the truth is, users actually can trust Bitly links a bit more than a service that just started up. No I looked at the site for a split second (not even long enough to see any text) and closed it. Why? Because it's default Bootstrap. Whether it's true or not, that makes me believe that the product is half-baked and just released. I want to use something that at least pretends to be mature. Get over to Fiverr and spend a few hundred bucks on a design that at least looks like you've been around for more than a week. Why CLI? CLI is not "faster than everything else". In some cases it's faster, and in some cases it isn't, especially if a GUI alternative is well-designed. I asked the question because invoicing (and exploring/updating databases in general) is something that is always slower via CLI vs GUI. I know there are CLI hipsters out there that think that typing long commands in a terminal is somehow cooler or more pure or whatever, but sometimes GUI is just faster. In this case, if you're someone who lives in a terminal, maybe the effort of switching out to a browser is painful for you. I don't really understand that use case, but it's certainly possible. The purpose of my question was more along the lines of, "Is this a CLI tool because you want the API to use elsewhere? Because you want to script certain repetitive tasks? Or because you just don't like switching out to a browser?" Cool project. Unbearable background music. My speakers were pretty low and it still hurt my ears (literally -- not complaining based on taste). I keep about a dozen personal, non-critical projects in Dropbox. All are versioned with git, and it works great. Dropbox itself is versioned (since I'm a paying subscriber), so I have two layers of security there. What negative experiences have you had with Dropbox + VCS? Why? Security? Something else? I have 2+ side projects or submodules under development at any given time. I've been storing them in Dropbox for the last 3 years. I've been working on them actively from 3 different machines (two Ubuntu desktops and one OS X laptop), and they're turned off -- so not syncing -- when I'm not using them. All that said, I haven't had one single problem. So empirically speaking, I don't see any problem with the mechanics of .git folders in Dropbox. (Note that my key files, API keys, etc. are not synced to Dropbox.) I can't speak for before I started using Dropbox with git, but for the past 3 years, conflicts are handled well (and not as you describe). First of all, Dropbox will not overwrite data. If it finds a conflict, it will save a second file with "[machine name]'s Conflicted Copy" and the modification date at the end. This hasn't happened to me with any git files yet, however, because my machines are always online. That means my working tree is always the same across devices and my .git folder is always identical. The only way a conflict would be created is if I committed while working offline and then committed on another machine while working offline. If that happens, I could just grep my Dropbox folder for files with "conflicted" in the name and remove them. Or, because I committed my files to a remote (often Github, but sometimes others), I could just delete the local copy and clone. Love the design, as well as the idea of a simpler JIRA. I love what Atlassian has done with JIRA in the last few years (better design, much easier to use, much less buggy), but it's often too complicated and too expensive for the vast majority of use cases. This is great. jQuery is way too heavy for many of the small projects I work on. What are your plans for browser support? This whole discussion made me curious, so I tested it. Dropbox doesn't rename files. It creates new files . All you have to do is delete the new files (which are really "forks" of your current data) and you have your working tree synced with your data store again. It's really easy. So this is for me to meet up with friends, right? Not strangers? I really, really wish my friends would use something like this, but they won't. It's been a struggle over the course of 2 years to get them all on Venmo. P2P payments are a no-brainer and even life-changing, but they were just too lazy. And as of now, I have about 1/3 of them on Hangouts instead of SMS. Things like this are great, but even young, relatively tech-friendly people are too set in their ways. My friend just tried Bellhops. Her experience was bad. The movers were clearly not professionals, so even though their hourly rate was low, they were more expensive than a local moving service. The takeaway is this: be like Uber by having aggressive, two-way ratings (clients rate movers; movers rate clients) and be willing to blacklist people who abuse the service or fail to provide a good customer experience. This is just a spam network. I despise stuff like this. I hope you fail. I know your customers will. Why assume the worst about Slack just because some other companies have handled disclosures badly? Real people work at Slack, and very few of them were likely responsible for this oversight. OP could still pat him/herself on the back after disclosing and waiting for a fix. Neither Skype nor Hangouts are intended to compete with Slack. They're consumer products, while Slack is intended for business teams. You're right. So what? There are many businesses that still use Excel as their CRM software, even though there are purpose-built apps that work better. My point is that Slack, Hipchat, and others are specifically targeting businesses. Having an API with integrations to other software (CRMs, issue trackers, PM, etc.) is one huge advantage over Skype, just as an example. "Plaything" is generous. A yacht is a plaything (and far more functional). An expensive watch is a status symbol -- the "classy" way of wearing a sign that says, "I can burn [thousands/millions] on something pointless. That's how rich I am." I have a lot of thoughts on this, but you should take my thoughts (and others on HN) with a grain of salt. This is a very specific community, and we aren't representative of your target market. My recommendation would be to put together a focus group. Don't compensate them, and don't run the focus group yourself. If you compensate them, they'll feel like they can't criticize the product. Same situation if they think the people running the focus group could have their feelings hurt. My thoughts: 1. The branding needs a lot of work. Is the product called Living Plug or INLET? Why can't the company and the product be called the same thing? (I like the name Living Plug a lot, by the way.) Also, the content on the site is confusing. You're listing too many benefits, and you're often doing it with too many smashed up bits of text with different amounts of fading. It's hard to read and overwhelming. Spend a few hundred bucks on a SEO expert (a real one, not a glorified WordPress jockey) and turn your images into text and get the copy right. 2. The price is way too high. The product is essentially a large splitter with a USB port, which you can buy at Target for $3. True that yours has the faceplate and "off" button (more on those later), but it's still a huge price difference for something no one needs. 3. The faceplates are good and, in my opinion, the biggest selling point. Outlets are kind of ugly, when you think about it. The "off" switch to avoid vampire charges is not useful. I'd call it an anti-feature. No one is going to hit a switch whenever they want to use an outlet. Outlets are often in hard-to-reach places (behind tables, near the ground, etc.) Compared to, say, lowering A/C or heating bills, the benefit here is tiny compared to the amount of extra annoyance. If you think I'm wrong, give a few people free INLETs and ask them in 2 months how much they care about each feature. If you can take a feature or two out and decrease the price, you'll be in better shape. 4. Don't pitch the child-safety angle unless you have proof that it works. Even then, say "safer" rather than "safety". Otherwise, you're opening yourself up to a lawsuit. Many children will not be stopped by the socket facing another direction. The only safe socket for a child is one that is completely inaccessible. 5. Sell this on Amazon and other places where you'll get social exposure. Ideally, you could sell it to Target, Best Buy, or some other such retailer. I know it's expensive to put products on grocery store shelves, but I have no idea about other retailers. 6. If you aren't internet marketers, you may get to the point where you can't make the business work for you. If that happens, you should be aware of sites like Flippa.com that will allow you to sell the whole business. Rankings are based on landing "desirable" jobs. "Desirable" is so subjective as to make these rankings meaningless. They might consider a job of Google or Microsoft to be desirable, but many developers like startups and would disagree (and vice-versa). If you want a good software job, zealously write software for free and for fun, put it on Github, and look around. It's not hard to find the first rung of the ladder, and from there it's easy to move into roles that are more and more desirable for you. You're looking at it from a different angle than I was. You're saying that, as a financial decision, spending $2.75M isn't necessarily stupid because $2.75M is peanuts to some people. I agree, though it depends on their goals. If they want to make more money, it's obviously a poor decision. If they want to look like a vain, wealthy, frivolous person, then it's a great decision. My comment was from the angle of whether I think someone who would spend $2.75M on a watch is A) cool, B) a good person, or C) a good decision maker. Related to all of those aspects, I consider "looking like a rich person" to be an incredibly sad, ridiculous goal, especially when $2.75M could be used for such interesting, useful things (both selfish and unselfish). And, of course, it's not 100% relative because goods/services cost absolute amounts of money. Fifty dollars is equivalent to, let's say, 10 hamburgers, and $2.75M is equivalent to 550,000 hamburgers. Put that into any other unit you want to (charitable donations, vacations, houses, massages, political contributions, art, etc.). The point is that throwing away $2.75M on something frivolous is far different from throwing away $50, no matter how much money you make. It's pretty new. I'd imagine they'll use it when it makes their code easier to maintain and more stable. That's probably not the case yet. The "easier to maintain" part is especially tricky, because it requires many people to already know Go when they join a product team (since we're comparing it to other languages that most devs would know). Zappos and Newegg are not similar enough for them to be slapped together like that, unless you just mean "successful specialty retailer"... Otherwise, what makes you like them? Zappos has a bold, trusting, happiness-oriented company culture. Other than that, they're just a retailer. Is your culture like theirs? Newegg became successful due to expert product reviews, great customer service, and a wide range of inexpensive products. Is that what you're emulating? That's assuming that it holds its value and that everyone agrees on that value. I would argue that it's a terrible way to store value because very few humans in the world would buy a watch (or ANYTHING) that expensive. It's one of the least liquid assets you can own, certainly less liquid than a car of the same price. Oil or copper, by contrast, are useful in and of themselves and will continue to be valuable to human societies for many decades. You can also trade them electronically, which makes them portable. If you can't trade those things electronically, the world has fallen apart so completely that you're pretty screwed anyway. It would be complete and utter chaos, and on one would be buying your watch. This was all over Facebook. Still not sure what's interesting about it, especially because this was obviously a premeditated PR move. She isn't a good actress. I have speakers and a 3.5mm audio cable. These things together cost me $10. If you throw my phone into the mix, I have all the hardware of Prizm. This should have been an app (not that I'd use it either way). We need to know what you're trying to build to give you a good answer. Like CmonDev, I'm wondering why you chose this stack. If time is an issue, I'd suggest using a stack you've already mastered, even if it isn't fashionable. As long as it's not something weird, you'll be able to find other people who can work on it with you (and Java isn't weird). Node is commonly used in hybrid stacks where the backend is initially written in something like Python, and then the REST API is written in Node to speed up requests. That takes advantage of Python's strengths and Node's strengths. Also, the question of "how strong/versatile/useful is this foundation" is a really hard one to answer without real-world trials, and those take lots of time. I'd suggest finding someone who has written a framework using the stack of your choice and piggyback on their work. No sense reinventing the wheel. Why? I like this and bookmarked it, but I have to say that the extended "atom" metaphor is kind of confusing. "Atoms" are already called elements. "Molecules" are called many things (components, widgets, templates, etc.). And most baffling of all, you're calling apps "organisms"? I totally get the end-to-end branding thing, and I even like it when it's done simply (e.g. "Droplets" on Digital Ocean). But in principle, all it's doing is forcing us to learn a new language that isn't adding anything to our understanding or simplifying anything -- all it's doing is maybe, slightly strengthening your brand. I disagree with your premises as well as your argument. WhatsApp, Instagram, and SnapChat are valuable because they have users. There are a million ways to monetize users once you have them, but it's hard to get them. Google, Facebook, and others are large, humming machines that squeeze money out of users, but WhatsApp, Instagram, and SnapChat are not. The latter three companies are valuable because they can be fed into the larger machines that already figured out how to monetize. Unrelated: Uber certainly is a threat to a lot of companies (USPS, Zifty, DHL), but I can't see the Google connection. In fact, Uber and Google recently became partners. If anything, Google is a massive, existential threat to Uber because it's working to perfect self-driving cars. If VCs lose all their money, it won't be anything new. Only a tiny fraction of VCs provide a return, after you take out the managers' fees. Large firms pump money into VCs almost charitably or as a PR thing -- they rarely expect much out of it, and their portfolios certainly aren't made or broken by their VC bets. Seems s/he's saying that wealthy Chinese people are buying property on the West Coast of the US. If their market crashes and individual wealth drops, they wouldn't be able to pay their mortgages, which I guess would be a problem for lenders in the US? Lots of leaps here, but I can see a connection if his/her facts are right.