Fantastic looking. Forked, and going to deal it with myself tomorrow! Also, to anyone who forks this and decides to use, you might want to remove the authors original google analytics! I'm not criticising, I'm only trying to complement what you've already done. The buttons show an underline on Safari on OSX when they're hovered over. I'm working on it now, and will post a link with my fixes later on. Fantastic work, thanks so much! I get that, I was just wondering really. I have no problem with it personaly, I'd rather see ads for stuff I'm actually looking for than singles in my area Not sure how true this is. I'm based in dublin, and there's 40 people in final year engineering, plus about 100 in final year computer science, plus another 30 misc. final year students that will be looking for development positions from one university in Dublin. There's 4 major Irish universities in Dublin, and I'm in the smallest of them, so there's probably 900-1000 grads from CompSci/Software Engineering from just Dublin alone. Add to that the pub standards meetups, where there's regularly 1-200 people there, and I know of plenty of other people that don't travel to the events. There's a large amount of talent in Dublin, and I would imagine all the other cities in Ireland too. I'm an undergraduate Engineering Student. About 16000 undergrads in my University. EDIT: I also know javascript Up in Ireland! I like it. Could we get it emailed to us every day? Pity that blue manilla folder is the same folder as every other folder on mac I don't know why the author is annoyed at this, it's not as if he's paying for the service. that's great. but why doesn't ctrl c do it? I mean it closes everything else on my system, except man pages, vim and some other programs that use less. D2's multiplayer sucked. It wasn't until LOD (a year to the day later) plus patches that the mutliplayer was decent. And I think you're misinformed, I know plenty of people (myself included) that still play D3 and enjoy it. That's not necessarily a European view on abortion. Many countries in Europe are strongly catholic (Ireland, Spain, Italy come to mind), and in some cases, the religious views have affected the laws (read: Ireland). I'm Irish, and abortion is a hotly debated topic; The main people against legalising it are staunchly catholic groups and use this as their basis. Check out kaleidoscope if you've got a few minutes to try out a new tool. Blew P4Merge out of the water for me. And BeyondCompare if you're on windows. Linux; sorry :( I posted above; and someone else said you were on a mac. Check out Kaleidoscope. Surely you can disable the garbage collector for particular segments of code? This is particulary impressive, seeing as it came from Polygon, who are notoriously pro-MS Not quite 100000, but 1000 people are watching one guy play clash of clans right now on twitch: http://www.twitch.tv/directory/game/Clash%20of%20Clans I'm an avid FF user, and also a (relatively) proficient programmer, with skills in python c++ and a little javascript, but I'm terrified of getting involved with something this size. I have no idea where to even begin trying to help! pulling the code right now! Now that you mention it, the first time I logged in on mavericks, I noticed a delay, akin to using msysgit on windows. I did fix this, I think by altering some of the parameters passed to the login command. Breaks a lot of other functionality, but it works. My parents still buy EVERYTHING in brick and mortars. I work in a retail store, selling computers and accessories. People tell me it's dead, I can guarantee you it's not. Maybe when our parents generations are gone, but not until then. I'm not a java developer, but their tools are fantastic. I started using PyCharm about 2 years ago, and nothing else compares. Only complaint I have is that PyCharm's updates aren't as quick as INtelliJ's, so when you guys get the nice features, we have to wait for it in PyCharm land. Its interesting that you mention their ad breaks. For 6 months, I had no idea that spotify operated a premium service whatsoever, until they imposed the 2.5hr limit per week on my account and hit me with more ads. I subscribed immediately. Started with Paint.net, went to Gimp, then to Photoshop and currently jumping between Gimp and Photoshop. Bear in mind, I'm a developer who sometimes has to dabble in graphics. I only use GIMP because I can't afford the license on my home computer, and my university supplies my Photoshop license. While I think gimp has the potential to be great, the UI and workflow is painful in comparison to PS. For instance, take creating a rectangle with a gradient on it (with curved corners), and a border that fades from one color to transparent (thinking a rectangular button here). Photoshop: Choose foreground colour and bg color to be the two points on your gradient. Pick curved rectangle tool. Drag rectangle, and change fill type in the top bar to be radial gradient. Click Stroke, and change fill type to gradient. adjust the color. GIMP. Select the selection tool(why???) Drag the selection to your desired state. Apply a gradient to the stroke by... I don't know actually. then go to slect, and choose rounded rectangle, and choose the border radius (in %??? what the hell sort of measurement is this). Click Ok. Go to edit, and choose stroke selection, and choose stroke with Paint Brush. (This creates an empty border with a stroke around it). Use Gradient fill tool to create the centre of the rounded rectangle, then resize to fit within the border because I can't figure out how to not apply the gradient to the border which is in the selection. In the end, you get the same result. But PS's workflow makes more sense. to draw a rectangle, you use... a rectangle tool. In gimp, you select the shape you want and draw a stroke around your selection. I also find gimps export a pain in the ass. Why can't I click save as, and save as a PNG rather than having to export? It's clunky, and a pain to use. No matter how powerful a tool is, it's useless if the interface is non-intuitive. I know they don't want to go the adobe route, but they may consider taking some inspiration from one of the most researched products in the world. Exactly. However, the methods of obtaining these files legitimately have improved vastly since then too. I will take whatever route is most convenient. For music, if I can give you my card details and you take a prearranged amount from my account every month, and I don't get interrupted, I will happily pay for this service (Spotify). Give me a TV service where I pay a fixed fee, and get to watch what I want when it suits me (on a saturday night, not at 9pm on a tuesday when I have to be up at 6 the following day), and I'll pay for it (Netflix). Service to get the latest and greatest game that my friend has been talking about all day, but all the shops are closed when I get home? Steam! Note that steam started selling 3rd party games in 2005, Spotify started in 2008 and Netflix started in 2007 (Streaming I mean, not the DVD on delivery). I realise this is only true for a small minority of countries (I'm in ireland), but Before these services, the alternatives were pirate or go and buy in a store. Now that I can easily get the media I want through legitimate means, I have virtually no reason to pirate stuff. Sometimes however, games I want/music I want is unavailable on X service. If I download it/use it I'm probably going to buy it at the next opportunity anyway. > We need people to stop worrying about "casual gaming at scale" and start worrying about "living a good life at scale". I'm a healthy male in my 20's, I eat well and exercise regularly. I'd be PISSED if everyone stopped working on games and tried to solve all the eating problems of my friends because they're too lazy to do it themselves, instead of catering to what people who already try to live healthily want to do. Because, before the internet was widespread and used for distribution, the only way to get your research out was to be published in journals. Part of this deal involves handing over the rights to your paper to the publishers. This is pretty standard procedure: JK Rowling isn't going to be going giving rights to penguin books for the Harry potter books while she has a contract whereby Bloomberg publish the books currently, it's a similar idea. Additionaly, the measure of an academics success is based on his (or her) citations, and if your citations are from "website of some guy", nobody is going to take you seriously. It's a vicious circle, and the whole system needs reforming, however the thing is, conferences such as SIGGRAPH, FOCS, INFOCOM etc etc all play an important role, that they offer peer reviewing, and you can guarantee quality (if something is published in SIGGRAPH, then you can normally rely on it). Until there are viable alternatives, which are accepted and can ensure that the quality of the articles appearing is of a high enough quality, this isn't going to change. But you can't do that without requesting both images from the host. >and yet they're demanding take-down notices of such pre-prints hosted on 3rd party machines. In the contract you sign, it's clearly stated you can't upload your manuscript to 3rd party distribution sites, other than arxiv. Don't get me wrong here, I'm not keen on what they're doing, but they're staying within their contracts. I'm also interested in this - I'm graduating in August with a Masters in CS, (degree in engineering), and all I can find are the likes of Google graduate program, (or other similar sized companies), rather than R&D-style positions... Not really. They don't accept drivers licenses, so if you're flying from Ireland, your only option is a passport. It can also be called the reddit hug of death. Works, but the gist is now gone. However, it looks so similar to sublime, I can't believe it. In case anyone is looking for it: the command is curl -L https://www.atom.io/api/updates/download -A "Atom/0.1 CFNetwork/1.5" > Atom.zip How do they not notice almost 3 billion yen missing? That's almost 30 million dollars if I'm not mistaken. I don't think you understand what he meant. I know there are companies around me that have offices located in not-so-central areas of the city that offer a free bus service to bring you from major public transport hubs to their offices. Maybe it would be more subtle if they didn't change the face of the DVD and subtly let you go "Hey, do you smell pizza" to whoever else is in the room? any chance of an invite? EDIT: Teceived, and removed email address! Thank you very much! Will share these on here later. This is cool and all, but it's another Chrome only site. You might as well have another desktop app that I have to download. Why isn't there support for other major, Modern browsers such as FF, Opera and IE11? Sounds like a problem with your connection. Netflix streams 720p for me, but whenever there's a downward spike in my speed, rather than interrupt me by buffering it drops to 480p until it has had the chance to download again in 720p. My stance, as a Netflix and Spotify subscriber is: I'd be happy to pay double what I'm paying right now if you would give me the content. If I had the ability to get the US Netflix library selection(Ireland here) for 16 euro a month I'd be delighted. Remember also, that we pay much more than you guys in the states do. You pay 60 euro a year, whereas we pay 100, and you get more content than we do. I don't get why they don't want my money.If I can't find it on netflix/spotify I'll check iTunes, which is usually a dead end, and then finally I'll pirate it. Why not let me pay 8 bucks a month for HBO access aswell, I'd happily do it! Are there any books available that someone could recommend for me to go down this route, specifically for hand crafting assembly routines inside my C++ programs. (note I'm currently only compiling for 32 bit). It's something of interest to me, but I've never gotten around to it. I'm comfortable with ARM assembly, and have a solid enough understanding to proceed, but the references I've come across so far go as far as "here's how to embed a simple ASM snipped inside your code, now you know how to do it" and then skip to "copy and paste for specific routine". I'd like some exercises for in between stages, for stuff that might actually be worthwhile doing. I played both consoles for about 3-4 hours pre launch (each), knowing that I was going to buy one. I was a 360 owner last gen, and PS2 the previous gen, so I don't have any real allegiances. However, I much preferred the PS4, not only for game selection, but the controllers felt better, and Kinect is great at first, but it really is a bit gimmicky after a while. Kinect sports is fun with friends, but not so much on your own. PS4 has exclusives like Infamous, Killzone, Knack(which I thoroughly enjoyed), Resogun, and loads more. Xbox has Ryse(didn't like it) dead rising(granted, it's fun) Forza(I want this one)and Titanfall(on the fence, probably don't care to be honest). The selection of games on PS4 is far superior, coupled with faster installation times, a much smaller box, and better looking games, makes it a no brainer IMHO Not everyone leaves their browsers open when they're at the computer. I don't, and on a 100/100 connection, from click to inbox open it takes me almost 7 seconds. I tried it twice on all 3 of my gmail accounts with varying results, but none faster than 5. Sorry, forgot to check this. One left! So you think this just all happened in the last week? > People still do that? Yeah, we do. Somebody has to manage all that memory that you throw around in your ruby/python scripts. not the downvoter, but my 2c: > if only for the visually jarring effect it has I don't find the effect jarring in the slightest, actually. there's a gentle fade into the background and then the tiles fade in, which I find quite easy on the eyes. > since they removed the Recent files I work with my apps pinned to taskbar. If I want to open my last VS solution, I right click on VS and click the top icon, which is the recent list? Maybe there was another recent list. > Interop between modern and classic is still terrible I agree here, in fact I would go as far as to say it's non existent, although I'm not 100% sure what sort of interaction I would expect between them. Allowing the metro apps access to more functionality would reduce the sandbox level in WinRT, so that's not going to happen. The only way I can see it happening is if MS give desktop apps access ti metro/modern app data, which is a privacy nightmare, so I don't know what the solution here is. I'd be interested in hearing one though. > no windowed modern apps Article says all MS universal apps will be windowed going forward, so I guess that means they're backing down on this. > start search is split by app type don't know what you mean here. If I type in "Evernote", I get Evernote(desktop App) Evernote(text file I have named evernote) Evernote(Metro App) > The modern UI also suffers from not allowing renaming of apps. Rename the classic ones so? > but frankly, booting isn't where I spend most of my time Where do you spend most of your time? By the sounds of your criticisms, searching among the number of metro and classic apps you have installed, on the metro screen? I don't know about you, but 95% of my time is spent with FF, visual studio, spotify, sourcetree and 3DS max open, none of which are affected by the metro interface, so nothing has changed for me. The only complaint people have is the start screen for Windows 8, which seems to more be a case of "I like the start menu", although as you state there is some missing functionality re: recent files. But what about the improvements? My boot time was cut substantially, I'm on my desktop(including going via the start screen because I like booting to it and seeing the live update travel tile and looking forward to my next holdiay) in ~ 8 seconds. Much better multiple monitor support, for backgrounds, multi-taskbars. Built in reset and restore settings. File History: this is awesome. Works like time machine for OSX and is a major upgrade over Backup and Restore. I've also noticed my usage is snappier than it was on 7, and an increase in battery life on my MBP ( I run bootcamp). Built in ISO mounting (bye bye wincdemu) is also cool. Overall, I'm happy, and won't be changing back. This is awesome, thanks well, is it a goat or a joat? will be 6 years in september. UNdergrad in Engineeiring, MSc in CS. Started when I started college Because good idea in theory != good idea in practice. Showing that this actually works in practice (albeit on an isolated incident) shows that the bug is dangerous in practice, not just theory. Look at all the research in timing attacks etc on TLS, some of which are theoretically feasible, until you consider real world possibilities of remote servers, such as "Their ISP is fiddling with routing so I have varying latency", or "They're using different server configurations and I don't get connected to the same one every time". This has been PROVEN to steal someones private key, which is worse than giving someone the keys to your house, It's like giving them a blank passport with your name on it, letting them put their photo on it, and with that taking your car keys and hosue keys, and everything that identifies you. Luckily, the fix is easy, just upgrade, revoke, and force password changes for everyone. > Notable OS X still brings networking back up faster With the notable point that it doesn't work properly on a lot of hardware, in my experience (and in the experience of others I know). The major ISP in ireland provides the same box for most connections, and my mac just will not hold a connection to them when resuming from sleep. It appears to be an issue revolving around assignment of IP addresses, but I can't reproduce it, and it doesn't happen on my work network or uni network, but every UPC network I use with the same equipment (Technicolor TC7200U) has the issue. I didn't watch the video, but I read the description. How much do you think you can accomplish in 3 months? 3 months, 3 people, 8000 pounds, that's hardly living money, never mind development costs, and any costs you have to pay for kickstarter for the physical rewards, etc. I wouldn't put my money out for some people who have no track record of delivery, and there's no plan for what will be delivered for the money, or what the end product will entail, what you intend on doing with the product afterwards. Also, anyone who stumbles across the page sees a project that is nowhere near funding, and doomed for failure. If you can, get a lend of 4 or 5k, and get your family and friends to pump the money into the kickstarter. If it's close to funding you might get enough to clear the goal, and your money back from your loan. Also, your goal deliveries are october (for early access?) yet your funding is for 3 months? what about the other 3/4 months in between times? What sort of money are you going to spend on marketing the game when it reaches the app store? All this information should be on the kickstarter page. You've also had no updates in the month, which would be disappointing to see if I was a backer. Some people don't want to do "jobs" per se. I know I'm interested in development because it's something I like doing, and I have an unfortunate liking of expensive things. Some people are genuinely content with the company of other people, and only want to work so they can spend the rest of their time with other people, and making their days better. Would you say that someone who is a checkout operator in a store because they need money to be able to do the things that they want to do (go on holidays, or go to the beach with friends and family) has a handicap because they find themselves in what you consider a menial job? I certainly wouldn't. Sure there are a lot of people who would rather be making more money, but money isn't everything for some people. Safari 7.0.2 warned me, but let me proceed. Nightly 31.01a flat out blocks it. Don't have any other browsers to hand. If BF4 was written in Csharp, or java (or rust or go?? I'm sure it would still have just as many bugs. One of peoples biggest complaint is the kill shots that you don't see, but that's a design choice (client side hit detection). Well, I struggled to get through the first half of that article. Enough banner ads? Less prone to certain kinds of bugs, sure. But logical errors, not necessarily. here's a link to my instagram: http://instagram.com/f9ab8ed9dacd8724bc/# Damn, that's better than me! Do you not feel that workin on side projects all the time wears you down? I haven't had one for about 5 months now, I've been working so hard on other stuff, that I need something like LoL, WoW, or battlefield to take my mind off things on the evenings. But do you spend time watching TV? There's no real difference, if you enjoy spending time doing something then you should do it. Whats the point in working hard if you don get to chill out? I'm interested in Game Development, specifically physics simulation and graphics programming. The box2D code (C) is fantastic. > judges? What about the leaders? The people we elect into office? Judges are appointed by the president, and confirmed by the senate[1] (I guess that means voted on by the senate after a high ranking civil servant decides they would make a good judge) so if this person disagrees with the policy of the senators, there's a good chance he's not going to get into power. The people who are in office are normally so caught up in this sort of thing that they would end their own careers by speaking out about it, or worse, be called traitors of their own country and hunted by the NSA/FBI (see Snowden). The problem is once you know about it, you're already in deep, and your head will roll if it rolls. For many people, that sacrifice is too much to make. If you have a family, you ruin their lives too remember. All your friends, parents, relatives lives will be turned upside down at the same time... Is that something you would risk and give up if you were in this position? [1] http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/United_States_federal_judge Ditto. And I've ony used VS for about 2 years now Are you guys accepting recent graduates for this? A lot of people in here comment on how this is not tghat big. I have a netflix sub, and every time I visit my parents, they want to watch it, and use it. They don't use it when I'm not there because they can't figure it out. It's an app on a new TV, and is literally 2 or 3 button clicks away. If netflix was channel 500 or something on our TV box they would happily pay for it.remember that not everyone is as technically inclined as we are. Looks like most other people in this thread got the picture. This is overly pedantic. Really lovely view! Quick way to get back problems hmm. I think I'm gonna go look at kittens Normally very scripted, but getting better recently. This is a really sticky issue, however I can't help but feel that Julie is handling this quite unprofessionally. She has been posting for the last hour on twitter about how she is satisfied with the blog post, however feels that everything was wrong, and she's actually going and naming names. (other than TPW), which is completely unfair IMHO. She says that she strongly believes that this would have not happened to a man, and the report says that they found no evidence of sexism in the workplace. This has been brought up before, but is it at all possible that some of the treatment she received was because she is difficult to work with, rather than because she is a girl? Nothing in the report points to anything having happened that was specific to what JAH talked about, could it in fact be the case that people are treating a sub-par, or difficult employee (in their own eyes) differently to others around her, and in her mind, in (what I asssume is) a predominantly male workplace, she sees this as discrimination? I don't know what to think, but unless there's any evidence either for or against, I think the only reasonable assumption that we can make is that there may have been fault on both parties sides, the extent of which is unknown. Nobody is questioning TPW's behaviour, the question mark is over whether she was being discriminated against by the other engineers and founders. It's evident from the resignation, and this report that TPW was behaving inappropriately towards multiple employees, not just one female, which seems to imply that this wasn't a case of her being discriminated (in this instance, however we have no proof either way for the rest of the accusations) I keep a notebook in the bathroom... larger (proven) market share is my guess. I have no stats on that by the way, it's a pure guess. The closest thing I ahve is I looked at the humble bundle stats, and scrolled down to the first games bundle which is : http://support.humblebundle.com/customer/portal/attachments/... Looking at the graph, I can't differenciate between mac and linux on it, but the next one (humble indie bundle 9): http://support.humblebundle.com/customer/portal/attachments/... the mac purchases are more substantial than the linux ones. This could be due to any number of factors, but like I said, it's only a guess. Granted, I'm not in the same boat as exec's, but I'm a student and have had dealings with people from other universities in the UK (I'm irish), and I have flown, met them in airport hotels, and flown home same day or first flight following morning. Which you have to host yourself. Not the same thing. > Git-annex with symlinks can add an extra layer of protection, in that you have to unlock the file before editing Is that like how Perforce handles it? cost of living is about 1.5 times higher than the US. Source is somewhere in this comment thread I'm sitting in work right now (PC repair shop) and they really really do. We get students coming in the week before thesis deadlines with dead hard drives and no backups of a years work. We get about 2 or 3 people daily coming in asking about replacing a dead hard drive and recovering data. I flew economy from London to Mumbai with as much booze as I could handle, both directions. There was some sort of ban on serving alcohol in Indian airspace, but outside of that they were happy to keep giving me tiger beer until I fell asleep. Ryanair already have this down to a T. You don't actually interact with any ryanair staff from the time you book your flight until you're passing through the gate. At that point you meet the cabincrew/stewards for your flight, two at the door who check your boarding pass and glance casually at your passport, and you then walk across the runway to board the plane in no particular order. Everything is an extra,you're bombarded with ads for the duration of the flight (particularly annoying on a 45minute flight where they start at takeoff and keep going until you land). You also print your own boarding pass, and are normally located as far as humanly possible from the airport terminal, in an airport nowhere near the location advertised (London Stansted, Barcelona Reus, Paris Beauvais). But I can fly to London return for 30 euro pretty much any time of the year in return for that. As is sourcetree, and not tied to github I'm currently working as a tutor in a center for gifted (high intelligence) children. Along with this intelligence, in many cases comes some mental difficulties. As an instructor in this environment, it is actually very difficult to deal with some children who are unable to interpret what I am saying to them. Not only does the child get frustrated when I don't understand what they're trying to tell me, but I get frustrated sometimes when I can't handle the situation, and the other students pick up on my frustration. The net result is that everyone loses out. These students are commonly known as special needs students, and I think this very accurately represents them. Some of the children require just a few minutes extra attention, others require regular confirmation, and others require practically no extra care other than being aware of some issue. I have never personally had to deal with a student with Down's Syndrome, however I know of some family friends with children who have Down's Syndrome. If you have seen and talked to these parents, in very many cases these parents have to dedicate their lives to caring for these children. The same is true for many cases in students; If I as a teacher have two students that require constant attention (for whatever reason) that means the rest of the students don't get the attention they deserve, and the two students I am dealing with don't get the help they deserve either. I don't know what the best solution is here, but I can't see having a large number of (excuse the wording, I can't think of a better word) difficult students such as those with aspergers/autism, Down's Syndrome etc. being a good one. The only point I can make on it is that in most cases, the transition to high school involves classes being split, and separation from friends. If students such as Henri can be sent to the same school as their friends, but possibly separated from others (which is what happens currently; students with severe mental difficulties are sent to separate schools) they can receive the individual attention and care that they deserve, but still be in the same environment as their friends and companions. I tried to be very careful with my wording here, and I apologise if I insulted anyone, it was not my intention. Twitch is owned by Justin.tv You're obviously in the US I take it? I'm in ireland and have a UK sim card too. Both my providers (granted, same provider in both countries) give me unlimited data, for 20 euro/25 pounds a month. I also get calls and texts included in that. I used objdump on one project, and I can't thank you enough for it! Because it's still not finished? > Is there some reason not to ship development tools? Do you not want the curious to have ready access to dig in and understand the stuff they use every day? More and mroe macs are being sold with SSD's, and installing Xcode uses a good 4-5 gigs (+1GB per platform in documentation). That's a good enough reason for me to not install it when I don't need it. > How is this any different? People will pay more for it, so Aereo will charge what they know they can This page is almost 1MB downloaded, including 5 fonts, bootstrap, angular, and jquery. It does not need to be this complicated. My facebook homepage, including images, is smaller than this site. They have to. If I send one in about any repo, it must be removed straight away. The pwerson who receives the notice can file and have it reinstated. Not everyone is a startup working with node or RoR. Most companies with more than a handful of staff would rather pay someone else to make sure it doesn't break. So, how do you tell a workforce of X people that 18000 jobs are going to be cut? Asthamtic here; I feel ya. However, I can also walk into a pharmacy here (Ireland) and explain to them that I'm an asthmatic, and need a releiver inhaler. They will give an "emergency" inhaler, (same inhaler, no questions asked) over the counter and ask me nicely to go to the doctor for the next one. You're probably an edge case. The vast majority of people who are ordering from online pharmacies are doing so because they think they know what they're doing, and because they feel X or Y, they should take Z. This isn't really a problem with inhalers per se, because the amount of them you are required to ingest is actually pretty damn high before you are in any danger, but for stuff like prescription painkillers, people are self medicating and avoiding doctors visits for issues that they should be seeing a professional for. He explicitly states that 18000 jobs will be cut in that email. My question still stands, how do you tell a company the size of microsoft that 18000 jobs are going to be cut, while still maintaining a shred of integrity? If you know so much better, please share with us. had a quick glance through his history, and it's ireland. (I'll remove this if you want OP). Can I just throw in that Ireland has some definite advantages, however living in Dublin is painfully expensive, and the money here (for lower level positions at least) is less than that of the UK