Werkzeug had an example with the same semantics (decorator for URL rules and returning strings and response objects from functions) for a long time. But neither did Werkzeug come up with that, the original idea was TurboGears which did it that way. So by that logic, bottle is a cheap knockoff. However, I do have to point out that denied is a joke which should be pretty obvious from reading the source and watching the screencast (and quite frankly, just by looking at the website in detail). Well, the run() function was intended to be a very bad example of API. Because there is that magical application object you never see that run magically picks up. There is another example of really bad API in denied: there is a template render function internally (you have to read the code behind the code to see that) which magically accepts both filenames for templates and template source strings. And there are a couple of more examples of really, really bad ideas in that code. Because I wanted that trendy "fork me on github" badge on the website. And for that a code repository has to exist :) > Huh, weird. This seems to crib very heavily from my original Simple JavaScript Inheritance implementation: http://ejohn.org/blog/simple-javascript-inheritance/ It is, see the AUTHORS file which credits that URL. In fact I was using a slightly modified version of your code for a long time but had to do some changes in order to use it for a project of mine. Basically I need classes implemented in a way that they will work in the presence of any other JavaScript framework. Reason: this JavaScript is injected into unknown code by a middleware system. > It even uses the 'classy' name and logo (stemming from an April Fools joke that I ran that used the aforementioned inheritance implementation): http://ejohn.org/blog/classy-query/ Interesting. I did not know that one. Name was rather obvious and did not return any direct hits with projects named like this so I went with it. The original drawing of that logo is the search result on Google images for "classy" with filter set to linedrawing. Original author unknown, I just vectorized it. > ... but on the whole it looks very very similar to the original implementation that I wrote. Odd. If you want a more obvious attribution than the AUTHORS file, just let me know. Other changes besides hasOwnProperty, the ability to use the library without modifying window, and $ prefixed names so that it does not clash with custom attributes is a more python/javascript inspired naming scheme for special methods and attributes (__init__ etc.) and support for mixins. Also attributes are properly removed if they were unset previously and not just reassigned with undefined and classes can be instanciated without new like in Python. Can't count how often my code did funny stuff because I forgot new there :) All in all, the idea is to have that fairly common piece of object orientated JavaScript class bootstrapping under an open source license so that anyone can use it. I hope I succeeded with that. > The reversal of the "extends" paradigm is interesting. It seems very natural. What made you go with that? I think the earliest version of that was prototype which I think used Class.create and Object.extend. I've seen that in many JavaScript class implementations so far. > I use Crockford's object.beget rather than normal JS constructors, and that works quite fine. Crockford's beget patches on Object which I think is a terrible idea. The main reason why people create class libraries on top of JavaScript is the constructor problem (that setting up the "inheritance chain" triggers the constructor even though we only want the prototype). "however i am not using werkzeug anymore as i don't like the way people act in #pocoo on freenode. this is the only reason i am not using werkzeug. they are ignorant and i don't like it." Would be nice to know if this is a general thing or if we did something in particular wrong. Because if that is what you remember of this channel we should really improve our behaviour then. So it would be nice if you could elaborate on that. I'm embarrassed it had to come to that, but the testsuite was lacking tests for templates in folders and a bug sneaked in. Hopefully it will work with any WSGI application because even Django applications might use WSGI components and thus have a custom WSGI application object. posixpath.normpath can never leave ./ in front: >>> import posixpath >>> posixpath.normpath('./../test') '../test' > The author also makes a common mistake: blacklisting as safe string escaping. Which is why it says "at the very least". Werkzeug's secure filename function explicitly only whitelists characters in filenames. > Moreover, this whole article embodies the statement NEVER, EVER, IN ANY CIRCUMSTANCES TRUST USER INPUT. The problem is that often you will assume that certain APIs were written with that in mind when they were not. os.path.join for instance looks very innocent. I expect my database abstraction layer also to handle SQL injection projection for me, so I would be very confused if SQLAlchemy turned out to not escape strings passed in as placeholders. Sympathy or not, these things happen. > I really hoped Armin would come around, and I committed to Werkzeug for a new project with eyes on 3. All commits to Werkzeug are currently happening with a port to Python 3 in mind. However I am not going to do the same mistake the standard library made in many parts and change the semantics of the library for Python 3 and trusting 2to3 to do the correct thing. A full port of Werkzeug to Python 3 will take time but it will happen eventually. The point here is that everybody should go with Python 2.7 and write the code forwards compatible. Then you have all the options (of going with PyPy if you need and upgrading to Python 3 if it's worth the effort). All I can say right now is that so far users are not too eager with Python 3 yet and I have limited resources as well. If anyone wants to help out, I am more than happy to assist in any way possible to make Werkzeug run on Python 3. I also monitor changes in the stdlib that could affect WSGI on Python 3, so it's not that I'm ignoring it. Python is not on the way to suicide. All I said was that right now you shouldn't be too concerned with Python 3 yet and instead make your own code upwards compatible. If your base Python version is 2.7 upgrading will not be the biggest problem, especially not if you are working on a high level like you do when you use a web framework. He is not. I had that post mirrored on that website for a blog post about a year ago. I have no idea who submitted that here. In Python versions older than 2.6 and on Google appengine it's the only reliable way to generate bytecode. For things like template engines this is important to not add extra overhead over an already slow language. > If your application's bottleneck is in parsing templates, either everything else is really fast or you have way too many complex templates. There are countless of examples where the template engine is the bottleneck of an application. If you are doubting that, I welcome you to try it yourself. Benchmarking Django's templates and Genshi is an eye opening experience. :) Never trust a benchmark you didn't run yourself. A realistic Genshi template is butt slow. More than a handful function calls per byte emitted is not uncommon. Regarding Django it become a lot slower when they introduced automatic escaping and loop item unpacking a while ago. I have seen many people switching from Django templates to Jinja2 especially because of the increased performance. > It just seems they've been working on 1.3 for soo long. Sam Lantinga recently left blizzard and converted SDL into a commercial project. That shows his commitment to the library, so it's barely a duke nukem forever. Also SDL 1.3 is perfectly useable. > * GL_COLOR_BIT should be GL_COLOR_BUFFER_BIT. This may be a change which occurred between the version the author used and the version I pulled today. Fixed. > Doesn't really mention which OGL libraries are needed. Cmake is amazing :D As the author of said document: The title here is misleading. While this attack is a form of CSRF, doing that does not magically solve all your CSRF problems. It just counters one particular attack vector which are JSON responses. > Because [] is not syntactic sugar for new Array In Firefox 4 and other new browsers this is no longer the case. But right now it's still an issue as many people are using older browsers. I would describe it more carefully. Bottle's advantage that it's self contained and in a single file, however bottle's design also hides away the application object from you which makes it quite hard to have more than one of them. It is possible with the stacked object thing and I think they changed it even to make it possible to do what Flask did, but when Flask started at least there was a design difference there. By now I really would like to see them merge, but Bottle wants to stick to the design idea of just having one file which Flask will never be able to do because of the dependencies. We're getting rid of all the magic we can avoid. With 0.7 barely any magic is left with the notable exception of backwards compatibility. > Some people feel @auth_required() is ugly. That's all. The biggest issue here is backwards compatibility. Nowadays I just make a separate decorator that accepts arguments and keep the old one around unchanged. I learned my lesson :) I could also aim with a bazooka at my foot. Been there done that, lesson learned :-) > My rule is to either work with integer Unix timestamps or timezone-aware datetime objects. A naive datetime object is, well, naive. If it's the number of seconds since the Epoch, represent it as a number, not an object. The object is basically just a wrapper around that number anyways. From the programmer's perspective there is not really a difference. Even in that situation it's a terrible idea to store local time alone. In the calendar situation (which is the exception not the rule!) I personally would store the time in UTC, in local time and the name of the country separated. I would not store the local time alone because what do you show in the calendar if you are in a different country? If the assumption is that the problem is a theoretical one because nobody has appointments in the middle of the night when DST changes come, I present you with sysadmins, rescue workers and other people that do have these things scheduled at odd times. I know that around DST changes many people explicitly not work over night to avoid these issues. Same with year changes and other situations where computing and time does not work properly. For instance overnight trains in Europe just wait for an hour and do nothing. > You store the local time and timezone. You show the value in whatever timezone the user configured the application. Because local time is ambiguous. During DST changes local time can mean that it happens twice. Your calendar would have to show 4 AM twice for instance and if you want to make an appointment there you would have to select which one you actually mean, thus UTC + local time. But granted, it does not happen often that people schedule appointments during DST switches, but certain professions have to so certain people already have to live with that. > If you store both the Unix timestamp, the local time and the timezone, you have too much information. Nope. That is incorrect. If I store local time only + timezone and someone sets a date during that transition window it's ambiguous. If I store the date in UTC only and remember the timezone that date was intended for I will not be able to account for changes in the timezone. For instance the legislation of the country could deactivate or change DST settings (which is not uncommon). In that case the timezone information of my operating system will change again and my appointment will move without my consent. If I store both I can see if they are still in sync and if not, prefer the local time and rebase as necessary. In practice: compilers usually don't touch expressions with volatile vars. > Can't the system just do nothing to signal it's not ready yet? In an async system that means you either have to suspect execution (for instance by yielding something) or to block. And blocking is bad. > Python 3 support Will come eventually. Right now the topic comes rarely up and it requires a ton of work on the Werkzeug side to make it work in a way that is user friendly. That being said, Flask and Jinja2 are not the problem here. The former easily works on Python 3 and the latter already does (just that we don't have any users on Python 3 yet). I have no idea how the LOC numbers of Flask come together though. Flask itself is 1.4KLOC, Jinja2 is 6.5KLOC and Werkzeug is 10KLOC (all measured without tests). Even if you add them up you don't end up with 32KLOC. > Where does one draw the distinction between micro- and megaframeworks? Or, for that reference, just a "framework"? Here is how we (Flask developers) define microframework: http://flask.pocoo.org/docs/foreword/#what-does-micro-mean Those are not lines of code. That includes docstrings which all of Pocoo code is full of. If you want to measure lines of code you at least have to skip comments, docstrings and empty lines. And for that there is sloccount. This also includes the testsuites btw. With this little script ( http://paste.pocoo.org/show/465885/ ) I get the following results: Flask 1467 LOC Jinja2 6560 LOC Werkzeug 9923 LOC Bottle 1910 LOC (FWIW) > Bottle does what it does with 1/10 of the code that runs flask. Not all of the code that is in Jinja2 or Werkzeug is used by the average Flask application. Also Flask does a lot more than Bottle, even for the same things. The routing system behind Werkzeug itself already comes close to 1KLOC (and for good reasons). Which is why I think that any comparison between Bottle and Flask is pretty pointless, it's not really a fair fight for either. For Flask it was never a goal to have less code than another framework, in fact, from our perspective that's quite a pointless goal. Indeed. The whole concept of when a framework starts or stops being micro is quite arbitrary. > Flask creates new concepts that seem counter intuitive to me at the first look. You don't have to use them. Just do the Bottle way if you prefer. What killed the service for me was the lack of .io domain. > We lost that argument because no one cared I think the Python community in general adopted that Concept though. The term "view function" is much more common than "controller method". Flask at one point even had the term MTV in the docs I think but we just got rid of it and no longer mention any design patterns there. It's just too much confusion. Often enough people jump into the IRC channel and ask how to use "MVC" with Flask and what their question really boils down to is how to use a class instead of a function. Design patterns are good and well, but I think documentation should encourage more thinking outside the box. You are preaching to the choir. :-) I will check this, this is just for testing anyways. > Big fan of Flask, so I do hope there will be other methods of authentication (or none at all until you want to save your work). Sorry for that. I thought it would be the easiest way for people to sign up but I guess I will add OpenID as well. There goes my unique flask-extension documentation style. :( It's not very hard to do. The trick is to know a resource that only the user can access and then trigger an HTTP request to it. For instance if you have website a and say the user profile "mitsuhiko" can only be edited when you are logged in as "mitsuhiko" on http://a.example.com/profile/edit/mitsuhiko you could use this code to see if the logged in user is "mitsuhiko": Why does this work? Because onload is fired if the resource answers with 200 OK, not if it's a valid script. onerror is called for any other error code. So if you know what you are probing for: easy. // Edit: Yes, this is most likely not what Facebook is doing if that's their only method of security. However see my reply to the first comment here about the security aspect for a possible way to solve this problem. > Except something like this would be easily spoofable, ie. you could set your hosts file to make all a.example.com links return HTTP 200's, or open firebug to call user_is_logged_in() and you could reset passwords without any email. Yes. But depending on how gmail works it could me made reliable and secure. For instance if you can share images with gmail users you could generate a unique image for that user, do the same thing with an tag, access the image data with JavaScript, send it back to the server and compare if the contents are the one you shared. I do not have a gmail account so I don't know if this is possible, it it seems like it would be possible for Google+ from briefly looking at it. It would work on any service that allows you to share an image with one individual user. Only facebook knows the image it generated. Since that image is only shared with that one mail address you won't be able to spoof it unless you control that mail address. > The service would need to send out the Cross Origin Resource Sharing headers in order for the image to be accessible via and the service also needs a means for the querying server to test if a certain image is indeed the one associated with the user. // EDIT: ignore what was here, you're right. You are missing the two way communication that is impossible with URL handlers. A URL handler can only transmit information in one way and cannot do that implicitly. The user has to click on that link. > Sounds like the author of the article has no idea what a multimethod actually is then. :-) The author (me) knows what multimethods are. I did however not find a better term to refer to the `iter(x)` -> `x.__iter__()` / `x.__getitem__()` concept. > could you explain why you think that expression has anything to do with multimethods? You can override the behavior of a function based on the types involved. For instance ``coerce(a, b)`` calls ``a.__coerce__(b)``. By overriding ``__coerce__`` for one type you can customize this. Way to miss the issue. I was not suggesting ":=" for global variables at all. I was suggesting ":=" as a replacement for the nonlocal keyword that Python 3 has to solve the issue I was demonstrating. > Obviously, plenty of folks managed to write bug-free code in Python before "nonlocal" was invented. Python has the inverse behavior of CoffeeScript. So that was never an issue. > I wish that he would allow comments on his blog. Why? Hackernews and reddit exist and everybody is free to send me a mail or contact me on twitter. This way I do not have to moderate any comments or deal with spam. > I also wish that he could engage the broader CS community in a proper forum before dissing the language and/or creating a fork of the language. And do what? Duplicating an issue that is already there? Commenting on a dead issue? The author has expressed his unwillingness to deal with this issue so why should I reopen the issue there? > He's overreacting. How am I? I wrote a very short blog post about why I think the scoping is bad and how it caused me problems. Many people asked me on Twitter why I think the scoping does not work as good as it should and since I only have 140 characters to explain stuff there I wrote it to my blog. How else should I communicate that? > CS does have a mailing list, but most of the action happens via github issues. There is an issue about this topic from a year ago which was closed and the author does not want this to be changed. I am okay with that, a language needs leadership. That does not mean however that other people should not know about this issue when they design the next programming language. The CoffeeScript sourcecode itself does not advocate it. It uses functions named like 'last', 'starts', 'ends', 'extend' etc. > As an existence proof, Ruby gets along just fine without it. Missing that Ruby stops scoping variables at a method and uses separate lexical scoping rules for constants thereby avoiding this issue mostly. Mootools still disqualifies itself in my mind by patching around on builtins. The game ships a libmysql library. Unless they got a commercial license for it, that's a GPL violation in the wild. libmysql is GPL licensed as well. > Even if they DID need a license you are out of line to suggest they are automatically infringing and didn't just purchase the commercial license. Well. You do need a license. No question about that. I did not say they are infringing the license, I was saying that unless they bought a commercial license for it they would be. Maybe bad wording on my part but when I read that article the security implications did not nearly strike me as much as the fact that the game has to ship libmysql. I find that much more surprising than the fact that it uses a world writable MySQL database for the editor support. > This page consumed all the resources on my Late 2010 MBA pretty quickly. Not that the real minecraft runs well, but it's far more playable than this version. Well. There are a couple of reasons for this. First of all: yes, it should keep 4 CPUs busy. I spawn of four background workers so it pretty much hogs everything. That said, not only the world generation is slow right now, also the VBO generation is because I do some very conservative invalidation which causes some VBOs to be generated multiple times. I have a lot of stuff that I can do to make this faster and my local version already performs better but I caused some bugs in the coordinate system conversion and my frustum culling. I have to iron this out first before I update the live demo. This version (rendering wise) on my Mac does actually render faster than Minecraft at equal rendering distances. It's perlin simplex noise and there will be a longer blog post about how it works. It's just work in progress :-) Yeah, the world generation is not that interesting in my version anyways. The interesting stuff is how it uses web workers to move that into the background and how the VBOs are updated (or will be once I have finished that). > I noticed something : when the viewpoint is lookint at a flying block wich is not that big, it's lagging the same as looking at the entire world. Is is rendering something in the background which is out of the view? Yes it is. I have experimental frustum culling implemented but something with the coordinates is wrong and it starts to cull things it should not. > But I can't understand why it's that slow ;( Because it's work in progress and in many parts the implementation is just not finished yet. I need to fix the frustum culling, I have to improve the front to back rendering, have to switch to transferred objects for the web workers where possible, speed up the critical code paths and fix the Chrome performance bugs that come from too many VBO switches. The high CPU usage is expected because I spawn off four background workers that peg all your CPU. It's not intended for public consumption yet, so don't jump to conclusions. When I have finished this it will perform better. > Or is this 'demo' asking too much of WebGL? The WebGL part is only half the story. It uses webworkers for the perlin noise generation and this is currently very slow in JavaScript. > "Wait a minute. Sure it's cool, but what's the point?" Learning. I really can't recommend that. SPDY requires an explicit upgrade of the connection. This has not been fixed since OS X Tiger. In fact, they even removed functionality that mitigated that problem. I used to run a small application that would patch the acceleration curves but that API has vanished since Leopard. :-( Would love to get feedback on that btw. I found it quite useful for dealing with our internal API which however is more strict regardings OAuth than facebook is. I had to add some hacks to make it work with Facebook :) > but it won't work with shared pool. `a = 10; b = 10; show_names(a)` will show both "a" and "b") That will actually show nothing because strings are not tracked by the cyclic garbage collector because they can never be part of cycles. Oh wow. I did not expect this to hit hackernews considering the slides are totally not intended to be consumed without notes. Let me just quickly point out a few things before I write up something longer about this thing. First things first: > I'd like to add that maybe Fireteam should have not chosen HTTP as a transfer protocol for games, where state is everywhere and HTTP is stateless. Although I don't feel qualified to suggest alternatives. We have very good reasons for supporting HTTP but it's not the only protocol we're implementing. As pointed out on one slide: HTTP is better supported than raw socket connections on certain devices we care about. > Trying to over-abstract network communication is one of the classic mistakes in distributed system design. We're not doing that. If you look at the slides we're 100% HTTP compliant, we don't make some fancy schmancy protocol on that just uses HTTP as a transport layer but does not embrace it. I have the "pleasure" to use SOAP in the past and this is not what we're after. We're basically treating HTTP as an implementation detail for JSON/urlencoded etc. REST. and we do that by sprinkling a ton of meta information around in the code. Once the request was dispatched to the function it's returned to the valuable information. One layer higher all the HTTP logic happens. The general workflow however is fundamentally different from what I did in the past with Flask or how Django works which also explains the title. I will write something up because I think from the slides alone you get a completely wrong impression about why this is cool :-) I will write something up later, unfortunately there is no recording from the talk and the slides by themselves are entirely useless. > We already have ONC RPC, DCE, Java's Remote Method Invocation, Jini, CORBA, SOAP, and .NET Remoting, among many others. Does this family of failure really need to grow any larger? Just that what we're doing is nothing of that. It's plain old HTTP with JSON. The implementation on the server side is the difference. > Interesting! This seems like something that might work well with 3.0's function annotation support with the ability to specify that the handler's input argument conform to either a the streaming or buffered interface. I thought so, but the annotations in Python 3 are largely useless. They would work if you could forward the signatures through a chain of decorators, but ther is no guarantee for that. I did play around with Python 3 but it's actually not in any way better for what we're doing here. > It feels like decorators provide the cleanest solution currently, but I've always wondered if there are alternatives. Decorators require a routing system that can resolve routing "dependencies". We're using the Werkzeug routing which was designed to do that. The basic idea is that it does not matter in which order you define the URL rules, the routing system figures out the ordering. If you don't have that, you would have to move the definitions to a central file (akin to urls.py in Django) to make this work because you need to define the ordering. We also experimented with having the meta information in JSON files but it was not really worth it. Having it next to the function makes it easier to maintain it. We're not abstracting HTTP away, we're just looking at the whole thing differently. In a way our code is RESTful and considers HTTP a way to implement REST. XMLRPC and other things throw all of HTTP over board with the exception of the entity body which removes all the advantages and reasons to use HTTP. Our stuff gives us an unified API and it's fully embracing HTTP. > There isn't any notion of 'buffered mode' in WSGI. It is just left up to the app to buffer as needed before yielding. Middleware and servers are not supposed to perform buffering. So I don't see how the two are conflated. How am I misunderstanding you? The problem is that you would have to support streaming because you don't know what the inner WSGI application is doing. Our stuff does not work on top of WSGI because of that. At the end of the day it is implemented as a WSGI application but it only uses WSGI for talking to the server. Last time someone submitted a draft of a blog post I accidentally published on my private blog titled "I'm doing HTTP wrong" about a talk I gave at PyGrunn 2012. I since pulled that and rewrote it to better show what our infrastructure is actually like. I'm more than happy to answer questions about that :-) Yes, we have something for that but it's customized for our type system. But I think I could probably write.something up about Sphinx customization. I haven't done the numbers in a while but from the given ratio I would assume your line checker tool treats docstrings as code. The red part there is for the most part just documentation, not code: https://github.com/mitsuhiko/flask/blob/master/flask/app.py (as an example) I would still recommend SQLAlchemy :-) I just pushed out a release that makes it possible to override the digest in a subclass easier. > I repeat: do not use SHA-1 in new applications. Probably, but not necessarily. It's not like the other sha versions are fixing the overall problem however. > Do not use this module. Even before the 0.13 release I just pushed out where you can override the module easier you could still easily change the hash method with a two line change. Also it's not like maintainers can't change things easily if modules are well defined. And even if the module would not allow changing the hash method easily SHA1 with HMAC is still incredibly hard to exploit. > Note to non-cryptographers: do not use low-entropy (password-ish) secretswith this, they can be bruteforced. (Using bcrypt/scrypt/PBKDF2 instead would fix this.) PBKDF2 for this would be possible, but a terrible idea. The reason why PBKDF2 works for password verification purposes on web apps is because you can rate limit the login entry point. Doing that for sessions or activation links like what you would use itsdangerous for is an easy way to have other people DDOS your app. PBKDF2/bcrypt etc. is not the solution for this problem. > ... when will they ever learn... When will some people on hackernews ever learn to start using their brain. PBKDF2 is not what you use to verify signatures. I think the name should already give that away. //EDIT: and when will I ever learn to read properly. I just realized that the comment was referring to the "salt" part, not the signature. > I forked the project and updated the hashing algorithm: https://github.com/andrewconner/itsdangerous That is not necessary, I adjusted the API so that you can easily subclass it and change the digestmod. > but it's a per-app password, so you can just do run bcrypt once, at startup. itsdangerous has nothing to do with passwords. It's about signing small messages and these messages are obviously created at runtime. > nonsense and just use a really strong secret key That's how you should use itsdangerous: use a strong secret key. > If rate limiting login attempts was all it took to protect passwords, then it wouldn't matter what hashing function you used, since the rate limiting would be independent of that. It does not matter what hashing function you use for the login. It matters in case your database leaks. > The use cases you described (session keys, activation links) are the perfect example of such environments. They are not. Because you don't want to reverse engineer the contents of the message (the message is there in plain text). That's the reverse of what you want to do with passwords. In case of the password you want to brute force what the password is, in case of a signed message you want to forge a signature. > The parent comment doesn't suggest using a PBKDF2-type construction to verify packets, but instead only to generate the secret key used by HMAC-SHA1. That's a one-time operation. I am officially an idiot now. I see where the original comment is going with. Namely the "salt" part of the library, not the verification of the signature. You can just use a different secret key or derive one yourself. I sincerely apologize for missing that and the comments that resulted from that. That said: the secret key is the important part there, not the salt. The salt is just used to alter the secret key that the use of the serializer in two different places for different purposes does not create the same signature. The intended usage of the whole thing is to not use the salt at all but to provide different secret keys. The "salt" part was taken from the original django implementation with the idea to stay mostly compatible with their format. Could that be improved by switching to PBKDF2? Probably, but breaking a lengthy secret key is an impossible operation currently, even with SHA1. > Also, PBKDF2 has nothing whatsoever to do with rate limiting login attempts. That's not what I meant. I meant that PBKDF2 on a server is feasible because you can rate limit the endpoint. I don't want my servers to be on 100% CPU because someone spams the login form. > I don't know what you mean by "lengthy secret key" `os.urandom(120)` for instance. That's what Flask and Django document. I can see how this is not obvious from the documentation which puts a human readable string in there and I will update it appropriately. > Also, HMAC "authenticates" and "verifies" messages; it doesn't "sign" them. "Signature" has a subtly different meaning in crypto. I agree. The use of the word signing for this however is quite widespread and I adopted the same meaning (and implementation) as with the original Django one for compatibility. > SHA256 As it is, the size of that digest is also 14 bytes more and I don't feel happy truncating the hash. The bigger SHA2 versions are even longer. Considering that thing should go into cookies and URLs I did not feel very happy with that. > You would indeed be better off using SHA256. Probably. I was indeed under the impression that SHA2 is based on the same building blocks as SHA1 but I assume that is not the case. That being said: upgrading is not hard if it even comes to the point where it would be necessary. > When using SSL, the remote domain name is transferred over the wire in plain text. Anyone able to sniff the traffic can know exactly what domains you're looking at, even when you're using HTTPS. Without SNI you can only have one domain name per IP so that security consideration is not really an issue. > can someone explain why it's idiotic? It's just very complex and until Python 3.3 it was very hard to split things on the filesystem. See also http://www.python.org/dev/peps/pep-0420/ Generally I think Brett Cannon has at least one talk online about how the Python import system works which is quite interesting. What you can't do with the Python import system is having an `org.foo.bar` and `org.foo.baz` as namespaces if they are from different PyPI packages unless you do some hoops (pre Python 3.3). > Does anyone know if namespace packages actually work? They used to work somewhat. I had flaskext.* registered as a namespace package but unfortunately it conflicts with pip which is why new Flask extensions name their package `flask_bar` instead of `flaskext.bar`. The exact problem is that setuptools uses pth magic to put libraries into a namespace package which conflicts with pip's idea of installing packages flat into site-packages. > check out the Python-dev thread where this is being hashed out ad-infinitum rather than flamed to death Where am I flaming anything to death here? The sole purpose of the post was to point out that certain things worked in setuptools that broke with the introduction of pip. That's neither bashing setuptools or pip, just stating something that you can observe yourself. It's an observation of an unfortunate effect of someone else taking the work of someone else to make a new tool and missing a usecase that the old tool supported with the end result of having two tools with overlapping usecases, but neither is a superset of the other. With some modifications virtualenv + pip works perfectly fine for us. It just takes some extra work and it's unfortunate that it had to happen. Personal lesson learned: try not to replace tools in the future without understanding all the usecases of the old tool first. > If you want to help I think that's one of the big fallacies of open source: that you should fix it yourself rather than saying that something is not working. I reserve the right to feel unhappy when something does not work and I reserve the right to share my experiences with others without having to feel guilty about not helping out. I tried patching pip to be able to install binary eggs but it turned out to be impossible without replicating all the logic in easy_install because pip by design does not follow it. Rather than making pip2 I decided against it and looked at what the problem actually is: we want to have fast builds. So we could solve the problem by copying over virtualenvs and fixing the paths. Perfect? No! But it's a simple fix and solves our problem. > I didn't see any vitriol in the article. I hope there was not because that was not my intention at all. It's more an observation that replacing things with other things is a dangerous thing because you can easily dismiss parts of the design as “useless” by accident. I had the feeling that happened when ditching setuptools and that's a mistake that problem should not be repeated. I made that mistake in the past already at one point where I tried to replace the Python logging library and I missde perfectly valid usecases in the process. > edit: also they work fine with pip so not sure what armin's issue here is. See this issue which ultimately made me ditch them: https://github.com/pypa/pip/issues/3 > That isn't the takeaway I got. It was that Setuptools is broken, but so is pip and distutils2. Pip lost very worthwhile functionality that exists in setuptools, namely binary eggs. The takeaway should be that it's very easy to miss usecases by accident when replacing tools with other tools. > This is what needs fixing! Pip with access to compiled windows binaries. That's the same issue really. Pip can't install (by design) binary distributions. Neither eggs nor .exes. So you are limited to easy_install on windows in many cases. > What is really ridiculous is to flame about how there is fragmentation in Python packaging, and COMPLETELY IGNORE the ongoing efforts which have made progress in exactly that area. And if someone tries to mention this progress, call them irresponsible. That is ridiculous. It was pointed out in the past already that packaging/distutils2 is not yet implementing all functionality of setuptools. Right now I would not recommend using it personally. Then again, just my opinion.