A bit of a different perspective to some of what Joel wrote. http://positivesharing.com/2006/07/why-the-customer-is-always-right-results-in-bad-customer-service) Apparently not even if you post it three times! I'm extremely excited about this site. Startup stuff has always been by far my biggest interest in Reddit since it launched. As Reddit has grown my interest has faded considerably. Long live YC News! This has got to make PG nervous. How many people's life is he affecting? :-) He's definitely had an impact on my priorities in a very big and positive way. I hope everyone who makes changes based on his inspiration and motivation does it with a clear head and can take responsiblity for the decision and outcome. That movie is really great -- the title is perfect. I think it's basically a lesson in what not to do. Two non-hackers start a company and skip the make-a-great-product stage completely. Watching them it feels like borderline fraud. -- I bought Spolsky's "Aardvark" documentary and enjoyed it a lot, but I wish it had more YC in it. I wish YC funded two guys to make a documentary about YC. If the guys were good at it maybe they could create a product around that. Maybe something that makes it easy for "normal" people to make documentaries. "At the last YC dinner Joe Krauss talked about..." Okay, that's just not fair. Paul Graham _AND_ Joe Kraus? That's like cheating. How much do I have to pay to have these dinners recorded and published on Google Video? I can't be alone in being willing to pay. (Yeah..I know this is one of the big features of YC so probably not willing to allow recording...*sigh*) Definitely search. I use reddit's search feature all the time to find old articles. Brad is definitely my biggest technical role model by far. A completely open source stack: Linux, Perl (Apache mod_perl), MySQL. Besides creating LiveJournal he created Memcached, Perlbal, MogileFS, and OpenID which power some of the biggest sites (even competitors which he is happy about). He probably holds the record for scaling on the cheap. He's also unbelievably steadfast in doing right by his users. He has lost a lot of control since selling to SixApart, but he's still working hard. His blog is super great reading for wanna-be's like me: http://brad.livejournal.com/ The way he tackles technical issues is inspiring as hell, he says "there should be X" and then hammers away non-stop until it exists. MySpace's success came in spite of their technology, not because of it. There's nothing technical at MySpace worthy of emulation. A real technology startup could have done much better. Fox is short-sighted, non-technical, and greedy. They had to buy a start-up for over half a billion dollars precisely because they can't develop software themselves. Some other company just needs to harness the third party sites and build a the big ecosystem MySpace is neglecting to build. Google, Amazon, LiveJournal, SixApart, Flickr, YouTube, Craigslist. Most any company who has had highly technical top brass. MySpace was created by suits, that's why it runs on Windows and cost many millions more than it should. A full-time startup project might mean 12+ hours a day. In that scenario it doesn't really hurt to spend the first few hours "getting in the zone" or "wasting time". If you only have a 3 hour slot then a couple non-productive hours can be crippling. http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Brad_Fitzpatrick I love this type of startup. It's the definition of doing "one thing well". I think there's room for thousands of "utility features" like this. No single company can possibly do more than a few of them well, which leaves a lot of room for the small development teams to pick one and own it. Joe Kraus calls vertical search "top down" entrepreneurship: http://www.ikiw.org/2006/09/18/a-conversation-with-joe-kraus-co-founder-and-ceo-of-jotspot/ These guys appear to be scratching their own itch, so I think they have a shot at least. Patents offer an illusion of protection -- their only real value is in boosting one's valuation. I think most technical barriers are an illusion too. It's ridiculously hard to create something new that actually works for users, but it's almost always trivial to clone something that exists. Sites with no competitive technical barriers: YouTube/Flickr/MySpace/Digg/Reddit/Blogger/Slashdot/IMDB, etc. Look how quickly video sites sprang up once YouTube showed us how to do it well. And despite the flood of more technically advanced clones, no one is making a dent in YouTube's traffic. I think it's a no-brainer to add Google Analytics to any site. I also have my own set of little analytics instrumentation for monitoring extremely specific behavior in real-time. '...Gates just meant "improving" when he said "optimizing".' I think that's the case. Anyone know if there is a video/mp3/text version of that talk? We seriously need a law requiring that all PG talks be televised and made publicly accessible. This information wants to be free even more than other information. I think "suits" like Guy Kawasaki and Seth Godin are hackers-in-wolves clothing. That's why I find their opinions interesting. This is a great list. Thank you. I think it's more the vision than just the idea that matters. Superficially understanding an idea and really "getting it" is different. In the end you're protected from most people by their own lack of knowledge, skepticism, small thinking, etc. The people who are smart enough to steal your idea, in a way that would be competitive, probably have their own ideas or would be willing to work together. Craigslist uses MySQL FULLTEXT indexing, so it definitely "scales". For all my big-time searching needs I use Xapian. Sure they do. One or all three of them will just buy a startup and rebrand its product. The way VCs raise their funds and get paid seems horribly broken. I think most of them hover between borderline fraud and out-right fraud. YC should kill all the sub-par VCs by scaling up massively and taking their billions in funding away. Very interesting for those of us playing the YC home-game to get a glimpse on occasion. Thank you. This is really a great question. It's tough being isolated and tiny. At this stage you would rather be hated than ignored, but one even cares enough to hate you. For your first users I think you have to do it "the hard way", by really _selling_ the product. Go manually find the low-hanging fruit for your product. Find the early adopters -- the people who will be delighted to learn your product exists and immediately understand its utility. Bug all the people you know and get them to use your product where it makes sense. Find customers using a crappy solution to the problem you have a good solution to. Help them move to your solution. python_kiss "If you don't know where you're going, you will end up somewhere else." I prefer "Wherever you go, there you are" python_kiss "Startups should always have a week long tactical plan and a rough strategic goal stretched upto three months." It doesn't matter how well you plan, you're going to run into brick walls. Most startups run into one and say "Oh damn, I guess we lost, let's go home." (secretly relieved to be giving up) -- other startups say "Brick wall? Where's my sledge hammer, this thing is toast!" Well, it's been a while and I still haven't had to confirm my password. I think this feature is working well. I love YC News, and definitely appreciate PG's minimalist tendencies (which made reddit so great). But there's something about this site that makes it hard for me to read. I've been browsing with "View->Page Style->No Style" which helps. I'm thinking it's something trivial like the gray visited links and small fonts. Anyone else find it hard to read? FYI: The win32 version of gvim is very good. My guess is most of the time the VCs are nervous about the business or don't get along with the people they're replacing. They want to install blindly loyal and controllable "yes men" to feel secure. Bringing in suits is still considered standard operating procedure. It's a shame how many mini-John Scully incidents (minus the happy ending) occur. ArsDigita is a famous example, and I imagine there have been hundreds of less dramatic and less public instances. It does seem like there would be legitimate scenarios where replacing top people may be necessary. Most of the time I would regard it as a likely-fatal symptom of a serious condition. He claims to agree with the move, but considering the timing of that investment it seems unlikely the decision was his. If he hasn't quit by '08 I will be surprised. Time to launch a LinkedIn competitor? When I'm learning something new I tend to switch back and forth between practice and study. Neither alone seems foster growth as fast as the combination. I think working on your startup counts as practice and this site counts as studying. I know because I am consistently running up against real issues that involve things I've learned. It has been very helpful, even in the minimal case of providing a frame of reference for making decisions. Joe Kraus' emphasis on "make what you measure" convinced me to start measuring some specific metrics in more detail. The end result was boosted numbers in some of my performance/growth stats. The most valuable things I've learned from other entrepreneurs are principles and methodologies. I apply them over and over again as I face specific issues. Guy said Garage is a $20 million fund. Other VCs do single deals for more than that. I think he's a straight shooter with upper VC stardom written all over him. His interview with Venture Voice talked a lot about Garage and he was very candid: http://www.venturevoice.com/2006/10/vv_show_39_guy_kawasaki_of_gar.html The problem is that most people buy into "the pie fallacy", as PG called it. An amazing number of people would honestly rather have 50% of $1 million than 10% of $100 million. Investors do want to see confidence and saying "We have three leasing options, hopefully we'll get one" is not as good as "We will be signing a lease very soon". Perhaps his VCs aren't very good and he feels forced to tell them what they want to hear? "Many will just day dream all day but never actually do anything. I was like that a few years ago..." Good news for anyone who's found themselves in a day-dreaming rut. Remember that you are not immutable -- you can be a loser now and a winner later , if you start towards that goal. "...then I finally sat down and did something, and kept forcing myself to do it till it became a pattern and it turned out hugely successful." He had to force himself, so that's a good sign that he probably had to do stuff that was not fun. PG has said that nasty problems pay better, so be prepared to not enjoy yourself at times. Yes you are the boss, so you get to decide what you work on, but there's a lot of nasty work to be done and if you don't do it no one else will do it for you. I did submit that one as well. He's definitely worth paying attention to. http://snapshot.compete.com/reddit.com+scribd.com This seems more likely to be the reality. Alexa is pretty broken. Sounds exactly like what I would expect from a VC and exactly the opposite of what someone like Larry Page would do. I think my energy is better spent fixing valid critiques and requesting a follow-up review once you have. Better to build something that can stand up to the harshest of reviews than run around spraying perfume on dung. Reminds me of PG writing about how much persistence it took and pain it was for Loopt to make any headway with the carriers. Steve Jobs has battled both the recording industry and the phone carriers and in both cases even _he_ has had to compromise a lot. Those massive entities seem about as geared towards innovation as banks. It sounds like they're going to shotgun together some EVDO cards so they have enough bandwidth for a high quality stream? I wonder if they've created some kind of proxy to split up the stream and reassemble it with some hacked up cam-driver or something. Hopefully it's not too complicated a system. Very interesting if it works out. Latency with EVDO isn't great, but mostly good enough. WiFi is pretty useless for mobile broadcasting because it's not very mobile. Thousands chase the dream to be independently wealthy through hacking. To have the FU money required to live a truly free life. So what's it like to go from stressing about an unexpectedly high phone bill to deciding where in the world you want to live and which car matches your personality best? Most programmers live pretty comfortable lives, but there's a vast difference between making ends-meet and having enough money to make decisions without that being the biggest factor. It seems like the few who've achieved this have all been strangely silent. I suppose they don't want to be seen as flaunting it, but I think there's plenty of room to discuss this without going over that line. Have any hackers discussed this publicly? I could be wrong, but I think there's an auto-voting exploit here with the bookmarklet submission API. Without a preview page before submission anyone could load YC news URLs that result in auto upvotes for any number of articles. Another sort of separate issue I think is with submissions that include URLs pointing to "news.ycombinator.com" in general, they should probably be disallowed completely to be safe. I'm not trying to do anything abusive whatsoever, just poking around. Yeah, that would be good I think. I usually modify the title anyway after submission, since most page's 's aren't very good. "Be Narrow," he said, "Be Tiny." Today, he flat-out admitted "I was working on Odeo at the time I wrote that, and I was ignoring most of those rules." The difference between knowing something intellectually and actually living it. It's so easy to convince yourself you're following your own rules, even when you're not. Well this is exactly the kind of thing that isn't very obvious. It sounds like once you're wealthy there's a new set of rules you have to live by. It's a shame everyone has had to re-learn these things for themselves because a few bad apples can control their jealousy. Very good to hear it's somewhere in your essay queue though. I'll try not to get rich before you write it, so I have some idea of what to expect :-) As much as I'm a fan of Open Source and support Firefox I don't think there's realistically any battle to be fought here. Flash has nearly 100% install base across every single browser and can get users to upgrade extremely quickly with their nearly-automatic upgrade system. Not to mention the horde of experienced Flash developers chomping at the bit to make offline versions of their apps. Markus Frind posted this on his blog a short while ago: http://plentyoffish.wordpress.com/2007/03/15/custom-channels/ It sounds like you can at least split things up by age. Listening to your inner critic will convince you every idea you have, every opportunity to consider, everything you do and say, are worthless. If only there was a way to kill that skeptical prick. I think my inner critic could have convinced Steve Jobs that PCs would never take off. I'm not saying Apollo will replace Firefox -- just that Apollo will win the war for developer attention in developing "rich internet applications". This is a PayPerPost astroturfing spam blog post. Do not upvote. msgbeepa is spamming these regularly. Not sure this would be much of a problem with consumers. How many people know about open source reverse engineered implementations of file sharing protocols? It might even be a plus. Samba is a successful project, perhaps they can milk some of that goodwill from the subconsciouses of those who do know. I can almost taste the mediocrity. "The firm prides itself the equal status of its partners, in contrast to many other firms, where there can be hierarchies ranging from managing partner on top to the suitcase-carrying principal at bottom. The Benchmark partners took a "pay-cut" to bring Lasky on board -- dividing profits ("carry") and fees by eight, instead of seven." Not knowing much about the way VCs are structured internally I found that pretty interesting. It does seem like a big vote of confidence that they would split profits like that -- just like a startup might. "The only real benefit I can see on top of a merely above-average-income western lifestyle is that you don't need a job." How about the security of knowing that you're able to provide a safety net for your loved ones in an emergency? Or the ability to self-fund your own projects without having to settle? I'm not saying being rich makes you happy or that it doesn't have its own set of problems -- just that it can provide the freedom of choice and financial security to allow you to worry about the truly big challenges in life. Spending 75%+ of your waking hours working just to put food on the table is pretty boring, even cavemen had this much. Thanks for the heads-up post. This is great. I've long hoped there'd be some way for those of us that can't attend YC stuff to get a peak. In case any Justin'ers read this: On the Lingr chat I can't send messages in either Opera9 or Firefox2 under Linux. Tried other Lingr chats and they work fine, so probably something Justin specific. Error: times has no properties Source File: http://justin.tv/screens/js/prototype-chat-poll-justintv-swfobject-rico-effects-lingr-json Line: 2552 (I'll email this bug report as well) Amazon's is just an affiliate program, no? That's kind of the opposite of what Google is doing. I love it and I'm rooting for them big time. From the FAQ: "Apollo 1.0 will not be available on Linux. We plan to release Linux support shortly after the 1.0. release. While we had originally planned to support Linux in the 1.0 timeframe, we have had to wait on the core Flash Player's support for Linux to be finalized." Well maybe if they had more than a single Linux Flash developer it would have been finished quicker. Watch them use this same excuse to push it back even further. I'm thinking WB feels that way because he's super smart and a lot of complicated things really are simple for him. He's able to see through to the root of problems where others get distracted by the noise. Reminds me of this one from PG: "I've found that people who are great at something are not so much convinced of their own greatness as mystified at why everyone else seems so incompetent." This is the kind of thing that you should probably not spend any time on. Risk is the name of the game and this is one of the smallest. It might even be riskier post copy/paste legal documents. Because you're not a lawyer you don't know what ramifications it could have on any future litigation. Apparently someone used a teletype service (intended for the hearing-impaired) to call police and report a stabbing. Police arrived with guns drawn. ( These teletype services are frequently used for credit card fraud as a way for the perpetrator to remain anonymous. ) I'm as optimistic as anyone and hope they do get a lot more attention, but let's not ignore the fact that they're still living off the post-launch high. It remains to be seen if they can move people from novelty to loyal viewers and how big the audience is for this particular show. I'll definitely be tuning in regularly. Hell, I'd pay if they keep the quality good. The content of #17 doesn't really match the title in my opinion. I read the content more like "Solve a Problem You Have or Have Observed Yourself". So many people want to start a company, any company, that they end up cloning someone else's solution with the idea that because they're so smart they can do it better. Sometimes this works, but it's a huge gamble because your product starts out 95% similar to someone else's and they're already way ahead of you. Flixster is attacking an old tired monopoly (IMDB) that stopped innovating 10 years ago. Killing dinosaurs seems a pretty successful strategy -- worked for Google. Just don't try killing Flickr by cloning it and adding some oddball feature only techies care about. It would be nice to be able to downvote this kind of submission. Same reason they're on YC News: They're doing something remarkable, in the Godinian sense. ( http://www.sethgodin.com/purple/ ) Competition could help -- "someone to race against" as Reid Hoffman discussed in an interview. "Shared Struggle" is one of the most compelling reasons for doing startups. A small ragtag band of hackers battling the odds. When you're trying to do it alone there's the feeling that even if you did make it no one would know how hard it was. Besides, who's going to write the tell-all memoir about the "real" you? Arrington has previously declared CNet his Goliath. I think things like Crunchgear is what he has in mind for expansion. My take is that he finally realized no one can take over writing Techcrunch for him and maintain the quality that makes it so great. So he's hired Harde to work on all the details of implementing his Grand Media Empire Strategy while he's busy feeding the cash cow. You have to wonder if Reed Hasting has read http://paulgraham.com/opensource.html It'd be awesome if we could find out. "It sounds great, in theory, but would be hard to implement." There's nothing difficult about implementing it. Clearly your employer just doesn't buy the concept at all. They probably only offer 3 weeks (slightly higher than average) as a recruiting incentive, which is pretty dishonest if they don't actually let you use it. The reasoning behind this concept is what's important. It's about treating employees as equal partners in a relationship, as opposed to children, like most employers do. Definitely read this essay if you havent: http://paulgraham.com/opensource.html Thanks for the stats, I was curious how things were progressing. I wished for such a site (I thought it would be a subreddit) for a long time. Happy to see it's going well. I don't think you have to quantify anything, it's not a matter of science or math -- it's about how much that money means to you . Just imagine some rich guy with a checkbook. Imagine what the minimum number he has to write in order to take your three month old baby. It's a realistic situation and the guy with the checkbook isn't going to pay you what you "want" he's going to pay you what you won't say "no" to. Assume it's a cash only deal, but figure that if it's Google you'd go even lower on cash if it meant you have a sweet job and salary -- that's obvious. "...not the ones that are ugly because there was no money to hire a designer, or because the programmer thought he was a designer." Like Google or Craigslist? Necessity is not only the mother of invention, it seems to have another child: great design. Spammer please spam elsewhere. Wish I could vote it up 10 times. Best. Post. Evar. No one seems to care, there's such a dire need for his site and no clear alternative. Read his disclosure at the bottom of http://www.techcrunch.com/about-techcrunch/ He's gotten involved with a lot of startups he has profiled and heavily leverages his position to push his investments. Not as good as Yahoo just before a massive jump in stock price :-) Very interesting. Thanks. What about charging a subscription? Viaweb was low-cost for the day, but would you even offer subscriptions at all if you were doing again today? I think the way a lot of other people would do this is by making it a hosted re-brandable application with a subscription fee. JotSpot is a good example. This removes some of the biggest obstacles to adoption because the customer doesn't have to worry about installing, upgrading, security, maintenance, etc. For the larger customers who must have the machine inside their firewall you can alway role out an "Appliance" version something like the Google Search Appliance. He did follow up on this post: http://www.techcrunch.com/2006/12/25/a-year-later-the-companies-i-wanted-to-profile-but-didnt-exist/ "I don't really like the writer's attitude attacking his readers -- am I the only one here?" Surely you're being a bit sensitive because this topic hits so close to home. Try not being so defensive, sometimes the last thing you want to hear is just what you need. You may be discouraged, but I don't think he's trying to do that. He just happens to agree with almost everyone I've heard from on this issue. Feel free to prove yourself as an exception, no one has said it's impossible. Maybe collecting a list of single-founder companies would be inspirational for you? Here's some off the top of my head: Brad Fitzpatrick/LiveJournal, Markus Frind/PlentyOfFish, Mark Fletcher/ONElist. "I think there's some value to actually thinking about business models earlier in the process. Simply identifying market opportunity (i.e. how do you make money)" I think at least it's a valuable exercise to imagine that you're not going to have a free version of your product. Imagine that you're actually selling it to a real customer. Would you be embarrassed to say it costs money? How would support work differently? How about uptime? Who would actually pay? I'm not sure that's necessary in all cases, but it does seem to raise a lot of interesting questions useful for self-examination. msgbeepa is a spammer. This is a paid post and spam submission. It's considered bad taste to create your own entries. This will be gone as soon as a Wikipedia editor comes along and marks it "non-notable". You're not helping yourself with this kind of spammy approach. What's interesting to me is how delayed this post was -- the response time of an official editor. TechCrunch is the Slashdot of startup news and YCN is the Reddit. "- Tend to have trouble empathizing with others." That's bad news: "And so hackers, like painters, must have empathy to do really great work." -- http://www.paulgraham.com/hp.html Thank you very much. They're selling a highly addictive substance and have millions of addicts. I think they can dilute their brand -- they just better not dilute their coffee. A much more noble attitude than plugging your ears and humming -- which is how many people seem to react to this harsh reality. The fact is that Kapor himself was very young when he made his mark. There are far more similarities between him and Zuckerberg than differences, regardless of their opinions . "I think building a diverse team (assuming everybody is highly capable of course) wins most of the time." We know diversity over the long-term is safer. Perhaps in startups, where the timespan is short, specialization and myopic vision win out? Where do you see examples of diverse startups being successful? From what I see most are made up of young male geeks who could be brothers. "... in early 20s coming up with next set of Lotus features." Why not? The only reason I can image is because they wouldn't likely be allowed to try. Instead they have to create something entirely new and better that makes it obsolete. Funny you think that statement means anything useful. Facebook certainly is powered by technology and its future certainly relies on innovating using technology. Why don't you clarify what you mean in more than a single sentence? An attempt an analogy: Some people would find it less stressful to pilot a small aircraft over open waters than be a passenger in a large jet flying over land. How useful are type "a" people at all? Sounds like a kind definition of people lacking passion and the desire to grow. Isn't hiring them a recipe for mediocrity at any stage?