Some lower end routers/modems may still be MIPS and some set top boxes/media players are as well. Ignore the plugin install then. Download links for text/slides/video are available in a number of formats in the bottom right hand corner of the page. IIRC these clones may not be able to play all games - especially ones with add-on chips (Super Mario RPG is the only example I can think of right now) Maybe GitHub for Windows will alleviate some of the problems with bad key handling, but I wonder if a few strategically logged bug reports with GitExtensions and TortoiseGit would go a fair way to fixing a lot of the friction people experience. I wonder how that bypass works. You can group subreddits together with a + symbol between them - e.g. reddit.com/r/technology+gadgets+programming Were there any issues with swapping out Backbone's built in templating for handlebarjs? Any extra info in the script console? I really wish Windows would store this info in NTFS alternate streams. I'll have to check my files when I get home Should I move from Delicious to this? What are the advantages of this over that? I think there should also be an RSS tag somewhere in the markup to let Google Reader et al find your feed automagically. Elaborate? How can a developer check his or her applications against this without needing to run Norton Internet Security or AV. If this isn't possible, is there a cheap(er) option that I can get my hands on that still includes this reputation check? Any idea how that's working? I've never seen image resizing work that well! Maybe I misunderstand this, but couldn't someone write a driver for Cygwin to have a better fork implementation? Were you running out of entropy? If so, how did you solve it? (If you're allowed to divulge that) That's interesting. The Australian branch of Ticketmaster uses queuing and delays to handle load and still often crashes when "big" events go on sale (annual festivals, Radiohead) Just to let you know, you'll have to request your keys over a number of days as there appears to be a limit to the number of keys you can claim within a 24 hour period. Have you tried the "feather" UI from the Youtube Labs/beta page? Any idea if these are the characters GoSMS uses as "emoji"? i.e. is it a defacto standard? Seems to me that PHP bulletin boards are always a (easy?) target. Any idea what bus the eSATA port is attached to? the DreamPlug is similar to the CuBox but the eSATA is hooked up internally via USB2, limiting its speed dramatically For your printer problems, funnily enough installing Bonjour for Windows on both machines can help quite a lot. Ah, sorry. I had sharing and discovery confused. I thought Bonjour allowed (easier) installation of shared printers though. I actually think the issues page would be a better first-step Has this info leak been fixed? Would you still recommend LastPass in this case? Thank you for teaching me a new term! http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Veblen_good I would be VERY interested to see a packet capture of the same page when you're under and near your cap. Nice idea, needs some graphs maybe? Also, a search for C# returns Linus as the top result ;) There's something a little off about your code screenshot - it's very slightly blurry. Any chance of replacing it with an embedded gist? This isn't Mikko Hypponen's sense of humour - I'd say it's real, even if it is ridiculous. I've noticed a steep rise in the difficulty of reCaptcha captcha's too. There isn't anyone I can contact about it, is there? The requests library in Python will check your certs. docs.python-requests.org/en/latest/user/advanced/#advanced Yeah, I posted this below. It's mentioned in the advanced section. Why checking your SSL certs is an advanced topic I don't know. Thanks. Did I miss the TOC or was that a hidden anchor? Yes, but you're then reliant on the proxy to do the validation for you. My corporate proxy chokes on it too. An error occurred while performing an ICAP operation: File decompression/decode error; File: CorkaMIX.zip; Sub File: No file name available; Vendor: Kaspersky Labs; Engine error code: 0x00050000; Engine version: 8.1.8.79; Pattern version: 120801.124000.8311194; Pattern date: 2012.08.01 12:40:00 Is there a preferred standard for using the SD/external storage on Android? Any chance of allowing this to be used internationally? Maybe an SMS to Google Talk bridge? The brilliant thing about bsnes (the "crazy" emulator you're referring to) is that the author has worked with researchers to reverse-engineer all of the secondary chips that SNES carts used - even an ARM3 chip. Your Macbook should be fine, I'd probably use Disc Utility to dump the disc to an ISO if you have the space. Can you elaborate? I haven't had to use cherry-picking or rebasing and I'm not sure if I'm missing out on anything. Why? 100mbit will do HD content even from a Bluray M2TS file. Agreed. It's clear, it kept me interested and I made sure I read it thoroughly instead of just skimming https://github.com/twitter/bootstrap/issues/4325 Now that's cool. Wonder if it still works. Any chance you remember which issue? I think either VirtualBox or VMware Workstation can detect Ctrl-Alt-Delete - it then asks you if you meant to send that to the guest VM. Any idea how that works if there's protection on Ctrl-Alt-Delete? I must be reading the wrong Python tutorials. Thank you for this This makes me sad - no one appreciates quality any more. Youtube's audio bitrates max out at 160kbit. Hope your bandwidth is cheap - how compressible are these files? Also there's a few suggestions to just send the diffs after the initial model which is a really good idea. Amazing what a change in tone will do for a product/API/launch announcement. Any particular threads worth digging up? Melbourne, Australia appears to be a coffee Mecca. Have the Melbournites moved over there now? Google translate yielded: Service and Support Technical and General Affairs Office hours: 08:00 to 18:00, Front-hour on-call, 24/7 as an option Tel: 08-555771 55 Fax: 08-555 771 99 Mail: support@bahnhof.se Sales Questions regarding contracts and RFPs. Hours: 9:00 a.m. to 17:00 Tel: 08-555771 50 Fax: 08-555771 99 Mail: sales@bahnhof.se iSCSI + PoE. Sign me up please. Yes, there's the CredWrite API - http://msdn.microsoft.com/en-us/library/windows/desktop/aa37... , although I must admit I like the OS X keychain a lot better. pagetable.net and www.pagetable.net don't seem to resolve. > DiG 9.8.1-P1 > pagetable.net ;; global options: +cmd ;; Got answer: ;; ->>HEADER strace still blows me away every time I use it. ProcMon on Windows does some of the same stuff, but there's really no comparison. Might want to post that to the issue tracker I hate to be ungrateful but I'd like to see HD versions next time - in a lot of Australian broadcast areas there aren't any HD stations over the air any more. Highlight of #Olympic2012 so far: seeing Americans struggle with not having immediate access to new content ( http://www.readwriteweb.com/archives/how-nbcs-olympics-strat... ) ndiswrapper is/was more a function of the hardware vendors not supporting Linux/supporting Linux very badly. Go look at some of the early Linux Realtek drivers for example. The Paralympics coverage is abysmal by comparison. It's really sad. Why? Why? Love the URL! More info please? Go to the event, spend the first half an hour talking to people, then find a team and give it a shot. Can the A10 run Linux-proper (not Android) yet? Do you remap ESC to another key? Wouldn't Amazon stomp on you pretty quickly for this? Sorry, I'm looking for confirmation that they've booted a mainline kernel on it. Bonus points if the graphics chip is supported (I was confused, I thought it was on-die but it's not) Interesting. This is the same chip that's used in the Netduinos. It's quite a step up from the Atmel chips used in most Arduinos but I can't quite find a use for one. Where can I still use bang-paths?! xdr.js will mostly work for IE7/8 as far as I can tell. Hey, I'm an Aussie using PayPal and this is the first time I've heard of this. Where can I go to read more? All of his code reviews are excellent. Highly recommend the Quake ones. http://dumps.wikimedia.org/other/search/ is the direct link. Will be interesting to do some compression tests with these files - I think Wikimedia could save quite a bit of bandwidth by using LZMA or similar. Use POST. GET is not meant for that amount of data. Alternatively, GET by a shorter ID. You write a well documented application that is useful, adheres to as much of REST as you can and leave the theories to other people. Now if only I could convince the wheelchair industry to do the same. Just off the top of my head: * One manufacturer and one manufacturer only of the parts for my particular wheelchair (A Quickie GTX by Sunrise Medical) * High prices as customers often don't have any other options * Occasionally the company won't deal with me as I'm only ordering 1 or 2 parts at a time, not hundreds * Proprietary parts requiring complicated installation - unfortunately I can't direct link but have a look at any of the front brace/fork assemblies on http://www.sunparts.us/ * Slow shipping times from the US to Australia, requiring me to plan ahead for any future damage/repairs! Does this use a Mozilla Services Account? If so, your password reset function hasn't been working for a year... For those of us outside the US / who don't follow NFL, what's the joke I'm missing? https://github.com/uams/geturl/issues/7 Edit: pull request submitted. As of an hour ago it works on 2.6 :D Be proud, your domain has made BlueCoat's list of "proxy avoidance" sites and is blocked at my workplace. I wish them all the best, but I can't say I'm optimistic. The N900 was one of the best phones I owned. Nothing on pagekite.me, will check the other tomorrow. Looks interesting, but can you give an example using MS Tests/NUnit that's much simpler/clearer with ExpectBetter? Maybe I'm a strange person, but unencrypted FTP makes me cringe. I'd much rather add a Filepicker-specific SSH key restricted to sftp/scp. How are they paying for this? I'm finding it very hard to feel any sympathy for these advertisers. What the article doesn't say is how many platters in a current 3TB hard drive. http://www.pcworld.idg.com.au/review/servers_storage/seagate... says there are 3 platters in the newest Seagate drives - so potentially we could see 6TB drives from this! Pity there's only 1000 of these, it'd be fun to see if I could flash this with a newer OS. Looks like only the cover art was leaked, not the games. I'm feeling a bit kickstarter-ed out. So many small electronics projects. Good luck, though. Isn't Opus for speech?