I think there is this big confusion about jobs and money. And that the psychological view is overlooked. We want to feel important. And we want freedom to do whatever we want to do. While automation gives more freedom, it makes us feel less important? What we can do with a washing machine, everyone else can do too. But the question is, do they want to? With more automation we will see more and more services. And even more possibilities. The reason why you understand this better then numbers might be because you are more visual orientated. The web is for information. It was not made to emulate desktop or mobile applications. That said. Information can mean many things. And there will be hybrids. You can do offline apps in HTML+CSS+JS right now, but it's a PITA: var a = document.createElement("a"); a.appendChild(document.createTextNode("hacker news"); a.setAttribute("href", " https://news.ycombinator.com/ "); If your app contains information, it's best suited for the www. But if it only contains a canvas, it's more suited as a native app. The problem you see is what I like about the language. The javascript languages is great because I'm not forced into other peoples way of thinking. With javascript I can choose my own paradigms. module system: You can implement your own. Node JS has one built in. verbose syntax: Use an editor that support macros. But compared to dot net and Java, the JS syntax is not verbose at all. getters and setters: I actually love not having to to write getters and setters every time I want to add a property. One important part in JS though is good naming. You can't get away with naming everything x, y, z, a, b, c, etc. Once you figure out that everything in JS is objects, it will be much easier. What is happening, but going so slow we do not notice it. Is that the www is merging with the application. What annoys me though, is that we still use "word", "excel" and PDF. Well not me, but everyone else seem to do it. The HTML was a good invention, but too bad so few people use it. Maybe hyper text sounds too old and and maybe a sexier name is all it needs to become popular again. I'd say blame the people that don't want more then 10 Mbit. And think that everyone who has 10+ Mbit only use it for "illegal activities". What's with the Node JS architecture that makes it not suitable for compute-heavy tasks? I'm developing an MMO server in Node JS. So this is welcome in for example Vector calculations. The reason I choose JS is that I can write "dumbed down" code, that just anyone with JS experience can manage. Hopefully, JS will be just as fast as optimized C++ in the near future ... First you will ignore it, then laughs at it ... In Node JS you can spawn child processes. It's also designed to be asynchronous. But what I like about JS is that it doesn't force me into paradigms. And when you run something heavy in Node JS the VM can use many threads. So I think it's weird to say it's single threaded. Aren't all programming languages single threaded then? These losers wouldn't even dare to touch a RL girl. Even though it would be perfectly legal to have sex with someone as young as 16 or even 12 in many countries. So why make their lives any more miserable? Those who abuse girls IRL should burn in hell though. It makes sense so ship an editor with a reader. So that you can communicate both ways, both create and consume. Now we only need a way to share! Does this mean we can run JS on embedded systems / low cost CPU ? That would be awesome. I think what happens with all intermediate or senior programmers is that we start to think about the best solution instead of just getting the job done. Most code we write will either not be used or eventually rewritten anyways. Try Kerbal Space Program. If you do multi line strings you could probably do it in a smarter way. Examples: appendChild instead of innerHTML .html file instead of html inside a .js file. .css file instead of css inside a .js file. It can get very messy if you store "data" inside JS. Especially if you store markup or styling in the JS. The program is probably hooking into the web browser, because you need to start some Origin games (BF 3) via the browser! Yeh, I'm not joking. A similar thing happened for me with Googleupdate.exe it scanned all my hard drives ... They don't do it any more but I still remove googleupdate.exe every time it magically gets installed on my system. What are total human height doing there? And what is it? Btw, US get more tax revenue every year then there are galaxies in the universe ... I failed PC in HS. I'm the only one who took that class that is a computer professional today. These classes only scare people away from computers. It would be far more effective teaching "hacks" and how to find information on the Internet. What is it in hexadecimal? What I think would be a limited factor is the bandwidth: You need at least 35 megabit per second for streaming full HD video+sound ... While most people are stuck on 5 Mbit Internet or 50 GB/month quota. One of the problems with encrypting almost everything, even pictures of your dog, is that it no longer brings suspicion ... And programs like these can send any information without you knowing about it. Encrypted data is not a security protection, it's a security risk! Because you have no idea what information they send. Probably a lot more then they tell you, because there's no way you can find out. A friend of mine lost the left side of his brain ... And he's all right now! This needs to be ported to JavaScript, or at least update the Math library to include Vectors. What many people seem to overlook is that gravity is linked to time (space time)! So instead of the "black hole" being massive, it could be that time is running fast! When astronomers measure the mass of the black hole, they simply measure the acceleration of nearby stars, using newton's formula. They might use fancy words, but the math is very basic. Now, if time ran faster, like if you made the measurements while accidentally having the video speed in fast forward. The stars would accelerate faster, and you would get a higher mass. While multitasking is bad for productivity, most workplaces require multitasking ... Some people even perform better while multi-tasking. So I think it varies a lot from person to person. Sometimes I wonder if ppl actually know there's more stuff in the world then what the eye can see. Like that there's more stuff in the universe, then just the glowing stars. > I can buy the game new with free prime shipping for $17.99 which makes the "rent 90 days for $30" rather odd I would say the 90 days is the "evil" option, because it makes the others seem like a bargain. There's a lot of psychological in in sales because it's almost impossible to "value" something. All you can do is to compare it to market prices. I especially like the "and get something extra for FREE" trick. :P Doesn't all modern programming languages has Loose typing? It allows more abstraction. Like for example in JavaScript where a object can be anything! I wonder about the legal aspect of this, since Diplomacy is a fairly modern game. Do they have permission from the creator of Diplomacy? Or is it fully legal to take a board game and make a web version of it? One side of taxing work is that it creates an incentive for automation. What I find interesting is that many papers use references from the 70's and some times even 100 years old, in where they used very crude tools to come to certain conclusions. I'm not saying we should discard old science discoveries, but it would be interesting redoing the experiments with today's technology. I've been thinking about this (JavaScript object persistent storage) for a while: The dilemma is circular objects and the prototype chain. What should be taken from the run-time and what should be taken from the persistent object? So if they aren't falling. What are they doing? I can't believe OCR has not been solved yet. The only one even close is OmniPage. In the past, when I used to cheat at various web games by running scripts, this would've been a wet dream. When making gravity simulations you need to "cheat" a little to make the planets and the stars keep a stable orbit. It makes one amaze over how stable our own star system is. Wouldn't it be much easier if lets-encrypt just created the .crt .key files!? Rather then set it up automagically. You could have it run once a year via crontab. I would like to keep the control of my .conf files. I don't know any games besides chess and tic tac toe where a bot have been able to beat a good player ... I did some testing a while ago in V8 engine and didn't see any performance benefits using bitwise operations. It seems the engine do these optimizations anyway! I wouldn't recommend anyone doing optimizations in especially JavaScript unless it's really needed. Remember that optimizations are the root of all evil! With the Opera browser it takes over a second to load the GUI whenever I click something, and the overall design looks like it has been made by someone making his/her first homepage. No wonder they decided to use something that encourage in-line HTML where code and design get entangled like a pile of spaghetti - making it almost impossible to maintain. In the last years JavaScript has exploded with new frameworks and "compile to JS languages". But I have yet seen anything close to usable. Maybe it's because I've become "speed blind" after coding JS for over 15 years. I do not see all the problems ppl see in JavaScript, until I look at code written by beginners that seem to use every framework out there, and over-complicate the code, and naming everything with one letter variables and the name of their favorite pizzas. Lets say you have a bunch of textures and want to create a pattern for each of them. Most people would do it like this: for(var i=0; i Witch will summon the evil closure: for(var i=0; i But if you used my silver bullet: Avoid anonymous functions - the root of evil ... for(var i=0; i The web page looks like a marketing scam ... At least show me a presentation or developing video. When I watch or listen to anything for the second time I only get about 75% of the enjoyment out of it. But it might be something wrong with me ... Possible because they don't want USA/NSA to read their mail. And probably because they can't force Google to let them read "their" mail. Kinda exactly like HN works, very addictive! Interesting observation. I think, the more abstraction, the more productive you can be. This is the best article I've read in years. This guy understands economics, design, copy-writing and apparently knows how to code. What usually would need a whole team of highly educated professionals he seems to do all by himself ... I really enjoyed Spotify and had many play-lists with my favorite music. But when the discovery of new music declined and I got bored with my play-lists I closed the account and have never opened it again. The curve never go up, but with some songs it have flattened and those are my favorites. But it has more to to with the feelings associated to those pieces then the music itself. It would be interesting to work on Amazon and decide how many off-line CPU's you should have ready to "spin up" if needed ... Also considering Moore's law. Selling to private persons is a bureaucratic nightmare in EU! If you managed to market your app and managed to get paid, you now have to be registered for VAT in the country you are selling to. And there are tons of rules like 10 day money back return that are enforced by law in most countries. If you serve adds (or crapware) instead, you get a monthly paycheck witch require minimal accounting work or customer support. NW.js has both the Browser JavaScript API's and the Node.js API's. It is bleeding edge technology witch enable you to make desktop applications the same way you make web apps. It can be weird if you are used to HTTP server > client as it's possible within a script tag to use Node.js API's. An advantage with going desktop instead of browser is that you can do much more and it's easier to sell your application. There are for example already games on Steam that are just web apps, but using NW and run "natively" on the desktop. You do not need an SDK, or full blown IDE, just use your usual tools. I program in Notepad myself. Just write html and JS files and treat NW as just another browser. Then package and distribute your app and the user wont notice or care that they are using a "browser". Compared to the Canvas 2d API, OpenGL is VERY hard to get into. It's very low level compared to the rest of the browser API's. It's a very sad story behind this. How they marketed directly to the DayZ community claiming that their game would be 10 times better then DayZ. Basically trying to over-run Dean Hall, the one man developer of DayZ, who had it very though at the time, with a horde of angry gamers demanding updates. Dean was basically making nothing developing DayZ because he wasn't allowed to monetize it (because it was a Arma2 mod). While the War-Z team made tons of cache on pre-purchases even before their game had been released. The War-Z totally deserved the shit-storm when players discovered they didn't even live up to half of all the promises and hype. Why don't you use sublime while "editing somewhere else"? Make sure you start high then request a 5% raise Every year! If you wait five years and request 25% it's Never gonna happen! If possible, try to get 2.5% every six month. Thanks! I was hopping someone would interpret that. Also, your boss probably hates these talks just like you do, and want to get you out of the room as fast as possible. So go low and often. Most people will actually endure a sign-up process. We are so used to it. But you should stop asking for an e-mail address! Or make it optional. I always start "backwards" by writing some example code. QBasic was also how I started programming. When I found out you can edit the code ... I printed programs on the school printer. Then typed it in when I got home, as we did not have any Internet. Sometimes I got banned for printing non-school-work. I've heard similar stories from people printing machine code, so I guess it wasn't that bad writing QBasic. This is very impressive! The most advanced JS 2d rigid body physics engine to date! You can do a lot of optimization though, probably double the speed. Tip: V8 loves objects and hates parsing strings. Your functional spaghetti style is a bit weird though. I hate using the "find in file" function in my editor. I wanted to "rip" some of the functionality, but it's so entangled I would probably need all your other functions too to make it work. But maybe that's intended :P Many people, me included, would be willing to pay for an engine like this. I tried your "Game physics for beginners" but I'm too stupid to understand all the articles from math professors. I could probably learn, but I rather pay someone who understands. But for me to use your engine, the API needs to be much easier! Something like this: var box1 = new Body(size, position); var world = new World({gravity: 9.8}); world.add(box1); world.render(); console.log('New position: ' + box1.position); Box2D is ported from C++ to Flash and then from ActionScript to JavaScript. So it might be slow to get updates and bug fixes. But it looks usable and seems to have the same features as Matter.js Math is good for explaining some logic, but I wish it was more verbose and used less global scope. Probably they are changing business plan to take 25-30% of each app ever sold for the OS instead of just charging for the OS itself. Finally, you do not have to port your app to all devices. And hopefully you, as a user will be able to control how much access each app has to the computer. Imagine buying a new smart-phone with lets say Android, then you install Windows 10 on it instead and everything just works. The only problem I see is that they need to make the SDK easier for me to start making native apps instead of web apps. Especially the UI part. The computer could probably store moves that ended up in a win. Or collecting statistics on what moves have a higher chance ending up in a win. Maybe sexual education should include computer security too. Now when many people have relations over the Internet. Just like you learn to protect yourself with condoms, you should also learn to protect yourself with strong passwords and encryption. Google can not see JS-rendered stuff. They only do simple HTTP-requests. Googlebot doesn't even load the .js files ... Try searching your http log for \.js.*Googlebot Write simpler code. Wasn't the goal of windows 10 to run on any system?? I don't get it ... But hey, it took about six month for me to figure out how to write asynchronous JavaScript ... The key is to not use anonymous functions, it will flatten out the "Christmas tree" of callbacks. And it makes it possible to read what the code does, or at least what the programmer wants the code to do. It's much better then "then", then what, but, then, why complicate things when it's actually possible to be verbose. For composability in JS I use small utility modules like "inOrder": function beforeWifeComesHome() { takeTheTrashOut(); function takeTheTrashOut() { inOrder([openDoor, goOut, emptyTrash, goIn, closeDoor]); } } But it would be easier to let the compiler take care of the async calls and insert callbacks automatically so that you can think synchronously while the program works asynchronously. And if you want to run stuff in parallel you should use child processes. The more your learn, the more there is to learn! Have a look at: https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/docs/Web/JavaScript/Refe... http://kangax.github.io/compat-table/es5/#Object.definePrope... I'm currently working on a data persistence module with database backend in Node.js using Object.defineProperty that define get and set. Metrics alone is not worth much. But if the app could help you optimize for higher gains, it would make it valuable. The police are usually very trigger happy in these situations. This is very dangerous and could easily get someone killed! Effective 20 November 2013, Google Checkout is shut down and no longer processing payments. So how can I receive money now? More then people sending via gmail? Thinking about that metaphor. I guess our current network is built for low latency, not high bandwidth!? Trying not to offensive. Two years ago I would find this useful. But I'm so glad I learned Node.js where this can be accomplished with high level sockjs module and nginx in less then five minutes. https://github.com/sockjs But for most people that would be 4 Years at a sub-par pay, while the employer would make six figures off your work and then when you humbly ask for a raise thinking you've earned it they'll say; "sorry, not possible.". Most people will appreciate stability more then language features. I'm a bit surprised about some of the comments here. I think mostly about the end users, those who depend on the software. The last thing you want is to get some weird errors because of a bug in the latest V8 engine. Those bugs tend to never show in development, and is not found in unit testing. But will show up in production when you have thousands of people using it. And there's often nothing you can do about them, then maybe downgrading, or wait for the next Node.JS version. I can see all sides of the arguments here. I do love API's, but I hate "frameworks", especially when they consist of useless functions like function _MY_framework.enterprise.displayMessageInConsole(msg) { console.log(msg); } That does something that would actually be easier in vanilla JS. All years of writing JS may have made me blind, but that's how I see most JS frameworks. Mostly useless. That said, manipulating the DOM in JS is a PITA. I can totally understand why you would want to do it another way. I guess the DOM is not meant to be manipulated with ... And breaks if JS is turned off. I think in the near future in maybe 5-6 years we'll see apps that are a mix of Browser and Native. That has the protected environment like a browser, that ask for permission to use hardware features, that can be accessed through high level API's, have native performance and run by typing an domain address much like WWW. Including the address to your page would help ;) Lets assume you get 100 ms higher latency with wireless. And you make around 100 clicks per day. Over your lifetime, you would have lost one hour of your life because you used wireless! When you are on the death bed you will think about all the things you could have used that hour for instead! Lets take it a step further and count everyone who is using wireless today, that would be millions of hours lost. Think about what those millions of hours could have been used for instead! That hour might be nothing for you, but for the whole humanity, it's a lot! When I make web apps today, the HTTP is only used to serve the client application. Basically, it would be equivalent of wget http://mydomain/myapp make run But with the benefit of running in a (browser's) protected environment .. The above would be OK in linux running jailed, but a possible catastrophe in Windows where you basically run everything with root (although that has and will probably change in later Windows releases). Once the "client" has been downloaded and running, all communications are done via Websockets. So it's no longer a HTTP-application or "REST". What makes it so convenient is that the user can both download and run the application in ONE click (no install, yet cached). Without worrying about malware, so I don't need their thrust. And the client can run on basically all devices and OS's, so no need for porting. WOW Thanks. There are some very good advice in there. Do you know any more articles in this area? Or how to manage a community in general!? I've tried and failed to get gammu wammu to work. Tried both an old usb stick and and old mobile phone. Can you recommend any usb stick that works with your program that cost less then $100 and can be ordered from the EU ? It has to support micro sim and both send and receive SMS. Here's an article about "speed matters" for those that don't think latency is important. http://blog.codinghorror.com/speed-still-matters/ Home automation is not something you can install yourself, unless you are a full stack programmer, and with full stack I mean also PCB's and micro-controllers. Surprisingly there's a lot of cheap consumer stuff out there, witch can easily be modified to do what you want. Some of them are "unhackable" though. The trick is to make everything automated. And use a high level language like JS to make it smart. Yes, I write my home automation in JavaScript :P One huge aspect of the problem is that the browser developers are in bed with the search engines. Whatever you type in the address bar, it will be redirected to Google or Bing. I would almost go so far as to say browsers and search engines are killing the web. It's no longer a web. People will tell you to not depend on the search engines. But what do you do now when you are blocked? Start advertising on AdWords? LOL! My advice is to build a community. Get people involved with your site, make them return often. This is some scary shit! JavaScript is a mainstream language. That means average people like myself can be very productive with it. It is easy to learn and it's easy to find people who can maintain JS code. But it seems you need to be an academic in programming languages just to figure out what these new features do, and why they are needed. I'm afraid that the rapid development will make it harder to learn the language. And will introduce a lot of pitfalls and edge cases. Or maybe I'm just afraid of change!? I've never read any programming books or taken any classes, I've just read a lot of code written by others and also written some myself. Here's my advice after 15 years of reading both brilliant and shitty JS code: a) Don't use anonymous functions ... You want your program to be easy to understand, so come up with a name for the function and put it as a sub-function at the bottom of the current function. b) I love the Nodejs implementation of modules and I would say it's the main reason behind Nodejs success. But it doesn't make sense in the HTTP world. Imagine having to download 100 dependency files each time you visit a webpage. c) I have a keyboard macro for " + + ". So if you don't save an extra keystroke, what's the deal? It might be useful if you have nasty habits like building HTML or SQL by concatenating strings though. (don't do that). d) Just declare your variables at the top of the function and stop worrying about scope, (while listening to Bobby McFerrin.) e) I can somewhat agree here. But where it's really needed you should make a copy or clone function. And if it's not really needed you shouldn't. Makes you write less complicated code because of laziness. f) Give it a name! function Car() {var car = this;} Or if you don't want people to understand your code: var that = this; g) You are probably trying to make your function do too much! If you Do want to have one function to rule them all, pass an object to it. h) It's possible to make async code intuitive. Stop using anonymous functions will help a lot! But it's not That easy. Promises is just another (ineffective; it just threats the symptoms) paradigm to reason with async code. i) We don't need classes. The prototype already work great. It might be hard to learn but once you understand it's brilliant! (I don't blame you if you never will, it's hard to learn an old dog to sit). I encourage you to use the paradigms you believe in, and also to try different solutions, and think outside the box. But don't force certain paradigms by changing the language itself. One exception being Node.js where you are forced into making modules. (but some people are stubborn and use Browserify to circumvent it). JS is like that Indian wonder kid who wanted to come up with a cure for cancer. Then he was invited to London. Where he met C, C++ and Java, who made him become ECMAScript. http://youtu.be/BSQf7SUxJVw I can't come up with a real world use for the .map function, but then I only use Arrays when I do evil things like writing optimized code. If I however would end up in a situation where I wanted to do: var odds = evens.map(v => v + 1); I would write this instead: var odds = increment(evens, n); But it's never as simple as this, evens would probably be some sort of async object and you probably want to call another function once the "incrementation" has completed. The only thing => does is to make the syntax more complex (and ugly) by saving a few keystrokes. And even worse, it's a treatment for a symptom from anonymous functions, that you shouldn't even use in the first place. And will be used everywhere, because we are lazy. But the time saved, will have to be used for mind juggling, to figure out what goes where in the syntax. That said, I don't think all new stuff is useless. For example Object.defineProperty (ES5) that actually Adds to the language, and makes it possible to do things you couldn't do before. Like defining a set function. I'll try to interpret the code ... You have an array of string values. You use the .map function to iterate through all the strings. For each string you change the string to whatever is returned from $(x).val() (basically just juggling data, you should make a real world example.) I have seen Jquery before so I know $ returns a document element. And if you pass # into it, it will return getElementById(). And .val() returns .value So my guess is that you want to get the values of hp, mp, gp, whatever that is. I don't understand why you want them in an array though!? Wouldn't it be better to store them in an associative array? So that you don't have to remember what position in the array points to what value. Try this instead: var signupForm = getFormData("signupForm"); alert( "Your name is " + signupForm["name"] ); Or without the abstraction: var name = document.getElementById("name").value; A little more characters to type, but you don't have to learn a framework to know what it does. A trick here is to use keyboard macros to do the boilerplate. Don't var PI = Math.PI because of laziness. An article about writing good code without any code examples. A new technique that I've seen is they do not link directly to their "money" site, they link to a page, that link to another page, that link to their money site. So if they manage to put a link on your blog, the next step is to make spam links to Your site. Google needs to scrap the pagerank and come up with another metric. Lately I've seen a drastic decrease in quality where 9 out of 10 pages in the top-10 is just garbage. Even if I copy a whole sentence from a site with low pagerank, it will be hidden deep in like page 4 o 5 in the google search result. You also need to take into account that most of the western countries have 20% or more in VAT taxes. So the split is more like 90/10. And they have to pay the credit card companies and for the bandwidth. I don't think Apple makes any money from the app store ... How hard would it be to make something like: This program wants to access your camera, mike, //home/personal, connect to irc://botnet.com, and install these dependencies: spyware1, 2, 3 Are you sure you want to install/run [insert innocent program]? I think that would be an better option then sand-boxing everything. Is it even possible for the OS to know if a program is using the webcam? If this was in real time, it would be even cooler! The polar regions seems a bit stretched out. Is the earth in perspective? Making the flight paths accurate!?