MSR is a very powerful research org, agreed. In, say, machine learning and computer vision, this has been so for over 15 years. But the point, and it is a valid one, is that this research does not seem to be turned in to actual products. What is the systemic problem? Why has Google, which historically has had nowhere near the research depth, been able to innovate demonstrably, but not MSR? One hypothesis is that research innovation starts with a small idea. It's easier to deploy a small idea on the web than as part of shrink-wrap software. Google can field the small idea, and iterate it on the web. But to be included in the kind of software MS ships, you have to do things like (a) convince a project like Office to take it on, or (b) pitch it as part of a "big concept future system". Avenue (a) is very hard. And avenue (b) tends to produce vaporware. Sound familiar? Related: "Caring for Your Introvert" http://www.theatlantic.com/doc/200303/rauch I would add that German standards for auto maintenance are much higher than American ones. There are regular inspections (yearly?) to enforce these standards. I wonder if the authors of the study would be as on-board for intrusive inspections as they are for removing speed limits? It's hard to be sure you would have no leg to stand on. It would be an emotionally charged conversation, and misinterpretation would be likely. If the hiring manager, for instance, said anything about a legally protected characteristic (like age or marital status, for example), it could be easily construed as illegal discrimination. One could make the communication written to avoid certain types of misunderstanding, but then you'd give the lawyers an actual document to play with. There is no upside. Remember that the hiring manager can be sued personally , not just the business. Finally, consider another factor. Most of the time there are several qualified candidates and one may stand out. That does not mean the others were bad, just that one candidate clicked. It is of negative value to say "Nothing personal, but we really hit it off with Mr. Foobar and not you." Silence is actually better than pronouncing an under-informed judgement on someone based on a series of half-hour interviews. The C&D article (and the ones it points to about their road test) is really good. Because there are more people talking about this than actually know anything. Including in this thread. The C&D article does leave the door open to the possibility of the brakes not stopping the car. If you pump the brakes, rather than firmly putting them down once, you may lose vacuum, or overheat the brakes in a series of "slow down a little" steps. The vacuum is apparently hard to replenish when the throttle is open. The advice about turning the car off works sometimes, but not always. Suppose you're in a rental Lexus like the one the CA state trooper died in. Would you know that to kill the engine, you have to depress the off button for 3 seconds continuously? Three seconds is a long time with the throttle wide open. It seems the key technical mistake on Toyota's part, as pointed out in the C&D article, is to omit an interlock that kills the throttle when the brake is depressed. This is apparently standard on many other cars. Toyota's damage control on this has been disastrous. That is quite literally how it works, although most emerging artists (who are serious about their career, and who have a real chance at regional or national prominence) would probably not describe what they're doing as "noble", more like "crazy", but in the understanding that that's also the only path that works for them. The other option is to have rich parents. Sounds snarky, but it's true. In that case, you also get contacts and an understanding of the social class of most collectors. (My wife got her MFA from UCLA and shows around LA.) The Bush VSE (Vision for Space Exploration) was actually about directing money to Texas (JSC) and Florida (KSC), two key electoral states. (Ex-Majority Leader Tom Delay's home district in Texas includes JSC, e.g. http://www.spacepolitics.com/2004/11/23/delay-at-jsc-and-oth... ). This calculus explains why, as I think you note, they didn't care about actually getting to the moon . ;-) In particular, the VSE was not about using upstart private launch companies (such as SpaceX). It was about JSC, KSC, and the large prime contractors (USA aka United Space Alliance, and ULA = United Launch Alliance, both Boeing/LockMart joint ventures) that are associated with them and that together employ over 10K people. I believe SpaceX employs substantially less than 1000, even today. In typical Bush fashion, the VSE was all slogans and no substance. The officials involved believed in what they were doing, but there was not a coherent plan (actually there have been at least two phases of the VSE, with distinct strategies). And of course, as others above have noted, not enough money. The slogan for that approach was "go as you pay". (I.e., we will do the best we can with what you give us.) Sounds cute, but does not get you into orbit. Lumping JPL/Caltech in with LockMart and Boeing does not make sense. The first is a research lab mainly concerned with conceiving and building robotic (unmanned) missions. The second two are mainly involved with operating manned flight systems. No comparison. Same here, and this rings true. "Nice" is what you get, and nice has its limits. What's the distinction between what you're proposing and Squeezebox (formerly slimp3)? http://www.logitechsqueezebox.com/ Their low-end product is a table radio at $150 street price. I've also had an excellent experience with 3 versions of their hardware (slimp3, squeezebox2, radio). Another pointer with a HN resonance is (note the beer bottle): http://gigaom.com/2006/09/07/portrait-of-a-startup-slim-devi... Of course they sold to Logitech some time ago: http://gigaom.com/2006/10/18/slim-devices/ In fact, the NASA budget was not cut. It is increasing over the next few years. The initiative discussed will mean reformulating (again) the manned spaceflight program (which is a good idea). It would probably not be a good thing to "give NASA a massive budget". It would prove politically unsustainable, and then it would be cut back down. The resulting turmoil is not usually worth it. Or alternatively, the reflexive need of some to transpose everything into NY terms to "understand" it. http://strangemaps.wordpress.com/2007/02/07/72-the-world-as-... If you do this, and use a MBP, beware of this problem: http://www.google.com/support/forum/p/youtube/thread?tid=7cf... Symptoms are a very loud click, and then no audio plays until the computer's audio is reset -- do this by plugging in and removing an external device. It happened to my MBP and I thought I'd broken the hardware, it was that loud. The early Titan launches were not too successful either: http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/List_of_Titan_launches The Delta's were between 90-95% successful: http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Delta_(rocket_family) The expertise of the SpaceX people I've known is impressive. I think it's too early to tell whether the SpaceX advantages (dropping cost-plus, plus incorporating 50 years of rocketry experience) will result in better technology. There are lots of reasons to suppose it will. I don't know the duration, but would be surprised if that huge structure lasted more than a few hours (due to the lack of visible rotation of the feature -- the rotational period of the sun is about 27 days as seen from Earth). The spatial scale is also awe-inspiring. The diameter of the prominence is about 1/6 that of the Sun. The Sun is about 110x the diameter of the Earth. This means 15-20 Earths would fit, end to end, inside the magnetic loop. For another point of comparison, see: http://umbra.nascom.nasa.gov/eit/images/Sun_and_earth.jpg Keep in mind that the instrument developers who built the two imagers onboard have spent the last ~10 years of their life working largely on this project. For many of them, it will be the crowning achievement of their career. The results are likely to reshape the discipline due to the increase in spatial and (especially!) temporal resolution. To get this thing to work, they had to overcome a lot of technical obstacles, including thermal stability of the focal plane and optics (it's a high-resolution telescope that mostly sits in the sun, but goes into Earth's shadow regularly, altering lengths of optical paths), and bandwidth issues (a set of 16-bit 4096x4096 images every ~10 seconds). Finally, and this is not made clear in the press materials, they're exploiting some neat spectral effects to get unusual "images": spatially-resolved velocity (thru Doppler shifting of spectral lines) and spatially-resolved magnetic field (thru the Zeeman effect). That is, an image of local magnetic field. Those calibrated images are a main driver of the science -- although the flare pictures are cool. Putting it all together is an impressive technical feat. An apple also figures in the story: "One day, when Gregor emerges from his room, his father chases him around the dining room table and pelts him with apples. One of the apples becomes embedded in his back, causing an infection. Due to his infection and his hunger, Gregor is soon barely able to move at all." (via wikipedia) I think introducing some mystery of programming would be nice. The draft is very linear and predictable. How about a random number generator (linear RNGs are easy to code)? Or a line-by-line chaotic ascii art generator (like Wolfram's CA's)? Or, some other way to combine some of the string stuff with the arithmetic stuff. Also, I think python's + and * string operators are far cooler than the string escape sequences. A 6th or 7th grader would have mastered + and * for numbers, and the extension to strings might be interesting to them. Think of how cool some of the examples in SICP are as an inspiration. Simple, powerful, surprising . Not just type this, get that. The last page is nice, and insightful about the expanding future for using programming to advance another discipline. The bitterness at the end ("go to hell") was an off-taste. Nice article with a lot of information. Honest question here: you make some strong claims, have you been involved in speech recognition research, or are you an informed outsider? It seems like the latter? Poking fun at AI optimists like Kurzweil is fun, but not insightful at this time. The field has taken a different direction since then and I'm not sure that people know where corpus based statistical methods are going to go. Again, honest question. Why these quotes? Is anything Thomas Jefferson, Walter Mondale, or the Dalai Lama said automatically true? The tedious parts of the job are left on the (proverbial) cutting room floor. Like construction projects, there's a lot of people just standing around waiting at a shoot. Probably you're the only one at the restaurant who cares that you're eating alone. Certainly your dinner alone is well below Yahweh's interest threshold. So, relax, slow down, and enjoy your meal. Because you're not busy talking, you can appreciate your food better. For me, it's probably the iconic picture of 20th century political action. Antenna size is not the problem with reception. It's white gaussian noise over the deep space channel progressively overcoming signal power as the spacecraft recedes. The channel capacity never drops to zero, but as power drops, data rates get lower and lower. Quite true. One standard solution is TMR: http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Triple_modular_redundancy I doubt that Voyager used TMR, they probably used the best rad-hardened hardware they could build at the time (within power and weight constraints). They've got to be simplifying this a lot for the sake of making a press report understandable. They don't even know there's only one bit flipped. If there is one, they will have to do some analysis to figure out that it would really cause the problem. Some other relevant details from http://voyager.jpl.nasa.gov/Proposal-2008/Voyager_SR_2008.pd... : "Voyager 1 is escaping the solar system at a speed of about 3.6 AU/year while Voyager 2 is leaving at about 3.3 AU/year. Power is the limiting lifetime consumable. The two spacecraft have power to continue returning science data beyond the year 2020. It is likely that at least one of the spacecraft could enter interstellar space while adequate power is still available. All other consumables are adequate for continued operations well past 2020." "Electrical power is supplied by three Radioisotope Thermoelectric Generators (RTGs) which are performing nominally. The current power levels are about 286 watts, with power margins of about 34 watts and an average degradation rate of about 4.3 watts per year." "Real-time telemetry data capture is accomplished using 34- and 70-meter tracking antennas of the DSN. Capture of the recorded high rate plasma wave data from Voyager 1 requires the use of an array of 70- and 34-meter antennas." "Uplink communication is via S-band (16-bits/sec command rate) while an X-band transmitter provides downlink telemetry at 160 bits/sec normally and 1.4 kbps for playback of high-rate plasma wave data." Look at his publications: http://wuphys.wustl.edu/~katz/publist.html He does not seem to have particular expertise on this problem. Here's a good summary of the team Steven Chu, himself a Nobelist, appointed: http://tpmmuckraker.talkingpointsmemo.com/2010/05/mission_im... Note that Katz is called the "What am I doing here" person. And note, the above summary piece was posted in advance of those writings coming out. I think the real issue is, why did Chu ask Katz to join the team in the first place? He's really not got the same track record as the others on the team. Not even close. If you just want the equations, try: http://www.ece.cmu.edu/~byronyu/papers/derive_ks.pdf And for the EKF: http://www-npl.stanford.edu/~byronyu/papers/derive_eks.pdf In the days when Sussman was a novice Minsky once came to him as he sat hacking at the PDP-6. "What are you doing?", asked Minsky. "I am training a randomly wired neural net to play Tic-Tac-Toe." "Why is the net wired randomly?", asked Minsky. "I do not want it to have any preconceptions of how to play." Minsky shut his eyes. "Why do you close your eyes?", Sussman asked his teacher. "So the room will be empty." At that moment, Sussman was enlightened. My point: not to confuse "no preconceptions" with "not much directly usable knowledge." Look at the resumes of the people on the team. You've got the head of one of the premier research institutions in the nation (Sandia), a national medal of science winner who has consulted about the Kuwait oil well disaster, a robotics engineer, and a petroleum engineer. And an astrophysicist. About Feynman, remember, he was a Nobelist and widely understood, when he was appointed, to be the most brilliant physicist of the latter half of the 20th century. His university (Caltech) runs a NASA facility, JPL, where his sister and a lot of his colleagues worked. This is not a fair summary of the facts. One person you describe as a nuclear engineer also did this: "In 1991, Garwin convened a symposium of experts to discus ways to stem oil flows from Kuwait wells, set on fire by Iraq during the Gulf War." One other person you describe as a nuclear engineer was also head of Sandia for 5 years. You will end up with a broad knowledge of engineering techniques in a wide-ranging position like that; robotic handling techniques for nuclear material are something DOE labs know a lot about. Another person is a robotics engineer; again, highly relevant here. The reason that's there is historical instances of profiteers selling substandard food to the military. Here's a static picture of the same thing, but much more accurate and inclusive: http://ssd.jpl.nasa.gov/?orbits e.g., http://ssd.jpl.nasa.gov/?ss_inner http://ssd.jpl.nasa.gov/?ss_distant I agree with your friend; the optimal strategy is more nuanced than "don't say anything". In fact, a lot of New Scientist online articles have this problem. I've stopped clicking. The book "The Commissar Vanishes" presents bunch of before-and-after photographs in which various of Stalin's associates and henchmen are removed from photos after they become persona non grata. Some examples: http://tfustudios.blogspot.com/2009/11/commissar-vanishes.ht... The first photo above shows an eerie example: So many of the commissars have been removed from the official history, that Stalin is alone in the photo. With all respect, people should be doing things they're drawn to. When you're about to retire, if you didn't enjoy the ride, you probably chose wrong, even if you were Floyd or Warshall. http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Ozymandias "messy divorce": http://moschus.livejournal.com/141570.html Suddenly, everyone is broke: http://moschus.livejournal.com/140610.html From the article: "Furthermore, all types of quantum computers have been shown to be mathematically identical, so if one won't work, none of them will." This is vague, and does not say if it pertains to only QC's used on problems in NP, or in general. As other posters have noted, the subject resists simplification. For more, see: http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Quantum_computer#Relation_to_co... http://qwiki.stanford.edu/wiki/Petting_Zoo#BQP The fanboy phenomenon is real: people, usually guys, often younger, who idolize one brand of hardware, usually because it's what they own. It's just like: http://www.nytimes.com/slideshow/2009/08/28/automobiles/0830... So, we might as well have a word for it. MO has become specialized in combinatorics, graph theory, and algebra; if you didn't go deep in these areas you may feel at a loss. But additionally, the level of formality and carefulness in discourse is considerably higher than SO or HN. It's more reminiscent of LTU. That would be symmetric, but no, it's not the case. Most of the SO questions are of a more naive character. ("I got this error message, what do I do?") I disagree with this. For non-cryptographic purposes, the Mersenne Twister is very pseudorandom, has a huge period, and is competitively fast. There are also related shift-register techniques that have these properties. The state of the art in PRNG's is still advancing, but it takes a fairly esoteric example to find a blind spot of the MT (if initialized properly, as wrappers should do). Way outside the "generate a random 512x512 bitmap" variety. Passed in 1996, not that long ago: http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Helms–Burton_Act One version, by John Dryden (1681): Great wits are sure to madness near allied, and thin partitions do their bounds divide. http://pr.caltech.edu/periodicals/336/articles/Volume%202/05... This is a classic question where some of the usual assumptions of the method conventionally applied, the Maximum Likelihood (ML) principle, break down. There's a good explanation at: http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/German_tank_problem#Example In a nut, the ML estimator of N, the number of tanks produced, is the max of the serial numbers. But this is biased, in particular, it tends to systematically underestimate N. (Because you're unlikely to actually observe the top serial number in your random sample.) So you can add a correction term which is, intuitively, the expected gap between the serial numbers in the finite sample. The correction makes up for the fencepost effect. It goes to zero as the number of samples increases. You can show that the max is a comprehensively better estimator than twice the mean. This is one of the rare cases where you can outperform the mean by a large margin. The standard deviation of the mean-based estimator, which measures its accuracy, will go down like 1/sqrt(n) where n is the number of samples in the finite set. This is the rate standardly seen in lots of estimation problems. But the standard deviation of the max-based estimator will go down like 1/n, a much faster rate. That's one manifestation of the "weirdness" of this problem. It means you can get surprisingly good estimates of the number of tanks considering the small numbers of observations. I like that explanation. For every commonly used frequentist estimator, there is an uncountable infinity of intractable Bayesian estimators. The usual way is to define variance as the expectation of the number times its complex conjugate -- it's complex magnitude. In particular, the variance is real. In the pseudo code, the key lines are the two after the "else" in "Push". The recurrence for the mean (first line of the two) would be unchanged. The second line, the update for m_newS, would need a conjugate on either the first or the second parenthesized expression (in the product). Since eventually the returned variance is proportional to Sk, Sk must be real. Being real, Sk must equal its transpose. So, it must not matter which parenthesized expression you conjugate. And, you should be able to just store Sk as a real number. To verify that it does not matter which side you put the conjugate on, just expand the defining expression for Sk (given in the article). By plugging the expression for M(k) into that for S(k), you will see the additive correction to S(k) comes out in terms of: delta = x(k) - M(k-1) In fact, it comes out in terms of delta times its conjugate, no matter which place you put the conjugate. (This also checks that Sk is indeed real when computed this way.) Doing this algebra is good because it allows you to simplify the complex arithmetic considerably. I would assert that people don't even know how to conceptualize the question in these terms ("random number" == "uniform distribution"). After you do study probability (by gambling, by lab work, by quantitative programming, or, least fun, in coursework), you get introduced to the "right questions to ask", like: "what's the distribution", "are the samples independent", "what are you conditioning upon" For instance, many people don't know that the distribution of the sum of two dice looks very different than just one die. They're both random, but not both uniform. Often people know something's weird, but can't formulate the question because they don't have the language. I get "snap" reliably from Chrome 5.0.375.70. I get crashes from Safari 4. OS X 10.6.3. Part of the problem with objective cost/benefit analysis in the case of nuclear exposure is the history of government deception about the risks of nuclear experiments. All that lying has made people very distrustful of both scientists and the government. I found http://mitpress.mit.edu/catalog/item/default.asp?ttype=2&... to be a revelation in this regard. It's about the uses and abuses of the Nevada test site over the 1950s. From the summary: "In the late 1950s, birth defects and deaths from cancer began to soar among civilian and military test-site workers and their newborn children, and among "downwinders" living in Nevada, Utah and other western states. Gallagher, a professional photographer, spent several years interviewing and photographing these nuclear-test victims and gathering evidence of official indifference, callousness and outright cover-ups. The sheer density of suffering depicted here is awesome; in certain Utah towns, for instance, Gallagher found cases of cancer in every house. The bitter, stoic testimony of the victims (many of whom have since died), accompanied by Gallagher's photographic portraits of them, is deeply disturbing and exposes a major national scandal. " Maybe it has to do with the drugs being a felony? Eric Schmidt of Google claims to delete essentially all his e-mails: http://www.slate.com/id/2249124/pagenum/all On the West coast it's pretty common to know a Japanese American family who had a family member, still living, in an internment camp. It's usually not the first thing that gets talked about. It's very real history. For more: http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Fundamental_theorem_of_arithmet... I agree that some mathematical objects are "more fundamental than others"; primes are probably among the most basic. If you're interested in the ontological status of mathematical entities, and the process and meaning of mathematics, check out "The Mathematical Experience" by Davis and Hersh, http://books.google.com/books?id=lMdz84dWNnAC&printsec=f... There is a section on primes starting on page 209. The SBIR program is kind of like what you're proposing: http://www.sbir.gov/solicitations/ It's walled off so that larger entities cannot propose to it (somewhat contrary to "free market" principles, but whatever). I've managed proposal reviews for SBIR, and the average quality is noticeably lower than NSF proposals I've reviewed. Of course there is significant overlap between them, but that's the average. So I'm not sure your idea would accomplish anything new. It's far broader than DoD. See the solicitation I referenced or: http://www.sbir.gov/federal_links.htm (I managed a small SBIR category for NASA.) Despite the rhetoric, they do provide a sustainable flow of work to many organizations (sometimes referred to as "SBIR shops"). About basic vs. applied research: What I was trying to say is: The relative lack of breakthrough success for SBIR seems to imply that smaller, more nimble (market-responsive?) organizations are not the answer. Nice link. The article before Mazur's, by Davis (author of the book I mentioned above) is also good. There's a lot of them (dozens) at various office buildings where I work. They're good for an office setting, where people get used to the quirks, which are mainly: nothing but urine in the urinal (in particular, no saliva, which can clog the one-way-flow mechanism). At an airport, it would be asking for trouble. http://www.longnow.org/ http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Deep_geological_repository http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/SubTropolis First, you need a 70m antenna. http://deepspace.jpl.nasa.gov/dsn/ http://deepspace.jpl.nasa.gov/dsn/images/realtime/latestS.jp... And, it seems simple, but is not: you need very precise pointing, and very precise ephemeris ( http://ssd.jpl.nasa.gov/?horizons ) to get the relative velocity to the s/c. You need velocity so you know what the Doppler-shifted frequency of the transmission will be. I agree that the point is interesting. Part of it is the differentness of the environment (high radiation, low temperature, microgravity, great distance). This necessitates a rethinking of design constraints at a fundamental physical level -- i.e. deriving system constraints from first principles. Another part of it is the unique nature of a lot of the stuff we send out there -- rovers to Mars, planetary orbiters with exotic cameras, Earth-orbiting satellites with hyperspectral imagers or advanced radars, powerful telescopes with cryogenic optical/infrared cameras. Here's an example (.mov): http://marsrover.nasa.gov/gallery/video/movies/mer_ch_edl_Te... from http://marsrover.nasa.gov/gallery/video/challenges.html The calculated and blatant appeal to three market segments (women, corporates, teens) is part of the unhip smell of the ad. Yes, see van der Linden's Deep C Secrets: http://books.google.com/books?id=4vm2xK3yn34C&printsec=f... http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Race_to_the_bottom Why the downvotes? The linked page points to the judicial concept of the "Race to the Bottom" in which countries/states/counties competitively weaken their laws to attract investment. The record of scientists in examining the links of race and intelligence is not so good. People tend to jump to conclusions even when they think they're being logical. http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Eugenics http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Craniometry I wasn't drawing the conclusion that we should not explore the question. But I do think people should wonder: With all the useful, actionable questions arising from genetic research, why are we attracted by an unseen force to the particular question of intelligence and race? Why not try to address a question more likely to help people (e.g., the genetic origin of certain diseases)? Why the fascination with this question? I'm not talking about forbidding certain investigations, just trying to be smart about prioritizing investigations. You say "...it will probably show that..." -- already injecting preconceived notions of the outcome into the scientific question. This is an example of why investigations into this question seem to reveal more about the investigator than the question. The insight was in knowing to look at differences, week(n) - week(n-1). That was not the raw data. They also noticed that the percentages of "men in favor of Obama" and "women in favor of Obama" did not tend to be odd/even or even/odd numbers. They were even/even or odd/odd. That's obvious only in hindsight. http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Operation_Chastise The technology was innovative, but the results were mixed. Almost half the aircrews died, and the main casualties of the resulting floods were forced laborers and POWs. I felt that article had a point, but overstated it. There are lots of domains -- simulation, computer vision, robotic control, machine learning -- which are CPU bound and will remain so for the next decade. In fact, one of the cutting edges of these domains is always CPU bound, practically by definition (sensor densities also increase quickly with time). The following is probably the best-known result bearing his name: http://www.scholarpedia.org/article/Rao-Blackwell_theorem His race seems to have profoundly affected his career trajectory. See also: Alan Turing, Albert Einstein. The Guardian's reporting package is considerably more comprehensive than the NYT. In short, the lack of a proof-based class renders students Calc-clueless. (groan) This happened to me. I went straight from high school calc into college differential equations because the AP score allowed me. It took a Rudin-based analysis course, much later, for me to appreciate proofs of convergence or epsilon-delta arguments, because my H.S. calc did not have them, and the college diff-eq assumed you knew them already. The shock was painful. Eventually though, you learn what you need to know. referring to http://daringfireball.net/misc/2010/07/url-matching-regex-te... you can see he wants to match things like www.example.com, but not filename.txt So www. can introduce a url also. The LAPD has a much more informative interface http://www.lapdcrimemaps.org/ which separates out crime by types. You can clearly see patterns such as GTA's (car theft) along major streets in Hollywood. It seems mistaken to assert that Google's R&D enterprise is not "pushing the boundary of what's possible". Stopping with published papers and conference prominence, when you have the reach that MSFT does, seems to be missing an opportunity. And given this, which culture is under more pressure to change, MSR's or Google's? ed preceded TCP (first ed manual I could find is dated 1971; the first TCP research paper was by Cerf and Kahn in 1974). When ed was used, it would be common to interact with the computer on a teletype, not even on a crt monitor. So a response meant printing characters on paper. sed was and is more about programmatic editing (i.e., editing a stream as it was generated, using a script for commands), or editing of large files that would overwhelm system memory, not about some kind of remote usage the way you're describing. Nope, not confusing them. I'm well acquainted with MSR. Just saying that the focus on papers and conference presence/sponsorship has not translated into impact on products. Seems a pity. Here is a summary of this very long review article, as done by a Science magazine summary I read: "Although undergraduates from wealthy nations are numerous and willing research subjects, psychologists are beginning to realize that they have a drawback: They are WEIRDos. That is, they are people from Western, educated, industrialized, rich, and democratic cultures. In a provocative review paper published last week, a pair of researchers argues that WEIRDos aren't representative of humans as a whole and that psychologists routinely use them to make broad, and quite likely false, claims about what drives human behavior." The claim that the Word layout engine is as good as TeX's is not correct. Even for math-free text, TeX does a better job of hyphenating and line-breaking. The TeX algorithm specifically tries have low variability in line-to-line fill density. Word does not care, which can result in a loose line between two tight lines, causing horizontal stripes in a block of text. For much more, including ligatures, kerning, and transparency, see: http://nitens.org/taraborelli/latex My point above is his point #7. The only problem is that the cross-references may be out of sync. This is usually not a serious barrier to readability. Another gcc analogy is a dependence on a third-party library whose API keeps changing. Then you'd have to run gcc once to regenerate the library, and once on the client using the library. Peeling that back a level, the analogy is between files like libfoo.a and foo_defs.h (for gcc) and files like section1.aux and document.bbl (for latex). That's precisely where Norvig is coming from. Given their infrastructure, it's entirely possible that some portion of their A/B testing is run this way (i.e., test thresholds chosen to maximize information gain). The real big one would be the wars in Iraq and Afghanistan, which the article does highlight. That's order of $1000B. This is an excellent article, from a researcher who knows what he's talking about (Thurston is a Fields medalist). Section 6 begins on the page numbered 173. It may be interesting to note that one way objects are discovered now is by automated sky surveys ("event factories" or "robotic telescopes") like this one: http://voeventnet.caltech.edu/feeds/Catalina.shtml The essence is to make multiple passes over the sky, comparing current images with past images. Large image-differences represent moving objects, which are looked up in a database. If they are new, they are entered into an event queue, represented above. In principle, other robotic telescopes can scoop up promising events and follow up on them. According to this ECMWF planning document (page 14, figure 4): http://www.ecmwf.int/about/programmatic/strategy/strategy.pd... the forecast skill for ECMWF and NOAA have been improving pretty steadily over the last 15 years. Basically, we're seeing two days farther into the future now than 20 years ago. I agree that chaotic dynamics and various noise sources limit the time horizon for weather predictions to perhaps 2 weeks. Well, I think you said two things. (1) "Predicting Weather is near impossible in theory forget the practice." and (2) Quoting wikipedia, "Weather is usually predictable only about a week ahead." These two remarks are not quite opposites, but almost. The key difference between economics and weather is that experiments with prediction change the economic system's dynamics (e.g., large-scale automated trading), but not the weather system's dynamics. I can barely understand what you're saying here, so I won't comment beyond this reply. The time scale is critical. If you look at any review of numerical weather prediction accuracy, such as the one I linked to above, you will see it's a key parameter. It's why 3-day forecasts are excellent and 7-day forecasts are not very good. Good 3-day predictability does not imply good 7-day predictability. This is no different than the pictures of the state trajectories of the Lorenz system ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Lorenz_attractor ) starting from two nearby states, which stay together for a time, and then diverge suddenly. It's true, the relevant laws are the Navier-Stokes differential equations, not simple laws like F = m a. But, we can observe the boundary conditions and propagate the system state forward in time. These equations do constrain the future dynamics. Sometimes these smaller perturbations are called "sub-grid phenomena". I think practitioners think of them as, say, pressure waves or flows which average to zero when observed on a 10km x 10km grid. But it is possible that their ultimate origin is on a much finer grid ;-) Another problem, separate from these effects, is getting closure on the variables in the model. Things like evaporation from soils and vegetation, for example, which ECMWF is trying to include in their models. You put them in the weather model to improve accuracy, and all the sudden you need a time-dependent model for soil and vegetation water content. And also, sensors to satisfy the boundary conditions for your model (e.g., to estimate plant vegetation type). For instance, eq. (7) used to calculate significance values is the invention of the first author and is not widely accepted. Also, eq. (1) assumes joint independence of all M = 22 frequency bands, which has not been justified. So you did not go to Europane on Colorado near Mentor for baked goods? This is not a good strategy. Besides the other good comments, consider the following: If you're traveling from place to place, you'll be exposed to a parade of regional bugs that locals, who have more stable habits, will not be. And your schedule (reservations, plans, etc.) may not be able to afford the downtime. Finally, you don't know the health care setup, so you won't always be able to sense if something is substandard. I spent a day in a hospital in India with a very high fever (delirious) and dehydration due to a bit of uncooked chutney that none of the locals (whom I knew) had problems with. They had to give me an IV to rehydrate me. My main goal was to try to keep it together enough to ensure that the clinic was using a sterile needle for the IV. This was not a high point of the trip.