I wonder if, one day, people will realize that none of this stuff really matters. Write and comment your code clearly, think your designs through, and comply with your team's conventions so that people know what to expect. None of this stuff (TDD, TAD, XP, Agile, whatever) is computer science. None of it is science period . They're all essentially shamanistic rituals which "work" by giving you a direction so that you can start writing code. If you find a methodology works for you, great! Use it! But all this squabbling about the one true path is nonsense. Sure, having an organization strategy is a good plan, and I didn't mean to imply otherwise. The problem I have is with people claiming that their way is the "right" way without having any legitimate scientific backing for the claim. Then go to the preferences and uncheck "Enable phishing and malware protection". There's no censorship here. They analyze the file and tell you if they think it's malicious. You are free to do with that information as you will. > Even though images like "13yearoldinabikini.jpg" are legal, they are almost certainly scraped from some unsuspecting teenager's Facebook album. Can you explain what you mean by "predatory"? I understand that it gives you the heeby jeebies. But what predation is taking place? In point of fact, nothing under discussion here is child porn. Child porn implies porn , and none of this was porn. >Today we are adding another rule: No suggestive or sexual content featuring minors. It's good to see that smut like Romeo and Juliet is no longer welcome on reddit. Yes, but it's an Apple with multiline lambdas vs. an Orange with only single-line lambdas. > which isn't really a viable point on a website It's a viable point on a website like reddit, which built its community on a no-censorship basis. They're free to do with their business as they like, but I'm free to feel betrayed when they do. >You feel betrayed when a site like reddit says that child porn is bad No, I feel betrayed when reddit, a community that grew because it did not limit expression that was within the law, bans "suggestive or sexual content featuring minors", which is way, way broader than child porn - an umbrella so broad that it even covers news stories about sexual abuse. >but I'd be willing to bet everything that you have a facebook account which sells you, your likeness and your personal data and you couldn't give a shit when they alter their privacy policies. I do have a facebook account, and the fact that I do give a shit about its privacy policies is why I basically use it when there's no other way to get in touch with someone. This is, of course, utterly irrelevant. Why are you even bringing it up? Two things: 1. They're not at all powerless to prevent it. 2. I don't see the attack here. The idea of a man masturbating over an image taken from an underage girl's facebook may give you the willies, but it doesn't actually hurt anyone. Virtually none of the crucial citations on that source seem very reputable; just lots of links to pop-psychology sources, and links to the authors' own books. Very sketchy. There was nothing illegal on them. All of them were very careful to make sure of that. Well see the problem is that we're not all smarter than we think. The Dunning-Kruger effect means that some of us think we're much smarter than we actually are. Unfortunately, 99% of the code out there seems to be written by people in this latter category. I disagree that the Dost Test even applies to those images. These were not "nude or seminude" images in the first place. They were, at most, girls in bikinis. These subreddits specifically did not allow semi-nudity. > There's nothing unreasonable about stating in your TOS that you can't have a subreddit the very existence of which breaks the law. That's not what they did. What they did was to say that suggestive content featuring minors is prohibited. I feel like a broken record, but I guess I need to keep reiterating this: Romeo and Juliet is suggestive content featuring minors. > You could download kiddie porn on /r/jailbait No you couldn't. Nothing pornographic or illegal was ever allowed on /r/jailbait. It might have gotten posted a few times, but the submitters would have been banned. > Dan Lyons suggests that my defending Path on this issue means, because we’re an investor, that we’re a paid apologist (and much worse). Seems to me that Lyons was suggesting that Arrington was a paid apologist on the basis of the less-than-full complement of scruples and moral fiber Arrington has exhibited in the past. You do in fact seem to be correct on that point. However, I do not think that your assertion about most of the images failing the Dost test is correct, or that you have adequate evidence to make such an assertion. I also don't think, if it were true, that that would call for a new, sweeping policy. The rule merely needs to be "nothing illegal", and then that rule needs to be enforced. "Suggestive content featuring minors" is just insanely broad. >However, that's not how it's been enforced, and I don't see the admins using it to remove those things This is a new rule. There is no "how it's been enforced". But if that really is the only rule needed, then that should be very easy to add to a linter. JS's syntax is influenced by C via its pretensions of being somehow related to Java, but I think it's a stretch to call it a "C-based language". That use of `with` makes me squeamish as hell. Also, on the topic of the "eta" function, it's odd that the author seems unaware of existing implementations of `bind`. That is very well put. It is a shame that JS got its scoping so very upside-down, because it means that tiny changes in code can cause incredibly confusing and initially undetectable bugs. `with` is basically an infected bandaid on a broken system. It seems like it's helping until you notice the smell. I think the really important point here is that readers need to understand that an encyclopedia is a record of academic consensus rather than a compendium of solid facts. The former is a useful but imperfect tool. The latter is an impossible ideal to strive for which will inevitably result in something less reliable than the former. >He needs to gather academic weight on his side. If he's correct then it should be fairly easy to accomplish. Well, not necessarily. Unfortunately consensus is hard to change, even if it's wrong. But you still have to try. If everyone who thought the consensus was wrong edited Wikipedia to reflect their opinion, the result would be a less accurate encyclopedia. > There are, of course, merits to both camps’ arguments, but, as with all things, reality tends to live somewhere in the middle. This fallacy is called "argument to moderation". A lot of the insecurity you mention is known as "impostor syndrome": http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Impostor_syndrome Basically, you know enough to see the gaps in your own knowledge, but you can't so easily see the gaps in others' knowledge. Edit: Actually it looks like I may be mistaken about this. There is some confusion in the press currently about whether a paid developer program will be required for obtaining signing keys. If not, this is only a minor encroachment of control. > This is a preference in system preferences that is pretty easy to change. That doesn't matter. It means that if I want people to use my software, I will now have no choice but to join Apple's $99/year Mac Developer program. Time to port to Linux/Windows. I wish Google would just embrace CoffeeScript instead of this. It's a prettier language, and already solves many of the problems Dart is concerned with. If you look at the stated design goals for Dart: http://www.dartlang.org/docs/technical-overview/index.html#g... Performance is a design goal, but it is not given as the primary goal. Of course, a cynical observer might say that the real primary goal of Dart is to give Chrome an artificial performance advantage over competing browsers, since that will be, at the very least, an initial effect if Google succeeds in promoting its adoption. Yes, as I noted in my edit, there seems to be some confusion about this in the media. Some sources are saying that you will have to be a member of the Mac Developer Program (which costs $99/year), while others are saying the signing service is free of charge. Here's Apple's own page on the matter: http://www.apple.com/macosx/mountain-lion/security.html > Apple wants to help you steer clear of malware even when you download applications from places other than the Mac App Store. That’s why Apple created the Developer ID. As part of the Mac Developer Program, Apple gives developers a unique Developer ID for signing their apps. This seems strongly to imply that a Mac Developer Program membership is required for code signing. I very much hope that their phrasing is merely imprecise, and if not, that they will change their minds and provide free signing. I love OS X as a development program, but I will leave it behind if they start down this path. > Google doesn't care if Chrome is perceived as faster. I think that's rather unlikely. Look at the five design goals of Dart: http://www.dartlang.org/docs/technical-overview/index.html#g... Of those five, the only one that CoffeeScript doesn't emphasize is "high performance/fast startup", which basically can't be a goal for a language without its own VM or JIT. It seems to me that focusing on adding this one emphasis to CoffeeScript would make a lot more sense than making yet another not-exactly-Java. > (well, apart from google being default search provider) That's a rather significant difference, you know. But control over a given user's browser has incredible potential value for Google. Controlling both client and server means that you no longer have to sacrifice performance in the name of standards compliance (so long as you have a standards-compliant fallback mode for other browsers). What that means if you're Google is that a visitor using Chrome can 1) cost you fewer resources, and 2) walk away with a smoother, more satisfying experience. Does Google currently take much advantage of this potential? I can't say for sure. But we are talking about a company that omits the on its homepage in the name of performance. Chrome does this, but IE does not. That alone means that a much higher proportion of Chrome users will use Google than IE users. Then factor in the relative name recognition for the two search engines... > Who gives a fuck about the $100? FOSS and freeware developers, I imagine. >You're building apps on a $1700 laptop while sipping a $6 coffee in your $2000/month apartment, for fuck's sake. Sorry, no I'm not. I'm scraping by on a laptop that cost $1100 when I bought it six years ago. My living situation is... let's just say that you're just a tad north of reality. I was making an OK living off of some shareware I wrote until Apple pulled the rug out from under its smaller developers with last year's App Store transition. $100 is not a hardship, but it is a significant chunk of change. Now, with that all out of the way, that's not actually the point. The point is what this does to people just starting out. Consider how much free/cheap software there is out there because somebody took their little weekend project and decided to pop it up on the web. Now consider what proportion of those people are going to take that leap if they have to pay a hundred bucks for practically anyone to be able to use it. Do you think any of them will be willing to put it out there for free under those conditions? > Those aren't the kinds of problems that CoffeeScript purports to address at all. Right. I think Dart's general goals are good, but I think they're wrong about how to go about it. I don't think most of the "problems" they enumerate are actually the obstacles that prevent their listed goals from being achieved. I think they are things that bother programmers whose thinking has been infected by too much Java. > Why would it be an "artificial" advantage? If Google successfully gets people to adopt Dart, but other browsers rely on JS cross compilation while Chrome has a dedicated VM, then there will be a period during which Chrome has an artificial advantage. This is a virtual certainty. Dart might also have real advantages, and those would be enjoyed by all once other browsers provided fast implementations. But initially, Chrome would enjoy an artificial advantage even if Dart was actually worse by design than JavaScript, so long as they could get a significant chunk of web developers to adopt it. My point is that getting people to adopt a technology that your product pioneers confers on you a market advantage independent of the actual merits of that technology. > Also, not quite correct, as far as I'm concerned. How far are you concerned? You might be surprised at how much programming you can do in a day if you work on two or more different kinds of projects. Shifting gears can be difficult, but taking a break from one project to work on a side project can actually let you recharge a bit for the main project. Mental fatigue is not just a function of effort. It's also a function of monotony. I really don't find that convincing at all. Default arguments are one of the most effective ways of removing boilerplate and making code easier to read and write. Bad programmers will be bad programmers no matter what, and copy/pasted code that the coder doesn't understand will be fragile or broken no matter what. The problem with this reasoning is contained in this: > to force programmers to consider the API and the values they are passing for each argument rather than silently accepting defaults they may not be aware of. All you will force poor coders to do will be to fudge the arguments until the code "works". This is actually worse than the default arguments scenario, because the defaults are more likely to be acceptable than the first value the coder stumbles upon that makes the function go. It can be improved by replacing "ruining your life" with something more concrete: If you're driving to work and you see a crowd of velociraptors just past the next exit, you don't change lanes to avoid them – you get off the damned highway. Referencing existing code is one thing. Copy/pasting that code, or writing new code based on it, without actually looking at the documentation to know what you're doing, is another thing entirely. I am always suspicious of advice based on studies of "what successful people do" because there is a high potential for false causality, and for inapplicability to other people's lives. I suspect that many of these habits of successful people are simply side effects of the way that their minds work, and that they may not work for someone whose mind works differently. Ripe bananas are yellow, but painting a green banana yellow does not ripen it. I will speculate as to how it might be that being successful is correlated with looking forward, even if that is not an inherent fact: the "to-do list" is a familiar, well-known concept, while the "done list" is not. So if you're motivated by the future, you have a ready-made tool that will make you more successful. If you're motivated by your recent accomplishments, you have no such tool - and you may even make things worse by using a future-motivating tool that is not effective for you. Like I said, this is speculation and hypothesis. But I will say from experience that it is often the case that person A has a habit that seems effective, and person B sees no benefit from adopting that habit. > If you make this parameter have a default, it would be easy to use this function (or read code that uses it) without even realizing that the function can operate in more than one "mode." So? I don't understand what the problem is. The very act of packaging code in a function is one that hides information about what that function does. And suppose you don't provide a default for the `strict` argument. Unless you're using a language with named function arguments (or an approximation thereof like Objective-C), you won't know that the `false` you see in the argument list means "don't use strict" anyway until you read the documentation. And once you're reading the documentation, this all becomes moot. > There is no indication at the call site what mode it is operating in, and indeed if the default value is flipped in the header file the caller could change behavior with no code change at the call site! Yeah, and if you reorder your function parameters, or rename your function, or change the "strict" argument to "lax", or an infinite number of other changes, you would also change behavior with no change at the call site. The solution in each case is "don't do that". Again, the act of packaging code in a function is one that makes it so that changes in behavior can happen independent of the call site. Sometimes it works to your advantage. Sometimes it doesn't. That's just life. > 8 years in prison seems overly harsh though Seriously, it's not like he sold a 4 oz of weed or anything. >You're making a huge assumption here that the way someone's mind works is fixed and unalterable. Well first off, that's not what I meant by my analogy. I was making a point about causality vs. correlation. Secondly people's minds are certainly alterable, but the extent to which they can be altered is not unlimited. Moreover, given a scale with A) altering your mind so that you can adopt someone else's habits, and B) adopting habits which play to your current strengths, it makes more sense to tend toward B when possible. > our culture has come to view death as a medical failure rather than life’s natural conclusion. Death is a medical failure, just like our inability to cure herpes is a medical failure. That there's no way to overcome the failure yet does not imply that it is not a failure. Fear of death is natural and healthy. Death is a bad thing. Arguments otherwise are borne of a desire to rationalize the inevitable. This article really gives the impression that Cuil was a bigger deal than it was. That's a lot of words to express "It's iDisk for Windows." Pretty cool, but I have to hit "return" twice to get a line to execute (but not "enter"). > some kind of bounds Definitely. I can give a lower bound right off the top of my head: twelve. There are at least twelve functionally distinct C programs. It's really coming together. Now if they will just allow autocomplete to search across all open files, my life will be perfect. > If I wake up in the middle of the night and go back to sleep... I feel like ass the next day. If you wake up because you have to, or if you just happen to wake up in the middle of the night naturally? > If you can use a local in-process data-store (sqllite, levelDB, BDB etc) you’ll be winning massively. Hold on just a sec. SQLite? Isn't that essentially equivalent to saying "If you never have to concern yourself with database locking, you'll be winning massively?" How can we be talking about scalability and SQLite in the same article? I have a lot of respect for Thrun, but the online AI class was such an unmitigated disaster. I feel like he and Norvig really needed to work with someone experienced with organizing and producing that kind of project rather than just trying to wing it themselves. Maybe it was just a rough first attempt, but I would be extremely reluctant to take part in another one of his online teaching efforts, or to recommend them to others interested in learning. Well, first off, there was the fact that the "whiteboard" consisted of them writing on notebook paper. Had this been the only shortcoming, it would have been fine, but seriously, there are so many better ways to present something on a computer screen than writing in a notebook under a camera. But what really got under my skin and ultimately caused me to give up on the program were the errors in the videos, and how they were dealt with – namely, by putting some correction text underneath the video on the website. This was annoying and frustrating to try to learn with even for simple errors. But it was ridiculous when the error was a single character change within three lines packed with newly introduced notation. The minimal correct way to handle this would have been simply to overlay a YouTube annotation over the incorrect text. Those would have shown up in full screen mode, and they wouldn't have required students to simultaneously mentally amend what they were watching while juggling new concepts in their heads. I was also not thrilled when newly introduced terminology got thrown around imprecisely in some of the videos, leaving the viewer wondering what these terms actually mean, and what the teacher was actually trying to say. I have no doubt that Thrun and Norvig are great computer scientists. But a great scientist and a good teacher are not often found in the same person. For that person to also be a good video director would have to be a miracle. Well no arguments there. So is your point that small sites should focus on small site performance and not try to optimize prematurely for scalability? Interesting. I'll have to check that out then. If they've really learned from the experience, perhaps we can write AI Class off as a prototype. There's no way I would be able to form a reasonable opinion about an online course given 5 minutes. I had no intention of "belittling" anyone's efforts. A large part of my purpose in posting was to spark a discussion and possibly find out if those efforts have improved. From what people have said, it sounds like they have. So it was by no means a waste of my time to post my comment. I don't know why you decided to be a jerk about it. This is presumably ignoring the battery capable of storing on the order of 10^32 kJ[1]. The steel is really the least of your worries. [1] http://scienceblogs.com/builtonfacts/2009/02/the_physics_of_... The thing is, there is reason to believe that these shortages are exactly what the DEA wants. Shire Pharmaceuticals has convinced the DEA that Vyvanse is the solution to the adderall abuse problem, and the DEA apparently doesn't understand that the American healthcare system simply doesn't allow everybody on generics to switch to an expensive name-brand medication. They're basically trying to manipulate the marketplace in order to force patients to switch to a drug that they expect to be easier to control. Of course, economics aside, Vyvanse is not a drop in replacement for adderall, and many people find it less effective or more prone to side effects. So it's also a good example of a government regulation that isn't in sync with medical science. >That infographic tells the story -- 50% more Iowan children need amphetamines to function as compared to New Yorkers? Why assume that there is overdiagnosis in Iowa rather than underdiagnosis in NY? >and the folks who need it will be fine ...if they have health insurance and Vyvanse works for them. No beds? Am I alone? I would be very interested to see you produce a modern website that way. >I'm also against telling people they have a medical disorder and need to take a recreational drug for it. Why? Do you not believe medical disorders exist, or do you just not think that people should be told when they have them? > And damn right Adderall is a recreational drug So? DXM is a recreational drug, and it is also an effective cough suppressant. Caffeine is a recreational drug and it's also an effective alertness aid. Cannabis is a recreational drug and is also an effective analgesic, helps in the treatment of glaucoma, and relieves nausea. That something can be used recreationally is irrelevant to its medical utility. >Imagine if we would see something like V12 in the future, a JavaScript engine running on nVidia CUDA. For that concept even to make sense, we would have to have massive leaps forward beyond what is currently even believed possible in the realm of auto parallelization. Can you elaborate? > No hours of effort to find good content among the trash. Yes, because there's rarely any good content on in the first place. You're just forced to settle for something mediocre, or not watch TV. Yes, but it could still be legitimately useful. Show me a powerful technology and I'll tell you how it can be misused, but that won't invalidate its potential usefulness. > So the only point in your snark comment was "you will also need javascript". Right. Javascript is not Go or Python. You will need more than those two languages. >Plus, you could even code your javascript in Python, with Pyjamas ;-P Please don't do that. There are actually some really good points here. I was bracing myself for the typical anti-dynamic-typing article that merely confuses dynamic typing and weak typing, but no, these are good points. I will say, however, that weak typing can be used to overcome the first complaint. For example, in Python, if you were to do apply a function that resulted in integer overflow, you would get an automatic conversion to long integers. (The actual example doesn't really apply in this case, since to make that function work at all in Python, you'd have to to make `n` a float, which would fix the problem anyway). Edit: And yes, I know that Python is a strongly typed language, but implicit conversion to long integers is still an example of weak typing. >Use specific names for variables, for example "value", "equals", "data", ... are not valid names for any case. I have to disagree. As parameters to short functions/methods, names like "value" and "data" can be perfectly appropriate, especially if those names correspond to types. > Not that different from using Coffescript It is pretty different from using CoffeeScript. CoffeeScript produces output you wouldn't mind having to work with if you had to switch to JS. PyJamas produces a tangled mess that won't play nice with other JS libraries. > or the Closure Compiler. Yeah, don't do that either. >I wonder what people did before we had all the fancy names though. They suffered, just like people with schizophrenia did back when we believed in visions and demonic possession. >But psychology is not a science. It's extremely subjective. This is about psychiatry, not psychology. Psychiatry is absolutely a science. (And so is psychology, albeit a tricky one.) The whole "secret formula" thing is more of a marketing gimmick than anything. > Letting "integers" silently overflow is weak typing. "Weak typing" is a broad concept, but that's not one of the ideas that it covers. In any case, Python's conversion of integers to long integers is not transparent. It is an actual change to a different type, which is an example of weak typing. > Ogilvy found that, on average, headlines placed below an image are read by 10% more people than headlines above. Since reading the headline is a prerequisite of reading the body copy, you’re losing a potential 10% of your audience if you’re distracting them with an image in the wrong place. Actually, you'd be losing at most about 9% of your audience. I know that's a bit of a nitpick, but it bugs me when people equate "not X% more" with "X% less". Also, to actually lose 9% of your readers to your headline position, you have to make the very optimistic assumption that you're not losing readers to any other factor. It is interesting that people describe their state of mind when placed under very stressful physical conditions as "clear". They go to great lengths to distort their perception of reality, and then extol the "clarity" with which they understand the world. In truth, this is no different from the perceptual alteration afforded by psychotropic drugs, but then again, people ascribe "spiritual clarity" to those experiences as well. Something similar happened to me years ago. They accused me of "click fraud". All I can figure is that a disgruntled reader decided to click repeatedly on my ads to get me in trouble. There really isn't an appeal process. You email them asking for details, and they reply with form letters. They do, but when you file a counter notice, you swear on penalty of perjury that you believe the original notice was filed "in error". IANAL either, but it seems like that means that if you want to take the most expeditious means of getting your content back up, you effectively surrender any recourse to call them on their perjury. It's not a bad start, but a clone of Photoshop it ain't. Yeah, I searched after it happened to me and found a lot of cases, including a couple of angry exes. CoffeeScript is great, but it's pretty important to understand JS in order to use it. They list those under "compound assignment operators", which makes sense given that += and -= are found in all of these languages. It's also worth noting that compound assignment operators do not form expressions in Python. So "i++" in PHP/Perl/Ruby is very different from "i += 1" in Python. It should be very easy to implement geometric hashing in CoffeeScript, which can greatly improve collision performance. That's not N! . N! is (N)(N-1)(N-2)... What you have there is (N)+(N-1)+(N-2)..., which is O(N²) I've heard others give the same argument, but I don't find it very compelling. There's no rule that says that science cannot be applied to purely human endeavors. We would not say that sociology is not a science, even though it is a study of a purely human concept. Science is simply a method of increasing your knowledge of a system. It doesn't matter if that system is the bare physical universe, the chemical interactions within a cell, or the flow of data and logic in a computer program. One unambiguous application of the scientific method to computing is in debugging. Your program behaves unexpectedly – aha! a new phenomenon. The lateral thinking hardware in your brain engages as you tinker around, reproducing the bug and noticing the conditions in which it happens. You gather all of this together with your existing knowledge of the system, and come up with an explanation for the bug – a hypothesis! Then you try to falsify your hypothesis. You might try to falsify it by watching a value in the debugger, for example. Or you might modify your program and see if the bug persists or changes its behavior. You aren't usually recording all of this on paper, because in this case you don't care much about presenting your findings to others. Others will be satisfied if the bug is gone. And of course, you probably aren't thinking of the words "hypothesis" and "experiment". But that's what you did, and that's why you figured out the bug. (On the other hand, some programmers try to debug their programs by poking and picking randomly at their code until they get it working. I would urge them to try adopting a scientific approach. It's not just a way to satisfy a teacher in a chemistry lab, as it turns out.) I don't understand why this is considered superior to using `new`. I guess it's supposed to be less confusing to those who try to use JavaScript without understanding it (and hey, we've all been there), but I don't see how it really helps. It doesn't magically make the newcomer understand prototypal inheritance. Feynman is talking there about things which call themselves science but do not actually correctly follow the scientific method. The distinction between "the scientific method" and "science" is meaningless, and the claim that CS does not qualify as a science because it only deals with something manmade is little more than elitism. Neat, but is it really that impressive? Instead of using an external plugin, the plugin is rolled into the browser. There was no reason to expect that would be difficult. The real difficulty will be getting different browsers to provide reasonably compatible implementations. > So, if we buy a laptop from vendor X, that might be based in some not-fully-democratic country Like, say, the US... Yeah, it's not like we'd be surprised to find out that the NSA, for example, asked hardware manufacturers to include a backdoor for government use. I suppose it doesn't open up much possibility for discussion afterward, but I wasn't intending to troll. I just think we need to remember that we don't have to imagine some undemocratic international threat to understand why these issues are important. > Can you see the LED flash when you press a button? No? Not even the tiniest amount? I used to be able to see it when I was a kid (it looked very faintly red), but I just tried it and couldn't see it at all. That's actually a little bit disturbing. > people aren't saying that "CoffeeScript is a priori somehow wrong or inferior or a bad choice". It may not be the best anti-CoffeeScript argument out there, but it is a pervasive one. The most common objection I've seen to using CoffeeScript is not any actual criticism of the language or of the various overhead created by another layer of abstraction, but simple horse laughs along the lines of "CoffeeScript is a toy. Use a real language." While the stronger arguments should be addressed, like the one against against adding an additional abstraction, I don't think addressing the weaker arguments is "missing the point". I would also argue that even if the abstraction overhead of CoffeeScript proves problematic in the long run, it would still be an excellent tool for writing out a functioning sketch of your project. The individual components can then, if needed, be rewritten in JS. And because of CoffeeScript's golden rule, that's a wonderfully simple process. And the award for most unexpected f-bomb goes to... Publicly supporting anonymous isn't illegal.