The Icelandic domestic minister (which handles asylum requests) has announced that Snowden will be treated like any other asylum seeker[1]. That is not good news for Snowden since Iceland's take on asylum seekers is usually to not handle their case at all, or turn them back[2]. However Hanna Birna (the minister) has been highly criticized for her take on the issue, since it clearly contradicts the IMMI initiative ( https://immi.is/ ). And hopes are that the Parliament will handle his case. But in short, the Icelandic government is not going to do anything about Snowden. [1] http://www.visir.is/engin-sermedferd-fyrir-snowden/article/2... (icelandic) [2] some statisstics here ( http://redcross.lausn.is/Apps/WebObjects/RedCross.woa/swdocu... ) in icelandic too. Well, there might be 0.1% chance. I mean, Framsóknarflokkurinn just supported the new constitution, a bill put forward by the Leftist Green. They might yet surprise us. When is it being voted on? Are people going to gather around Alþingi? Has anyone planed anything to push the MP on letting this through? I don't get it, why is it so important to separate our cognitive system into infinite units, one for everything we can feel? Why can't we, as an alternative, not possess two believes at the same time? Composed by different parts of the cognitive system. One for example might go through the frontal lobe and be overwritten by "reason" (if there is such a thing), and the other might go through more rostral regions, and be overwritten by emotions (which, in fact, will manifest it self into muscle movments)? Another alternative might be that the same stimuli manifests it self in different ways at the same time, after going through different coginitive systems (no a/believe construct required). So the fearfull ("irrational") behaviour ("the alive") gets manifested in the sympathetic nervous system (into muscle movements, hormonse, thermo-regualtion),while the vocal ("rational") behaviour ("the be lieve") gets manifested in cognitive systems responsable for speach-like cognitions, i.e. frontal regions. The internet filter at the café I'm connected to at the moment (Stofan in Reykjavík, I'm sure some of you know the place) actually blocked me [following this link]( http://www.siminn.is/lokad-a-sidu/ ). Failing a class doesn't tell me anything. What does it even mean? Did 50% of the student not learn the material, didn't they learn but parts of it, what were the requirements, the criteria for "passing"? Who made that criteria, and what was it based on? A single pass/fail ratio from a single case study doesn't tell me anything. Especially if the data is not explained. I apologize, I'm new to HN, and not familiar with customs, good practice, and such. Perhaps I should have included ´[dev-doc]´ or ´[alpha]´ in the title. I've always been fascinated with naïve set-theory, and how it was refuted after it's apparent inconsistency, the famous Russell's paradox of the set of all sets that don't contain it self, and only contains it self if it doesn't etc. So supposing it's False, yields True, and supposing it's True yields False. But what fascinated me was not the Russell's set, but it's inverse, the set of all sets that contain it self, lets call it S. For the statement S is a member of S —the set of all sets that contain it self, really contains it self— yields True if and only if you suppose it's True, and it yields False if and only if you suppose it's False. S is therefore always consistent no matter the value. Both values are correct, but never at the same time. I don't know particularly what it means, but the fact that you can do this, makes me wonder if this super-consistency is applied anywhere else in the philosophy of science, but nobody has ever realized the equivalent inverse, and therefor never demonstrated the inconsistency. I lived in San Francisco as an illegal immigrant, with a bachelors in psychology and a newly found interest in computer science, not able to enroll to a graduate program—nor undergraduate for that matter, I thought I could volunteer as a research assistant in some lab in the Bay Area. How wrong was I. In the off chance that some professor was interested (some professors are cool people who don't follow customs for the sake of customs), the schools bureaucratic system rendered it impossible for the professor to accept my free (as in beer) service. Now that I'm back in my home country, with it's free (also as in beer) education system, I'm unable to tackle the project I'm interested in, for professors tend not to facilitate projects that don't fit in their narrow field of interest (reads, the main topic of their 10 most resent publishes). The university system truly suppresses spontaneity and unorthodoxy. Even though most of my code is in Python and JavaScript, and probably is going to remain that in the near future, and by far the majority of my Lisp coding is and will remain in ELisp, Scheme is, and most likely will remain, my favourite programming language. I don't use it for any practical reason, on any code that others might pick up on and build on top. I use it purely as a hobbyist language, and for that it's awesome. Scheme is how I learned Computer Science (even though I learned how to program in Python). Scheme is awesome for multiple reasons, more reasons than other languages in my opinion, and popularity is not one of theme. And that is perfectly fine. hmm, you are correct. S really isn't that interesting. And my scepticism towards justification through non-contradiction because of possible super-consistancy is therefor based on false premises. > The most difficult task was to teach them things they were previously taught incorrectly. That is an easy thing to fix. If they take everything the teacher tells them at face value, they are bound to to repeat silly errors (and worse, biases,) in the teachers knowledge. If you teach them that the teacher might err (including you), then it is so much easier for you to demonstrate how they know wrong. Even better, if you fail at something while teaching (everybody do), they will be more likely to correct you, and you will learn something from them . Well, if efficiency is the endgoal here, than bean cultivation seems way more logical answere to beef alternatives than fake meat. You basically take the the food you would otherwice feed your cows, stew it together with some saffran and beet juice (the same colorants as for the fake meat) and you have your economy-burger. No intermediate step which takes 10 times the space of a traditional meat-farm, no anti-biotics, fat-free and no need for any living, breathing animal slughtering. Honestly I cant find a single logical reason why this artificial-meat buisness is a good idea except for "just because we can" Humanity has never -- with the exception of extreme cases, historical or modern -- eaten as much meat as the western man does now [1]. The only reason we eat as much meat as we do, I think, is out of marketing. The perceived need for more meat is therefor to saturate the marked. The problem arising from growing meat consumption include, pollution, maldistribution of food, animal suffering, wasting of land and resources, wasting of water, etc. [1] I suppose I need a reference for this claim, but think in terms of economy and you'll find that no other culture can afford this much land and resorces to go under meat-farming other than current western cultures --edit-- I forgot about humans living in extreme environments that live (by necesity) almost exclusively on meat, like the inuits in Greenland, before major western influence. It doesn't change the fact that the majority of all culteres do, and have in the past, eaten but a porportion of the meat that the average westerners eat today. Stem cells don´t sell unless they come with hamburgers No, I can't find a single logical reason. Saturating peoples appetite for overmarkeded type of food doesn't seem logical to me. Just because people will pay money for it, doesn't make it a good idea. I'm going to make political remark because the issue by its nature is very political. We are wasting time and energy investigating solution to a real problem from the wrong end. Doing science is not enough to solve this problem, we need to do politics too (or social science for that matter). Infact doing science might ultimately lead us to enhance the problem. Now we are looking for a way to make a very wastefull behavior more economy friendly. Meat consumption at the current mass scale is unpresidented and there is no reason to enforce it. Alternatives include alternative diet, less waste, better usage of the food we already grow. We have found brilliant ways to cultivate food at minimum cost, but it is not securing the majority of our species food intake. And the western meat marked might be the biggest factor for this injustice. Now trying to solve it by further saturating the western marked with meat -- a product that is to blame for this mal-distribution of food -- is not going to solve any problem. It is going to shift the attention away from the real issue at hand and further stabilizing a marked that is currently really unfair and damaging. Im sorry for the misuse of the word 'logic'. By 'logic' I ment 'makes human sence'. But I was wrong there too. For investigating in means to satisfy our tastebuts, more economly, sound really human to me. I guess, what I'm saying is simply that the time and effort going into artificial meat, and the promise it is going to generate will probably end up in continued overcomsuption. Totally overshadowing the social consernes. I only wish an investigation into how to behaviorally modify our species from doing wastefull and damaging stuff on mass scale, would get as much funding and attention. > Blaming marketing for meat consumption is somewhat unfair - people love meat - in the past it was reserved for the rich and wealthy Don't be confused, it still is. The sepparation now just spans continents instead of classes. You are right, and I edited me original comment accordingly I'm also really excited about the integration of Julia and IPython. https://news.ycombinator.com/item?id=6173212 Only if the authors are also the copyright holders, ironically that is rarely the case. What is recognition? What are intentions? These terms are void of meaning outside of human context. So if intelligence is defined around those human-centred terms (that are even too vague to account for human-specific intelligence[1]), surely nothing will ever be considered intelligent but a human being. [1]: https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/The_Bell_Curve So what you are saying, is there is a hierarchy of hierarchies. Westerners suppress non-westerners. Within western society, whites suppress non-whites. And within white westerners, the upper-class suppresses lower classes. And within the white- upper-class western society, males suppress females... One can continue. Perhaps there is a tradition of suppression, starting at the bottom and reaching the top. I mean, women are suppressed within all classes, all societies, all races. (Generally speaking of course). Perhaps any kind of repression breeds further repression? My point is. There is no need to stop focusing on systematic suppression on one group, just because other groups are also being suppressed. EDIT: Before anybody comments on this, I know this presented hierarchy doesn't exist. I mean, I could as well have started with, "males suppress females, and within male society western males suppress..." (so there is more like a heap of hierarchies). I just used this as an example to make a point. That is treat a human being like she does not have emotions. That is treat a human being like something that is an object. http://dictionary.reference.com/browse/objectification First, if you define women under the same criteria as objects, then you need to seriously reconsider your vocabulary. The world is different then Java™ will have you believe. In everyday language I talk about objects in terms of things that are not subjects. Subjects are characters --people and non-human animals-- that I attribute personality to, and can identify with. Objects are things that are not subjects. To objectify someone is, by definition, to treat a subject like an object. Heckling and wolf whistling is removing the characteristic of emotions from a subject. It is therefor treating a human being like an object. And, by definition objectifying. Point taken. It's just that the article in question is focusing on a particular kind of suppression. I too live in a country where ageism and xenophobia attribute far more alienation and oppressive behaviour then sexism. But oppression is oppression, and whenever somebody is oppressed, it is worth fighting against, be it general, like you want to fight against, or specific, like this article is fighting against. Sometimes I hear animal right activists argue that there is a direct link between animal oppression and minority oppression. I think they might not be far off. If you have the heart to oppress non-human animals, what's stopping you from oppressing the homeless, and if you have the hart to oppress the homeless, why do immigrants deserve your respect? why do the gays, why do women? I hadn't heard about intersectionality before, but knowing how dynamic the societal hierarchy is, and knowing that individuals are often times worse oppressors then governments, it makes sense that people would cast their oppression in various ways down the hierarchy. According to your theory --of children as free thinkers whose actions represent their own 'free will'-- doesn't account for why advertizement works. If it were true, nobody would spend money on advertizement because everybody's actions is fully controlled by rational thinkers. Nor does your theory account for insanity or stupidity (why do something stupid if you have full control of your actions?) In fact your theory implies that children somehow are agents not affected by outside stimuli. Which would make them unique in nature. Your theory in fact is by far more unbelievable then any theory of the powers of marketing. Just think of two opposing theories. One account scribes that humans are not rational thinkers, our actions constitutes of the stimuli around us. We can be pursued against our best interest. The other accounts for humans having 'free will'. Our free will explains our rational thinking, we will always maximize our utility. Advertizement has no effect if it doesn't meet our utility. Now if you thing about those two theories and compare them. Look at evidences for either ones and evaluate their validity, surely you must come to the conclusion that either we humans are special in nature of being able not to respond to stimuli due to some 'free will apparatus' or, more likely, marketing agents have the ability to control us. Or at least, by Okham's razor, the media explanation is the more plausible one. Doesn't falsify my point. If everybody was rational, then no advertising would perform signalling function if it wouldn't serve to maximize our utility. Can you explain where the definition gets circular so I can fix it, I'm sorry, but I can't find it. 1. An object is something that is not a subject. 2. A subject is a character, something I can identify with, something I can attribute some characteristic to. 3. To objectify is to remove from a subject the characteristics that makes it a subject. I stopped doing math when I was 18, and did an undergrad in psychology. Now I am doing a second undergrad, this time in math. Coming back in after a decade of absence wasn't difficult at all (but then again undergrad is somewhat easier then grad school), and it was definitely worth it. Horizontal web layouts are awesome. A petty how difficult they are to achieve, this one does it well. It is beautiful, both the layout and the contents. The only thing, I wished down scroll would take me left, since thats the intuitive continuation direction. >> What's easier for humans is subjective. What's easier for computers is objective. Just want to point out that perhaps we humans are not as subjective as our intuition indicates. The third rear brake light make car's stopping distance shorter. There are human (psychological) reasons for that. I mean you could do objective approach all you want to make traffic safer, like build better brakes, but ultimately, humans control cars, humans have biased (arguably fixed) way of thinking, and there are ways to create interfaces that makes use of that bias. 1-based indexing makes ton of sense when your tool is meant for human use, because most of us is biased towards start counting at 1, objectively at least. See, copyright violation has a well defined term, namely "copyright violation". Piracy means something completely different (an act of robbery or criminal violence at sea). Despite negative connotations "hacking" still means expanding the usage of an object and "terrorism" still means enforcing ones ideals through violence . So these comparisons are not valid. EDIT: To make my point clear. When clicking the link, I thought the article was literally about pirates, that is sea criminals (or perhaps the political party). If only the author would have used the more descriptive, and more correct term "copyright infringement" I would have been less confused. So usage of the word " piracy " in this context is both damaging, wrong and confusing. It's true, even though humans and computers are two very different things, we both share the fact that we are hard wired to do some things (detecting lines and motion in the human case). I guess the discussion above is not the best example since the symbol "1" just some abstract symbol that represents a lot of things (including a unit; and a base for counting), one can just as easily use the symbol "0" for that (although it is counter to the standard notation, and will need some getting used to). In fact, it would be an interesting neuroscientifical research to measure the neurological activity that the symbol "1" and "1ˢᵗ" trigger in a programmers brain inside the context of a prose or written English language, and compare it to the activity the symbol `a[0]` triggers inside the context of code. Note that Class based != Object Oriented. Also note that theories that have tried to categories real world objects into classes have a tendency to fail (although they also have a tendency to become enormously popular [see Platon and Aristoteles fx.]). So the claim that classes allows you to model a problem in real-world terms, is most likely false. See for example http://citeseerx.ist.psu.edu/viewdoc/download?doi=10.1.1.56.... for a review. – All things being equal, the simpler explanation tends to be the true – There exist a big culture and history of land theft in the Americas by the white upper class from the 16th century until present time. Now there exist no evidence of extra-terrestrials. So I personally belief the post's explanation over yours. Mugging is an act of violence. It violates the victims freedom of action and causes great damage. Squatting is a non-violent act. It provides shelter to someone who didn't have it before. The owner of the shelter can be unaware of the fact that his property is being used for several months, emphasizing the lack of damage by the act. Evicting a squatter, on the other hand, causes damage to the victim in fact, it removes a shelter from someone. So mugging and squatting are two very different acts May I note that theft, invasion of privacy, and vandalism are all violent crimes that causes harm to the victim[1]. Those crimes can follow almost any human acts, such as partying (party people mug), alcohol consumption (drunk people steal), protests (politically opposing people vandalize), but you wouldn't say those things are equal, you would look at these marginal cases as a subset and to be treated as separate acts. In short. Squatting is sometimes, but rarely followed with more violent and damaging crimes. But squatting in it self are not those crimes. --- [1] with exception, of course, in the case of vandalism, if no the "owner" is oblivious of its value, or when vandalism acts to prevent further vandalism, like the destruction of military tools and weapons. No. In case of burglary, the victim looses its possession. In the case of squatting, the possession is still theirs. It is only the status of the property that changes from "vacant" to "in use". Note that the change of status is temporary and reversible (as opposed to burglary). Again, squatting is not the issue, but human decency. If the owner would give her/his consent, it would be really hard for a squatter (given that she/he has human decency) to oppose eviction, given a good reason for why she/he has to leave. I don't know. Threre are numerous examples of a consent being given after squatters move in. In most cases the owner has nothing to loose, so a consent makes perfect sense if you want to keep good comunication with those who are using your property. again squatting != theft. Those are sepperate issues. Just because there are evil squatters out there, it doesn't make squatting evil. again. Squatting != theft/vandalism. plus I have no empathy towards folks that have property they don't use, and then actively engage in preventing others from using it, and then finally complain about how difficult it is to prevent other people to use their property they don't use in the first place. Note that most talk about marginal groups are based on selection bias. In the case of a squatter, the selection bias is usually towards the graffitying, punk who steals, dopes and vandalizes. The comment above was just presenting an anectode against the prevaling prejudice (which in turn are based on other anectodes). Funny you should say that since "property is theft!" is one of the earliest slogan in the anarchist literature and is often quoted by squatters advocates :-) What you have to consider, though, is the fact that not all property is equal. There is a difference between owning a toothbrush, and owning slaves. Equalling all property would be identifying a policeman's action of emancipating a prostitute from her pimp as theft of property, which of course is nonsense. To give an example. Imagine you go to a country where slavery is legal, disgusted by their treatment you join some activists that emancipates slaves. Now you are stealing the slaveholders property and therefor committing a crime. Are you going to hold that crime at par with stealing someones money, or someones bicycle? Now this is an extreme example, but a few hundred years ago it wouldn't be so far out, and slave emancipators, now considered heroes, were then considered criminals? Same may hold a few hundred years from now in case of land. Land hording is criminal, it keeps other people of it. It could and should be used for the great of the community. Squatting a few hundred years from now may be looked at as land emancipation, even though now it is as criminal as stealing a bike. I didn't do trig until after I had finished BS in psychology. Rather I learned it from Khan academy, Wikipedia, and the like. During my second BS (this time in math) a colleague was amazed at my inside and intuition to trig, even though he had taken as much math prior to Uni as he could, and I hadn't. Just to give an anecdote of the inverse. Since when was 'free will' a criteria for property?? So you couldn't own a dog, you couldn't own farm animals? If that is not a fair comparison (since farm animals arguably don't have free will), then who is to say that slaves do? I use IPython/SymPy for the same purpose. It is nice to be able to do these calculations on my local machine, in stead of relying on an internet conection. Plus I get the powers of Python to back me up if I want to do anything more compilcated. I see that some professors (not in my school though) publish they’re lecture notes as IPython notebooks. That is super clever and allows interactivity with the lecture material. I don’t know the mobile/tablet support of IPython notebook however. Perhaps if universities would robustly seed their staffs and students torrents? Not to mention how awesome they become when you feed them as a set of values to a function. values = (f(x) for x in list) g(*values) I'm sorry for commenting around your main point, but I have a question regarding the safety of GMOs, since biologists are keen on declaring them "safe". So there are ample evidence for the safety of their consumption. But is that the only criteria for safety? Is GMO safe for business? Are there social risks? Is there a risk of monopoly? Is it safe for the environment? Are butterfly spices at risk? Are less thorough plants loosing migration from escaped GMO plants? I'm asking since there seems to be a really anthropocentric definition of "safety" at work here. In fact, there seems to be a really western centric definition. Is it really safe for the food production of this world to invest such time and money in an unsound production process, that is likely to leave the business of food production in few hands with minimum diversity for land use? Or is "safe to eat" enough to conclude the debate? Thanks for this good and thorough answer. And sorry again I derailed your main point. Actually it does sharpen my calc skills. Now I can do more experiments, better visualizations, I can try something out and see if I'm wrong. All that helps on accumulating insight. Plus, if knowing your tools makes a good carpenter, why is it different with mathematicians. From my experience YES! Before I start, I'd like to note that I am a young white, non-handicapped male. Most of my participation in the shared economy comes from hitchhiking, and I've done a lot of it. Only once has a car stopped that had a black passenger in it. I don't think that black people are racist towards white hitchhikers, but I think there is a deep barrier of trust at issue. Black people do experience racism at so many levels of society, that when it comes to shearing excess resource with some white opportunists.. HELL NO!, I wouldn't do it. I'm not saying that black drivers are racist towards white hitchhikers. I'm trying to demonstrate that there is a huge racial gap in our societal battery. White people are privilege enough to be able to trust a fellow citizen. Normally, experience tells black people not to. ps. The same can be said about women, handicapped, and the homeless. But definitely the case of black discrimination is one of the most severe there. pps. The pattern I described seems to brake with anarchist and charity groups. I've done food-not-bombs, homes-not-jails, occupy, and there blacks, whites, women, etc. participate together in a shared ecosystem. I wonder why? I second that No, you've got it wrong. A p -value of .05 means that given a true null-hypotheses, you have a 5% chance of getting this result anyway. That is, if there is no difference in the population mean, than you still have a 5% chance of finding a sample that contains this difference anyway. Do you see the difference. The p -value doesn't tell you anything about the population, it only gives you information about your sample -- a confusion that this article was pinpointing. So what the 29% is telling you is that, the chances of finding a statistically significant result ( p = 0.05 ) given a population factor of µ = 0 are up to 29%. Whereas given a population factor of µ = 0 the chances of getting a significant result ( p = 0.05 ) is 5%. EDIT: erased a wrong and confusing claim. It's a pity I can't answer on the SE but I have experience in this matter, I came to the US (through Newark) once with a visa to stay for 6 months, without proof of financial support, without contact information for somebody in the US, reluctance to tell my purpose, and a tent as my means of accommodation. I was taken to a back room where they were going to deny me entry, but I manage to persuade them that I had an uncle living in Texas and a friend in Oregon. So my advice is, go there without money, accommodation, contacts or purpose, and they won't let you in. Doing linear algebra -> Julia twiddling data tables making plots -> python/numpy/matplotlib abstract math/calculus -> python/sympy statistics/quick data analysis -> R I was thinking more in the line of "is Betteridge's law correct?" Really nice. Why did you skip the media query though? @media only screen and (min-width: 35em) { /* responsive styles */ } @media print { /* printed styles */ } Thanks for telling me, In fact I did send a pull request on the matter. (Although I don't understand the down-vote for stating a constructive criticism, what if I didn't know the vocabulary for media queries and was genuinely hoping to learn it on this site?). What about having your text editor do the build for you (use `.dir-locals.el` in emacs to compile your less on save for example) This isn't just about the Occam's Razor. The author goes through a thorough analysis of the evidence. Surely a forged video is a simpler explanation, but given the fact that the trajectory and the timing of the rock matches a simulated timing and trajectory and timing of a gravel falling out of the parachute, than the most probable explanation is the stowaway piece of gravel. Different platforms different designs. The web is not a printed page. TeX was not designed for the web and HTML is not intended for a well typeset print. Although It would be nice if my HTML would compile to TeX when a user presses the `print` button on their browser. Yeah, I wished that the rST .. math:: directive would use ascii math. firefox 29 on ubuntu 14.04. Unable to scroll right when the tree expands past the windows width. Julia !(a::Int) = !bool(a) !0 + 2 + 2 ##> 5 I don't think so. If you look at theatre for comparison (which is also an act of storytelling), most plays are simple amateur pieces, that anybody with some skills and knowledge can put together. However there are also very expensive professional theaters that that sometimes tell the same stories as the amateurs for many thousands times the cost of the amateur pies. Yet expensive theatre is found in every major city. To keep the analogy, NY-times is doing web-page stories Broadway-style. Perhaps they found an unexplored marked, perhaps it is too soon. But sooner or later, the art-form of story telling on the web is going to be taken to the next level done by professionals for a lot more money than any amateurs telling the same story. This is not how advertisements work. You're not "persuaded" by a single ad. Rather you are primed into believing it. A few days (or even hours) after you've seen an ad, you forget the source, but the content remains in your memory. The next time you see similar content, it will be more likely to stick. This goes on a few iterations, and pretty soon, out of a given population, the average individual is more likely to behave as suggested by the advertisement. What you thing during the advertisement is only secondary. Well you are more likely to read a seemingly handwritten letter then a printed one. That alone will expose a greater proportion to the content, where they'll be primed to certain keywords more likely to be picked up at a later through a mass broadcasted medium. And by that time, perhaps they'll relate that keyword to some personalized source, hence, a greater effect. You know, just like coupons relate a sense of favor to keywords/logos and therefor have a greater effect on persuasive power of a given proportion of the population. So people misquote Aristoteles, so what? His philosophy is over 2000 years old, and severely outdated. Even if he didn't say a bunch of the non sense that is often attributed to him, he still said a lot of non sense. Perhaps not his fault (I'm sure in the year 4000 Bertrand Russel and Ludwig Wittgenstein will be considered obsolete gibberish). The point is that attributing truth value to authority is bad. Western science halted for many centuries because truth value was given to what Aristoteles said (or didn't say). I suppose that the OP has learned her/his lesson by not trusting Bertrand Russel on the claims. But he/she is then just re-iterating Russel's point. Don't base truth on authority. When you think in types rather then objects it makes more sense. Or at least I think `+(u, v)` or `u + v`, is more natural then `u.plus(v)` or `u.+(v)` I the former case u and v are of numeric types that fulfil some numeric properties, so no interfaces are necessary, they are implied. I was homeless (living in a bus) with my girlfriend in San Francisco two years ago for 6 months and finding showers and shaving was one of the more difficult of necessities. There was a homeless facility in our neighbourhood (the Mission) that offered showers on Tuesdays and Thursdays, I usually went once a week. There was also girls only facility that my girlfriend used on Wednesday. Theoretically We could have taken the muni to other parts of the city for showers on other days, but the time and effort is usually not worth it (there is usually some 1-2 hours of waiting list involved). Other times we went to San Francisco State University for a shower. Although it's far away, the facilities are so comfy and sufficient compared to the homeless facilities that it is worth the trip, especially for shaving. Toilets were less of a problem, we used cafés, public parks, constructions porter potties (non-padlocked), and grocery stores. And laundry was no problem at all (we just used the coin-ups). I definitely agree with greater variability of sanitation possibilities. Especially when it comes to showers. Well, I was immigrating to USA from Iceland to live with my girlfriend who was studying at SF-State. She had only a room that she was renting, and her landlord didn't want an extra person staying there. We decided to by a VW van simply to avoid paying rent. It was a really good decision. We didn't have much money, but had enough to live comfortably. In fact it is really easy to live in San Francisco without spending any money. I cooked for food not bombs, we dumpster-dove at Rainbows, got more fruit and veggies at The free farmstand, and went out to dinner every Tuesday at Curry without Worry (I recommend it for everybody). I even acquired my tech skills at Noisebridge. We had a kitchen in our bus, so we cooked most of our food. We even made homemade jam and tried to make granola in our van. We had a french press, on sometimes invited friends and our neighbours over for coffee. We even had internet most of the time (donated by friendly neighbours at the pipe organ factory). We had planned for me to successfully immigrate (that is legally, we got married and all) but the bureaucracy and the money and uncertainty it would have taken was overwhelming (marriage is not enough if you don't have money). So we just decided for me to stay there illegally while she finished her school. We moved to Reykjavík before I had overstayed for too long (6 months have no severe consequences for a white boy like me), where I work at a small startup as a web-developer and designer. It was really wonderful times. In fact the freedom of owning your own place (that is our car) was awesome. Of course there were difficult moments, not being able to shower frequently was one of them. But all in all the experience was good. As for whom to help if you care about the homeless. In my view just general good manners are always the first thing that I thing of. Not to call the police on people would be a good start. Oh yes, and if you have a business that throws away food don't lock the dumpstes. Organizations like Food not Bombs, and Homes not Jails are really helpful. Of course my experience is radically different from people that become homeless out of desperation, and in fact their experience is radically different from people that become homeless out of drug addiction or mental health problems (which is also a really varied group). Exaggeration is a well known and powerful poetic tool. Although hate is not an exaggeration of what is going on, it is an emotionally loaded term that delivers the message clearly. You get all the relevant information from the context, and you get the urgency, and the disgracefulness of the act by using poetic replacement terms. Yes, this is precisely the case she should be making. Technology, protocols, and vulnerabilities are ethically agnostic, people aren't (short of psychopaths). There are always going to be exploitations of vulnerabilities, and there are always going to be vulnerabilities to be exploited. But sexual harassment is an ethical issue, that civil humans ought to vomit upon. It ought to be as criminal as trafficking. People doing it shouldn't get away with it, they ought to exposed as the psychopaths they are. Unfortunately in the case of revenge port, they aren't. And worse, by tackling this as an "hacking issue", you are keeping it that way. Number 1) could just as easily be done by the top management, and 4) by the workers. That leaves middle management only facilitating the voice of the worker, which is often time only an illusion anyway. Actually, pagans (at least some) celebrate jól during the solstice (december 21). Christianity plus the Gregorian calendar moved it 4 days to late. Thanks for the tip, It happened when I tried it on Windows, I think it was the babelify compilation. It should be fixed by now No! you can't compare these two scenarios. When urban population is resettled, first, it's also really unfair and shouldn't happen. Second, they're not nearly as dependent on the land as the Chaigos islanders. Third the resettlement is most often to a similar environment. Also, the argument about the late first population is silly. You wouldn't do this to any person. These are people, who's lifes have been ruined, and you can't do that to anybody. No matter if they are indigenous, 2nd generation immigrants, descendants of slave trade, or what ever. You don't do this to any people. You can see the video here https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=SkBpummjR5I I'd think you should use flexbox for what it's good at --calculating and distributing the available space on it's children-- and grid for what it's good at --enforcing strict and precise layout outlines--. I gave these kind of semantic spaces meaning when I wrote another implementation of AsciiMath[1] because I found it so intuitive. So `1-2 / 3-4 = (1-2) / (3-4)` but `1 - 2/3 - 4 = 1 - (2/3) - 4` like you'd expect. [1]: http://runarberg.github.io/ascii2mathml/ All changes will disrupt someones workflow[1]. I suppose browsers are no exception. 1: https://xkcd.com/1172/ Then there is the leading dots as commonly seen in tables of contents http://jsfiddle.net/hmquvmvp/ I'd think economics should be about describing systems in terms of cost, and finding how much a certain action will cost or profit the system. There is tons of economy to be found in the natural world, and it is mostly shunned by economists, and left to the naturalists. I don't know of any other science that ignores the natural world like that. And yes I see a problem with that. The probability of being wrong becomes huge. What good is an abstraction if it's wrong? I've been toying with a web app[1][2] using hyper[3] as for http connections and ws[4] for web socket connections. This was my first project using anything lower level than Javascript. I had a fairly good experience, my problems stemmed more from not knowing the least bit about memory management rather than lack of libraries. In fact the libraries that are already there tend to be very well documented, with lots of examples and explanations. 1: http://theremins.club 2: https://github.com/runarberg/theremins 3: https://crates.io/crates/hyper 4: https://crates.io/crates/ws function man { cat I have a problem with that approach as it superimposes the fifth level modifier key with the meta (alt) motifier key. When running my ubuntu I can rearrange the modifier keys that fits my use case the best (Caps lock and AltGr as ISO_Level_5, left Alt and right Super as Meta, etc) under OSX those all become the same key, and I either loose the ability to write common characters as `@` (AltGr + q), `}` (AltGr + 0) or the ability to execute common commands with simple key strokes like "Fill paragraph" (Meta + q) or "Forward word" (Meta + f). This non-sense has resulted in most of my co-workers swapping keyboards altogether with the English keyboard and writing the ascii equivalent of special letters (ae → æ, d → ð, þáði → tadi, etc.) because swapping keybards (even though it is only one command; Shift + Option + Space) becomes such a pain if you have to do so many times over the day. Imho, clearfix as a solution to a problem that existed before CSS3, when people used the `float` role to align things in a row -- when time came to stop the alignment behavior, you applied a clearfix. Today, you really only float things that have a block flow inside an inline context, like asides, pictures, blockquotes, etc. You don't really need clearfix since your inline content should just flow around it. If you are using floats on entire sections you are obviously doing something wrong, and you ought to ask your self if `display: flex` on the parent wouldn't be a better fit. I don't know about that. It should be fairly easy to study (and hence replicate). 1. Find a group of animals (preferably humans, but dogs, rats, pigeons, etc. should also work just fine). 2. Target a specific unnecessary behavior pattern (hobby) that all individual engage in. 3. Measure the baseline rate of that activity. 4. Introduce a reward: 4a. For a randomly selected subset the reward follows imminently the targeted behavior. 4b. For the rest they'll receive the "reward" equally often but at a time independent of the targeted behavior. 5. Drop the reward. 6. Let some time pass. 7. Measure the drop/increase in the behavior from the baseline measure. --- [edit] format. Thank you. This was a very informative read indeed. I'm currently in the process of rewriting a hobby compiler[1] that I hacked together over a year ago. This time I wanted to do it properly, and hence have been scouting on the web for a short, concise and to the point, tutorial that briefly explains most of the important concepts that I need to know be for I begin. This was exactly that tutorial. [1]: https://github.com/runarberg/ascii2mathml Not to mention numerous migrations over the Bering, one of the most resent, the Inuit migration, happened around the same time as the Norse explorations. I wrote a clone1[1] of asciimath recently that aims to be just a little bit better then asciimath. It only targets MathML though. [1]: https://runarberg.github.io/ascii2mathml > With a paper map what you see is what you get. That is not true. A good paper (road) map has three zoom levels. 1) A major map covering most of one side of the paper, with enough information to get you easily across the focus area of the map. 2) Often on the side a smaller, sparser macro area map, showing only the freeways and the major cities/towns, often spanning a slight larger area than the main map. 3) A few downtown/focus maps, that are far more detailed than the main map, showing more rodes (sometimes walking paths, and bike lanes, house outlines, etc.). Often on the side along with the macro level map, or on the back next to the index. And 4) a really good paper map has also a macro level public transportation map (often on the back as well) at a zoom level between (1) and (2). No, for their "Jaldi" font they simply use: font-family: "Jaldi script=latin rev=2" However, they are replacing what they think is a missing glyph with an image. For example, if I type the letter "r" while keeping the DOM inspector open, I see the text node containing the letter for a moment before it is replaced with an image element: This is most likely a javascript bug doing a false negative failed progressive enhancement.