LOL As if Apple is the root of all problems. As if Foxconn only manufacture products from Apple. As if people are FORCED to work in those conditions. As if they DONT have a choice of not working there. And i am sorry peeps, what happen if Apple suddenly decide to double pay Foxconn? What happens if EVERYONE double pay them? Would those people get double their salary? And it is great that Foxconn are now considering using Advance robotics instead, more people Jobless, more people suffer. Oh, and i forgot, American has once been through this stage as well, and looking from the web it is obvious they dont teach history there. Late to the Discussions, but i am surprise no one has mentioned atmail -www.atmail.com They have a cloud solution too. Personally i think this is the best email services. In the end it is about trust. Sometimes i just wish ISP would provide better DNS services. Well at least it is some great idea to look into. Although M$ has a habit of copying other people's idea and make it WORST. Another day to go before Windows 8 CP. I thought i was the only one who see this. Why haven't the blog been updated to something much more useful? Could someone care to expand and explain more on this? 1.They aren't really cash, they are cash equivalent. And it is interesting for other company, Newspaper only signal out what is really "cash" and leave those "cash equivalent" like bonds as separate thing. 2. Apple likes to have some money in the bank, so they dont need to borrow on anything. 3. Over 60% of its co called cash are overseas. Which means they cant really do anything with it. 4. The other 40%, are used for operational cost, paying big in front for favorable price, R&D, and even acquiring companies. 5. Apple has LOTS of High Profile Stores. Those Stores are long terms liabilities, and they do cost a bit operate. In the case of another huge economy downturn, those cash are what makes them stay afloat. I was actually wondering what happens if Apple do have 100B to buy into bonds or what ever, that is 2B a year of interest coming from it. I thought of the same as well, would really like some constructive discussion on the differences. Just a few things about not only a language barrier, but more importantly a culture barrier. Language Barrier is easier to break. Then there is the obvious, IRC always tends to get lots of slang and jokes, that even Brits from UK wouldn't get what that US American are laughing about. And this put off a lot of Eastern Developers. P.S - Nice to know DS read HN. I read a paper about it recently, and it states while everything is good, it will still takes years of research and development, trial and testing before it moves into deployment stage. So unless someone with many BILLIONS decide to tackle the problem, the time it takes Thorium to get traction making it not really an alternative ATM. We know this for a long time. Few years down the road in sub 10nm, we will reach the era where we cant shrink transistor endlessly. The problem with chip stacking on die is how to get rid of the heat passing through each layer. Stacking in itself has proven to be feasible by the Memory Cube. Where Heat isn't much of a concern. I wonder if Github will offer anything similar? Or will 37signal and GitHub merge one day? It will still take time to build Bring in new customers who are using Hipchat Bring in new talent. Half of your dev team uses IE o.O ?? JD is very good, but sorry to say he is not even close to being next SJ. I was guessing it would be GitHub. Buying Back Stocks or Dividend doesn't do any good for Apple, Apart from its shareholders. I am thinking on Worldwide Data Carrier Network. But Apple doesn't own ANY frequency spectrum. And there isn't a single worldwide common Whitespace for them to use. Buying Intel isn't out of reach. You only need 51% of Intel Stocks. And Apple can afford that. IT fits them in many ways. And i think Intel is pretty cheap for its price in terms of investment. Although i doubt that is realistically possible. That is another part i like about Server Side Rendering. You have much more control. Rendering Web Page would work well with your 1Ghz Machine. Email From Mediatemple, (mt) mail, which itself is based on Atmail You could get a Cloud Based version of Atmail from atmailcloud.com/ I think they are really expensive. I still found it hard to believe no one could beat the price on StormOnDemand.... I am still skeptical..... because of how good they sound and how cheap they are. And Yet no one mention them ANY where. For example HPcloud bandwidth is 3x the price. And HPcloud does not even offer Regional Hosting like AWS does. They only good thing i see is Akamai CDN. I hope they will offer DNS from Akamai as well. P.S - I am not in anyway connected to LiquidWeb / StormOnDemand. Is making those compiler features simple and easy? I was wondering why Rails.app need $25,000 while this is like half the price. I have no idea about broad meetings, how many % do you need in meetings to make such a move? I was under the assumption you only need over 50%, which he has already. Or is it different US? Why the heck are they making an Old, soon to be unused Ruby 1.8.3 as ISO standard. They should be thinking about 2.0 instead. But LuaJIT 2 is insanely fast, even the Heavy / Fast Ruby isn't even anywhere near its speed. So why would one choose mRuby over Lua? I am not sure if anyone on HN know what is Line. Since US / EU uses Whatsapp. Can you really just bring back the whole Asteroid? I mean without even knowing what exactly is inside and extraterrestrial hazard? But As somebody pointed out the operation cost does not yet make this feasible. The RAW materials inside are priced by supply and demand. While the cost of mining is pretty much fixed for a long period of time. Apple are great in many areas and things but absolutely poor in Internet services. They need to seriously overhaul that software department. I was going to ask, is this something new for CDN or do others like Akamai and EdgeCast offers something similar? Same thoughts here. I could never understand why anyone would go with AWS EC2. It is expensive and slow. You could get much better deals from other dedicated providers or cloud providers. Route53 is ok and improving although i would still recommend DNSmadeeasy. Interesting, according to the stats, if you have = sign done with out the shift it would have saved another 20% of the keystrokes. " Prompted by the occasion rather than being planned in advance" So what's wrong with it? Apart from Tax, there is also the problem with fluctuation of exchange rate. Then there are operating cost and other sorts of things. There is still quite a margin, but same type of Electronics devices would have cost more in UK compare to US even without the tax difference. So it is not really a Apple thing at all. Since you manage to survive using shared host, your proberly dont need a "best" host as most of the host ( VPS ) will be good enough for you. Check out Linode or Dediserve. May be Intel has paid them to publish these numbers? Otherwise I have no idea why they are stupid enough to post it on the net. I think the Design is good on first sight but doesn't carry over with time. It is the excitement in graphics but little in design philosophy. Compare to Android 4.0 and Apple. I have similar concern as well. Is there any way to use Cloudflare with other DNS like DNS Made Easy? Really? Well may be they are for the big boys, none of the commonly used CDN advertise it, All Hosting providers reselling Level 3, Akamai, EdgeCast, NetDNA or even Amazon Cloudfront dont show it either. I wonder why these aren't available to normal users. Opus, A lot better, it is a rather strange beast that it nearly manage to outperform in every category. With a bit more tuning work for a year or two it could properly be on the same level with AAC @ 256Kbps. And Holy Fxxk that is some awesome Hardcore Video and Audio hacker discussion. Great Stuff!!!! I could understand reasons for their support for VP8. But "superior quality" is definitely not a strength on VP8 side. Being in Patents Pools doesn't mean they dont need to pay licensing. It just means they are on both paying and receiving ends. Since there are thousands of patents on H.264, Apple are only recieiving a tiny amount compared to what they paid out. I wonder if anyone actually use the framework's built-in webserver for everything! Sounds Great and i wonder what happens in practice. Anyone know of any real world usage on this? On Pricing, I must be missing something because All EdgeCast, CDNetwork and Akamai Resellers are similarly priced. And unless you get to lots of traffics for the majority these Big CDN player wont even deal with us directly. Although with only 7 PoPs i could understand why you think it is overpriced. They tried with OpenGL 3, but then it took them years and the plan were scrapped. ( That is when Microsoft brings DirectX 9 to the table, which is well designed and much more usable then OpenGL ). They restarted development a few years ago to clean up the mess. The main reason why OpenGL did not get a restart were because of pressures from CAD and 3D Modelling Industry. True, I am hoping Ruby 2.0, and Rails 4.0 will improvement on those front. I completely agree. I can only imagine the whole thing turns into chaos. What about those with non Active Facebook account? Same Treatment? There is also SmartOS as well. Well i think he is referring to Smart DataCenter, which runs on Smart OS etc. This may be totally off topic. But Flickr? While the story may be true It seems to be another new marketing things under new management to generate more buzz. Well they are using tricks and newer technique to make better quality pictures while still within the official specs. So it is not exactly outside to the official specs at all. Well at least this time it will be much faster then H.264, Hardware decoder are already in the work with many things could be reused fro H.264 HP Decoding. So unless there are any major changes HEVC decoder will be coming much quicker. Some Video Decoder IP has already begin to list HEVC decode as a feature. They could have just refund ALL of those money as credits for JoyentCloud. Would this be a better solution? So you essentially got "x" years of hosting plus Those money back as credits. Well that is like a much better deal. Although it would have been much better if they have done this earlier. I was about to write that as well, Apple are using less Apple APSL themselves and moving to wards Apache 2.0 License, and using more BSD / MIT equivalent. Since the Table only includes GPL / LGPL and the not used APSL no wonder why the numbers are dropping. As a matter of fact it is catching up quite nicely. Haswell are looking at 2.5x of current HD4000 performance. And Broadwell will do another 2x of Haswell. These performance would have been nice if not for Retina display manages to use 4x the pixel on screen. Things are just never fast enough. My thoughts exactly, although most of the time Space should be cheap enough where the DC are located. But you would need at least 2 - 3x the size of DC to handle that. The Oil also needs money, and the extra cost to handle the construction, etc. And if google could already achieve 10- 20% figure then it is properly not worth while to do it within that 18% savings. I think the performance gap between ARMv8 and x86 Haswell are just far too great. Well because every site are made different, and uses different tech, with different bottleneck. But with SSD, RAM becoming a commodity, ( both prices has been dropping shapely ) I/O are much easier to deal with. And with every release of PostgreSQL / MySQL, Easier Database Replication and more common practice of scaling we are much much better at it then say 2 - 3 years ago. "Consumers may not be happy with the yearly paid update cycles," That is one of the complain i heard most about. "But the fierce competition between Parallels and Fusion has led the market to a mature and capable state and consumers of both products will likely be satisfied with their performance." I think there is so much truth in it. Without bunch of consumers playing every year, there will be no incentive to make gaming performance and other improvement. This is likely the first time in history Virtualisation has catered Gaming market. And their performance are now, more then enough for most of our usage. For a 16yrs old locally schooled HK student your English amazed me. Is not that DRAM is dead, it is simply Intel will be putting Memory Cube, or Stacked DRAM or TSV Memory what ever you wanted to call it in the CPU die itself. Stacked DRAM provides up to 1Tbit/s of bandwidth. More then the current Graphics Card has. As SSD gets faster every year, we need less memory to cache off the content where we used to need for performance reason from a HDD. With Windows 8 i have been using less then 4GB of Ram including standby, with Virtual Memory turned off. ( I have 16GB of Memory ). The future CPU die could easily stack 4 1Gbit DRAM with 8 layers of up to 4GB of Memory. Coupled with a SSD that goes up to 2GB/s transfer. Well we needed to define what bloated means. While we have always point to its size. Most of the time it is including too many things we dont need and want while the whole thing is slow and large in size. If the app with 10GB can open in less then a seconds then i dont think many would have complained. The problem is all these apps are getting slower, even with the Hardware performance improvement, and they take up valuable SSD space. iTunes is one hell of bloat. Because you simply dont use your Music Player to manage your iPhone! It simply does not make any sense. And telling casual users to install itunes is just making the problem even worst. The Sync Apps should be linked with your Media Player Library or Playlist. But it should not be the same app. As a matter of fact, get rid of Sync with iTunes and use iCloud instead. There are lots of bits and pieces in OSX that is showing its age. It wasn't much of a problem when Microsoft fail to make decent OS, and Google wasn't doing Android. Now Windows 8 has a shit UI but brilliant Internals, and Android is basically a Linux with cooperate backing. Apple seems to lack enough Software Engineers for an OS internal development. In my view only Route53 and DNSMadeEasy are worth looking at. Others are simply too expensive. Or in the case of CloudFlare it is very slow at times. DNSMadeEasy is one of the fastest DNS ( actually it is the fastest according to many test ) While being one of the cheapest option out there. They lack a few Advanced DNS features compared to others. But for Normal hosting most of the time you wont need to use it. Loads slow in Firefox. Sigh..... Thx, I hope this get pushed up to front page. And prove my comparative theory, Apple will know they happen to be good only because their competitors are bad. I think we need some rethinking into the whole mess of sync. It is not easier, even for some technically minded individuals. And may be someday Apple could charge $50 or more per iDevices and have iCloud Backup as standard. No more messing around with iTunes Sync. And my friends wont cry when her iPhone has been stolen and lost all the pucs she took over the years. This is equivalent of 360 for Russia? ( 360 is a browser in China derived from Chromium as well ) Using it for a few minutes, few things i really like. 1. Someone finally put the Refresh and Stop Button where it should be. Firefox actually had it during beta testing but they somehow decide to but it at the end of the Address bar instead. 2. The Graphics, Curve, Looks more like better then the comparatively toyish Chrome. 3. The Options have always belonged to the Tab Bar and not the address bar. To me i think that is the most logical place for it. 4. The New Tab drop page, I like it. But i am sure i have seen it somewhere else before. Opera? I cant remember. 5. Flash - Since Flash is only available in Chrome and not Chromium. I am not sure if Flash inside Yandex or any other Chromium derivative are using PPAPI or the old NPAPI. Anyone? 6. No, no tabs overflow...... So i am sticking with Firefox. Even the PDF is Foxit which means it is nearly the same as Chrome except for the UI. Arh. True i didn't notice it. But Once you click on the address bar it does show back its address. Not a bad thing i guess. Will need to use it more before i can draw conclusion. Wouldn't prefetching actually bumps up the page view? So say, every Android and iPhone Devices, and may be Windows Phone 8 will come with a default hidden VoIP inside, if it is collected using LTE it will use that instead, the data would then be discounted over in the Mobile Network. This to act as a temp solution until VoLTE comes. Like Jeremy Clarkson in Top Gear, How hard can it be? The article also fails to mention why VoLTE is hard and takes so long. It said many different network operator has many different implementations. And even if that is true there is only a handful of network provider these days that network operator uses, Errisson, Nokia-Simens, ZTE, Huawei, and i dont know who else. ( Samsung?? ) They had to test again 3 others. Again how hard could that be? Surely you would need energy to chilled the Air to Liquid? Exactly. I am guessing you would need at least 4 - 5 times the pageview/hr to handle a website with 375 Million PV/M load. Would the Final Name still be called Rust? Or is it a code name only? So with about the same CPU time, JRuby will use up to 100x memory in worst case? Anyway Ruby 2.0 is suppose to solve the Ruby is Slow problem. although i have yet to see any evidence that will the case. Sigh. Any performance and memory usage improvement benchmarks? I was hoping Ruby 2.0 will no longer be dog slow... It isn't even about identifying. Browett has to be one of the worst choice on the planet in terms of executive. I dont even know how he got into CEO of Dixon in the first place. Anyway all that is past, now that he is gone lets hope they either find someone great or simply promote what they already have. The problem is it took him too long to know this as a mistake. Exactly. I see nothing wrong or made up in that. All the presented information are facts. They are saying in a way, we lost, and here are the facts. In a case May be the the Judge should order the Prime Minister for an Public apology and if he does not like it, apologise until he likes? This is just stupid. And this isn't a Apple's is right or wrong issues with Samsung Copied or not either. Exactly. Exactly. Again i have difficulty understanding the notion behind it. You can rule, and fine, or what ever you want. But you cant force me to apologise or admit something that i do not believe in. Thanks, that is finally making some sense to me. I have been doing research on DNS for my project. And below are some of my findings / Opinions. I am not going to paid a large sums of money on DNS. And that rules out some of the options like Dyn. You want a 3rd Party DNS mainly because of HA and Speed. Route53 and OnApp hosting's DNS do really well, but they are slow in some areas. DNSMadeEasy was the best i could find, it doesn't have any PoPs in Asia areas, but other then that it is pretty much the fastest DNS services in US and EU. And it is surprisingly cheap as well for the low to Mid traffic. Expensive at the Higher End compared to Route53 but i guess it wouldn't matter much when you reach that sort of traffic. I would actually love to use CloudFlare, you get free DNS + analytics. For Personal site i think it is great. For anything business related i still have doubts. They have expanded quite lot of areas over the last 6 months. But last times i looked its speed aren't great compared to OnApp or Route53. Its downtime is also higher. Interesting, that is something i not think about much, any solution to that? Interesting that After all these years Compiler still haven't catch up with self written Assembly speed. Or is there some LLVM optimization not used yet? Comparatively how much memory was Node.js using? I am expecting some momentum too once Nginx and Redis Lua support both grow together. So Source 2 Vs Unreal 4 Vs CryEngine 4 And hopefully some MEGA Super Texture All artwork ID Engine 6. I still fail to understand why AWS is growing. It is slow and expensive. It may be useful, and a lot cheaper if you could plan the AWS with spot price, long term rental, and generally play the AWS game. May be someone should work on Ruby to Lua instead? Using Lua and LuaJIT as a underlying languages. Like Coffescript to Javascript. That would be a lot faster then working on Ruby VM. And since Ruby 2.0's VM is still as slow as hell compared to LuaJIT That is because the world hate GWAN, ( for some strange reason ) But i do hope GWAN takes off soon. Edit: Just a note that next official version of GWAN will be released in the next couple of weeks according to comments in Stackoverflow http://stackoverflow.com/questions/13286818/what-is-the-diff... I have been asking, and wondering why would anyone want to use AWS. It is insanely expensive. It is Slow on CPU, Slow on I/O, Low on Bandwidth, Low on memory, and Zero Support. Compared to many other alternatives that gives you 3 – 4 times the on all the above plus better support for the same price. Even their High CPU and Memory plan is still on the expensive side, only the High I/O SSD offers some value. AWS works great when you are in the mid range of expanding, then you can calculate your usage and book their server in advance using Reserved Instances. Instagram and Netflix as example. But that is hassle you have to put though, there are alternatives that are priced and perform just as well without using Reserved Instances. And once you got past the mid range, a managed dedicated server and some instant cloud severs should be much more cost effective. Apart from being forced by VC ( because they are heavily invested in Amazon ) i could not understand why startup are choosing AWS at all. I understand how Ruckus could be doing IPO. Since they actually solve the problem with too many WiFi connections going to single point. Problems we have seen in Hotels, and Apple Expo. etc How is Meraki different? Since Ruckus is a software + hardware solution. Arh. I should have written EC2. Sorry for the confusion. ( Will double check next time before i make a post ) I do realize there is other AWS services that are great and simple to use. But for hosting i dont think anyone should choose EC2. They are more like C+ with C++ minus a set of features. And there are those who write C style in C++ for various of reason. And everyone knew the huge amount of software in C++. Why the list? Yes but the info is very old. I wonder if Adobe is still using it and would provide some sort of update. No Lua IDE from them as they have half promised, or anything i have seen they contribute back to Lua. Was wondering if they were using LuaJIT as well. Yes, Rust is great, all the lessons learned what not to do with C++. I could only hope Rust is (still) just a codename..... Notable absent from that list is he fired Pat Gelsinger. Please just bring him back as CEO. Well no one on the ARM market other then AMD has the expertise in Server CPU. Nvidia may be able to do a very High Performance ARM CPU for HPC but it is completely different matter on Server. There will also be NAS, Small Server, etc and whole not of other market where a big name ARM player could help. Although most of that wont happen till 2015. I am not sure if there is enough time for AMD. And given the recent sales figures that 70-80% of CPU sales are coming from APU, the APU is rasiing, CPU is a shrinking business, it makes sense for AMD to consolidate and make that 80% better and slightly more profitable rather then trying to complete with an aggressive Intel.