Did anyone record the stream? I couldn't see it live. Did you find any links? Agreed. On the other hand, popularity of Chrome helps Mozilla not to relax and to push forward. I like Firefox for extreme customizability. Nothing matches that and Chrome is nowhere close to it. If you are interested in assisting an open source mobile project, why not to give a hand to Mer and Nemo Mobile? http://merproject.org/ http://wiki.merproject.org/wiki/Nemo It's good to be distanced from this kind of crowd ;) Microsoft using Ogg Theora? That's a breakthrough. In some ways it's better, in many others it's still the same (bad wise). They were rather chilled off about WebM, so I wouldn't expect them to be interested in Ogg Theora either. Here is one for Star Trek fans: play -c2 -n synth whitenoise band -n 100 24 band -n 300 100 gain +20 Anonymizer is your friend. Well, let's give him credit. That staffer was at least honest. These congressmen aren't stupid, they well know that they support censorship and that's what all these PIPA and SOPA are about - censorship. And the fact that they don't openly speak about it doesn't change the essence. But they are scared of publicity still. So thank you for publishing this encounter. It really needs a broader coverage. Yes, America can rightly be called corporate ruled for the most part. So he doesn't really care about average public. He cares about corporations and their money. Sure it's dangerous. For MPAA's intents to have low publicity for that bill that is. Posted workaround doesn't really work. The problem is not only DRM, but lock in into Apple. Using iTunes is not acceptable, it's not interoperable. All this are just dirty tactics from Apple to lock users into their iTunes infrastructure. One wouldn't be able to use those textbooks anywhere outside iTunes, therefore it's defective by design and authors shouldn't fall for it. What if someone doesn't want to use iPad? You can't make one tablet type mandatory to read a textbook. That's ridiculous. The problem is two fold here. Apple pushes lock in on authors and schools, which causes students lock in. It's a vicious cycle. Therefore I don't really get what is so exciting about it. Do you think someone here really considers vendor lock in a positive thing? Accessing physical textbook can't be mandatory, since you can get it in a number of ways (buy it, go to the library, borrow from your friend etc.). DRM locked in ebook is much worse. You are forced to get iTunes/Apple device to access it. You don't get it. Your choice is limited. With physical text book - you can get any of those choices, including buying the book. With DRM + vendor locked ebook you can't buy and use it if your device doesn't fit into the vendor's plan. We aren't in the stone age of computing anymore. Interoperability and open standards are intended to avoid exactly this problem. There is a key difference. Those limitations of the physical books which you mentioned are inherent in the book itself. I.e. there is no way to implement a downloadable physical book and etc. Limitations of the DRM / vendor locked in ebook aren't inherent, they are imposed by interest of the vendor (Apples interest in the market share for their devices in this case). I.e. there IS a way to implement ebooks in another fashion, which won't limit interoperability and will promote more choice. But Apple is knowingly pushing worse approach, that's why it should be criticized. Doesn't seem indifferent to me. Looks more like cognitive dissonance, when people just pretend that something they don't like to accept doesn't exist. And when you point out the exact problem they only get more upset. No, changing that option doesn't really affect anything. Depends on what you understand by "aggressive". Energetic, active, pushing for opportunities and so on? Or being cruel, damaging to others and not caring about side effects for the sake of the goal? No, opposite of passive is active. What does it have to do with aggressive? They can apply various methods, such as polygraph to determine whether she really forgot the key, and it won't be so easy for her to avoid revealing the real fact. Isn't it natural to ask, if something is wrong with technology which needs to be broken to make it work? More important is a battle of open vs closed, DRM and control encumbered vs free. Both MS and Apple are on the dark side of this, so watching the Apple win isn't something that society will benefit from. Yes, I find it strange, that when it comes to Apple, some people who are reasonable otherwise simply stop thinking rationally, and don't hear any real arguments. So it really can be a waste of time trying to reason with such kind of people. Those who promote open standards, free software and don't disseminate DRM. Probably you can add to the list those who are against software patents too. Unsurprisingly Apple gets a minus on every of those points. Yep, it's ironic how things changed. The big brother in that clip is exactly Apple today. Someone even made a parody: http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=tdVzboF2E2Q Agreed. For example ban on competing browsers embedded in the iOS SDK is simply a monopoly protection, and has nothing to do with customers' interests. I wonder who downvoted this one. Any reasoning please? Or it's just an effort to downvote any critique addressed towards Apple? By this logic any browser should be banned from the system, including their own, since their sandboxes have vulnerabilities as well. So I'm not buying this argument. Using security arguments to hide anti competitive intentions just doesn't cut it. The last time I checked their SDK license, it let you use their JavaScript VM for the dynamic code (unless this changed recently): ===> 3.3.2 An Application may not itself install or launch other executable code by any means, including without limitation through the use of a plug-in architecture, calling other frameworks, other APIs or otherwise. No interpreted code may be downloaded and used in an Application except for code that is interpreted and run by Apple's Published APIs and builtin interpreter(s). So the argument that they ban any interpreted code is hypocritical. They ban competing browsers through banning JavaScript VMs. Great, so they just know that there are more vulnerabilities in their own optimized engine, still they use it in their own browser. At the same time they ban anything else on the system, claiming that it promotes security. Doesn't sound convincing to me at all. Meaning, that if I, as user will find a more secure browser - I won't be able to use it, since it's banned on pretense that it'll compromise security (hypothetically, not that I use iOS as a user anyway). If I guess correctly, the question above was intending to ask which companies fall under that category. So there are a bunch who promote all or some of those values (my favorite being Mozilla for example). In general open source related companies promote open standards and stand up against software patents and DRM. (On a side note, Apple didn't say anything on the latest development around SOPA/PIPA, simply because Apple is strongly pro DRM and they would probably support these kind of laws willingly). DRM doesn't only apply to the media content, but to software and operating systems as well. While SOPA is mostly associated with media, DRM in essence is a broader issue. I look at simple facts. Firstly, Firefox or any other browser which uses its own JavaScript engine can't be ported to iOS due to license ban. You don't consider it uncompetitive behavior given that browsers are a very competitive field in general? Well, I do. Secondly, Apple of course can argue that it's not a monopolistic thing in the global sense, since there are non Apple OSes around which don't enforce draconian restrictions. And it most probably can even work in court, to dodge possible antitrust inquires. Yet, it wasn't all that so good for Apple, and they removed some restrictions from their SDK to avoid some of these problems (it's slightly better now). I'm sure their lawyers are trying to find the edge there. If you don't like the term "monopolistic practice" because of those nuances, you can call it anticompetitive practice, fine with me. "Clearly" claim isn't convincing here. Apple says those bans are in consumers interest. Others say they are really in Apple's interest. You can probably find arguments for both. I personally see it as a second case, because it's against me as a consumer who wants to use other browsers for example. It's based om Mer Core: http://merproject.org It's running on the Mer Core http://merproject.org and I wonder why developers aren't given credit for in in the article. Mer can run on Wayland as well, as soon as there will be drivers for the given GPU. I'm somewhat curious what does all this have to do with the word "hacker" which denotes kind of approach to life really, in a way of "hacking" it. This seems to be a common tactic of the shady backers of the global censorship. They gain support for their dark laws by obscuring real intentions and fooling politicians into blindly supporting them. True, there are those who understand the real picture, and support nevertheless. But there are also those who are simply not responsible enough to understand clearly what they support. And they are exploited by the real culprits who fight against freedom. That's why they are so scared of publicity and push hard to pass this laws in secret. They know that public review will quickly reveal their evil intentions. DRM shouldn't be promoted, period. No luck. Just don't use iOS. Firefox moved to native UI on Android, which made it faster. The minus is obviously need for add-on developers to work with native UI too. That's not very precise. Legally, Apple doesn't allow to use iOS SDK , i.e. to build such applications. If you manage somehow to build it any other way (not using Apple's SDK), this restriction has no meaning, and while Apple could reject such kind of software from their app store, you could deploy it to alternatives, like Cydia, and still be legal, since you didn't violate any licenses. I.e. for browsers makers the concern is not that they'll be rejected from the app store, but that they can't even legally build them with the Apple's SDK. And that's bad, since it promotes bad coding practices. Also, WebKit is far from being uniform, and differs from one flavor to another. The rule above is not from the App Store guidelines, but from the SDK license. I.e. even if you use alternative app store without restrictions (Cydia), but build a browser with Apple iOS SDK - it's still illegal, and that's why major browsers like Firefox wouldn't do it. Any factual statistics for that? I'd say it's a very ugly practice, to use development tools license to ban competition. It's like saying buying this chisel you are bound to only carve logos of the chisel making company. It's still not nobody. And having Firefox playing a significant role will prevent situation which existed in the past where many sites were "IE only". We don't need "WebKit only" sites. There are enough WebKit browsers specific things which are not standard to make "WebKit only" situation a problem. In general, well balanced browsers representation makes web developers think better and be more responsible. Nice work. Awesome!-) The only unfortunate thing is the sole focus on the native Android UI now, due to limited resources. Conventional mobile Linux which has to use XUL based mobile UI is treated as barely supported because of that. Did Chrome ever use anything like pdf.js? In KDE at least, KParts Firefox plugin does a very good job for PDF viewing, using Okular. Desktop UI toolkits improve and there are lot's of innovative ideas there. Qt is a major example. Because they have no idea about C++11? Usually those who treat it this way obviously don't know C++. > starts asking about how sizeof works on pointers > to member functions or when "inline virtual" does > and does not inline something. You really had such kind of interview encounters? It's just weird. It's just better to void pointer declarations like: int* a, b, c; Just use: int* a; int* b; int* c; The type is really int* but C legacy treats b and c as int in int* a, b, c; Definitely a sign that Yahoo stopped getting profit from doing anything useful, since they fell so low as to use software patents litigations for their income. Apple and Microsoft are notorious software patent aggressors who consider patent protection racket an acceptable "business practice". Google on the other hand tries to avoid anything of that sort, and uses patents only for defense against patent aggressors. At least Google used to up until latest Motorola acquisition which mixed their policy up. Didn't really look into what Samsung is doing in detail, but they usually just fight back (for example to Apple) as defense, and don't act as aggressors. Yahoo didn't engage in software patent aggression before. So whatever the case, acting as a software patent aggressor shows deterioration of company ethics and usually signals that they can't compete on merit. To fix this problem, software patents need to be abolished as a practice damaging for society and innovation. While they exists, they'll be abused by trolls. That's true. In some cases this happens, for example members of OIN have legal obligations not to use patents against each other at least. But I'm not sure there is any company that took a solid legal obligation not to be a patent aggressor in general. Not really. Those who act unethically bear the responsibility, and saying that since system is broken it's OK to abuse it just doesn't cut it. With that said, of course the system needs to be blamed (and changed) as well. No, no one forces them to play it. The fact that they play it is a good reason to disrespect them already. Seriously, isn't it obvious? Look at the purpose of the patent law. It's supposed to promote innovation for the benefit of the society, or how it formally sounds: "to promote the Progress of Science and useful Arts, by securing for limited Times to Authors and Inventors the exclusive Right to their respective Writings and Discoveries". Software patents do exactly the opposite. They not only don't promote any innovation or progress, they stifle it. Something of that sort. You can also structure it as: - Knowledge and progress are beneficial for the society. - Inventions and discoveries promote knowledge and progress. - Patents are supposed to encourage inventors to publish their work thus helping the promotion of the above. - If applied badly, patents can be misused to serve totally different goals (like monopolizing the technology or knowledge), hurting the society in result. So the system needs to avoid that. Software patents are the perfect example of the case where the original goal is reversed. I.e. by the nature of the software, patents only hinder innovation. So they should not be applied to software at all. And that's why I called it unethical, rather than illegal. Patent aggressors might appeal that their actions are legal (within the current broken system), but since they have negative impact on the society and serve totally the opposite goal, they are unethical. He does. Learn more about his biography and his interest in mysticism and philosophy: http://www.amazon.com/G%C3%B6del-Logic-John-L-Casti/dp/07382... Diaspora* (decentralized social network) is intended to be a free service, not using users' identity as a merchandise. So while in general "free" services aren't really free, there are free ones as well. > you need the opposite temperament: a hunger for money. Wrong. It's easily leads one to make money a self goal, which a grave pitfall. Since it's not mentioned - assume nothing is encrypted and avoid using it unless you encrypt data on your own accord. On the contrary, I see a constant influx of new users joining, and lot's of active very interesting topics. Diaspora can be an interesting place, or look like a stagnated wasteland depending on how you use it, and your skill in applying hashtags. That depends on your contacts. I use just Diaspora, and not Facebook or Google+. If you don't know how to pronounce something - you can fetch a dictionary and look it up: http://www.howjsay.com Do you trust G+ enough for that? It doesn't encrypt your data. It shouldn't be a business. It should be a sustainable project. The moment you make it a business, it looses its core value - "by users, for users". That said, the project needs to sustain development and growth of course. The difference is in the goal. Business' goal is to make money, and it's driven by for profit reasons. Such kind of project's goal should be to make a good (user oriented, privacy protecting and so on) social network, and it should be driven by that reason. > If I were Microsoft, I would hold my ground. You mean to justify such kind of crooked behavior? On grounds that Apple bans any non Apple interpreter (which downloads code from the net) to be compiled with iOS SDK. I.e. any JavaScript engine including. It's a pure form of anticompetitive censorship. Most people don't get the idea that Diaspora has lot's of available servers, and some of them can be filled up (thus you'll have to wait if you want to join those). But no one stops you from joining others which have spare capacity. That's the point of Diaspora - it's decentralized. See: https://github.com/diaspora/diaspora/wiki/Community-supporte... They use Ogg Theora. Pleasantly - no Flash. It's like giving up on something that's released for pre alpha testing :) The point is not to "give up" on it, but to test and to file bugs. Security is much better now. What's wrong with Ruby? It's a great language. > You must log in to see this page. Fail. I'd say disallowing them is may be too harsh, but posting them is simply impolite and users should avoid doing that. I'm not a FB user and these kind of links just waste my time. Those who want to monetize on the social networks *(the way FB does it) are in the wrong. Growing privacy disrespect will backfire on them soon enough. When did you last test it? Firefox performance surpasses Chrome in memory management and optimizations IMO. Give a try to both and compare. Since you were resolute enough to make a switch out of performance concerns, you can as well switch again ;) Personally I never found Firefox to be performing bad enough to switch, even though Chrome could be better some time ago. I'd phrase it differently. It'll collapse because it blatantly disrespects users' privacy. Apple claims that pushing a DRMed single vendor solution (basically intending the industry lock-in) is not anti-competitive? Whom are they trying to fool? > To fight the money game you need extremely deep pockets. Not really. You just need different kind of priorities. For example Diaspora challenges Facebook on the grounds where FB is the weakest - privacy. Facebook can't compete on privacy no matter how hard they try (and they simply won't even try since the whole FB is built on selling off privacy). The whole approach of Facebook at its core is a disdain for the users, because Facebook profits from users' profiles. They can argue that users are willing to trade off their privacy for the "free" service, but it's just a sneaky way to get users information to monetize on. Given that, why do you think they should have more respect in other kind of interactions? Yes, we agree. Really Facebook is not fitting to be a social network, but at the same time it has such a huge number of users at the moment. Hopefully real social networks like Diaspora which are built for social interactions and not for ripping users off on their privacy, will eventually gain more traction. Commented there. Probably.