That is actually a really nice metaphor they came up with. The seal and imprint are pretty useful for explaining signed email. I already explain encrypted email to colleagues with the key and lock metaphor: I give you a box full of open padlocks to which only I hold the key, and you do the same for me. Anyone can have the padlocks as long as you keep the key secure. Seems to work. Definitely! With PGP/Mime email clients that don't understand OpenPGP simply show a small attachment. Without PGP/Mime (the old way) you get funky delimiters in your mail body that look scary to non-technical users. I started with the old way (because it appears to be more compatible with legacy email clients) until a colleague worriedly asked me about the weirdness in my mails, so I switched to PGP/Mime. As far as I can tell only really old Outlook versions can't handle PGP/Mime, and you can use plain text mails as well as HTML. In any halfway decent build your tests will run whenever you build the project, to prevent tests from ever getting outdated. If any test fails, it is because you broke it just now, so you go in and see if your test is broken, or, as is often the case, your refactored code is breaking the expected behaviour of the tested code. > Tests affecting the structure […] is […] a strong code smell On the other hand, code being hard or impossible to test is often thought of as a code smell as well. Code that is easy to test is easier to understand — not in the least because there are tests demonstrating its use. Techniques such as dependency injection help a lot here. Not just to someone else. Nothing is more pleasant than going in to refactor code you wrote years ago, and find that you wrote comprehensive unit tests. Thank you past-me! Yeah, this makes Signal a total non-starter for me. It is doing the same thing WhatsApp does: you need a smartphone to use it. Even the desktop version requires a smartphone to create an account. If privacy is so important for Signal, why forbid using it without a phone number? It makes no sense. > When Times New Roman appears in a book, doc­u­ment, or adver­tise­ment, it con­notes apa­thy. It says, “I sub­mit­ted to the font of least resis­tance.” Times New Roman is not a font choice so much as the absence of a font choice, like the black­ness of deep space is not a color. To look at Times New Roman is to gaze into the void. Nicely worded. Even if you don't want to bother with typography at all, Times New Roman is rarely a good default. It was designed for typesetting tall and narrow newspaper columns, not A4 or Letter width letters and memos. I guess a lot of people are or were used to: tar -xzf file.tar.gz To be honest, I only started doing -xf a year ago. I was used to -xjf and -xzf. We were looking at a company communication channel to replace Yammer and Google Chat a while back, and briefly played with Slack. In the end trading in one cloud service for another seemed unwise. Because we already used self-hosted GitLab when they announced the inclusion of MatterMost (FOSS self-hosted alternative to Slack) we simply activated that and have been quite satisfied with it. Another self-hosted alternative you might like is MatterMost, which is quite similar to Slack in look-and-feel, but free software and self-hosted. After getting fed up with the cost of razor cartridges I went and got a double edged razor holder and 100 Derby safety razors, and never looked back. This seems to be one of those curious cases where (at least in Europe and North America!) almost everyone either owns an electric shaver or buys expensive multi-blade cartridges, and has done so for decades. But over time the value added by those cartridges — safety from children's fingers? Certainly not a closer shave — was nullified and actually made negative by their cost. Meanwhile I shave for €5 a year with safety razors. Is the marketing of cartridges such a strong agent here that the seemingly superior solution is largely ignored? Or am I not seeing the appeal of a Gillette nine-blade turbo-smooth aloë-vera-coated hyper-cartridge? I sometimes wonder if this phenomenon is limited to the West, and that the rest of the world happily shaves with cheap safety blades or straight edge razors. Good set of recommendations. Client-side certificates are great for securing web applications in a corporate setting, but the client-side is indeed a bit rough in the UI — although once set-up, it is no hassle at all. A major benefit of client-side certificates, is that you can increase the security of all internet-facing web applications you have by routing all external traffic through a gateway proxy, and performing the certificate check there. We use Nginx for that, and host applications such as GitLab, MatterMost, OwnCloud, and DokuWiki that way (performing authentication with LDAP so users can log in with the same credentials on all services). I'm not sure I agree with his suggestion of having the ability to automatically synchronize client-side certificates between devices. I would rather have that be a conscious (security) choice rather than an automatic feature. I agree as far as unsupported consumers are concerned, but it is perfectly usable in a corporate setting. As commenter mikegioia already noted; it takes only five minutes to help install the certificate on a user's computer. After that it just works. GWT may have been an impressive solution for a problem that existed when supporting legacy browsers such as Internet Explorer 6 was still an issue, but its time has passed. The general idea was that you get the mature tooling and strong typing of Java, and abstract away all the browser nastiness. Best of both worlds right? The problem with GWT is that you are only using the Java language, and so you are missing all the libraries that make Java such a rich ecosystem when run in the JVM. The abstraction layer it forms keeps your developers locked in a world that is neither Java, nor modern HTML5/ECMAScript. So instead of learning to use new browser features, your team is stuck fighting GWT's idiosyncrasies and waiting for it to finish compiling. If you are considering frameworks for a new web application, go for Ember or Angular. GWT is obsolete and will hold you back. No particular reason beyond my inexperience with React and the impression that Ember and Angular are more mature at this point. I was wondering about that mess just the other day admiring the weirdness of our borders there. I guess one reason why those enclaves and miniature counter-enclaves exist there, is because it makes for a nice tourist attraction; the local community won't give that up without a fight. This seems to concern a small unpopulated peninsula with no buildings at all, so no problem in this case. I tried to open the (Dutch) DOCX that contains the official position paper of our government, but LibreOffice refuses to open it: File format error found at SAXParseException: '[word/document.xml line 2]: unknown error', Stream 'word/document.xml', Line 2, Column 30060(row,col). http://www.tweedekamer.nl/kamerstukken/brieven_regering/deta... Great. Usually OOXML Word files at least open in LibreOffice, but this one seems to have some unsolvable weirdness. I don't get why they don't offer a PDF download — it, at least, is an open format that can be reliably opened on any OS. Or offer a plain text version, or simply post the paper on their website in HTML. Interesting. This is LibreOffice 5.0.2.2. I guess it is a bug in LibreOffice 5.0.2.2. This is the default version included with Ubuntu 15.10. Much appreciated. :) The money going to OpenSSL might be related to the issue the Dutch government ran into in 2011 with the Diginotar (a certificate authority) hack; the TLS certificates for Dutch government websites were compromised at that time. While this hack was not related to weaknesses in OpenSSL (as far as I know), this did put the spotlight on the vulnerability and dependence on of the certificate chain. Supporting the software that provides this crucial layer of security makes a lot of sense for a government that has been bitten once. Done. The helpdesk representative actually mailed me the PDF version, and said that a PDF version should be forthcoming: Bijna alle kamerstukken zijn als pdf terug te vinden. Zo te zien worden de recente eerst als doc gepubliceerd. Apparently new documents can be posted as DOCX only (strange). You are right to point out the open standard guidelines, but unfortunately, they are marked as comply or explain . This means that they are not mandatory if you have a valid reason not to be able to comply with them. In this case, the reason is probably "our civil servants are used to Microsoft's defaults", which is — as much as I disagree with this policy — probably enough to get away it. It looks off somehow, but that may be because of the lack of @font-face. I have no Helvetica on my computer, so some fall-back font is chosen instead. If you have public-facing SSH daemons running, adding 2FA seems sensible. Google Authenticator essentially turns another computing device (the smartphone) into an ersatz hardware token. While this does increase security, I don't like the trend of turning the smartphone into a universal second factor. Alternatively, you could go for a dedicated hardware token such as Yubico's FIDO U2F [1] keys [2]. Hardware tokens that use the fledgling FIDO U2F standard can also be used with PAM and SSH as well [3]. Two U2F keys (one backup) will cost around $40, and can be used with a growing number of webservices, including GitHub, DropBox, and GMail as well. The small form factor means you can put the key on your (physical, real world) keychain. 1: https://fidoalliance.org/specifications/overview/ 2: https://www.yubico.com/products/yubikey-hardware/fido-u2f-se... 3: https://developers.yubico.com/pam-u2f/ > for example, PIA is probably a massive honeypot for all we know. Why the 'probably'? Of course, no VPN-provider should be trusted at face value, but do you know of any sources that claim that Private Internet Access is in fact an elaborate honeypot? This is not an attack on someone's use of language; merely a polite request to clarify a piece of ambiguous phrasing. If there are indeed sources that claim that PIA is acting as a honeypot, then that would be very interesting to know. I don't own a smartphone, for one, but I could purchase one if it would benefit me. As it is though, I cannot justify the cost and the increased monthly expenses. But for the sake of argument; if I did own a smartphone, I wouldn't want to turn it into a sort of virtual keychain. I can buy three U2F keys for under €60, and have spares. Smartphones are a single point of failure — unless you are in the habit of collecting spare smartphones. There is also the matter of control. At the moment there are only a handful of smartphones that run an OS that is not under the control of Apple, Microsoft, or Google (Ubuntu smartphones come to mind as an alternative). On the other hand, on a normal computer I can run a full free software stack. To me this seems odd. If I own a piece of hardware, I want to run an OS and applications I can legally modify and tinker with, especially if I use it as a security device. By using tools such as Google Authenticator I get sucked into this walled garden. The behaviour of hardware tokens such as Yubico's U2F keys on the other hand is completely verifiable — mostly because they are quite simple compared to a smartphone. (Aside from these personal views on software, I do have high security requirements as well for some services, where a dedicated hardware token is preferable, as you point out.) There is a crucial difference here. With FIDO U2F I am not limited to Yubico's offerings; there are other vendors. FIDO U2F devices can be manufactured by any company (and are). I agree that the ideal situation would be a device that is completely under the control of the user, but compared to IOS or Android, a hardware token that only does what it is supposed to do (in the case of the U2F tokens; register and sign authentication requests), and cannot be modified by the manufacturer after sale is very much preferable. The BBC seems to be managing to do just that quite well. Their IPlayer is quite hard to access from outside of Great Britain. If Netflix will actually do this, then it will be impossible to use Netflix with the majority of commercial VPN providers. (Netflix will lose me as a customer as well.) Kindle; so e-books right? That's digital content, and that suffers from the same problem (and silly restrictions) Netflix is having. Real — sorry — physical books might work. I you do a job for me, and I don't pay you, then most people will agree that I really ought to pay you, and that you were wronged and that I am morally and legally obliged to mend my ways. You could convincingly explain that situation to a five-year old. Now consider the perspective of someone who has the disposable income to pay for digital content, and is willing to support content producers, but gets told that his $10 is not as good as the $10 from someone from another country with a similar standard of living. This is acceptable with physical goods, where transport and stock have to be taken into account, but with digital content and today's Internet speeds it is hard to garner any sympathy. So we are left with a choice: don't watch that show, or download it illegally and watch it. It is quite hard to convince people that by downloading the show illegally, you are now depriving a content owner in some foreign country of income by not being able to sell the local rights to that content for as good a price to a local distributor; if one can be found at all, who might sell that content to you in your country, or not, or only for a much higher price on DVD or BluRay, depending on their whim and abstract factors such as the local digital content market and the actions of competitors, and… Good luck convincing these new pirates of their moral wrong. Firefox on Linux works with Netflix now? I though only Chrome worked on Linux due to the DRM Netflix uses. I watch Netflix exclusively through their website — either on TV with my HTPC (Kodi with Chrome fullscreen) or on my computer. I don't own any devices that can run their Android or IOS apps. It seems strange to consider a currency as a viable alternative for other currencies, when a sizeable chunk of the total available sum of it is owned by a single person or group simply because they came up with the system, and another large part is in the hands of speculators. There is nothing fair about a currency that is so volatile in value by design and is essentially speculative in nature. It is sad to see that this side of Bitcoin is not stressed more often. I am glad that Google is not focusing exclusively on using biometric factors to implement two or more factor authentication solutions these days, because there are quite a lot of valid arguments against widespread use of it. Biometric properties are limited in number (couple of irises, bunch of fingers), cannot be replaced (at least not with a replacement that can serve as a biometric source of identification), cannot be shared (voluntarily), and are considered by many as an unreasonably invasive manner of identifying yourself. Needless to say that the notion of a microphone analysing my every move and utterance sounds like something from a dystopian sci-fi novel. Instead of using biometric properties as a second factor, I find user-friendly and reusable hardware tokens to be very much preferable. Fortunately Google is also a backer of FIDO U2F, which outlines a standard for hardware tokens the size of a thumb — but unlike your actual meaty appendages, it is replaceable and not quite as bloody to lend to someone in case he or she has a valid reason to access your accounts for you. These work with USB, NFC, and Bluetooth LTE, on any OS, with (soon) any modern browser (currently only Chrome supports it, but Mozilla is committed to implement this technique in Firefox as well), and can be used for an infinite number of services; without the token being identifiable across services. Succeed in making having one of these tokens on your (physical!) key-chain as common as having the key your front door there, and use the economy of scale to make these tokens as cheap as a happy meal; that would be an acceptable way to beef up security for Joe Sixpack and privacy conscious netizens alike, but leave my body alone. The tokens you pass out even expire automatically. How useful. Probably because hardly anyone owns one. They are luxury items. Good point. I wonder if it is sensible to limit the number of refreshes permitted (by placing a counter in the JWT that gets decreased on every refresh). That way you could have the JWT be valid for, say, 30 minutes, and allow up to seven refreshes; after four hours you would have to re-authenticate. As for invalidating tokens; if tokens expire after a sensible interval (as they should), than you would only have to maintain a short list of recently issued and invalidated tokens. Older tokens can be removed from that list, because they cannot be used in any case after expiring. You could use a cache with a TTL set to a bit over the configured expiration interval. When the author of a website does this, there are a few tricks you can use in modern browsers to help. In Firefox shift+ctrl+m launches a developer tool that allows you to resize the viewport (for testing responsive designs) without having to resize your browser. Also available in Firefox (and even nicer) is the Reader View, which works on this blog post. Its icon should be visible on the right hand side of the address bar. Then a major factor in this vulnerability is that the API does not exclusively use TLS to secure all communication. You might want to clarify that in the blog post. When you use JWT with the option to refresh the tokens, you usually set an expiry date on the token (if not, there is no point in refreshing at all). So in order to stay authenticated, the client application has to refresh the token a short while before it actually expires and use the new one (which has an updated expiry date) or simply get signed off. The previous token expires automatically — a well-designed back-end checks against the expiry date and any other claims that should be verified, as well as the signature. So you can force clients to accept the new token with a counter that gets decremented at each refresh until you have to re-authenticate. There is no need for a separate long-term refresh token. Most vendors on AliExpress only sell such low-cost items in lots, so you could, for example, only buy these buttons by the dozen. Although that still means you end up with a margin that is ridiculously instead of ludicrously small. That sounds more like an exception than the rule. Everything I order from AliExpress of DHGate ends up at my door. We do have a very dedicated PostNL delivery guy here though. It probably won't help very much to simply name the other big names (you surely know about Heinlein and Clarke), but I was surprised to find Theodore Sturgeon's stories to be quite intriguing, even though he seems not as well-known as aforementioned contemporaries. Try some of his short stories to get a feel for his oeuvre. Could you elaborate on that? With OpenJDK at least the software side of things is pretty much stable and open (in a FOSS sense), so I take you are referring to possible legal ramifications of Oracle's actions? The requirement of a phone number is strange and disconcerting from a privacy standpoint. It is a red flag for me. A well-designed encrypted chat-protocol should work on any modern networked computing device, not just smartphones or computing devices linked to a smartphone. It's great that there is such a strong interest in secure communication, but all of the solutions that keep getting placed in the limelight in recent years are either centralised or exclusively available for use with a smartphone (because of the phone number requirement), often both! I'm sure that these solutions are a lot more secure than completely unprotected alternatives, but am I wrong in assuming that if you want secure and private communications, the following principles must be met at the least? * The protocol used must be open, standardized and implementable by others * Widely endorsed by cryptography experts * An implementation must be available and developed as free and open source software * End-to-end encryption is used for the contents of the conversations, private keys do not leave the user's computing device * The protocol must not have any technological barriers that prevent an implementation from working on any modern operating system (i.e., a phone number is not required) * The protocol must allow for a complete communications network (clients and servers) to be implemented without the need for centralised third-party services (The last point probably implies federation.) For e-mail, OpenPGP meets these requirements. For chat, XMPP has Off-The-Record messaging. Some of the above points are hostile towards any party that creates secure communications tools with the intent of growing a large user base for economic purposes. Call me a sceptic, but this is probably why use of these protocols and principals is limited to security experts and software developers who understand these principles — for anyone betting on creating the next WhatsApp in one of the mobile walled gardens embracing the whole list means risking losing your potential advertising eyeballs to alternatives. Of course, there is also the matter of infrastructure. A lot of people expect to be able to use these tools for free, but that implies that someone is paying for the hosting of (relay) servers. > impossible Difficult perhaps, certainly not impossible, and quite feasible if someone helps you. But I am not suggesting OpenPGP as an alternative for chat-apps for everyone; only for those who understand how to use the technology properly. I mention OpenPGP and XMPP OTR because they are examples of open standards that do fulfil the principles outlined above. That is, to illustrate that it is certainly not impossible or infeasible to create such a technology. What is missing is a technology that does that, and allows anyone (regardless of technological prowess) to use them safely. It is a tough problem though. I'm probably dropping my Netflix subscription when the VPN-route fails (seems to work for me now oddly enough). It is silly to expect customers outside of the US to pay a slightly higher subscription fee for a significantly smaller catalogue. The Netherlands hasn't got it as as bad as Poland, but still our catalogue is only half that of the US. I am willing to pay, and I understand that regional licensing is a complex topic, but I am often interested in the older films and series. It is great that Netflix is rolling out their own shows world-wide, but without the VPN-route it feels like I am subsidising a catalogue I cannot access myself. UNOGS probably uses a list of all countries in the world and maps that to the Netflix catalogue. I doubt the Pontifex's Netflix catalogue differs from that of Italy. Nice. Depressing as well if you look at the catalogue sizes. If the FIDO U2F standard takes off, we may just see this happen. U2F keys do not include the functionality to hold OpenPGP keys, but they could help in having people understand the notion of a keychain for security. I would have expected to see at least some of their source code on Github ( https://github.com/Crypho ), especially the client-side where the private key and passphrase are handled (as described at https://www.crypho.com/security.html ). Without being able to inspect the source, why should anyone trust this company more than, say, Google or Facebook? Ricochet looks interesting ( https://ricochet.im/ ), but can it scale with TOR as the means of transport? As much as I like the notion of anonymous communication, I wonder if the TOR network can grow beyond its current state in order to be used reliably for this type of service. From what I understand, TOR needs lots of independent exit nodes to offer dependable anonymity and have enough bandwidth, but running an exit node seems to open you up to serious legal consequences because of content passing through it that may be illegal in your jurisdiction. Doesn't that rule out normal consumers running an exit node at home? Wow, who would have thought it? Privacy Badger can answer some of those questions: https://www.eff.org/privacybadger I would expect governments to pay once for the right to use such a font in perpetuity for its intended purpose. I don't begrudge typographers their remuneration, but from a public standpoint it makes no sense to have to license a typeface separately for every government computer that needs to use it to design road signs. > Why the downvotes?! Probably because of the needless profanity and lack of an explanation for your statement (my best guess, I did not downvote you). > bells and whistles These kind of features are completely unnecessary for developers, but are useful for the less tech-savvy team members. The markup is not hidden, so it provides a way to learn some basic MarkDown (good!). That in turn improves communication, which improves your product. Beware of the fallacy of believing that because someone finds the time to polish their product or add seemingly simple features, they don't invest resources in more complex features or research and development. These are not mutually exclusive goals, even though resources are by definition limited. I would say that it is a valid question, because the answer sheds some light on the architecture and goals (or business model) of a project. It also reflects a (healthy) renewed interest in reducing our dependency on cloud services; because of privacy concerns or legal implications for example. It is also not immediately apparent from Ring's website and wiki. The developers of Ring are quite helpful in replying here on HN though. If you leave out the secure, distributed, decentralised, free software, and privacy conscious aspects Ring is touting, you get Skype. Why do you want a Skype killer if not for those features? Considering the amount of variables that contribute to the browser fingerprint, you would be forced to conclude that the only way to prevent being so unique is to run a browser in a vanilla VM (although the OS is already a variable in itself). I think this is a topic that gets discussed by (for example) the Firefox developers, but I get the feeling that this is one of the hardest problems to fix. I would like to see a browser mode akin to the privacy mode most browsers feature that reduces the number of identifying variables (at the cost of features). So instead of telling the world that my time zone is CET and I prefer English (GB) as language, it would select a random time zone and locale (although this does inconveniently mean that sites might suddenly serve me content in Portuguese). Come to think of it, TOR Browser probably does a couple of these things. Disabling Javascript is surely the biggest factor, although that does make the modern web pretty much unusable. On the other hand, a lot of users only expect that their loved ones cannot access their porn browsing history — this is the common user story for privacy mode. If this feature was designed from that perspective, rather than a leave-no-trace-behind philosophy, this kind of behaviour is entirely plausible. Not that I would recommend a Microsoft browser when you want privacy; or their OS for that matter. A lot of factors that make up the total fingerprint have an influence on how sites react to your browser, so I would have it change per-session and per-domain to prevent weirdness. Most Linux distributions by default configure the track-pad to emulate the middle mouse by clicking the left and right button simultaneously. Not as nice as an actual third button, but useful if you are on a laptop without a peripheral mouse attached. A classic example of Germany's Wirtschaftswunder. Today you would be hard pressed to find a home where his company's wall plugs are not used somewhere — at least in Europe. Absolutely. The number of people who would still resort to blocking ads if they were non-targeted, static, tastefully done yet clearly recognizable as advertisements, served locally, non-tracking, and non-obtrusive would probably have been negligible. But now there is an entire economy that depends on advertisements that track you and know you and need to be served via third party brokers, because if they didn't they wouldn't sell. I don't know the solution to fix this mess, but I will gladly help pop the current bubble so something more useful can replace it. Had the same thing happen to me with a monitor. I neglected to install an ad-blocker right away on that freshly installed computer. Not making that mistake again. Cats for ads. Has a nice ring to it. I'm surprised no one built it yet. How is their plan autistic? Hanke and Henry seem idealistic, academic, and likely lack a solid understanding of the sociological consequences that make their plan utterly unattainable, but they don't strike me as sufferers of autism. Fido U2F support is currently in development by Mozilla for Firefox. See the last post of that bug, or look for the U2F discussions on the Firefox mailing lists if you want to find out more about the current status. I really like the Fido U2F concept, because it ticks all the right boxes; simple to use, reusable for multiple services without being traceable, multiple hardware vendors, open standard, soon implement in Chrome, Firefox, and Edge (although I am not sure about the status in Edge right now), and cheap. But this solves logging in with a browser . I have been wondering about things like IMAP for e-mail access. To secure my mail a second factor sounds great, but right now all solutions mean I get 2FA when I log in with a browser, but as soon as I use an e-mail client I am back to username and password (application-specific or otherwise). Ideally, Fido U2F would be an option to use with IMAP and SMTP as well, so that Thunderbird, Outlook, or Apple Mail can prompt me to touch the U2F key when I get my mail. I have not been able to find much information on this approach yet though. Is it possible? Desirable? Any insights? Such backup codes are probably the safest way to go about this. A sheet of codes that you print or write out on a piece of paper and store with your valuables. No phone required, at all. It would not be a very useful standard if a smartphone was a requirement. Have a look at this short overview: https://fidoalliance.org/specifications/overview/ UAF is authentication by means of a local device with some biometric authentication factor. U2F uses a separate hardware token that can be used via USB, NFC, or Bluetooth LE — so basically, any modern computing device. The client-side code and the standard are fairly trivial to implement — thanks to Yubico as well — but the problem lies in designing and standardising an extension to the existing mail protocols, and getting that accepted as a common feature for e-mail providers (such as Google and Microsoft) and a common feature in MTAs and MDAs. Duly noted; thanks for clarifying. I do get the impression UAF is targeted mostly as a biometric authentication system — which I indeed dislike, so I do see your point. Perhaps the confusion stems from the UAF/U2F split and the examples shown. Only for Fido UAF though. Fido U2F also attains the goal of reducing the knowledge factor to a PIN or something similar, but does this by employing discrete hardware tokens as the possession factor. That is exactly why we have , and >= (≥) in programming languages. It is a lot less verbose than saying exclusiveBetween(x, 5, 10) . In that respect, I miss the word 携帯. スマホ ( sumaho , ugh!) feels so uncultivated in such a pleasant language. It was a predictable outcome though. Japanese has a tendency to abbreviate common words, and the term smartphone (the unwieldy スマートフォン/sumātofon) was imported with the first generations of smartphones. The German Handy on the other hand (as ccozan mentions)… What a lovely word. Pocket PC still sounds nice, but Apple's marketing efforts caused the meaning of the word to become unclear. Pocket computer is perhaps the most neutral term available. For the average consumer this semantic discussion won't change their perception of those devices though. The masses for now have settled on the three categories of smartphone, tablet, and laptop/desktop computer. (Even more frustrating is that every piece of software, service, and website you use on those devices, and in some countries even a text message is called simply app .) Ditto. Nothing at all with uBlock Origin, just the article. Number ② might actually be feasible if micro payments can be implemented in a sensible manner. That is something I would like to see, but it seems hard to get right. An option missing from your list is sites providing free access to the first few articles in order to generate interest in their paid offerings. Newspapers sometimes do this; on their own sites and at aggregate services providing paid access to the articles from several newspapers and magazines. Google Analytics (and other comparable services) will often be blocked by tools such as EFF's Privacy Badger. It depends on your audience how many users do this. If you want reliable metrics, analyse your webserver's access logs instead, or implement a usage logging solution that does not depend on calls to a third party domain. Fonts hosted at a third party can be blocked, but not as often as analytics services. You could simply host the WOFF files with your website. As long as you configure the webserver to serve these fonts with the proper caching headers, users should only request them once. I like the concept of micro payments, but I am worried about the notion of a single large party providing this service. Can you imagine the worth of all those user profiles correlating topics, interests, articles, and websites? Payment would have to be anonymous for this to work. At least with Pidgin I could participate with any modern networked computing device. We have now reached a point where the most popular messaging networks are exclusively tied to smartphones (e.g., WhatsApp). What worries me most though, is that some businesses and governments no longer appear willing to use e-mail for external formal communication at all. When I asked my bank (ING in the Netherlands) how I could e-mail them with a question, they stated that e-mail is no longer an option (not even via a web-form), and that I would have to use Twitter direct messages, Facebook, or a web-based chat-page for any digital communication with them. E-mail may not be hip, but I do get to keep an archive with sent and received communications that I can easily backup and keep for future reference, just like I do with paper mail (at least the important stuff). Character is fine when talking about Unicode. As in: “That character at code point U+1F918 is not showing up as a proper glyph for me.” You might be thinking of how a single Unicode character does not necessarily map to a single byte in UTF-8 (the most common Unicode encoding). Some programming languages call a single byte variable a char or character; is that what you are referring to? Incidentally, the U+1F918 before 'about' is not available as a glyph on my system — i.e., I don't have a font installed that has it. The creator probably uses a Mac (as evidenced by his exclusive use of ⌘). Probably because the traditional Western image of a bidet is a separate bowl in a luxurious bathroom. That is, it comes across as a luxury item. It is an interesting topic though. I have spent a year living in Japan as a graduate student, and had an ultra-modern all-in-one toilet with a built-in bidet (these are quite common in Japanese homes, and even hotels tend to have them en-suite). At first you are confronted with your cultural baggage; all your life you have been using toilet paper to sanitize your nether regions. After that curiosity sets in, and you rationalize that if a whole modern society embraces this technology, than certainly there must be something to it. Then you start using it, and soon marvel at how barbaric and uncouth the toilet paper method is. Upon returning to my Western country I was again back to toilet paper, but getting a Japanese style toilet seat with built-in bidet is on my wish list… Unfortunately, toilet habits are not something that can be easily changed in any society. It is not something people like to discuss. If you've never encountered a bidet (built-in or otherwise) and had the opportunity to use it for a decent while, chances are you will reject the notion of owning one. While I agree with the sentiment, I fear that for many software developers ensuring the continuity of their livelihood is more important — either by necessity or choice — than defending the right to privacy and the freedom to keep private records. The difference is that it is for all practical purposes impossible to actually ban strong encryption, because it is a virtual good; it is a mathematical concept, implemented in a lot of widely available open source code. At most you can legislate that stock computing devices (such as smartphones) contain no such strong encryption without government backdoors, and you would be able to catch the low hanging fruit of the criminals depending on that technology. But you cannot prevent someone from using strong encryption using third party applications. How will you force a backdoor into, say, gnupg or dm-crypt? Outlaw that software? Any criminal worth his salt will use tools that are not backdoored, completely negating the gimped government-approved stock software. Guns are physical items that require physical ammunition. It is a completely different situation. This discussion and comparison is also very strange for someone from Europe, where owning a gun is rare and completely undesirable for the vast majority. I think your standpoint may well be what the majority considers reasonable, but consider this; nothing stops a criminal from using encryption technology without backdoors. There is no way to ban such technology, because it is already available for free from websites all around the globe, and distributed with free operating systems. So what you end up with is a gimped encryption technology that is much more vulnerable than what we have now for the common man, and strong encryption (available for free, right now) for everyone with a modicum of know-how. And how would you implement a global three-key backdoor? Which governments get to participate? Or should each country get their own backdoor for computing devices sold locally? Can I legally buy a computing device from another country and use it here? Can I legally install software of my own choosing? The kind of encryption that we use to safely buy stuff on-line (such as TLS for securing our HTTP connections) and the kind that security-aware people use to secure data (which includes criminals and anarchists, but also activists living under repressive regimes, healthcare professionals, lawyers, software developers, etc.) is quite similar from a mathematical standpoint. The underlying algorithms (such as AES, SHA-2, RSA, etc.) and mathematical concepts are often the same. There is no practical difference in the kind of crypto a criminal uses and the kind you would use to store your passwords and scans of important documents. Periodically copy them to an encrypted external (thumb) drive and keep that in a safe place. Use two if you want to store one of them off-site. Piece of cake with LUKS and dm-crypt on any modern Linux distro. Just use a long passphrase that you can remember. A private key without a passphrase can be used by anyone who gets hold of it. Why disable the extra protection a passphrase affords? With an ssh agent you can store the passphrase in the keychain you unlock when you log on, so you won't have to type it whenever you use it, unless you ssh into your own machine and try to use the key from the remote shell (which makes sense). Of course, in every security scenario the risks determine the level of security, but having a passphrase has no practical downsides. Exactly! Just use OpenPGP! Once you've set up OpenPGP for all developers and operators that deal with secrets and production databases, it is a piece of cake to simply click the 'encrypt' button in the e-mail client whenever you need to share production log files or other potentially sensitive information with colleagues. In an ideal world sensitive data never leaves the production environment or the machine of the developer or operator working on it, but sometimes things break down, and you need to share information to find out what went wrong, as soon as possible, with colleagues who are not necessarily physically nearby. It is best to have these tools set up and part of your work flow when you do need them. If you don't have your ATM-card, you can't withdraw money from your account. If you don't have your car keys, you can't use your car. This is completely desirable. Yubikeys are very durable and small; just put them on your (physical) key-chain. To prevent losing access when you lose your key, ensure you have a backup yubikey, or backup the keys stored on the yubikey so you can create a new one. If you use a solution where the secret cannot leave the key (such as Fido U2F keys) than register your backup key with all the services you use as well, or generate recovery codes for each service. Needless to say, these should be stored in a very secure place. A passphrase also protects against someone acquiring your private key by some other means. For example, if you accidentally copy the key file somewhere, or some tool (Dropbox, OwnCloud, any cloud syncing tool) syncs it to an unsecured or compromised location. The passphrase adds a knowledge factor to the key's security. I wish people would be more critical of these platforms, but the immediate benefits of instant gratification and communication seem to trump the more abstract notions of digital freedom and privacy. Look at how in some countries (e.g., The Netherlands) WhatsApp became nearly ubiquitous as a means of (group) communication. As someone critical of our digital freedom this bothers me. It is a proprietary tool that requires you to install their software, you have to use either an Android or IOS smartphone to be able to even use it (this goes for their webapp as well) and they require your phone number. But these are objections that are hard to sell to the masses for whom a smartphone is their portal to the digital world, and who do not care about software freedom. Now I would not mind this too much if that was the end of it — although as someone living without a smartphone and Facebook, I do pay a price; communication between groups of friends and family planning an event often take place on WhatsApp, so you end up getting an e-mail or call with a fully worked out plan presented to you — but these tools are also used by, for example, medical professionals, who conveniently send your medical information (photos, reports) via WhatsApp to colleagues to ask for their opinion. Never mind that it is illegal to export personal data of this nature to foreign servers under control of a corporation that has no contractual obligation to properly handle such data, not to mention that is quite undesirable. Fortunately the regulatory body in the Netherlands has condoned this practice, but it illustrates the dismal state of affairs. The regulatory body responsible for this field is already taking measures; fortunately! It does highlight how digital security and privacy are simply not considered by these professionals. True, it is available on all proprietary mobile operating systems, but you cannot use it on Windows, Mac OS X, or GNU/Linux without a smartphone registered with WhatsApp. This is by design as far as I can tell. Most people who have an OpenPGP key upload their public key to one of the on-line key-servers. These key-servers sync keys with each other, so you can find any published public key from any one of them. Try https://pgp.mit.edu/ for instance. Enigmail in Thunderbird offers a way to search these key-server from within the mail application, perhaps Mailvelope has this feature as well? The problem here is that there is no way for the average user to tell if the server itself is serving you client-side code that will actually encrypt your data before sending it to the server. The browser security model explicitly depends on trusting the remote server (whose identity you verified using TLS, and with whom you can communicate securily) with whatever data you enter client-side. With end-to-end encryption of e-mail, the server is not part of the immediate trust model; it is to act only as a transfer agent. This is why end-to-end e-mail encryption is easy with a dedicated mail user agent (MUA) such as Thunderbird with Enigmail, but awkward with webmail, where you need a third party browser plugin (such as Mailvelope) to provide the encryption step.