> I'm strongly in favor of allowing more efficient video formats to be used in their place anywhere that supports animated GIFs because that actually kills their niche. Haven't the sites that can be bothered to encode animated images as MP4 already done so and switched to the tag? Who is left now in 2022 with GIF that would actually switch to MP4 and not just keep GIF, support for which seems to be in no danger of being removed? Especially since you'd still have to worry about backward compatibility, because neither Chrome nor Firefox have implemented mp4 yet. > Having to individually play each reaction image would make them unusable. Good, I'm not a fan of them ;-) > The proper way to handle this is to respect the prefers-reduced-motion CSS media feature. There's a big difference between clicking to play an animation and never playing an animation. The element uses the former. But prefers-reduced-motion seems more appropriate for the latter. In any case, why wouldn't prefers-reduced-motion also make reaction animations unusable? > Also if you forbid animated gifs, you should go one step further and forbid animated SVGs! Nobody is suggesting to forbid animated images. The suggestion is that they respect the user's autoplay preferences, so you can make them click to play, like a video. > though autoplay is often abused by (American, for some reason) news sites to dump their stupid ads onto me I discovered this feature from an ad on CNN. > In other browsers you may need an addon to accomplish this. That's the problem though. I make an extension that stops autoplaying videos. But the extension doesn't work on mp4, because has none of the API of a element. There's no autoplay attribute, there's no JavaScript play and pause, no video controls, no DOM events. The mp4 is effectively walled off. > This would guarantee that `reduce` doesn't break any existing experiences, while still providing the option for those with vestibular motion disorders. I don't have a vestibular motion disorder. I just don't want videos to autoplay. A lot of people don't want videos, or gifs, to autoplay. Do we actually need anything other than the existing "Never Auto-Play" preference? > I love animated gifs that auto play That's fine, as long as the browser respects user autoplay preferences, then every user gets what they want. > So much great internet meme culture revolves around gifs Technically speaking, it's not clear how much this is true anymore. Many sites such as Twitter use rather than GIF. I love gifs in the loose sense, i.e., short-form videos. But from a technical standpoint, gifs are kind of an abomination: "The Graphics Interchange Format is not intended as a platform for animation, even though it can be done in a limited way." https://www.w3.org/Graphics/GIF/spec-gif89a.txt > Apple's CEO, COO and "head of services" all have degrees from Duke University Why do you mention this? Duke awards thousands of degrees every year. It's a highly ranked university, but the number of people in the world with degrees from highly ranked universities is massive. It's not rare. > I honestly think we're very biased towards assuming our senior corporate leaders are foolish and misguided. I honestly think we're very biased towards assuming our senior corporate leaders are gods and not fallible mortals. All humans make mistakes. Very bad mistakes. Even very smart people. Depending on circumstances and level of power, some people suffer the consequences of their mistakes, and others don't. One common mistake of leaders is to surround themselves with "yes men" who never criticize them or tell them the truth. Leaders can become very detached from reality, but their power allows them to survive and even thrive in a state of reality detachment. And these leaders always have people who will defend them no matter what and paint them as infallible geniuses because of their power, which is part of what contributes to never suffering the consequences of mistakes. > The chances of the top three (four?) executives at any given giant multinational company all holding degrees from the same institution is pretty small. Not really. Colleges are social networks. Alumni favor each other. Facebook and Google were both founded at colleges. > I don’t think there is an intent to malign Duke I read it the opposite way, as attempting to say that having degrees from Duke somehow makes Apple leadership uniquely capable: "all have degrees from Duke University and 30 year careers in supply chain management". > but it is noteworthy. It's some interesting trivia. But it's not clear why it's noteworthy in the context of the discussion of secrecy at Apple. Tim Cook got an MBA at Duke, Jeff Williams got an MBA at Duke. Tim Cook was at IBM, Jeff Williams was at IBM. Tim Cook joined Apple in operations, Jeff Williams joined Apple in operations. Do you think those are all just random chance coincidences? > people who have prefers-reduced-motion enabled most likely don't want animating reaction images (they're a perfect example of the sort of motion that this setting is supposed to suppress). I don't want AUTO-animating images. That's a crucial distinction. I still want to be able to see the animation, if desired. It should be under user control. Reduced motion is not the kind of thing you can trivially turn off and on. You have to go layers deep into settings to find and change it. This is why click to play is the correct answer here. > What I'm curious about is why they thought they were right when they made the decision. This may be important to determine liability in a malpractice lawsuit, but otherwise I'm not sure why we should care much why someone was mistaken if we're all agreed that the decision was mistaken. The difference here is that we're not even agreed that Apple's culture of secrecy is wrong. It's a controversy. If we're talking about a diagnostic error by a doctor, we're assuming there's no controversy over whether it was actually wrong. Two vastly different scenarios: 1) Tim Cook made a mistake but made the best decision he could given the information at the time. 2) Tim Cook didn't make a mistake. If you're willing to agree on 1, and that Apple's culture should change, then I'm happy to grant you "made the best decision he could given the information at the time", or at least not argue it too much, because the culture is the important matter, and not the thoughts inside Tim Cook's brain. "Assume he's smart" is vastly different than "Assume he's right". There are many times in my career when I look at code that I'd previously written and wonder "What the heck was I thinking???" It's an interesting question psychologically, but still, I fully recognize that the code I wrote was bad. And regardless of how much time I spend on post-mortem analysis, the crucial thing is to fix the code. > You can remember them. Can you? I can remember some domains , but I can't recall many full URLs that I remember, except perhaps some that I use almost daily. Certainly not a blog post that I'll read only once. > You can tell someone. You can even say it out loud! If the other person is going to write down the URL, I'm not sure there's a difference here. Giving someone your email address over the phone is already a painful experience no matter what. Always have to make sure the dots are in the right place. And if the first point is wrong — "You can remember them." — then making it a little shorter over the phone isn't all that advantageous, because they're going to write it down or type it anyway, not memorize it. > During the 1880-1950 we were causing massive disasters all around, literally nuking cities. But that period is also where we came up with virtually all of technology that makes the modern world: cars, planes, radio, computers, nuclear power, jet propulsion. What is your concrete suggestion for taking more risks? Surely not nuking more cities? Having more world wars? Shall we declare war on Russia and send troops to Ukraine? Would that create more "progress"? > Otherwise, it has been a time of stagnation. How so? To take one example: we had a killer virus come out of nowhere, but we were able to develop effective vaccines for the virus almost immediately. The "slow" part was just the safety testing, not the vaccine development. Would this have been possible during the 1880-1950 era? Science and technology continues rapidly; I'm quite puzzled by the stagnation comment. In 2022, we all have computers in our pockets that are vastly more powerful than anything from 1950, and we can use these pocket computers to instantly communicate with anyone on the planet. > We are on the brink of world war three and the UN's only reason for existing is to prevent that from happening again, but instead of doing its job What do you think the UN is supposed to do when one of the permanent members of the Security Council with veto power decides to go to war? The foundation of the UN depended crucially on the temporary alliance between the United States and the Soviet Union during World War II. This alliance quickly fell apart though, leading to the long "Cold War", which arguably still exists, apart from a short lull in the 1990s. When the US and Russia are at odds, it's almost impossible for the UN to perform its function. The veto power of the permanent Security Council members ensures that the UN has no enforcement mechanism over those individual nations. This was by design of the founding nations: the United States and Soviet Union never gave the United Nations the power to constrain the United States and Soviet Union. Having said that, World War III not inevitable. There were only 20 years between WW1 and WW2, while we've gone more than 75 years since WW2, so maybe the UN has done its job? > I want less government in every way - let local people decide for themselves what they want to do. Have you considered that local people might decide to form tribes, arm themselves with weapons, kill a bunch of people, and impose their own new government by force? This is what often, perhaps inevitably, happens when there's a power vacuum. The United Nations was formed in the aftermath of World War II, during which local people decided what they wanted to do was invade other countries and commit mass murder. "If government just gets out of the way, then everyone will play together nicely and peacefully" is never how it works. The key is to maintain a healthy balance between government and personal freedom. It's a difficult balance to maintain, but the alternatives — authoritarianism or anarchy — are always worse. > War driving technology forward is a pretty popular idea I would say less morbidly that government investment often drives technology forward. Sadly, wartime seems to be the only time when many people are willing to invest in government. > it's plausible that if modern society survived WWIII it would create more progress... for the survivors. That's the problem with war driving technology forward. The military technology has been driven forward to the level where modern society surviving WWIII is questionable. > So if let's say, Myanmar doesn't stop using CFCs. What's your solution? Send in some Blue Helmets to enforce global law? But this is exactly why UN conspiracy theories are such a joke. The UN hardly ever enforces anything, because they can't. And the few times it does, it's typically US soldiers operating only nominally under the UN. The UN is a bogeyman for ultranationalists, but it's mostly just issuing advisory guidelines with very little force behind them. It's not a global tyranny. > A few hundred million will die in the top end of what we expect, but that's acceptable. And this is clearly the position of most people, so I'm comfortably in the majority here. Citation, please? I'd love to see the polls saying that several hundred million deaths are ok with most people. From what I've seen, increased government action on climate change polls very well among the public, e.g., https://www.pewresearch.org/science/2020/06/23/two-thirds-of... Abstract: "Americans’ hostility toward political opponents has intensified to a degree not fully explained by actual ideological polarization. We propose that political animosity may be based particularly on partisans’ overestimation of the prevalence of extreme, egregious views held by only a minority of opponents but imagined to be widespread." You: "There's objective measurements that the democrats moved far left creating the polarization." Hmm. Could it be that you're... overestimating? > As I said... wilfred social science... I don't know what the point is supposed to be here. > Here's a nice visual graph that I like: https://www.pewresearch.org/fact-tank/2014/06/12/7-things-to ... > Go put your finger on the republican line and see where it moves. Ok. I downloaded the gif and went through it frame by frame. What it shows is that the Median Democrat stayed exactly the same during 1998-2011, while the Median Republican moved right the whole period of 2004-2011. Anyway, this story is from 2014, so it's missing the last 8 years. > That's a long way from "nothing is happening." Who are you quoting? Nobody said that. This seems like a non sequitur. 1) Do you have any evidence that the price of gas affects who people vote for? (And what about the prices of other things that are vastly more expensive, like health care, education, and housing?) 2) Do you actually believe that in a privately financed duopoly, elected politicians are responsive to voter preferences as opposed to donor preferences? For example, voters overwhelming favor campaign finance reform. Whereas campaign donors and elected politicians overwhelmingly disfavor campaign finance reform. 3) Does most of the public actually understand and believe in the consequences of climate change, in the stark terms that you've stated? Whether the public favors a particular course of action at the present, and whether the public favors the ultimate consequences of that course of action, are two entirely separate questions. The fact that you, by your own admission, are perfectly willing to participate in killing hundreds of millions of people, with foreknowledge and eyes wide open, doesn't imply that everyone else feels the same way. One does not simply become a fascist dictator without a large number of fascist followers and sympathizers. It's not like Hitler invented racism. He was charismatic, and thereby became a leader of the movement, but he wasn't a magical pied piper. He told people what they wanted to hear. Anyway, I'm not sure what the argument is supposed to be, because there's always someone instigating. The Hitler example just reinforces the point about power vacuums and weak governments. Hitler only served 8 months in prison for a coup attempt (the Beer Hall Putsch) against the Weimar Republic, an extremely weak response that did almost nothing to stop his rise to power. > Just conventional wisdom that inflation is bad for votes. This was my point in mentioning the prices of health care, education, and housing. You switched the argument from gas inflation to general inflation. High gas prices are annoying to anyone who buys gas, but there's no reason to think that gas prices in particular drive votes, or that voters would prioritize gas prices over global warming. > what’s the evidence that they actually favour campaign finance reform? It’s one thing to say it. It’s another to act in a sense where it’s a priority. If the only options are vanilla and sherbet, how do I express my preference for chocolate? Voters don't get to vote on policies, they only get to vote on individual politicians, on one day every 2 to 4 years. It's not much of choice, very hard to express your individual policy preferences that way. A politician is a collection of a number of different policy positions, although the connection between what the politician says and what the politician does is tenuous at best. In general, politicians of both parties are held in very low esteem by voters. Voters often plug their noses and reluctantly choose the lesser of evils, rarely getting exactly what they want. I didn't say that campaign finance reform is a higher priority to voters than "bread and butter" issues. All I'm saying is that it's very widely favored among voters, and very widely disfavored among wealthy campaign donors, because of course the latter greatly benefit from the system of legalized bribery. The only reason not to pass campaign finance reform is if you benefit from this system of bribery. What are the "revealed preferences" of people who don't vote? How can you tell whether (1) they don't care, (2) they feel powerless and disillusioned by politics, or (3) some other reason. That's actually not revealed in the mere (in)action. > Now that I think about it, I can’t recall the evidence for climate change being bad. Please don't pretend that consequences of climate change aren't a matter of great public controversy, with literally millions of people claiming it's not a problem or no big deal. Maybe you and I accept what most scientists say, but not everyone does. And it's taken decades of scientists trying to hammer their points home to have a significant effect on the non-scientific public. It's always difficult to try to peer into the future and evaluate possible consequences of current actions. > Ah! This I have evidence against. Senators have high approval ratings! https://morningconsult.com/senator-rankings/ Your evidence seems to show the opposite of your conclusion. According to this data, only 14 out of 100 senators have an approval rating of higher than 50%. Mostly small state senators. It looks like the data is 2 years old, but I doubt that voters are much more approving now. > All I have to do is avoid finding out about moral situations and I am automatically doing the right thing. We're not talking about morality here, we're talking about whether voting is an accurate reflection of a person's "values" - moral values, immoral values, self-interested values, whatever they happen to be. I'm arguing that voting is a very poor, opaque indicator of that, given the constraints of voting. I'd also mention that big moneyed interests have spent big money on propaganda against the science of climate change. It's not simply a matter of a person learning what is uncontroversial, like math; there's a war of ideas occurring in public, and sides must be chosen. Often friends and family are on the opposite side of the debate, which is never easy to live with. Who do you trust, anonymous scientists or... your parents who love you and raised you? > I pointed out that there was quite a lot of government involved in this decision, referring to the well-known history of certain WWII fascist dictatorships in which the entire society was effectively subjugated under the authority of a single person. You're completely ignoring how the dictatorship came to be. Hitler didn't just step off a spaceship from another planet and immediately become leader of Germany. There was a democratic government for many years before he came to power, and the Nazi party spent many years gaining political support during that time. In 1932, they won 37% of the vote, becoming the largest political party in the country. The people who voted for them were going down that path voluntarily. You seem to be taking the existence of a dictatorship for granted, a fact without any need of historical or causal explanation, as if nothing that happened before 1933 mattered. The Nazi party was explicitly racist, explicitly antisemitic, explicitly anti-immigrant. And they were popular! So yes, this was local people getting together and deciding to form a tribe based on hatred of others. > The original claim was that the left hadn't moved. The response was "prove it". No, the original claim was actually this: "political animosity may be based particularly on partisans’ overestimation of the prevalence of extreme, egregious views held by only a minority of opponents but imagined to be widespread." The counterclaim was: "There's objective measurements that the democrats moved far left creating the polarization." My suggestion was that this counterclaim seems to be exhibiting the same fallacy discussed in the paper. Both the Democratic and Republican parties are very large, and its members have a wide variety of views. If you pay close attention, you'll see that there's quite a bit of infighting, sometimes very bitter, even within each party. Broad generalizations about Democrats or "the left" — and likewise about Republicans or "the right" — are often going to be grossly inaccurate. You can't just treat huge groups as uniform when they're demonstrably not uniform. The American people — well over 300 million of them — have diverse political views. But we have a political duopoly. Which means that these diverse views held by Americans have to somehow fit mostly within these 2 parties. It's a mistake to overgeneralize about political parties and similar groups. I personally find the terms "left", "right", "liberal", "conservative" to be practically meaningless. They've lost all of their original meaning and become opaque cudgels for the political parties to pretend they have some kind of coherent ideology. But this is a bit of a tangent. Anyway, I would bet that most Democrats and most Republicans don't even know WTF CRT is. Even the ones who complain about it! From the linked paper: "Time spent watching partisan media (controlling political orientation) predicted greater overestimations of the prevalence of extreme views" If I may inject a bit of dispassionate analysis here: I think there's a grain of truth to both sides. It's true that Republicans have moved more toward same-sex marriage. However, it also seems to be true that the legalization of same-sex marriage has politically activated many Republicans who are still opposed to same-sex marriage. When same-sex marriage was not legal, those opposed to it could remain fairly complacent. It was the status quo and wasn't an issue where they felt the need to engage in political activism. The most outspoken people were those in favor of same-sex marriage. But when same-sex marriage was legalized, there was an almost complete reversal, in terms of activism. So today it feels like Republicans are more opposed to same-sex marriage, even if the raw numbers say otherwise. But perhaps the raw poll numbers don't reflect the level of enthusiasm or activism regarding the issue. I think this is actually a general point: the level of political activism regarding any issue tends to be highest among those who feel threatened. So ironically, the level of activism opposed to same-sex marriage, for example, becomes higher as that view tends to wane in public popularity. A powerful overwhelming majority, on the other hand, doesn't need to make much effort to maintain its status. > Now try doing the whole span it's depicting, instead of picking the best years for your viewpoint. What do you think is my viewpoint? During 1994-1997, both parties were moving left. And during 2012-2014 they were moving in opposite directions. I focused on the period of 1998-2011 because that seemed to be when there was the biggest difference in behavior between the 2 parties. The claim of incomingpain was that "the democrats moved far left creating the polarization". But this is not supported by the given data. The parties were moving in lockstep prior to 1998, and the Democrats didn't move at all for many years after 1998. It seems difficult to argue that the polarization was created in 2017, given the data from 1998-2011. Anyway, incomingpain, the one who made the claim, was also the one who linked to the pre-2015 data. Here's the funny thing: incomingpain said "The republicans clearly moved left and it was the right thing to do." And Republicans did indeed move left 1994-2003... but then they moved back right starting in 2004. They moved right at the same time that Democrats were staying the same. So shouldn't incomingpain argue that backtracking was the wrong thing to do, if moving left was the right thing to do? > And the left could have had it all. They could have built a coalition of common cause between trans rights and workers rights, with a common philosophical underpinning. Instead, they've shifted to look down on blue-collar workers as "a basket of deplorables". Is this actually "the left" though? The same people who came up with the insult "basket of deplorables" also came up with the insult "Bernie bros". Seriously, if the left means Hillary Clinton and does not mean Bernie Sanders, then we might as well just throw all political labels in the trash. I think most elected politicians tend to betray their constituents. Bernie has the "luxury" of living in one of the smallest states in the nation, Vermont. He can wage a ground game campaign and not worry about having to raise massive amounts of money for big market TV ads. This makes him less susceptible to corruption than other senators. Also he was never a Democrat in the first place but an independent who decided to run for the Democratic nomination, so he was never fully a part of the the party apparatus. It's interesting to contrast with how Trump basically waltzed in and took over the Republican party, despite not having been a solid Republican himself in the past. I take this as a sign of how marginalized the left has been from the Democratic party. Sanders has taken over the spot of being the Democratic scapegoat for all their problems, a spot formerly held by Ralph Nader. 1) Areo magazine is a political hack publication. 2) The article about US schools was written by an Australian. 3) The article seems free of any actual empirical examples of its main claim. 4) There have always been groups in the US who want censorship in schools for anything they don't like politically or religiously, most notably, the science of biological evolution. The "oh no, what are they teaching the children in schools" crowd is very hard to take seriously. There are people who don't want slavery mentioned in schools. They don't want the Holocaust mentioned in schools. It's hard to imagine a more "radical agenda" than all of this censorship and denial of facts. Wipe away history? Wipe away science? The irony is that those who say "just teach the controversy about evolution and the Holocaust" [there's no scientific controversy] would also refuse to "teach the controversy" over CRT. I've never taught high school, but I did teach (philosophy) at the university level in the past, and the people who complain about what's taught in college typically believe laughably inaccurate caricatures of what actually happens in the classroom. We're not proselytizing students; it's hard enough just to keep them awake during class and prod them to actually do the assigned reading in the first place. > What can they do with CSAM data? > Government can't blackmail citizen, they can't use CSAM scans for other purposes, they can't even authorize a scan, because that's the justice system prerogative. In the United States, legal blackmail is called a "plea bargain". You agree to admit you're guilty of a crime, even if you aren't, in return for the government not pursuing harsher charges against you. This occurs without trial, because of course the whole point of the plea bargain is to avoid going to trial. Why would an innocent defendant want to avoid trial? Well, good lawyers are extremely expensive, and public defenders are extremely overworked. Also, police will often say whatever they need to say on the stand to get a conviction and justify their arrest. How many cops are ever jailed themselves for perjury? > Being rich helps him achieve these goals, but so does building hype and being present in the media. Does it? I know literally nothing about the personality of the Wright brothers. Or Henry Ford. Or Thomas Edison. Their legacy is their inventions. Hype and media coverage are temporary at best. And unfortunately, Musk's hype and media presence tends to show him at his worst. I'm not sure whether Musk fans realize how many non-fans actually despise the guy. If anything, he's wrecking his legacy. Shut up and build stuff. > Steve Jobs was charismatic and somewhat of an asshole to the people around him. But he wasn’t unhinged, self aggrandizing and attention seeking. He wasn't unhinged. He was definitely self aggrandizing and attention seeking. Jobs was an asshole, but he was an adult asshole. A mature asshole. He wasn't a juvenile asshole. Both Musk and Trump give the impression of having the emotional maturity of a pre-teen. > But their ongoing successes were very much political and public perception. Ford especially was incredibly politically active and noisy about it. Nobody remembers Ford's political activism. Apparently he ran for US Senate once and lost. Is there any reason to think that Ford's political activism had anything to do with the success of the Ford Motor Company? Ford hyping cars is fine and expected. Ford hyping politics doesn't really seem to add anything. In fact, it appears that there were some antisemitic writings associated with Ford, there was a lawsuit and a consumer boycott, and he was forced to apologize. A common fallacy is to assume that everything a successful person does in life contributes to their success. OJ Simpson was one of the greatest football running backs ever, and he was also a murderer. You might say, "if he wasn't a violent person, then he wouldn't have been a great running back", but somehow Barry Sanders managed not to murder anyone. > Neither Boeing nor Ford have put a car into a trans-Martian Solar orbit Good? This reminds me of the scene from the film "Tin Cup" where he asks "You ever shoot par with a 7 iron?" and his rival replies "Hell Roy, it never even occurred to me to try." (The backstory being that Tin Cup and his caddy broke all of his other golf clubs in a childish argument.) > All 3 of them took wealth away from paper-millionaire shareholders of competing companies (eg. Netscape) and delivered superior quality of life to the consumer. Nobody sheds a tear for the paper-millionaires, rightfully so. Well actually... Microsoft was almost broken up by the government for what it did to Netscape, until there was a change of US Presidential administration, after which Microsoft was given a wrist slap, and then 9/11 immediately hit, which made the issue disappear from public consciousness. I'm not exaggerating here: the Department of Justice announced it was no longer seeking to break up Microsoft in September 2001. See this article from the WSJ literally the day before 9/11: https://www.wsj.com/articles/SB1000076767888491506 This is a straw man argument. The issue isn't the input from meatpackers, the issue is (1) no input from anyone else and (2) the meatpackers exaggerated and lied about the conditions. > Ok, how about some other sources? Heh, let me know when you come up with something that isn't a political hack publication. > Fame and wealth does some weird stuff to people. This is the crucial point. Power corrupts, a painful fact long established. Therefore, when the power and wealth of an individual grows, they deserve more scrutiny and criticism. You don't "give them a break because they're human". The self-preservation of society and freedom itself demands that we closely scrutinize the powerful. If you don't want to be scrutinized like that, then it's easy to avoid becoming a leader. It's a cliche, but with great power comes great responsibility, and Musk is still acting like a child half the time, egged on by a legion of equally childish fans. > nearly every company out there has no confidence in a college degree Or in job experience, for that matter. "You need to have 10 years experience in a technology that has only existed for 5 years, and also we assume you're a liar and discount all experience anyway." > Have you ever interviewed someone whose resume looked good but who couldn't code basic things? The kind of candidate FizzBuzz was invented for? It's a self-fulfilling prophesy, if you're using FizzBuzz to judge whether people are competent. Programmers aren't stage performers, but companies treat interviews like auditions. Anyone with "performance anxiety" is assumed to be incompetent, which is silly. The tech interview/audition is unnatural and very different from normal work. It's been shown by researchers over and over that interviews test for anxiety, not skills, but interviewers refuse to listen. https://news.ncsu.edu/2020/07/tech-job-interviews-anxiety/ > I mean what questions are you getting that you freeze up on but could otherwise solve in ~1h? You're thinking that the difficulty of the question matters, but it doesn't. The difficulty is the situation. You freeze up in an interview, but then immediately after the interview you go back and solve the same problem quickly, because the anxiety is gone, and nobody is standing over you watching. But you don't get a second chance after you're rejected. If you're not anxious, you can solve very hard problems. If you are anxious, you can't solve very easy problems. Many interviewers are astonished that candidates can't do FizzBuzz or whatever, but it's often because these interviewers don't understand fundamental human psychology, and expect everyone to be a robot with no emotions. > Honestly, most companies will prefer the candidate who projects poise and confidence rather than anxiety, all else being equal. Sorry but that's life. Work on overcoming that. Most companies will also prefer the candidate who who projects tallness and youth. Maybe these biases are something that companies need to overcome? > And in a big company it takes about 2 years for a bad hire to get pushed out, if they ever are. Two wrongs don't make a right. I wish that engineers would spend half as much time trying to correct the organizational dysfunction of their companies as they do on leetcode and the like. The tech industry that likes to brag about "innovation" and "disruption" seems very conservative and resistant to change as far as hiring is concerned. Everyone seems complacent about that and stuck in the status quo. Then they complain about a talent shortage... > As I suspected. Unwilling to read evidence with an open mind because they are from the "other side". I took the time to read the first link you chose. It did not show what you thought it showed. You thereby lost credibility and the benefit of the doubt in my eyes. So no, I'm not going to waste any more time reading your links unless I have a very good reason, and I also find it suspicious that all of your links are to publications with well-known political agendas. This is why I'm suggesting you find an article, one article, any article, that doesn't come from such a publication. Your "other side" comment is an incorrect assumption, because I'm not on a side and have no political party. I'm what you might call an "independent". > Surgeons have to do a 7 year residency before they get hired. There's nothing remotely comparable for software engineers. Yet software engineers with 7 years of experience are still assumed to be fakers. Are these wealthy applicants who don't need a job? If you're applying for jobs, then you either get a job, in which case you become an employed programmer, and thus competent in your eyes, or you eventually run out of money. Difficult to remain unemployed for a long period of time. > anyone who takes more interviews than average to be hired What is the average? My impression is that even "top" candidates take a lot of interviews, which gives them a lot of options and possibly multiple job offers that they can use to drive up the price in negotiations. There are reputable institutions who will vouch for the software engineer's experience, namely their previous employers. You can verify previous employment. The previous employer might not say anything else about the candidate, but they can certainly verify that the CV is not just invented. > nobody knows an alternative way of testing a candidate in few hours Why test? Seriously, why are interviews tests? Everyone seems very worried about incompetent job candidates, but what about incompetent colleagues and managers? We act like interviews are one-way when in fact they're two-way, and the candidate needs to decide if they actually want to work for the potential employer. Does the candidate get to test the interviewers? Nobody wants to work with incompetent colleagues, and especially not an incompetent manager, which is the worst. There are a lot of incompetent engineering managers, and indeed I would estimate that engineering managers are more likely to be incompetent than engineers, because engineers are frequently promoted to engineering managers despite having no background or training in management. It's ok though, I'll let the manager do a take home test in their spare time. > Are they just blatantly lying on their resumes? How would anyone know? Once a candidate fails the screen, the company rejects and never gives a second thought to the candidate again. Does any company do follow-up to see what happened in the future to rejected candidates? I've never heard of that happening. The coding screens are just assumed to be infallible, so the candidate must have been a fraud. It's unthinkable that the screening tests themselves are wrong, because then the whole hiring process is misguided. How so? I'm talking specifically about confidence and anxiousness in a job interview. One can be very confident in one's work yet be anxious in a job interview. > Rigorous interviews are intended to reduce the number of incompetent colleagues and managers. All of those colleagues and managers went through interviews too. My point was that engineers get promoted to engineering manager without any kind of "manager test", so there's no assurance of competence at all. Also, I've heard of many cases where certain candidates are allowed to bypass the normal interview rounds, or get coached on the company's interviews, or get "softball" questions during those interviews, if the company wants to hire that person for some reason no matter what. Moreover, there's no guarantee that the current interview process is the same as the past interview process, especially for older companies. (Think Apple, for example.) Certainly the founders of a company never went through the process, and probably the initial employees didn't either. The founding of a company is almost always "informal", and only later is a more "rigorous" process imposed on newcomers. > a recent grad could easily ramp up to out compete them with about 1 year worth of training and investment. What about if you gave the veteran programmer 1 year worth of training and investment? I think it's reasonable to wonder if the interview process is actually "indifferent", or whether it's designed to screen out older people in favor of younger people. How exactly could you or would you "test" for the value of experience, or do you believe that experience never has any value? > A company that just promotes anyone to EM that just puts their hand up, despite demonstrating their not suitable, has other problems. This is a straw man. It doesn't happen, and nobody believes that it happens. What does happen is that people who are good at engineering get promoted to engineering management, but writing code and managing humans are two entirely different skills. In fact it's especially true in companies with "rigorous" entrance exams that engineers employed by the company have focused on the coding aspect heavily in the past, otherwise they wouldn't have been able to pass the exams. So their people skills would have tended to be neglected or ignored entirely. > Hiring is about satisficing, not optimizing. Yet the OP's suggestion was this: "don't have 500 interviews. Have at most 2 or 3 which altogether should not take more than 2 to 3 hours of somebodys time." In other words, the OP was recommending satisficing rather than optimizing. Companies waste so much time on interviewing. Their own time and candidate time. Hundreds of interviews, multiple rounds, just a massive amount of time for 1 job. It certainly feels like they're trying to optimize rather than satisfice. > I test for competency Well, that's what everyone thinks they're testing for. The empirical evidence suggests otherwise. https://news.ncsu.edu/2020/07/tech-job-interviews-anxiety/ > a company that claims only to hire the best and brightest That's what they claim. It seems unlikely, especially seeing some of the things they produce. ;-) A less sarcastic point is that a company with a uniform hiring process tends to get a uniform workforce. What this means is that all employees tend to have the same strengths, and also the same weaknesses, because the hiring process is always looking for the same exact things. The result is that the team ends up not being more than the sum of all the parts but rather less than the sum of all the parts. The same strengths added together are redundant, and the same weaknesses added together create giant corporate blind spots. When you go about trying to "minimize the bad hire", what you're really minimizing is any sort of difference or diversity among the workforce, thereby missing the forest for the trees. We always talk about the so-called "10x engineer", but it's not clear that 2 10x engineers with the exact same skills would be better than 2 other engineers with different but complementary skills. Maybe 10x + 10x effectively adds up to much less than 20x. > That's why instead of complaining that companies don't interview the way you prefer them to ("interviewers refuse to listen") This is a misconstrual. The point was that interviewers refuse to listen to scientific studies that show interviews test for anxiety rather than skills. > Then everyone is happy! Not when the whole industry cargo cults on audition-style interview tests. > When an engineer gets promoted to engineering manager, a significant part of the management chain has to approve of the promotion, and they have had enough interaction with the newly promoted manager that they can reasonably assess whether the promotion is suitable. What makes you think that people higher in the management chain are any better at managing people or even care about that aspect? Many tech companies were founded by college kids who were programmers and had no background or training in management. They were thrust into their roles by the circumstances with no preparation. It seems like people are living in a hypothetical magical utopia in these comments instead of reality. We all know that managers are incompetent. We're experienced it. You can find endless engineers complaining about it. Why are we denying the truth here? > You again. Heh, I could say the same thing. You came in later and replied to several of my comments. ;-) > anxious when performing under pressure I have to repeat that I'm talking about job interviews specifically, which is not the same as "performing under pressure". Job interviews are unique in many ways and very different from having a job. This ought to be psychology 101 but somehow many techies don't understand it. The pressure of an on-the-job emergency is not the same as interview pressure. They are psychologically distinct. Anyway, I wouldn't make the general claim that experience makes somebody anxious in job interviews, but I would make the general claim that interview tests often don't actually test for the thing the designers think they do. How exactly does one test for the value of experience, for example? One thing worth noting though: people who have been out of school and on the job for many years may have become unaccustomed to taking tests, especially if they don't interview for jobs frequently. Fresh college grads are fresh from taking tests constantly in school. So test anxiety can start to affect long experienced people just because it's no longer natural for them compared to when they were younger and in school or new on the job market. This is a common and unfortunate misconception. Repeated interviews going badly and/or repeated failures to get a job can make someone specifically anxious about job interviews. Also, let me explain some of the crucial ways the job interview experience is distinct from work experience: 1) In an interview, you can lose the job at any moment for any little reason, because you don't even have the job yet, whereas on the job you're very unlikely to lose your job at any moment for any little reason. It typically takes gross incompetence or insubordination to get immediately fired. I've written plenty of software bugs in my career, as has everyone I suspect, but I've never been fired. I've lost plenty of jobs in interviews though. 2) The stakes are personally higher in a job interview, especially if you're currently unemployed. You can claim theoretically that the stakes are higher on the job, because "millions may be lost", but those aren't your millions, they're the company's millions. The company losing millions may suck for the company, but it doesn't necessarily mean you lose your job. Companies lose millions yet continue in business. Whereas if you don't get a job at all, you'll eventually run out of money and become homeless. That is the highest of stakes, for you. 3) If you've had a job for a while, then your coworkers already know that you're competent. They aren't suspicious of you or sitting in judgment of you, because your work has already been seen and judged. Whereas in a job interview, it is a stranger sitting in judgment of you. The issue isn't necessarily "talking to strangers" but rather you have a stranger who is wondering if you're a "faker who can't code your way out of a paper bag", and you have to prove to them otherwise in an hour. 4) In a job interview, someone is standing over you watching your every move while you work. Unless you do pair programming (which I dislike), most programmers are sitting alone at the computer most of the time, not having someone else stand over them. And even if you do sit with a coworker at the computer on the job, the process is usually collaborative rather than judgmental. You and a coworker sit together to solve a programming problem together, not so that your coworker can judge you and give you an evaluation which determines whether you get paid or not. 5) The tests given in job interviews are usually totally artificial and often have nothing to do with the job. You're just given a test — sometimes ill-defined — out of left field, at the spur of the moment, and you have to solve it in a few minutes, because the job interviewer can't sit and wait for you to take however long you need. People who interview a lot, or who are coached in interviewing techniques, apparently learn that there are tricks to interviewing, and you can ask the interviewer multiple questions to clarify and talk through the process, but someone who doesn't interview much doesn't know this. You rarely get such artificial, out of left field problems at work that need immediate solution. At work, you have meetings, discuss the product, discuss what's needed, before you work on things. Or if there's a work "crisis", the crisis has to do with your company's codebase, which you're already familiar with and may have written yourself! I could go on and on and on, but hopefully that's enough to show that the pressures of job interviews are unique and not the same as work pressures, no matter how bad the "emergency" at work. One more thing about different pressures and psychology: It's well known that many people have a specific fear speaking in front of groups of people. So why is the notion so strange that people have a specific fear of job interviews. I have little doubt that there are firefighters, who rush into burning buildings for a living, who would feel sick at the idea of giving a speech in front of a thousand people in a non-burning building. Anxieties are not all the same, they're often very specific. It's sad to me, though not surprising, that many hard techies don't understand human psychology and have a hard time empathizing. > Your original claim is that managers are less competent because they didn't get interviewed as managers when they got promoted. My original claim was "engineers are frequently promoted to engineering managers despite having no background or training in management". This doesn't have much to do with interviews for engineering managers, though I did note sarcastically that there's no real "FizzBuzz" equivalent for managers. Engineer to engineering manager is effectively a career change. Programming skills are different from people skills. It's important for an engineering manager to understand programming, but there's much more to the job. How many of them got management degrees in college rather the computer science degrees? How many of them were "managing since I was 13 years old" as opposed to "coding since I was 13 years old"? (You don't actually need to do either since you were 13 years old, but I think you get the rhetorical point.) Even if the "most qualified" of the current engineers get promoted to manager, that doesn't mean any of the current engineers are actually qualified to be a good manager of people rather than machines. > I can't imagine any reasonable team to take on somebody based on their CV alone though If by CV alone you mean the mere piece of paper (or pdf document), then I agree. I definitely think candidates should be vetted. I just think that the typical way tech companies vet candidates is awful. I agree with the OP who said "don't have 500 interviews". There's a huge difference between accepting a CV without question and what tech companies effectively do now, which is completely ignore the CV and rely entirely on coding tests for evaluating candidates. Mass interviews are unusual for many jobs outside of tech. Maybe you just interview the few top candidates. This seems like a better system, and it wastes less time for everyone, both the employer and job candidates, most of whom are necessarily rejected, if there's only 1 opening. Fewer interviews, more time vetting individual candidates. You don't have to do multiple rounds of interviews, and you don't have to do "screening". Start with your few top candidates and work your way down. If you insist on having a coding test, do it as the last step in the hiring process, not as the first, "screening" step. Job candidates would be much less anxious about coding tests if they knew it was the last step before hiring rather than the hurdle they have to overcome to even get to talk to someone conversationally, and if they knew they weren't competing in the coding tests with a hundred other candidates. Verify, don't screen. It's also the case that if you start with your top candidates and work your way down rather than mass interviewing, you have time to research the top candidates, such as looking at their open source if they have some. A typical excuse is "We don't have time to look at the GitHub of 500 candidates." So... don't interview 500 candidates! But Apple is ad supported: https://www.businessinsider.com/apple-shaking-up-services-bu... > It's not obvious that it immediately helps their bottom line. Besides requiring a paid iCloud+ subscription? I'm not sure what the argument is supposed to be here. Apple adds features to its hardware without raising the price. As a software developer, I add features to my software without raising the price. The point is to make the product more enticing so that more potential customers will buy it. If Apple wasn't trying to sell iCloud+ then it would have made iCloud Private Relay available to all Apple users without iCloud+. Apple is not a charity. This is sales 101. True, but it's depressing that Apple has decided to go down that path. They've gone from $0 ad revenue to $billions and are obviously intent on increasing that revenue even more. There are ads for Apple subscriptions in the Settings app. I've seen them myself. > I'm pretty fine with the search ads Why? The cover story for App Store is that it's supposed to protect consumers, but then the consumer searches for an app literally by name, and the first hit is a completely different app that paid for an ad. How is that protecting consumers? Moreover, Apple added App Tracking Transparency, where the cover story is privacy, but coincidentally ATT has at the same time caused people to switch more to Search Ads, because third party ads have become less effective as a result. There's a conflict of interest here. > Also, technology has advanced so much in the past 15 years that people are replacing their Apple devices significantly less frequently than they used to. Not sure about that. We have annual OS updates with force obsolescence via termination of device support and security updates. (Even the "supported" N-2 versions of macOS don't get all the security updates of the latest version.) And the devices now all have batteries that aren't user-replaceable. With the 2 year phone carrier contracts, the financial incentive was actually to upgrade your phone every 2 years. Those are mostly gone now, but it's rumored that Apple is working on a new hardware subscription. > The termination of device support tends to be for devices that are 7+ years old. That’s quite a reasonable support lifetime. I disagree. My 2014 MacBook Pro still works perfectly fine, but it doesn't run Monterey, which I need for work purposes, so I had to buy a new MacBook Pro. I certainly didn't want to drop all that money right now. > Also, as of today, battery replacements for all supported iPhone devices costs less than $70. That’s a very good price and basically includes the labor for free. Nobody is getting ripped off here. I've had to replace the battery twice out of warranty on my 2014 MacBook Pro, and it cost more than $70. Moreover, the pandemic has made getting repairs significantly more difficult. Who wants to ship their device off and be without it? > If it’s supported, it’s getting security updates, period. If you have contrary evidence, I’d like to see it. I said they don't get all the security updates; I didn't say they get no security updates. This differential in vulnerability patching is very well known among Mac security researchers. For example: https://www.intego.com/mac-security-blog/apples-poor-patchin... users-security-and-privacy-precarious/ I'm self-employed and don't need a job but am still open to the right opportunity. The last job I interviewed for was looking for a specialist in a particular field, which I am (fairly well known in that circle), and they told me they've been looking to fill the position for a full year before they interviewed me. The interview seemed to go well, and they wanted to continue with the process, but they said the next step was a take-home project. I wasn't thrilled, because my qualifications should already be established, but they said it's their mandatory procedure. I thought, ok, I'm interested in this job, and maybe I can power through the project quickly. But no, the project was rather open-ended, more of an unsolved problem than an already solved problem, and I started to see that I could spend an unknown number of hours on it. So I said fuck it and told them I've changed my mind about the job. I noticed many months later after I turned them down that they were still trying to fill the position. This is an employer just shooting themselves in the foot. They created their own "labor shortage". It's actually the second time in a row that I got this kind of absurdity. I was contacted unsolicited by an engineering manager from DuckDuckGo looking for a specialist. I asked them what their hiring procedure was, and it was even worse: they had multiple pre-hiring projects and some kind of probationary period before permanent hire. So I asked if I could just skip this, given my qualifications, and they said no, that's just how they do things at DuckDuckGo, and they believed their hiring process has been "successful" for them. So I basically said no thanks, buh-bye. And they also were continuing to try to fill the position many months after I said no. > Unions in general are overly focused on job security and fairness in pay at the expense of other things like total salary. Not necessarily true. Pro sports athletes have unions, and their compensation is usually much larger than ours. But there's almost always a power differential between employers and employees, which is why collective bargaining can be helpful. And it's not just about pay, it's about working conditions. There's a massive controversy nowadays about WFH for example. > Duck Duck Go paid me to do their projects. I can understand skipping it if you don't want to put the time in; but at least they aren't taking your work for free. Correct, they did pay. But I didn't really care about that. My only interest was a permanent job, not a short term contract. If I want short term contracts, I can find those elsewhere. An interesting thing about the real estate market is that most buyers and sellers hire an agent, who likely knows much more about the market than you do personally. As far as I've seen, job seekers in most industries rarely hire agents. The information differential between buyers and sellers in the labor market is vast. I'm not saying job seekers should hire agents. I'm not saying they shouldn't either though... My personal impression from using Twitter for years is that the actual number may be twice as high, more like 40% than 20%. The researchers repeatedly say that they were very conservative in their estimates and only counted accounts that were extremely likely to be spam. "This methodology likely undercounts spam and fake accounts, but almost never includes false positives (i.e. claiming an account is fake when it isn’t)." PROTIP: You can search Twitter by URL. Just search for a popular news article on Twitter, and you can see the massive number of obviously non-human accounts who are tweeting the article. I don't think this is the simplest explanation. The simplest explanation is this: Musk's primary source of financing is Tesla stock. The sudden market downturn took a big chunk out of Tesla stock, which made his financial situation more difficult. The delay in closing the deal is just that, a delay, in the hope that the market will recover and the price of Tesla stock will recover, thereby making Musk's financing position much easier. Nobody anticipated the downturn, otherwise Musk never would have made a $54 per share offer for Twitter in the first place, because obviously it's much lower now, as is much of the tech market. It's hard to believe that making a binding $54 offer on a stock that's only $39 a month later was "4D chess". I do think $54 was a reasonable, maybe even lowball offer a month ago. Twitter itself hasn't changed much in a month operationally speaking, but the whole market changed in valuation. Twitter wasn't looking to sell itself. This was an unsolicited takeover bid. Well, the threat was there to bypass the board of directors, controlled by big long-term investors, and go directly to the shareholders, many of whom would be happy to cash out for short-term gain. So the board was under major pressure to agree, even if they were somewhat reluctant. > it would be the agents (the reputable ones anyway) that would require stringent testing of the seekers That's a great way to get zero clients. ;-) It's one thing to go through all that crap to get a job, but who wants to go through all that crap just to get an agent? Not to mention, how is an agent even qualified to give a technical test to a software engineer. In real estate, a home inspection is required by the buyer's agent, not by the seller's agent. Sellers would rather not have that contingency. And the home inspection is only performed after the offer is accepted. > An agent that sells dud employees to employers will have zero clients much, much faster. An agent with a high placement and retention rate, well, people will be lined up around the block to become their clients. A new agent starts with zero clients. The beginning is "faster" than anything. You can't place any clients if you don't have any, so this is putting the cart before the horse. > As for houses, they can be visually be examined by the seller's agent. They are not going to take the seller's word for it that it has four bedrooms when they can see it only has two. Of course. But the linked article is "The 'working' job interviews that go too far". It discusses huge time-consuming pre-hire projects. This is not at all comparable to a walkthrough of a house. I've bought and sold, personally experienced the real estate market on both sides. Addendum: The seller's agent doesn't walk through the house to check whether the seller is lying about the number of rooms. Any buyer who goes to a showing will see the number of rooms immediately, nobody can get away with lying about that. The seller's agent walks through the house to estimate the list price of the house, to give the seller advice on how to best present the house, and to gather information for buyer questions. Also they need to take photos for the listing. I think you're misunderstanding the role of a real estate agent. The seller's agent is not the seller. The transaction is still directly between the seller and the buyer. Nobody buys a house because of the "reputation" of the seller's agent, that would be insanity. The purpose of an agent is to help their client through the process and give them advice. The seller's agent may hold open houses, but it's actually the buyer's agent who usually takes the buyer on a personal showing, so the seller's agent is not even there to "sell" the house to the buyer. A home inspection is not conducted by a real estate agent, it's conducted by a professional home inspector, it costs hundreds of dollars, it's paid for by the buyer, and it's not done until after the offer is accepted. I'm going on at length here because these facts should be obvious to anyone who has been on the real estate market. The way you describe agents in your imagination is not how real agents behave. > You can offer to buy a house knowing full well there are going to be problems which will show up in the surveyor's report. You can then adjust your offer accordingly. I think you mean home inspector, not surveyor? Problems: 1) The home inspection contingency has to be in the offer. 2) The buyer has to hire a professional, independent home inspector. You can't just send in anyone and make up stuff. 3) The seller has the opportunity to remedy any problems that arise in the inspection report. So in this case, by analogy, Twitter could do a mass purge of accounts under looser criteria than usual, taking out a bunch of spammers and likely a bunch of innocent accounts at the same time. Then the deal would still have to go through at the original price. In home buying, I've never heard of anyone taking this strategy you're suggesting. It would be reckless and probably not work as you hoped. Once an offer is accepted by the seller, it's very hard to get out. If you suspect there are significant problems with the house that need repair, and the seller knows there are significant problems, it would be extremely extremely dumb to make a higher offer than you'd pay, hoping the home inspection will save you. This is rather bizarre reply to me, because I myself was replying to someone who made the analogy with home buying, and I was trying to explain how the analogy didn't even work. To make an analogy, it's like if I asked you why you're talking about home buying. ;-) > Imagine you agreed to buy a house and the house gets set on fire, dropping the value by 30%? Wouldn't you try to renegotiate or get out of the contract? Those contingencies are written into the offer. This is why you have a real estate agent, they know what they're doing. You don't need to illegally break the contract, because it'll already be in the contract. You mean exit clause? That's exactly what I was talking about, so I don't understand your reply. > like many very successful people, I think he exhibits some clear manic depressive and ADHD traits Do you have any evidence to back this? There are people both successful and unsuccessful who have these conditions, but I've never got the impression that they're a common trait of successful people. It seems to be a common but fallacious inference nowadays that if you act like a jerk, then you must be telling the truth. "Truth tellers don't hold back" or some such nonsense. Jerkiness becomes proof of truth. > I have found this to be the biggest myth of Twitter: it is nearly useless for content marketing. I've found Twitter to be essential to my business. Perhaps you're looking at it too "directly", in terms of traffic analysis. What's important in my opinion is "worth of mouth" advertising. You have a circle of friends on Twitter, your friends recommend your product to their friends, and so on. If your Twitter content is interesting and valuable, you might even get members of the media to follow you. Or at least members of the media might be following one of your followers and happens to see your product that way. > I wish the technical people I follow on Twitter would leave the politics out, I follow them for their technical insights. You need a very large muted keywords list. There are web browser extensions that are pretty good at improving the web site. > I'm genuinely curious if you've measured this, and how you determined the impact of twitter on your business. Well, Twitter is basically my only form of promotion. :-) I've tried a number of forms of advertising, the results of which I can measure directly, but I've lost money every time, so I usually don't bother with that. There are times when I can measure Twitter's impact directly. For example, I once had a very viral tweet that immediately resulted in a massive sales week. Admittedly, that's pretty rare though. I wonder if Twitter wasn't better in the early days when there were no stats, and a "retweet" was just someone typing "RT" followed by copy and pasting the tweet. > So you are for peaceful/voluntary online segregation of people who don't share your values. Does this translate to the real world? Of course it does. It's called having friends. If you're having a conversation in a restaurant, and a stranger at another table overhears you and decides to interrupt with their contrary opinion, do you "owe" them an argument, or do you tell them to mind their own business and go away? And then will the interrupter whine, "A restaurant is a public place! If you wanted to have a private conversation, you should have had dinner at home." There's almost no situation IRL where you're arguing with strangers. That only happens online. I deleted my Twitter account in 2012 because they removed RSS support. (I returned 4 years later, because unfortunately my leaving did not kill Twitter.) I wrote one for iOS and macOS: https://underpassapp.com/tweaks/ There are some in the Chrome Web Store too, though I don't have links.