Perhaps he learned something in the last 4 years that persuaded him to allow these things? Or perhaps the president is actually not so powerful as to overturn laws and policies passed by congress? Maybe we should be raging at congress for allowing these things in the first place? In secret hearings and committees with closed doors? Why do they know what castles are without knowing if there are rivers? Peer review is receiving a bad review, no pun intended. Please remember that good journals exist, and insiders know good from bad. A bad acceptance from a heretofore-unknown journal with a seeming credible title is not indicative that all peer review is flawed or done by impatient baboons. And I say this having had a terrible time getting a decent review in recent conferences. But my journal review process has been largely positive, helping to improve my paper significantly, even if they miss some things. Certainly, when I receive a paper to review, I and my colleagues give it our best shot, but we largely work only for the established upper-echelon in our field. I have access to the article. This statement is key: "By increasing libido, higher T may encourage mateseeking behavior." Of course testosterone drops when you find a mate. You don't have to fight for one any more. They go on to show that it further decreases when you have children. Since virility is affected by T levels, it's a good hypothesis that having kids is likely a trigger to reduce the risk-seeking behavior in males after children are born. It's kind of a "no duh" result in that light, and they sought to find evidence that supports this hypothesis. However, they are clear to state that they cannot address causation directly. "High-T men may be less likely to enter stable, romantic relationships. Additionally, affiliative interactions with a partner may decrease T levels, in turn reducing mating effort. We also expect T variation within the group of paired men to be consistent with variation in mating effort, although we are not able to test this with our data set. For example, it may be that paired-male T levels will be highest during times of sexual activity with a partner (as suggested in Hirschenhauser et al., 2002) or that variation in the strength of the pair bond might explain variance in T levels among paired individuals. These are all topics for which longitudinal data would be of great help in teasing apart cause and effect." Science is built on layers and layers of dull data collection (like this one). But yah, a no-duh result that doesn't come through is fun. Exactly, this is an argument against mandating helmet use, not against the personal decision to wear / not wear a helmet. I would offer that the subtle point missed in coding interviews is the ability of the interviewer to judge the flexibility, poise, and social skills of the interviewee. That seemed very important during my interviews. This may be why the best advice is to "talk it out" Any yay-or-nay judgements based on hastily-written program output should be taken with a grain of salt by both parties. Great. So if you run a lot (long distance cardio), you get a marked increase in new brain cells. What brain cells? The part of the nervous system that regulates (wait for it) breathing and metabolism. No kidding. This is like the study [citation missing] that showed a huge increase in brain cell generation for seniors playing wii fit ... in the area of the brain that regulated fine motor skills. The "Brain" is not a general-purpose computing resource. Until someone can show that these skill-specific increases can translate to IQ or (better) improved long-term creativity and happiness, take them with a grain of salt. More bullets for the roulette game. The oil-rich desert version of science fiction is seeming more realistic. Do you really imagine that everyone not in the first world is constantly suffering? That is a first-world perspective: Claiming that only first-world-ers can be happy through adversity. https://www.hhs.gov/about/news/2016/07/28/hhs-forges-unprece... HHS has a joint initiative with UK-based research foundations. I really wish an easy non-profit foundation existed that I could throw some change at. Here's some more information: http://www.openphilanthropy.org/research/cause-reports/antib... Managers are the business API. Engineers are the core functionality. Oh look, it's the new mindfulness. Here's something from six years ago ish with similar results (faster) https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=qok636pe_qw I work with electrical engineers, mechanical engineers, and mathematicians, and computer science students, all who program pretty darn well. The programming is incidental to solving real world problems. If your job is to crank out code which envelops someone else's design solution, it doesn't really matter what courses you took in undergrad, as an undergrad education of any kind is just a very broad introduction to many things, in the hope that one will "stick" for employment. ROS is great! It's mostly an IPC framework, and very thinly wraps DDS. We use it extensively for prototyping and simulation at NASA JPL. We even have a closed-source version that improves many of the shortcomings for real-world deployment or NASA flight projects. I highly recommend ROS as a starting point to anyone looking to get into robotics development. https://www-robotics.jpl.nasa.gov/tasks/showTask.cfm?FuseAct... Well, no. ROS 2 does a few things that our stack already does. ROS is a wonderful platform for open source / academic development and building community. We have a fairly tight requirement when doing gov / nasa work that doesn't always work with that model. A whole bunch of things! I won't bore you, but you can imagine the pain points a team must have solved to deploy it for real: ROSCORE: a single point of failure. This immediately has a bunch of negative implications on prototyping small nodes and scaling to large systems. No concept of vehicles, sensors, resources to interact with, and so on. You have to look up what topic to subscribe to, deal with their ad-hoc message types, etc just to connect to a process managing a part of a vehicle / robot. No semi-persistent data storage is built in, meaning you need separate databases, intra-process shared memory, etc. Zero multi-agent awareness. You'd have to solve a bunch of problems like adding / disconnecting robots from whomever is running roscore (we don't have one!). Abysmal command and data routing, and no sub-structures that make it easy to verify commands, ensure the right nodes are in charge, display statuses, discover what nodes are running on a system and how to command them, and so on. And convenience stuff, like ROS has no command editor for easily scripting a vehicle's actions, without need for programming (though you can program all you want). And no legacy. We have access to some tried-and-true code-bases here to incorporate. I agree with your assessment, but disagree with your recommendation. I sincerely doubt ROS will be used in its current state for legitimate autonomy. It can seem half-assed because it is fastly changing . I think your DDS comments apply nicely to OpenDDS, and I sincerely hope that the spotlight of ROS2.0 will improve OpenDDS significantly. ROS is a good platform to study and learn. It is not something you'll find in a car in a garage. But it is worth it, because there are similar-enough platforms used for actual, real-world applications that would impress even the most curmudgeonly programmer. Such as ... https://www-robotics.jpl.nasa.gov/tasks/showTask.cfm?FuseAct... If you don't need inter-process communications, you don't need ROS. Caveat: ROS is for research into robotics systems and algorithms. You can pick up your fav language, write something up, and use a thin IPC library (pub / sub) to tie it into the ecosystem. Otherwise, it quickly becomes impossible to share portable modules and code libraries (all written in different languages, mind you). The alternative: Sticking to their language and compiling in their library or dealing with their dependency chain ... is much worse. It can be. But it has a medium-level initial complexity so that it can scale really well to very complex systems (see caveats above). So there's a learning curve, sure. But when you want to jump on a new system, or prototype a small algorithm on a large system, ROS will save you a lot of trouble. Also it's everywhere . Any academic or industry roboticist will know and probably use ROS, at least for prototyping. Of course the network could operate with less competition. But it is designed to incentivize participation. The temptation to dominate the network / hash power inevitably produces high energy usage. Again, by design. I'm not sure that's a liberal standpoint, and admitting the reality of some people associating bitcoin mining with "wasteful" energy usage is not a flaw in logic. Agree. Bitcoin is a fun experiment / proof of concept. I'd add that I hope we will eventually tackle the energy problem, hopefully without throwing away the good parts of decentralization / distributed ledgers. It might be optimistic, but I think many early technological revolutions bring learning costs and risk environmental damage. Once you tie the benefits of bitcoin to something as tangible as the "benefits" of a weekend in Vegas, people will back off the application as the problem. If grid energy is renewable, bitcoin is not a problem, and actually helps push increasing energy infrastructure. In the ideal world... Well, let's clean up the energy grid and stop blaming consumers? All NASA centers have a need for web front-end designers and data visualization interfaces. [source: I work at JPL]. Feel free to apply, we could use you. To "build chops" I'd suggest doing some side projects in displaying data, especially using data sources like http://stuffin.space/ I've lived through a couple of design reviews for flight software and hardware, and I can tell you this is spot on. The emphasis is on minimal delta from previous products, absolutely nothing remotely risky, and complete assurance of functionality before launch. I work at JPL and have begun using the ION implementation of DTN as part of a distributed computing research project. The development of this stack is very active, and momentum is pretty solid internally. It wouldn't surprise me to see more use of DTN in the near future. The lead devs are active and responsive despite being promoted away from front line work most of the time. Also, this is TRL 8/9, so ION / DTN is pretty stable. I actually think IoT is a great application, as devices become producers, but also relays for messaging. The use case for this functionality is orbiter relay, but there's nothing to prevent any moving agent to be a "router" in DTN, no matter how long it's offline. This. I work with state of the art radar systems and automated target recognition / tracking. It's common to have false tracks jumping out of the noise. These tracks can accelerate zero to thousands, jump positions and altitides, whatever you imagine. If you build a machine to track jitters in electromagnetic returns and let it run wild, it'll show you all kinds of amazing things. I think that's spot on. They are holding the stock price for ransom. Public taxi services in clement weather with on-board backup drivers is a far, far cry from full legal, hands-off autonomy. We have a big bucket of cash to do exactly that in the Mars2020 rover and other similar initiatives from other countries. It'll culminate with a cache of samples of martian soil returned to earth for experiments. I sincerely doubt anybody, regardless of money, could get a rover there sooner to find soil samples. Under works: Cliff climbing robots to look at ice and water flows, quads to survey large areas up close and quickly, and man more. It's progressing as fast as it can, but is often sidetracks by the whims of new administrations (moon! no, Mars! no, Moon!). I personally believe that much of the requirements on bio-diesel and other crop-fed fuel sources are likely at least half motivated by courting heartland swing states. The article implies that machine learning will solve everything. I cannot imagine that's actually the case. This looks like an attempt to sell Yet Another Cloud Framework by combining keywords. Yep! Every single autonomous system I'm aware of (and that I'm allowed to speak about) has such a system designed in from the ground up. The article presupposes we allow "intelligence" handle all decision making, which seems ridiculous even in biological systems, let alone those we design for a single purpose. Either the author works on toy systems, or is being disingenuous. These are not problems with AI, they are problems with using only AI, and no viable-for-development system that I'm aware of in industry does that. This is absolutely a case where an autonomous system should have out-performed a manned system. Lasers see through darkness very well. A camera-only system is insufficient. > Why would AI-driven vehicles not have dedicated, single-purpose subsystems such as anti-collision? I mean, are we going to also remove ABS, because the AI could learn to modulate the brakes itself? How much are we going to push into AI, when the purpose-built systems are both functional and effective? This makes me want to pull my hair out. No reasonable system relies on AI from top to bottom. Take this article with a grain of salt, it is attacking a straw-man. I smell a straw man argument. Testing, sure. But flight testing is for [TRL]( https://www.nasa.gov/directorates/heo/scan/engineering/techn... ) 6 or 7, after the tech is demonstrated, spec'd, built, and entering late stage R&D before being pitched for technology demonstration on real missions. EM drive is TRL 1 or 2. Sure! But trusting the power companies to continue to "do the right thing" and buy up all that cheap land for solar power doesn't seem worthwhile. This certainly could read "New homes must be powered by 20% solar", of which rooftop is a viable option, but I wonder how far that legislation would go. I'll take baby steps. That's exactly where it came from. In the event of Gsussian noise, linear state transition and linear measurement, KF yields the exact posterior. Both unscented and extended refer to non-linear measurement or state transition equations. Neither are designed for non gaussian noise. Though the KF and it's variants are one of the simplest, well-performing estimation methods out there, so it wouldn't suprise me if it's used for everything, appropriate or not. Can you explain why you feel NASA is a jobs program? There's certainly a much larger, constant-stream funding source going to national defense and national sciences. NASA is being paid to continue our usually unprofitable interests in space. Everything else falls under the non-compete restriction. Also, NASA employs some highly employable folks who would make much more in private industry. The article is about congress using NASA to send money to their districts by building out the lift program. Thats Congress being dumb. NASA may have become a jobs program, but it isnt supposed to be, and Musk is a response to that, in my mind. "A surprise billion dollars may sound good. But while adding money to “Space Operations,” the Appropriations Committee also cut $660 million from NASA’s science, aeronautics, and space technology programs that build the telescopes, observatories, planes, and landers that make the agency so beloved. In justifying this decision, the committee wrote that the rocket “is the nation’s launch vehicle that will enable humans to explore space beyond current capabilities.”" Very cool! Where can I get a playlist for work that sounds like this spacey atmospheric music so I don't have to leave this tab open? Does anyone else work to this type of sound? I sometimes listen to the original diablo soundtrack, homeworld and homeworld 2, and sometimes even starcraft. Also the voyager radiosounds are pretty good too! https://soundcloud.com/josh-v-17/sets/working/s-ALPrL My advisor said if you were getting a 4.0, you were wasting your valuable research and development time on homework. Nobody cares much about GPA, when you could have built something amazing instead. Of course, GPA didn't improve his tenure chance as much as our R&D so, take that into consideration. Who calls evolutionary algorithms new? This title could have been written in 1994 if they had just used the term ANN instead of deep-learning. People were writing books about this way back then. On 1. 10 planets equally radially spaced dont cause a wobble like 1 going fast. Also 10 planets equally spaced are quickly not equally spaced due to differing orbit vel. 10 isn't the problem, assuming aliasing is the problem. From what I can tell, this is an exact replica of what's displayed in the spaceflight operations facility in JPL. The direction, speed, and density of waves are indicative of the direction, data rate, and data volume of the tx/rx from deep space missions. I just pipe lines to xsel. Not elegant, but works. > AFTER a PhD is finished they can go on and try to influence society using their skills, or not. Exactly this. The primary skill developed during a PhD (for me, and those around me), is knowing the difference between: 1. solutions that can be pulled from literature (bake), 2. solutions that should be easy to assemble from existing solutions (buy), 3. what technology requires a small-to-medium delta above and beyond the bleeding edge (build) All those are research, but far too often (3) is what everyone targets. At my job, leadership and mgmt responsibilities are given before promotion, and those who do well are promoted to management much later. Those who do not do well in managrment are instead promoted if they stuck to what they are good at. Oh also, promotions and raises are seperate. One is responsibility change, one is salary change. This doesn't seem hard. Maybe this blog can survive on a single server answering direct calls from modems, but last time I checked, decentralization of content delivery was the rule, not the exception. Centralized content with decentralized systems won. And they're doing so well it all appears centralized. I don't know OPs original intent, but I would have interpreted that as heterogeneity of socio-economic status. India has a very wide income disparity from the poorest to the richest. Your post is just as true with "The cause is simple, most programmers rarely check to see if writes to disk succeed", but is somewhat more credible. I love the basics of ROS, but good lord they crammed far too much "into it" for it to only sit on one (or a few closely related) operating systems. If you build an ecosystem on top of an operating system, at least make it OS independent. (python+pip anyone?) Having said that, it did great things to bring together the community and kill the fragmented landscape of robotics. (Does anyone remember the 2000s-2010s and all the custom, proprietary robot abstraction layers that were built up? Awful.). Clearpath and a number of small vendors partnered well with ROS, pushing the BS off the stage. But it hasn't aged well ... The messaging and logging is the only useful component (for me / my teams). The codebases / nodes are abysmally intertwined, over cohesive, and lack a nice unixy modular architecture that I'd expect with something built on top of a message passing layer. The central point of failure is often a very real point of failure in spotty networking environments (dropping from wifi can kill your whole stack, even if all messages are local machine only) DDS is nice, but everyone serious is pretty much already using it (mil / aero), esp because of shared memory transport. So it's great that they were dragged forward ... but it doesn't quite feel like the big leap that ROS 1.0 was. Agree, these are, from a certain perspective, justified costs. > I live in the embedded / hardware world but my colleagues working on the higher level software tend think all of the above is necessary for dealing with the hundreds of packages and dependency hell that come with the "modular" robot software approach. But it's not a huge step to push your packages to debian, and after that rosdep feels totally unnecessary. > That said, the popular packages in the ecosystem for simulation, planning, robot modeling, etc seem powerful. Community developed ROS "drivers" (middleware integration) are also useful so you don't reinvent the wheel for off the shelf hardware integration. I agree 100%. Screams "promoted post". Sir, you have nailed it. No serious robotics project deployed to date does anything more than Good Sensors + Good Geometry. And I do not think a revolution is required, just good old time. At some point the right balance of sensor quality and manufacturing processes will converge to be an affordable solution to highway driving. (broad daylight, then dusk, then maybe rain, etc etc). If history is any guide (airlines anyone?) This will come along piecemeal, and the CEOs being forced to make ridiculous promises to appease shareholder anxiety will be given nice scapegoat packages along the way. What a mess this article is. I'd buy three beers to hear more about this idea. Current acquisition model by AAA is buy-kill, rather than buy-subsidize. "Another test team reported that they caused a pop-up message to appear on users’ terminals instructing them to insert two quarters to continue operating." So to test for unknown bias and sensor anomalies, they put raw modelled data through the statistical machinery looking for homogenized outputs. This strikes me as wrong. If you want to know if your filter is bad, you plug in ground truth and add known noise models. If you want to know if your noise models are wrong, you cant do the same thing, you need to point your sensor at a known object (e.g. calibrate). They seemed to have done a cursory analysis of the former type, which is not the same as saying "our pea-pod hyoothesis is correct". Yes, we switched to media. Easier to distribute. I was on a flight and noticed a large number of modern war movies produced in China. They were quite like American "Blackhawk down" or "12 strong". Clearly meant to demonstrate the professionalism and ingenuity of their army vs the rest of the world. Tech companies employ non-stem skills all the time. Communication, marketing, branding, design, hr, so many more. I know an old lady who wrote history books who now works for a major financial company editing quarterly tech briefs for their high profile publications. She knows more about the workings and impact of bitcoin than I do by editing. She literally did bootstrap her knowledge at the age of 60. It takes all kinds and the maths-only stereotype needs to die. Anyone can help. You're suggesting buying pre-charged sun juice? That seems less helpful. TFA suggested you can have much less by recharging it, and did not suggest the fluid expires ever (suggested otherwise, actually). It holds energy for 18 years, but can be used in cycle forever. The revolution isn't as long term storage, it's as a closed cycle, carbon neutral, solar-powered energy capacitor with relatively high capacity per kg. Long term storage is just nice to have. Blueprint is the wrong analogy. Recipe book is more appropriate. There may be generic markers and genetic predisposition, but it's not because a person comes from a "long race of X" or "long family of Y". Even if that's true in fact it's wrong in policy. It's dangerous to consider some better than others. Changes to family traits may be slow, but can be cultivated! We should encourage and help all families and communities to improve their environment to bring about positive changes in their lives and children's lives. From TFA: "These are problems of emphasis rather than accuracy. But in a field as ethically fraught as genetics, even that can be troubling. For instance, as Mr Plomin notes, the size of the genetic component of a particular trait—its “heritability”—varies between different populations. The heritability of educational attainment in Norway has increased since the second world war as the country widened access to health care and schools, flattening out environmental effects. That trend seems, worryingly, to have reversed in America in the 21st century. The irony is that the heritability of many traits rises if states do more to provide for all their citizens equally." Oh man this brings me back to 5 CD jrpgs. We had to know it was inevitable. My personal experience with monitoring free testosterone matches this. Though I've never undergone treatments. For example, I only feel like myself when I'm regularly boxing (competitive, high volume anaerobic+aerobic, physically intense), spending time alone and outside, adhering to a higher fat diet/lower carb diet, occasionally blowing off work to do something else, and so on. What I take from this is that men respond well to testosterone. There are a number of testosterone boosting activities and foods that might help, including acute treatment when necessary. Glad this is getting recognition. Anecdotally, as an aggregate, my testosterone levels increase during phases of my life when I do those things. I suppose I am now required to look up references to support the following statements: 1. exercise without over-training boosts testosterone (maybe some middling results here: https://link.springer.com/article/10.1007/BF00441300 ) https://www.sciencedirect.com/science/article/pii/S174360951... 2. Reducing stress increases testosterone http://psycnet.apa.org/buy/2000-13208-002 3. High fat diet increases testosterone https://www.nature.com/articles/4500825 (and probably ref 33) 4. I should have also mentioned that my lifestyle often includes less drinking during these phases https://academic.oup.com/jcem/article-abstract/74/5/957/2875... 5. That i socalize more and skip work more as well. https://link.springer.com/article/10.1007/s00441-005-0006-2 and that taken as a whole, I feel more like myself, increasing self esteem, which may itself help. https://www.sciencedirect.com/science/article/pii/S136466131... Or you can look for pop blogs. https://www.artofmanliness.com/articles/how-to-increase-test... But of course, I just googled around for a bit to find one-off papers. It's a good starting point if I wanted to write a research paper on it, but I really don't. I wanted to provide my own experience, and have. Excellent point! I had forgotten about vitamin D as well. In addition to the technical arguments against this article, I say: "When a distinguished but elderly scientist states that something is possible, he is almost certainly right. When he states that something is impossible, he is very probably wrong." https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Clarke%27s_three_laws It seems clear to me that the role of genetics is to prepare you to survive/thrive in your parents' (and grandparents') environment. I would assume that as the environment changes over time, that the genetic makeup of their children would change (over generations), due to varying demands and "marrying up." Maybe environmental changes are limited to epigenetic changes, and "marrying up" produces the real genome variation, but still, the story is more complicated. A short-sighted focus on "keeping people where their genes fit" ignores our tendency to improve our communities by conscious effort, up to and (by collaboration) beyond our innate capabilities. I really dislike the focus on the individual and the "sorting problem", as distinct from the focus on community. There's a huge distinction between right in fact and right in policy. This is my research area! (JPL) Hm, now why would Amazon want to get into groundlink specialization? https://www.darpa.mil/attachments/HR001118S0032-Amendment-01... I only work with robotic astronauts. So, OP worked hard on a product that help OP, so that it would help others. OP did whatever it took to keep revenue coming in and learned a valuable set of skills along the way. Now OP is providing useful services to many users worldwide and making a living off it. Everyone has a disillusionment moment, and that's the real takeaway from this post, for me. The worst offense is two-world last names. If you give me one field that says "Full name" I may as well roll the dice to determine if the three strings I input in there are First Middle Last, First Last1 Last2, First1 First2 Last, etc. What blows my mind is these aren't really analogies, they are in fact mostly truth. Yeah it seems obvious you accept from friends and minimize leverage in rivals. There's no good, only better. And the percentage of total shares owned is the percentage of the company. Issuing more stock dillutes ownership. No sense adopting the progressive tax codes when inequality isn't a huge factor vs Progressive taxation causes income inequality Mitchell, Aurora have a PTAS for metric TSP that has a competitive factor something like O(1+1/c) and runtime O(N (logN)^O(c) ). For small factors, and c~=10 (Paper shows Amoeboid get about 90% of the best solution, apparently), I can see why it would look linear in the regime of N=[4,8]. I should mention, I don't think there's a working implementation of that PTAS however, and I only skimmed the article. https://www.wolframalpha.com/input/?i=x*log(x)%5E2 > most Is this possible? If so, then call it Data Science or Push-button analysis. You perfectly described all the non academic jobs I've ever had. Right. I've heard from friends in telco that Huawei techs would routinely open server racks during 3am service calls and photograph everything. This was years ago, but I'm guessing a company wide incentive program wouldn't get igored by many Huawei techs. ok. You've convinced me of the antecedent of the article and book: that we've found ourselves deliberately or accidentally in a society without true violence, and even largely without capacity for violence. Yet there is no alternative consequent, just some disdain for the fact that we have peaceful overtones in our culture. But do we? I get it, to a certain extent. I find deep connection when I fight in the gym, and it scratches an itch that I can't explain. We still have war, and still play at war in sports, video games, and TV/movies. We still idolize the scene in the Christmas Story where the bully gets his nose bloodied by reactive violence. We love to commit genocide against aliens, as long as they punch first. I think we subconsciously teach (in all these) violent response to aggressors. But we've decided that violence is a tool for retribution against aggressors (them), not a tool for dealing with in-group disputes (us). TFA equated capital punishment with ostracism. One of us becomes an outside. ( We don't do that, on penalty of prison or death). That's the point, to me. Preservation of the groups members by minimizing in-group competition makes the group more resilient against attacks by other groups. In a purely game-theoretic sense, This seems like an optimal strategy. Exactly. The expectation that any and every job should be a path to complete financial independence is ridiculous. US here: I'm baffled by the assumption that every single job must pay enough for a 1BR apt. When I was 14, I worked in fast food, and never expected to be able to afford anything other than hobby dollars. We have a shortage of totally-unskilled jobs that can support a family if both parents work, and that has translated into calls for things like increased minimum wage. But there is not a shortage of jobs for those willing to put a year or two into trade training, and those often pay well enough to buy a home in a small town. Many of the fastest growing jobs (bls.gov)[1] pay well over $10/hr and require little a priori skills. Here you can make 2-4 times that with no education [2] And here you can take 2 years of school to get a job that pays quite well[3]. Well enough to easily buy your own home and remain employed in a fast-growing sector for life. In some communities, those two years are paid for as long as you go to tech school in the same district you went to high-school in. This minimum wage argument hides the real opportunities. Re-training and education is the key. 1. https://www.bls.gov/ooh/most-new-jobs.htm 2. https://www.bls.gov/ooh/occupation-finder.htm?pay=%2455%2C00... 3. https://www.bls.gov/ooh/occupation-finder.htm?pay=&education... Not all code complies. But not all code flies. My experience has been that as a mission system passes gates in the years before launch, they asymptotically approach these standards, with exceptions approved by named individuals and reviewed. I doubt many institutional products or teams conform strictly on all projects. That'd be quite unproductive. Mars rovers don't iterate quickly. This was very much my experience when working on those teams. right. the house example is plain wrong. What I think the author should have used is a car. First, we design and test the suspension, then the wheels, then the brakes, etc until we have a working car from the ground up. Then we sell a lot of them. The OS / game engine /car example is frightening because you have no intermediate value until the whole thing comes together. hiccups propegate. However, an iterative approach would create a minumum feature version first. A car with no suspension, 25 HP, and one seat. An OS with virtually no drivers, targetting single arch, bad scheduler, single filesystem, and single user. These are, in aerospace analogies, testbeds in which you validate your long term vision while producing real things that can be sold, hyped, or used to look for improvements and bad assumptioms before the final product is produced. I completely agree with your statement that markets become saturated with Min Viable Products ... but that is what forces iteration. I agree with the author (and this isn't new knowledge) that iteratively buidling a better thing by expanding a pre existing thing helps you capture and scale. My opinion is this probably gets hard once that thing gets big, and starts to feel clunky, and thats where the big companaies do a "re-engineering" with a waterfall-like model. They can afford to take time to design soup-to-nuts because they are still selling the iterative MVP mutant that got them to dominance. Different strokes for different folks. Oh man ... https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/File:Cottingley_Fairies_1.jpg What is wrong with her hands: https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Cottingley_Fairies#/media/File... Clearly motion blur, but none in the supposedly flying fairy https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/File:CottingleyFairies3.jpg Looks exactly like roger-rabbit style splicing: https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/File:CottingleyFairies4.jpg How do you know the lake is real? Comparing rideshare to public transit, this tells me there's clearly a need for easier, faster transit even with higher pricing. Solution? Try to ruin it. Instead, maybe we should embrace it and provide incentives for ridesharing vs driving alone? E.g. give uber a lane on the highway for 2+ passengers and tax only single rider transits. Give a few lyft ride coupons with every monthly bus pass. Provide benefits to using busses (which are a terrible experience) by occasional free lyft rides ...