Well, I can transfer images from my A7ii to my phone in a few seconds. It's been done. No, you can't do full sensor readout at 960fps. You can only do 960fps by shooting at 2MP and keeping only 8 bits of data per pixel (or even less). Full sensor readout rates on phones are closer to 20-30 fps IIRC. And even that comes with caveats (no exposure adjustment, shutter speed must be faster than a certain amount, etc..). And that's at the low resolutions phones have. And then when you start hitting the limits of readout speed you start increasing rolling shutter issues and so on. Each country would have a given amount of vouchers say one per ten person to start and presumably only one individual could redeem them for the rebate otherwise its 50$ per month. Very disputable. They haven't made the .org tld, it wasn't a private resource (read: private as in used to generate profit), they just captured it and turned it into private property. It's still possible, but you will have statistical inaccuracies. If your analysis shows that say almost all events in this area can be abstracted up to this value without losing a significant amount of accuracy that makes the inner box smaller. Factor in our limited speed of travel and the one way nature of causality relative to us on the cosmic scale, you get a theoretically feasible simulation. I believe that due to our environment being based on "our type of math" and thus our thinking processes essentially running on that mathematical substrate in a way any mathematics you could imagine would just be an extension of our math and thus either there is no other math or we just can't imagine it. As for axioms and assumptions, it can work but it would probably be possible to formulate them in terms of existing math. And yet without thinking by themselves ordinary people won't be able to understand that philosophy, making it almost worthless given the underlying assumption that neglects the inherent value of philosophy. This can be well demonstrated by... Software engineers informally having viewpoints or ideas that were already refuted :) This does raise the question, what is the motivation for these vegans? Is it eliminating animal suffering, reducing global warming as farming is a major polluter, or are they actually just disgusted by animal products in general? As the article hints at, this claim only really makes sense if a sizeable section of the US is completely opposed to animal by-products independent of any ethical, moral or scientific component, just by innate disgust of eating anything that came from an animal. And I do believe the last category to be very fringe and small, and this would also mean being opposed to a large number of medical treatments. Personally, I don't think their claim holds any weight, unintentional cross contamination with beef isn't something the average vegan would find justifiably outrageous in a restaurant that also serves beef, and as far as allergies go anyone that has allergies should be asking around for cross contamination in a restaurant that specializes in what they are allergic from. Not exactly. While you could claim that due to technological advances a person working a low skilled job at full time in 2019 is better off than someone doing an equivalent job in 1980, you fail to take into account that in 2019 that person would be by major guidelines in a much worse position, ie, no hope of owning a house, taking public transit, can't support a family in a city, less likely to be in a supportive union, and so on. In the things that matter, the person in 2019 is worse off. And at the same time, a worker in 2019 has wildly increased productivity compared to one in 1980. So in a sense, purely by the standard of what they produce, they make more but has less baseline property and amenities. This is an issue. It's no coincidence that rich people have proportionally gotten much much richer in these 40 years, and it has 100% come at a cost to the majority. They possess essentially no power in labour negotiations, and most of them live under the yoke of debt. Capitalism is literally allowing greed to run wild and almost completely unchecked. It's the driving force behind greed being such a force in 2019. Working poor != working homeless I come from Morocco. There, until recent times, most left the family house to go buy their first home, after their first real job. "Renter" was an insult because you had to be really poor to have to rent. Now that speculation and foreign investment is flooding the housing markets and land prices have literally went up 3000x in some cities, it's changing. It's not a first world dream, it's a problem that's rising everywhere around the world. For religious people, there is really no sense to be made out of it. I say this as a Muslim. I did address alpha-gal by saying that those who have allergies should be mindful of cross contamination in restaurants that serve the stuff they are allergic to. Nope. https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Private_property I can't speak for the rest of Québec, but Montréal's public transit is pretty good. You can definitely make it without a car there. There are good FOSS reddit clients for android. Build one then install it. The very idea of "corporate mindfulness" goes against the logic that led to mindfulness, and ultimately it only helps in misdirection as to what the issue really is. Or to massively decentralize so that you need to bring down the entire network. Good thing that computing power also scales exponentially with time then. So prosperous that raising the price of public transit by a few dollars has led to widespread protests. Isn't that basically just doing signal processing on the Fourier transform, because you know the Fourier series in advance? Yes, you don't need doing any fourier transform, but it seems to me to be equivalent to doing signal processing after a fourier transform with the knowledge that it's a pure tone. You forget Samsung. In Morocco at least they do ask for your passport if you want free or discounted cell service, but you can always go to a corner store and just get a Sim card from there. And yet they still are ahead of Intel. Because of the way floating point numbers work, you'd get an accurate amount for both cases, as it's really the number of significant figures, not decimals. Well, at least in Morocco when I lived there I got my SIM card from the corner store and used it for a good year and a half. They would have absolutely no grounds to sue. At all. There are already lying DNS servers, they haven't seen any legal threat for this exact reason. Tons of organizations also redirect DNS for their network. Form what I remember that AI could only do one pose. Not nearly as much in 2019's modern societies. And probably close to an order of magnitude worse. The attacker would be shifting screen sizes, in the given justification of bots. Time to add random delay and noise then. They just have to give it a massive fine. Then they can block it for failure to pay. Al-Shabab, but yes. This doesn't matter anyways, consoles haven't been sold at a loss for almost a decade. Because at least with make install you can have some trust in the delivery method, ie encrypted git or whatever. If you use just plain http.... I'm fine with the second too as long as the host is trustworthy and it's always https. Most of the time it isn't. Ericsson, Nokia You're thinking of a union. There should be a software developers' union. It's a valid remark on how companies do tend to treat their workers as little more than livestock. While it is denunciatory, the subject deserves denunciation. See the thing is you didn't do the work, they did. If you can't get anyone to make the tech yourself then that's just how it is. If they decide to make the tech and it is worth 250 million then pay up, or live without it, or try to make an equivalent in house. You don't own your team, you will do whatever is in your best interest and so will they. I disagree both with the premise that denuncing realities of the industry that go unnoticed in a relevant context prevents intellectual curiosity (I believe that as long as it isn't a bandwagon, it actually triggers interesting discussion), and I disagree with the slippery slope argument you present, as it seems quite unfounded. It's one of the reasons I use OpenStreetMaps, despite it's shortcomings. Uh, no. Lenovo and Samsung manage to make better HMDs than the Rift S for 250$. The only disadvantage they have is slightly smaller tracking area, but that's not cost, the cameras are like 2$ each. The only reason the Index costs 1000$ is because its absolutely cutting edge and its controllers and tracking systems are expensive. If it had inside out tracking and normal controllers it would be around the price of the Index. Well, system that has brain wave data and full information on your visual feed and body position and movement can do quite a bit of correlation It depends on just how huge the model is. Some models take multiple seconds to run/backpropagate and might take hundreds of gigabytes of memory, in which case it could be useful. CFD estimations actually put it to be a bit more aerodynamic than the F-150, actually. As we're starting to see, it was mostly Intel not keeping up, actually. Moore's law is mostly holding up till today, and probably for a couple more years before we really have to switch paradigms. The C-Series is using carbon wings, and an absolute fuckton of carbon fiber everywhere. I've seen tech that goes into their carbon fiber parts and geometries, it's incredibly impressive, and I'm confident Bombardier more or less got it down. Not to forget a joint venture with Canada. I'm actually relatively confident that you could get it down to 8-9 seconds to the basic X environment with an NVMe SSD and maybe even less if you were to cache some application states. Great UX is worse than fusion - at least once we get fusion done it'll be worked out, but UX will always be on the brink of regression. Wouldn't even dumping literally all ram contents take only a few seconds on an NVMe drive? It's probably something else. What you're doing is probably much more expensive in the long run than buying a GPU or using a dedicated rendering service. Ryzen threadripper supports ECC memory actually. And most server grade features you could think about. OVH is older than AWS and profitable as it is. Nope. It's just that GPUs carried the mantle. If you have a massively parallel number crunching application you should bite the bullet and port it to GPU, and you'll see a truly massive FLOP/$ increase. And unlike processors GPU performance is still rising 35-45% per generation, although that will slow if NVidia gets too far ahead. Also, if your goal is to get optimal cost/FLOP and you are computing pretty much constantly then you shouldn't be using the cloud, to be honest. If you are IO limited or if you have burst use then maybe, but for cost/FLOP the kings are still consumer GPUs and Threadrippers, by very far and large. Inch precision localization isn't out of the grasp of human drivers. Kimi Raikkonen at Monaco coming millimetetd from the walls repeatedly comes to mind. It also isn't out of the abilities of a bog standard optical SLAM+IMU. AMD is a fabless semiconductors company. They are more akin to low-level software than to the majority of hardware companies. When steam came out, there wasn't scalable cloud infrastructure, they didn't have literally billions of dollars, are there weren't any real expectations. Epic games pretty much has no excuse. Intellij only succeeds due to open source community editions. Not true. There are quite a few jobs that I would do for free, but I so happen to need food and shelter. So far, these are taxes, not tariffs. If they want to charge it to only foreign cars, then they would be tariffs. If they are tariffs, then that will fuck their trade deals, and their domestic car industry. Which they are not in position to suffer. It's just not scaled up enough yet. Many modern firewalls do Deep Packet Inspection, so obfuscation might be needed too. You can run gnome desktop no matter which login system you use. You just have go launch it accordingly. That's a hack. Deep packet inspection will almost invariably be able to recognize ssh/scp from the packet sizes, the patterns, the ports and so on. You really do need some kind of obfuscation. Starbucks won't catch it, but I know for a fact my former high school does, for example. Nope, you can buy LTE capable dumb phones. My local Walmart has them. I would do it. I get cell service over WiFi. It has absolutely no downsides for me. Yes, and the consequence is that there is a shortage of pilots and prices are rising back up. In the age of industrial warfare, economic output matters a huge deal to winning. China was overtaken by the West massively before it got subjugated. If that wasn't the case they wouldn't have let it happen. No it didn't. The first opium wars, at the start of the century of humiliation, began in 1839. Industrialization began in the 1780s. It was literally heavily armed, iron armored steamships versus middle-ages style sailboats. The Chinese were completely fucked at every single level economically compared to Great Britain, and that's why they lost. They literally didn't stand a chance due to their poor technological level, and that was pretty much their fault. Using GDP to measure economical supremacy when the two economies are as wildly incomparable as industrialized Great Britain and the agrarian Qing Dynasty is misleading at every single level. Yeah, China could grow hundreds of times more rice than Great Britain ever could. But Qing China wasn't able to make machine guns, it wasn't able to make steamships, it wasn't able to make any industrial equipment. And that's how Great Britain with 50 million people militarily crushed Qing China. It's because China failed to keep up with technology and lost it's massive lead during the renaissance. That meant that it got lost in the dust in the industrial wars of the time. It's really, honestly, a massive mistake that the Qing Dynasty made by not following western developments and not trying to industrialize despite its massive resources. It's economy was just a lot worse. Like, GDP per capita per year around 300$ (2019 dollars) bad. And that's what led to the century of humiliation, that plus their failure to adapt and industrialize when they had the chance, believing that they could buy the capabilities to face off with a modern army. I never said that Britain was justified in any way in the Opium Wars, far from it. But that's irrelevant to my point anyways. Britain had ulterior problems than the trade imbalance with China. Throwing out 2.6 million pounds of opium (weight) and refusing to talk about it as you denied an embassy, because you saw yourself as a higher form of civilization than those pesky barbarians in the east of the world did absolutely nothing to help, which is why incidentally Russia France and the US were supportive despite not having the same problem as Britain. Refusing to consider a peace treaty, torturing POWs, killing messengers and so on is also a good part of why the opium wars actually went through, there were quite a few times parliament almost shut it down, and I'm pretty sure were it not for the insult that Qing China kept imposing due to their frankly stupid feudal bureacracy and It is true that opium had a large part in it and the British did like the tax revenue it gave. But, as it happens, the fact that China wasn't particularly interested in British manufactured goods isn't relevant to that question, because the fact that China wasn't interested in industrializing its vast worker base has nothing to do with the benefits of industrialization. Your analysis of steamships is incorrect, by the way. 6 British steamships sunk hundreds of Chinese ships, and were able to manoeuvre in ways that Chinese didn't know were possible at all. They also single handedly destroyed hundreds of artillery pieces and by virtue of being able to access shallower waters and going against wind and current so easily they were able to attack Naval fortifications from a side they weren't designed to protect from, destroying them, and were able to carry firepower comparable to entire Chinese fleets. Read about the individual Naval battles in the first Opium war, it's actually incredible just how efficient steamships were since the very beginning of the Opium Wars. They were literally a hard counter to the entire Chinese arsenal, except for land-based artillery of course. My claim of GDP being a good proxy for military capability was prefaced by specifying it applied to industrialized warfare only. And it works pretty damn well, actually, if you take into account morale and readiness. Not realizing it at the time is a mistake that Hitler made invading the USSR, costing him his life, and a mistake Hirohito made despite the warnings of Yamamoto, which lead to Japan losing WW2. Its pretty damn accurate assuming two stable nation states and factoring in the monetary equivalent of throwing bodies at the enemy. Yes, the Naval blockade of the US couldn't use steamships because they didn't have enough of them to block the entire shoreline of the US while keeping them supplied. The geography of the Chinese blockades were incredibly different. Chinese logistics were centered around the main rivers, since, you know, no real infrastructure. The British only had to blockade rivers in order to cripple the Chinese economy. China being a huge exporter of low-value added goods and materials, it was simply impossible for Britain to balance the trade equation. The fact that that simple proposition had to lead to a war is a good insight on why we got rid of the gold standard. Also, even before the industrial revolution, I can think of about 10 counter examples to production capability being the main driving force behind military victory, actually. Logistics and keeping your armies fed was possibly the biggest factor behind pre-industrial empires. Saying that the industrial revolution brought no benefit to warfare until the later half of the 18th century is positively ridiculous. Using industrial weaponry European powers were able to impose disgusting imperialist régimes in a flash, because it was a huge advantage. To most of their enemies, it simply was economically and technologically (two sides of the same coin) impossible to fight back. But you can figure this one out yourself :) I'm sorry but this is ridiculous. China was 20% of overseas tax revenue for the British Empire, and the US wasn't selling any notable amount of opium Pointing out that there were more casus belli than what you think doesn't mean I believe any of them justified the wars. But, Qing China objectively saw the British Empire as lower than them, and objectively refused diplomatic channels that might have avoided this mess due to their perceived racial and cultural superiority. As in many things, it wasn't completely one sided. And yes, the flayed and tortured British Officiers for no reason but to see them suffer. You are completely clueless as to naval military technology of the time. Steamships did in fact have sails. They only used their steam engines in war situations. The steamships used in the Opium Wars were literally iron ships. The were superior in every single way to Chinese ships, which literally could not counter them at all. It was total naval domination due to technology, nothing else. Yes, the fact that the Chinese central government had terrible intel due to the nature of their terrible feudal bureaucracy played a role. However, the British were able to beat down fleets and armies far far far bigger than their own, repeatedly, in enemy territory. Plainly, they won because they had iron ships with the steam engine. That is the product of industrialization. Your perceived notion of the industrial revolution is wrong, that what you say is the start of the industrial revolution is actually after the end of the industrial revolution. Also, tea, porcelain and fine china are either raw resources, in the case of tea, or artisan work. They aren't industrial goods at all, and are the hallmark of a poor economy. China in the last 50 years is absolutely not that. While a lot of their goods are of lower quality, they are industrially produced goods, not artisan goods. That's because the CCP, even since Mao, for all their faults, recognized the mistakes of the Qing and began to mass industrialize. Telegram without GCM is incredibly fast. Compared to my computer with the app/website open, it's at most one second slower, and often times faster at delivering messages, even on battery saver. It also uses less than a percent of my battery per day if I don't open the app, and was 2% of my battery usage in the last two days despite being on the app for close to an hour. Telegram is GPL, I think it would be worth it to see how they use it, because it honestly is absolutely incredible. Yes but the implementation of the notification handling is impressive on the client side. The server side software as far as this is concerned should be easily deducible and isn't the interesting part. It's been a while ago but I think it was either a Kyocera, or one of those Samsung dumb phones. Otherwise there's also the 3310 refresh, although that's 3G. Cool, but an alternative will probably be made in the following months or wreks from the ashes of Corellium if you're correct, except that it won't be public this time, and they might not ever know about it. Security wise, that's the worst move they could do. The only argument for copyright abuse bring theft that is even remotely reasonable is that it possibly causes lost revenue/sales. If it doesn't, and in this case it can't, then there is absolutely no argument for it being theft that holds any more water than a sieve. So you pull a Telegram and create a good alternative to APN/Firebase. SGX is crypto that is already exploited and broken, it offers no real use in this context. Oh, and I forgot, you do need to essentially blindly trust Intel. Access can be defined as a subset of patient outcome for some definitions of patient, that I would argue are the ones that should be used. There's an additional advantage to the Kobo. The whole operating system is just on an SD card, unencrypted. You can copy it, image it, edit, modify it and so on very, very easily and it's impossible to brick it as long as you made a copy of the SD card. Wine and Proton are the last solution, and work exceedingly well, but companies such as EA are banning people that use those solutions for well no good reason. Well actually, they are allowed in the automotive world, re: Tesla. They won't necessarily lower the standard for some applications if the alternative is just regular people at the wheel. You know, all those same things are true of a lightweight XFCE or Mate Linux desktop. They've been true for over a decade now. Incidentally, I put Xubuntu on my grandma's computer for a few years. None, yet. But I don't see why it would be completely impossible. Also, Apple is what, 20% of market share? Less? Why compromise for 80% of users because 20% use a locked down ecosystem (read: jail) voluntarily? That complexity is useful and justified. Yes, but it's barely better when reconstructing the social graph is so easy. Also, Matrix offers a possible alternative. You can easily cheat in a multiplayer game no matter what. There is currently no counter to driver/ring 0 cheats. If you wanted to cheat there are much easier ways than a complete Linux install. Also there is an EAC version made for Wine. Obviously it can't counter cheats executing at Ring 0 or something similar, but it's the same for every OS. You're right, almost none of them do. There are many problems with the headline. First of all, a lot of Denuvo games no one cares about, either due to low popularity or because they aren't very different to the older, cracked version. These are a dozen of games that add times in the multiple hundreds of hours, warrantlessly. Second, cracking groups often voluntarily hold off on cracking games so that they are already updated by then. Often for multiple weeks to a month, where you see the crack to be on yesterday's update. In reality, I'd estimate cracking times to be around one or two weeks, with some high profile, usable at launch games to be cracked in hours. It's stateless the same way Chrome OS is: you put a systemd-timer on sudo apt-get update && sudo apt-get upgrade, and you only use the web browser and libreoffice. ChromeOS also has a package manager and a full local filesystem, you just don't see it. Don't touch it on and XFCE debian derivative and it's the exact same. Yes, because the benchmark was using spinlocks incorrectly. There are many places where the Linux scheduler is more responsive, even in gaming, exactly because of what makes spinlocks inefficient. The Ryzen scheduler debacle comes to mind. Yes, they worked pretty well for OpenSSL. The issue was found eventually. In a proprietary system, it may have been there forever. Yep, it benefits everyone except exploitative employers that hire illegal immigrants to treat them poorly