Learn whichever language is closest to your application. If you want to make a blog, go take a look at some blogging software already out there and learn the language it's written in. (Wordpress -> PHP w/ HTML & CSS just because they're always helpful) Then, once you've got your feet wet, learn another one. I feel like I never understood one language until I could compare it to another. Python and Ruby are great for hammering out functionality and learning. Common Lisp/Scheme are great for widening your perception of how problems can be solved. I don't want to say much about C because I'm not proficient with it, but it definitely gives you a closer feeling to how your computer runs your code even if it obfuscates the problem a little. Learn Haskell/OCaml when you're feeling lucky. They will break your brain and then rebuild it in crazy, inventive new ways. I'm glad to see things like this on Hacker News. Sure it has relatively little to do with the regular topics, but it's the kind of interesting thing that I'd like to find from people who populate here. Digital Signal Processing/Intro to Signal Processing has been one of the most interesting classes I've taken so far. Haskell is fun in that you get to write things using combinators, through abusing laziness, and in a style that feels very mathematical. It makes me program utility function combinators in other languages, which is excellent. It's not so fun the moment you want to use more than one Monad at once, though. This is interesting because it's a good way to look at the domain of language not in its power or application but its audience. Haskell: Because programming isn't enough like math Mozart: Because Prolog is pretty foreign Lisp: Because parens are really underappreciated ; ) I'm no expert, but I'd suggest two things. First, while learning recognize the tricky learning curve and keep poking at complex material as you learn. Macros especially feel dense and frivolous before you see them in action. I'd suggest On Lisp both for being full of excellent examples and free. If you're looking at Scheme, then keep SICP by you at all times. Secondly, more so than in other languages, code to learn. Lisp's parentheses are a turn off to everyone until they reach some critical mass of application and understanding. Learning Lisp reminds me of learning Chinese: the very medium you write with is vastly different from the norm and rather complex, but as you get into it you learn that there is a whole lot of sense to it. Not to snipe at anyone, but skills like this seem pretty essential in solving problems in general. Little tricks from linear algebra like magnitude (what this post concerns) and projections show up in interesting and useful places. Additionally, while they /are/ harder to access, reading and understanding various proofs in Math can be an even more beautiful and enlightening experience than just seeing the practical result. Maybe it's the difference between realizing that setf can be using on all the generalized variables and actually reading the source and seeing why. Math is full of clever hacks. I cannot cite the article, because I read it a long time go, but the author made a point which immediately reflected my experiences with pure FP: FP is all about the glue. What I think will be interesting is using FP (or at least FP style) to glue together solutions to problem which are best expressed using non-pure methods. I think about that whenever I use Monads in Haskell, though they're still awkward. I think FP will teach programmers the potential advantages of making things pure, perhaps even at great effort. It's not always what we're after, but when you can manage that level of simplicity, FP is exploring what kinds of payoff you can make. It doesn't seem like they show evidence for anything more than significant correlation. Other theories (like birth trauma reduction) could explain it just as well. Tai Ji is incredible in my experience, but it does take a lot of initial investment. My classes are probably the least interesting part of college for me. Being in an environment full of various really interesting bleeding-edge developments kicks ass though. I work in neurobiology, code whatever projects are interesting to me, calculate methods for signaling between autonomous vehicles, and am 5 minutes away from talking to someone right in the middle of solving problems in quantum physics or international affairs. And then I go to class. Oh well. I suppose college isn't perfect. I think the book he wrote is even more interesting. My ex-girlfriend was exceedingly smart, but in her young life did poorly being judged as ADD and Dyslexic. I got the opposite treatment with gifted programs and expanded curricula. When we compared symptoms, though, we were generally the same. I wonder how many children in "special" education should actually be in gifted education... Norvig always has exceptional essays. This kind of understanding should be prerequisite to being allowed to read scientific papers. At the very least it's required to demonstrate personal credibility when talking about said papers. Aie! Attack of the floaty yinyang troupe! The presentation is incredible. Reminiscent of iminlikewithyou without the total Flex overhaul. I also like the little artist details that pop up while you listen. There's a styling "error" in Safari 3.0 Mac: the rounded corner sprite is PNG which displays at slightly different color temperatures on different browsers. It's causing all of your rounded boxes to get dark stripes where it doesn't match the CSS background. Just use GIF. I feel like more and more this dumbing down of college leads into making undergraduate degrees a second high school diploma. That begs the suggestion that grad school becomes the "new" college, but that kind of idea isn't too fun in the Startup Crowd. The idea of a reading protocol is a pretty essential concept. I appreciate the author carefully detailing such a protocol for Mathematics, and I imagine this exercise would be pretty simply done for code as well. I'd vie that Mathematics is much more subtle, in general, than code: average reading speed something like 0-15 "concepts" (because we all know how terrible LOC is) in 30 minutes, depending, of course, on how subtle the code is, how skillful the reader, and how elegant the coder. What worries me is how long it'll take to get the HTML5 Bandpass filter and how frustrating it'll be for the first 5 years after adoption writing the same site twice. V. by Thomas Pynchon The Life of Pi by Yann Martel the McSweeney's Quarterly Concern (Not a book per se, but very enjoyable) Shakespeare (Everything, I'm surprised he's only been mentioned once so far) The Great Gatsby by F. Scott Fitzgerald The Book of the New Sun by Gene Wolfe Shogun by James Clavell Then, of course, the regular hodgepodge of Card, Asimov, Adams, Gaiman, Pratchet, Stephenson, Feynman, and that LOTR guy, Tolkey or sommat. (In all seriousness, though, all of these authors are phenomenal, if well-known for being such) It's clearly a very forced analysis, and, like you said, just drips with cliched, volumeless argument. That being said, I'm pretty sure it was posted with some degree of self-referential humor. The idea of analyzing Valve games critically is pretty good, though. They're one of the few studios which makes games worth analyzing! I'd like to see articles like those. Social websites refute this a bit. If you want to connect with people then, generally, you need to have a similar package of web apps as they. Meditation can do wonders. Just sit somewhere comfortable, give yourself 30 minutes, and don't think about anything. It can take practice -- maybe a lot of practice -- but the mental and physical recharge it gives is very refreshing. I find that the trick is scheduling it. Even if you can't turn off, just try for all 30 minutes. Eventually you'll get somewhere. I liken it to getting into the Flow at doing nothing. The problem is arguably that the indirection is really, really costly. Just today I wrote a custom template tag I needed in order to factor out some functionality common to every view on my application. In RoR it would have been maybe 2 lines, but that custom tag was more like 15. I still adore Django for its efforts to remove all the "magic" code, though. Brand development is still deadly important. No one is going to use your site if they can't remember it. If your competitors are on par with you feature-wise, the one with the stronger brand is going to win. That being said, if your opponents aren't on par with you feature-wise, well... Learn many languages as soon as you feel interested. See programing from as many points of view as possible. Now lets hope that avoiding IE8 quirks mode will be intuitive enough to make this announcement pure godsend. This metaphor doesn't work as well as it seems. Architecture firms don't personally build the buildings they design. It's probable that someone dealing with "the semantic web" and fitting in with "new media" companies actually should build websites. Even if they're only working on the back-end solutions, having a poor website is more like an architecture firm having a terribly designed office which undermines the customer's confidence. The School of Expression book is pretty nice and the only one I've had serious experience with, I'd definitely suggest taking a look at it. One thing about the Haskell community that is a breath of cool, minty and decidedly fresh air is that #haskell is actually a great channel to hang out in and ask questions. They have a very powerful bot, Lambdabot, there which helps with examples and manual searching and the people are generally extraordinarily patient and helpful. I'd say that once you get through the basics, heading to IRC to ask some more complex questions is not a bad idea. Prepare to have your mind blown, though, as topics that roam there can be pretty heady sometimes. It's pretty similar to the previous Casting Spels in Lisp tutorial in that it's overly cute and loquacious but does manage to approach a heady topic with some degree of innocence. It's more targeted as an intro to Haskell for the light hobbyist, really. Kind of juvenile. Interesting if you've never heard of the concept before, silly otherwise. Not a typical topic, but fine writing is just as much hacking as programming... or painting. Fantastic. With dense code, you have to think about every word. With sparse code, you have to think along with every line/block/idiom. Both require the (same?) thought process, but with dense code you get two advantages: - You can look ahead easier and get a bird's-eye-view - Once you learn an operator, recognizing it (and writing it correctly) becomes a single word instead of said line/block/idiom. My guess is that [uvar _ topcolor] is a function similar to (lambda (x) (uvar x topcolor)). That's just a guess, but once I learn whatever it is, I'd wage that it's easier to recognize and debug the bracket syntax. I certainly agree with the point that the cartoon aesthetic needs to be dropped in lieu of higher resolution data. Sparklines are an obvious (and very Tufte) solution. Bonus round: what font is the header "arial or helvetica" set in? Haskell's type system will bring a lot of pain first. And then one day it'll click (like macros) and then it makes everything simple. Title typo? 新年快乐！ 这个白人看得懂。 Also: cadr. "Firest" doesn't have the same ring. If you can prove you're an established firm they'll let you have it for 30 days and disassemble it. Who's to say typophiles aren't hackers? When you're first leaning languages, "command" of a language probably ends up being defined as a solid working knowledge of the syntax. However, the real deal is when you understand the solution pattern suggested by the language. When you start to break down problems into objects, functions, or types before you even touch a keyboard, then you've really gotten somewhere. Lock picking and safe cracking are pretty much wet equivalents to computer cracking. It's a very hackerish hobby as long as it's done in a mature, non-destructive way. I don't put a lot of money into it, but working on new locks is a nice way to kill time and relax my mind. The parallels between mathematics and Haskell were what initially drew me to learn the language. If you're looking for a 100-year language, it can't hurt to keep an eye on math. It's kind of like a lisp first written 3000 years ago. Full voting history, probably, yes. Number of votes (some relation to activity, perhaps) not so much. Anything that's obviously going to make it easy to reverse engineer anonymous things isn't a good idea, but that doesn't mean you can't still find interesting gems. Nice hack In this case, the "equivalent" code isn't a line that produces the same result, but is instead a line that illustrates the dynamic culture of the given language's evolution. For Arc, right now, practically every line is an equivalent. Elegant. So how do you break out of these things? I'd think the best way is to recognize that these "prevailing paradigms" are just models for the world that only have some degree of applicability. If you want to create the next paradigm shift, you need to figure out where the current paradigm breaks down. Look for the rough edges: the places where the solution doesn't quite fit the problem contour. That question is somewhat interesting just a little off-topic in this thread. In Arc, that line would be: (reduce + (range 1 100)) which is nice, but not much different from Scheme. Pretty readable. or you can do 3 milliseconds * c Write a toy web server. It'll get you up to par with how the requests actually happen which is a good base for understanding CGI and the more complex systems. For applications launching soon it's worth noting that Django is in a period of flux at the moment. Ver 1.0 is being actively worked toward and will break backwards compatibility. I mean, no one is keeping you from working using Django .96, but several of the neater features in the platform (ContentTypes & Generic relations) are a little sketchy at the moment. You already called this argument, but... ... if you can avoid PHP. It will do all those things mentioned above, and more and more Python and Ruby are becoming common. Of course not. It's practically requisite to understanding Rails or Django and is not so hard a project that you can't start to tackle it quickly (by reading any of the hundreds of simple web server tutorials online) Now there just needs to be an economist to drop in and sneak an entry with a 9% improvement. Statistics and math are excellent tools, but they're quite blind. Agree on 1-4. 5 is probably a non-issue since inverting the gradient is really increasingly common as a hover state "common design is good design". My take: the BBC redesign takes 99% of its ideas from Web Two Point Oh and has never heard of people like, say, Tufte. Thanks, BBC, for updating your site and making it customizable. No thanks for changing the visual style. And why is there a clock ? I already have a clock right there on my screen and it's digital . I agree with your opinion of OS X being related to Disney. I highly disagree with any suggestion that that should be an insult. Disney might not produce the absolutely biggest roller coasters — nor did they really hit on the "Future World" with EPCOT — but they do a lot of things extremely well. Disney accommodates its market extremely well, builds massive installations internationally, has an unearthly attention to detail (just look at the lettering on the signs in the Magic Kingdom or the Tree of Life), has strategic ties all over the place, does fantastic feats of engineering, and, oh yeah, consistently pulls in massive profit. It's had its flops, but it's been in the game forever. You might not like its product, but that probably means you're just not in the target audience and no one is forcing you to buy a ticket. And even if you're not in the target audience you can still appreciate the value other people get out of it. (Disclaimer: I'm an OS X user. Before that I used both Windows and Linux for years at a time. I'm still routinely exposed to and do work with all three) Agreed. Additionally, I hate the rhetoric of Full Disclosure suggesting that somehow, now that you've explicitly mentioned why you are in no good position to write an article, your biases are no longer affecting you. The guy just wants to whine and to point blame at a good thing. By intent, sure, but it's often used that way. I'm mostly just wary when I hear it used — even though I've used it myself. Healthcare, as many others here point out, is difficult, bureaucratic, and potentially unstable do to the political climate; however, medicine is no so bad overall. There are medical technologies growing constantly and while it does involve a little more initial investment some of these areas approach "startup" levels of innovation and risk. I'd suggest there may be more variety on the "healthcare" side the real estate. Another criticism of the article: http://itre.cis.upenn.edu/~myl/languagelog/archives/005422.h... The Language Log tends to be a little scathing, but this is a bit more restrained. A couple of opposing views on the matter from ALA: Against: http://www.alistapart.com/articles/theyshootbrowsers and For: http://www.alistapart.com/articles/minorthreat I, myself, am very glad for this decision! This is that fight. It's the hope that not implementing opt-out version targeting is a precedent that IE8 will continue to follow. The IE team recently has shown great dedication to bringing new versions of IE up to par with the standards set out by the W3C. I would not be surprised if they are close to on par with adoption alongside the other browsers, and with no opt-out version targeting we'll be able to more immediately see these changes take place. The two problems with html table designs are loss of accessibility and semantics. CSS tables do indeed combat both of these by separating content from presentation. The part that you're sore over is just the name. I agree, as it goes, but that doesn't mean CSS tables are obscuring intent. Of course avoiding tables doesn't automatically make things accessible. It makes it possible to be accessible. Accessibility is tricky. For instance, one of the largest things that HTML tables break is the linear flow of the page. For people using screen readers or text-only browsers it becomes far, far more difficult to understand the content of a page. CSS tables can be applied with consideration only against the hierarchal structure of the page allowing you to write pages that are accessibly legible yet stylish. That is unless you want to make whole new versions of your site for any number of accessibility domains: modern browsers, IE 6-, blind people, lynx, mobile browsers, mobile safari, colorblind people, &c. Good luck with SEO on all of those, too. Regular and mobile browsing is one major exception. It's also generally not the trend that I'm referring to. A good site probably does make up to three versions for screen, mobile, and print views. Some sites might even, serendipitously, make out by just changing the stylesheet. Avoiding table based layouts is not the definition of accessibility and I never implied that. They are frequently a symptom of poor accessibility, however, and then they almost always obscure the intended hierarchy of a page which defeats accessibility for text based browsers and screen readers and messes with SEO. This is a nice case study for OCaml. Note that this doesn’t mean that an engineer is any less creative than a hacker. On the contrary, the constraints provided by the engineering problem can provoke more creative and original thinking than that of the original invention. Take a look at that quote and then read this article: http://alistapart.com/articles/oncreativity Hacking is not necessarily a very creative endeavor. Instead it is more inspiring. The non-parallelism in the name of this service is really a problem as far as brand and influence goes, but I'm interested to see if the service is actually useful. It's fun to split these right down the middle into interface design and application design. They tend to fall almost completely into one of those categories. This has to do with the context where I learned Euler's Equation, but I can never separate it from Fourier and (later) Laplace transforms. Those are all so beautiful and mind blowing. Hilbert spaces. Haskell (not just monads, though they were impressive too) To take it up a notch, everything in your body is composed of left over bits of exploded stars. Lisp macros You can also deconstruct and rebuild that ball into another one of infinite size, I believe. I'm not sure if you can do infinite off the top of my head, but I'm certain of at least arbitrary . Pretty much everything that involves abusing the Axiom of Choice ends up trippy and fun. Okay, true, but I'll stand by a "nearly everything" since a very large subset of organic molecules are composed entirely of atoms lighter than Fe. We're probably safe to say that only small parts of your body require more exotic cosmological phenomena for their base material. I see this as being a pretty good way of doing this, too. Uncertain stories, stories with little Karma, are riskier business and are therefore more expensive to support, but if they're good stories the payoff can be lucrative when large parts of the community agree. Amie.st sort of does this. So does thesixtyone. Basically, award original motion and value increasing actions by Karma. (Also, as some other comments mention, there should be some risk — cost — involved in taking those actions) Disincentives to voting give more abstract value to an upmod. Right now the only thing that gives an upmod value is that you can only upmod a story once. Without some sort of constraint the only thing keeping people from upmodding continuously and rampantly is... RSI! As long as we're naming things: Y Combinator acts as a startup hearth — just a little bit of support from money, but included is an environment which promotes growth. Bingo, I was being hyperbolic there. The core idea is that upmods and downmods need to embody some sense of value. Without a buy-in cost, the only contributing source of value is 1-vote-per-story exclusivity. Without a buy-in cost, nothing is stopping me (edit: or someone else , hah. I don't mean to implicate myself for the sake of rhetoric) from getting a bot together to upmod every single story essentially nullifying the benefit of my vote and still maximizing the return. Addendum after the edit period: Wavelet transforms also go on this list. I don't know that I was surprised by the CLT itself. What surprised me about it was how nice it made everything else. In some sense there are whole books full of theorems which go from tedious and complex to 12-year-old simple in just 3 letters. The simplicity and difficulty of Bayes' Law. I honestly have a difficult time understanding the AC paradoxes, too. I recognize that it's totally necessary for many things (i.e. multidimensional integrals) and when it's consistent with a logical conclusion I have little trouble "seeing" it. Otherwise, though, not so much. I think it's interesting to see the connection between the AC and the Law of Excluded Middle which also causes paradoxical issues from time to time. http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Axiom_of_choice#Law_of_the_excl... I know this is hardly the most salient point, but... ... the HBase logo is fantastic ! Oh, and it's also great to see open source contributions like that. Good job all around, Powerset! I'd reiterate that you it doesn't matter what language you learn first. You wont really understand any language until you've learned a couple of others and are able to see programming from several perspectives. This must be sarcastic, right? For limited use of varied typography you can use flash very selectively by using Sifr ( http://www.mikeindustries.com/sifr ) I learned that using code as data is more powerful than anyone who hasn't used Lisp can understand. Unfortunately, most languages make it a pain in the ass. I long for macros almost every time I program something in Python. What is that picture of? And why? Seems like a neat idea excepting that BitTorrent doesn't support changing content that well afaik. You just made this thread my all-time HN favorite. Here here! Taking a look at that link (and then going to the YC main page again) made me realize how cool that lecture hall you guys have is. Any chance there are some photos around of the "YC Offices" just for the curious? It's definitely more stark, but O(N) would have gotten a chuckle from the intended audience and a nod to Randall for getting his complexity right . But I'm just advocating for the devil... I have to agree with Atwood, sort of. I actually see it as a wider condition. You Weren't Meant to Have a Boss has a very specific "you" in mind: the kind of people who are aching to become founders (well, obviously). That's in no way a bad thing, but it is worth noting that earlier essays by pg had a wider audience. It's not narcissism, it's focus. It's a symptom of "nearly all the programmers I know are startup founders". Hah, that's a great quote. I think we're both looking at it the same way. PG is in a fantastic position where he gets to spend most of his time around some of the smartest, most driven, and most interesting people all the time. He loves it, and with good reason. His essays are targeted toward those people who could become the kind of person he respects, and they have not a little bit of force behind them because he believes in what he says a whole lot. Italian 'al dente' is a trip. I hardly believed it at first, but it is tasty. A Mathematician's Apology is a beautiful read, by definitions both plain and, to some degree, those elaborated in the essay itself. One interesting thing about the relevancy of the essay is the potential change in the aesthetics of mathematics in wake of the proof of the Four Color Theorem. Personally, I have to believe that some day someone will find a proof that has all the elegance mathematicians are looking for. "We do not want many ‘variations’ in the proof of a mathematical theorem: ‘enumeration of cases’, indeed, is one of the duller forms of mathematical argument. A mathematical proof should resemble a simple and clear-cut constellation, not a scattered cluster in the Milky Way." If you consider his constant foil in Chess, it's fun to think that perhaps he'd see some degree of beauty in computer algorithms that solve the many enumerations of chess in far more "general" and "surprising" ways. I'd say that (good) parody and satire frequently make use of DH1-4 in order to effect an argument that's usually at DH6. It's the matter of creating straw men or ad hominem attacks which are implicit criticisms on the actual content of the argument.