Joel is light on the technical details. He's old enough to remember when C was going to be the language for everything. But not guru enough to mention or properly analyze anything else from that time. (Eiffel, Forth) Joel is just one of the mainstream programmer sheeple, just louder and with a bit of panache. Dvorak has enough balls to make a prediction. Does that make him clever? There's no fundamental reason why the iPhone couldn't have Android as well, or at least some level of compatibility. Also, if Android = DOS, I note that DOS did not end up a big win for IBM, who made the hardware. In fact, DOS was one of the standards that helped to turn hardware into a commodity. The screen technology developed for the OLPC has the potential to benefit mobile devices tremendously. A multi-touch pad the size of the OLPC would kick-ass. Interactivity is what makes electronic devices compelling. It would make the Kindle look like a clunky thing from the Victorian age by comparison. The semantics of that are no different than a case statement. (Unless this is in a performace-critical loop, and you'd gain something though a compiler optimization of the case statement.) You're equating using case statement syntax to good programming? That's the best example you have of a "mess?" That makes me suspect that you don't think about programming at a very high level and that you like making largely arbitrary changes to code for (unacknowledged) ego-driven reasons. Array indexing is just another way of getting it done. Often a case statement is going to be faster. 90% of the time, it just doesn't matter. If you're getting paid for doing such useless code changes, you might as well get paid for surfing Y Combinator news. Perhaps that's why the original programmer is a successful founder, and you're fixing the code. > You suspect wrong. Don't suspect. Ask and find out. Don't have to ask. You actually think minutiae at this level is interesting discussion. That's evidence against you. > Do you really think "faster" is what's most important? As I said before in the thread, over 90% of the time, no. Actually, more like 98%, no, so we are in agreement about nanoseconds. I only included the quip about performance for completeness. True, the array indexing code is much shorter. That can be worthwhile. If your project has gotten to the point that these sorts of things are actually worth your time pursuing, then you're doing very well. But that would mean that all your bugs are fixed, there are no more pressing architectural issues, and there are no highly demanded bits of new functionality to implement. In other words, your project would be practically dead. Reducing a 600 line subsystem to 100 lines would be a big deal. Reducing 12 lines to 2? Nope. It runs. Reducing 12 lines to 2 in 500 different spots around your codebase? Well, if that's the case then I'm sorry that you have to put up with that all over the place, but at least it's correct. Again, if your highest priority is cleaning up stuff like that, then you probably have it easy. Too easy. He just posts a basic code snippet and then says "good luck figuring that out." Seems like he's just appealing to those who don't know and who don't want to know, but who are happy to have some blogger confirm their prejudices. Sounds like he's lost his faith in Lisp uber-alles, but not necessarily in high-level languages or dynamic languages. It's a big missing feature in Java and Python. If programming languages are for making programming easier, then it's clearly a mistake to use just one language to write programs. Different languages are optimal for different areas of concern. Rob Pike spent 6 months writing a language optimized for concurrency, then wrote an entire windowing system in just 300 lines. If a programming language is a tool, then people have been advocating doing everything with a hammer. What if we had a way of combining many different languages, so that each area of concern could be written in the language which is optimal for it? I think one of the strengths of Lisp, is that it's its own abstract syntax tree. In some ways it's more like a substrate for implementing other languages than a conventional computer language. What if we had a substrate that let us use multiple languages together? Google Tech Talk on Newsqueak & High level abstractions for concurrency: http://video.google.com/videoplay?docid=810232012617965344&#... Alan Kay tried to design Smalltalk as a sort of friendlier dynamic language like Lisp. So instead of lists of things, you have named slots in objects. From one point of view, an ecosystem is the opposite of a vacuum. And yes, you should develop software in one of those. I work in a Smalltalk shop, where we extend and maintain an application that has been around over a decade. During the maintenance part of our job, it would be really nice to have type declarations on variables. For maintenance, the more dependable information we have, the better! The fewer things that can escape as runtime exceptions, the better! Not having static typing makes new development faster, but maintenance is harder. What would be ideal is an optional typing system like Strongtalk. As parts of the system mature, they would become statically typed. This gives us the best of both worlds. A problem with this, is that often the WTF go unsaid in public due to political reasons. My boss is the one who exclaims WTF the most in public. However, he generates a heck of a lot of WTF in private. Also, many of the WTF we generate are actually due to our coding around his WTFs. This is just a restatement of the Principle of Least Astonishment http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Principle_of_least_astonishment As a consultant, I met a lot of people in organizations with very useful (but decayed) applications in maintenance mode who just were there 9 to 5 for a paycheck. They had no interest in architecture or patterns or learning more about their craft at all. To them, it was just drudgery. More shocking, years earlier in graduate school, I met a fellow student who old me, "To heck with understanding this. Just give me the answer so I can get my diploma!" She wanted to go into management. Back in 1997, I met a programming idiot. He was one of those C programmers who regarded programming as a kind of "magic." He didn't understand anything about virtual machine semantics and separation of processes. Well, he moved to Atlanta for an $80k job, which he got through connections from his church, which was also a significant increase from his IT job at a public TV station. No, the labor market is not perfect! I wonder how creationists score on this thing? What about Y^n Combinator? Y^n convinces our client's client's competition's competition to spend time thinking about meta-startups, thus preventing them from producing anything useful, which obviates the need for acquiring them in the first place. But this is only the precursor to Ackerman(Y) Combinator. But even thinking about that one makes my head spin. I still have a T22 with Libranet (Debian) Linux on it. The keyboard light was great! (Much cheaper than a backlit-keyboard, and accomplished the same thing. But I do everything nowadays on my old G4 Powerbook. There are times with a sufficiently high level dynamic language, where you can usefully and quickly pair program your high level design. The ideal platform for this is a desktop on a table (not a concave cublicle desk, just a flat table) with a wireless keyboard. The Electric Company. Spider-Man! Nobody knows who you are! Dell laptops are great if you consider maintenance and repair. I spilled a whole glass of red wine on my Dell Inspiron 1710. Order a $20 keyboard, pull off a piece of trim and undo two screws, do the reverse operations with the new keyboard, and I'm done! It wouldn't have been so easy with my G4 Powerbook! I know, because I've taken it apart a bunch of times, once to upgrade the hard drive. The thing has screws that could be used by watchmakers, and lots of them! IIRC, the application I am working on right now uses 128 bit ids. In fact, I believe that they are just randomly generated. Since each row we fetch is already quite large, the extra 64 bits isn't much of a cost, but the ability to generate new IDs without any overhead or communication between processes is very beneficial. (The app is distributed between as many as 300 machines, all of which try their best to keep in sync with each other in realtime.) We just have to be careful about how the id generators are seeded. Actually, it's not Erlang, but Smalltalk. We don't have to make sure they're unique, that's the whole point. There are far less than 4 billion objects in the system. The changes of a collision are minuscule. The VisualWorks Smalltalk JIT VM is another example. It has been in development since 1989, and it shows. I can write an infinite loop that does nothing but allocate, slip that into someone's image, start it, and they wouldn't even notice! The common practice in Smalltalk is to just extend Smalltalk so that it becomes a powerful domain specific language for your application. Most everything in Smalltalk is just an ordinary message send (procedure call) so any good programming where you Don't Repeat Yourself ends up being a domain specific language. I work in a Smalltalk shop where we get around Smalltalk's lack of Interfaces/Multiple Inheritance with State/Strategy objects. That's not so unusual. What goes against the grain is our eschewing polymorphism in that one situation, instead having case statements for the different object types. My boss prefers that because he feels it's better from a code management standpoint. The rest of us just quietly acknowledge to ourselves that it's not real OO, and play along. Surprisingly, it works well, probably because it discourages us from making those things too complicated. The frameworks/APIs used by those objects have to be clean. This is CueCat all over again? Except that the hardware for reading the codes isn't junk sent out on venture capital. It's just every already existing camera phone. Sometimes their basic science has been lacking. (Compressed air jet-boat was supposed to work by "pushing against the water"?) Though they have been improving, I've noticed. I want a version of Gmail that can run offline on my iPhone. I currently use Gmail, and it works fine with my iPhone's Mail program, but the paradigm shift between it and Gmail is a bit of a pain. iPhone's Mail doesn't have search, and doesn't organize things by thread. If someone at Google can port offline Gmail over to the iPhone, that would be two shades of awesome! Get an old 4GB iPhone secondhand as your test machine. He's right. Anyone who's been a true musician or a true artist eventually realizes that the "products" are just messages. They are not exclusively an end in themselves. They are messages about awareness. They are communications from one life to another. Really, the important thing is the life lived, and the inner life shared. This is why museums are nothing but directories or a table of contents. This is why "intellectual property" is so absurd. A musician's "product" is as much a message as someone's blog post. One hopes that the message is understood and absorbed and possibly re-transmitted with elaborations and new insights. Poor PR is one of the things that happened to Smalltalk. "Don't complain, only code," is good advice. That should also extend to: "Don't Hype." Smalltalk, Java, Python, and Ruby all made the same mistake, however. They started gaining prominence before they got fast enough. We need to stop making the same mistakes again and again. There's no reason why even a late-binding Pure Object language shouldn't run at 25% of the speed of compiled C on many benchmarks. There's no reason why programs in these languages shouldn't be widely known to be faster than naive implementations in C. In other words, capitalism is a treadmill! Even music "in and of itself" says something about the perception of sound. Note that I am talking specifically about "awareness." Not politics or philosophy. If you are a refined listener, then you are aware of these things on at least a subconscious level. I also hate it when artists and musicians spout muzzy-headed nonsense. But there are others who have had their awareness informed by what they practice. Sometimes they even have something good to say in interviews. Sturgeon's law applies here as well. Back in the day, we used to call this the [JustQuit Pattern]( http://www.c2.com/cgi/wiki?QuitSuddenly ) In E. F. Schumacher's Small is Beautiful ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Small_is_Beautiful ) there is a corporation described chartered in such a way as to not get "too large." In this case, "too large" is considered to be more than 350, which was considered by some to be the upper bound for a functional "village." But the particular value of N is not important. What is important is that this corporation was chartered to undergo mitosis and divide in half, forming two new companies with an equivalent charter. In _Small is Beautiful_ each corporation would have a relationship with one being a subsidiary, which would introduce "bossiness." Perhaps the charter could be modified so that neither spawn was subservient to the other? Freakonomics covers this in their book. Realtors are motivated to do as many transactions as possible, so they are not the best negotiators. They will settle for a so-so price to get transactions done so they earn more money per unit time. There is even academic research to support this. Someone should implement Randall Munroe's proposal, so that repetitive and cliche phrases are automatically "demoted" -- which would mean that they appear on the bottom -- with the penalty getting exponentially worse, so it starts out as a mild chiding at first, then escalates. EDIT: Come to think of it, I knew this crazy guy about 10 years ago. He was so gung-ho about being "truly alive" that he tried his damnedest to never say the same 4 words twice. This made it impossible for him to give driving directions! Down voting is too easy to abuse. Reddit was being gamed in this way -- certain users were down-voting everything, which made being a new poster starting out an almost automatic karma penalty of a few points. They've made the down-vote penalty milder because of this. I taught him how to program in Perl, and when I left he was working as a Perl coder for a public television station. He also got married to a very interesting and quirky woman, so don't count crazy antics out. This review irks me. The reviewer seems to have no idea about what contributes or detracts from the performance of different kinds of apps. The most likely culprit for the slow performance is the 4200 RPM drive. The processor and 2GB of RAM should do fine for most purposes. Just having a small amount of extra accounts can make a big difference if you can down-vote stories at the very beginning. This gives the unmolested stories a big head-start. I think that reddit implemented different behavior for the first hour of a story's life for this reason. I agree the author is misinformed, though I also agree with him that relational databases suck, especially if you are doing object oriented programming. I'm not sure what is better, however. Also, most of the corporate world is firmly ensconced in the relational database mindset. This makes interacting with them difficult if you do not also "speak relational." I've been working with Smalltalk, which was Alan Kay's creation. Most implementations are not what he intended -- at one Smalltalk Solutions keynote he excoriated all of us. He said that he never intended Smalltalk to become a programming language. He wanted to create a Montessori toy for the mind. That said, I don't think that Smalltalk as a programming language is that far from what he intended. He just never intended it to stop there. Only one down-vote a week? If you reduce the frequency like that, then that's just another way of weakening down-voting, which is what reddit seemingly did to their downvotes. There is strong scientific evidence that pretty much all "Electromagnetic Hypersensitivity" is just incorrectly attributed anxiety and stress. http://skeptoid.com/episodes/4072 I went to a home improvement store to get some roller blinds cut. I needed these to be cut to exact measurements, because I have trouble sleeping. I bring the blinds to where the machine is and press the button. I note that the blade on this thing is just held on by a screw clamp to a piece of metal marked out like a ruler, so I could get any length I requested. Well, this girl shows up and tries to tell me that the machine doesn't do fractions . WTF? Is our math education so bad that we have people in the workforce who don't want to deal with 5/16ths? How long before it can perform martial arts? Give it a configuration like this one: http://images.rottentomatoes.com/images/movie/trailer/100130... I'm still using a G4 Powerbook. The aluminum mac laptops are a pain to disassemble. The MacBook Pros are improved over the Powerbooks, but you're still dealing with lots of little jeweler's screws. If that's not an issue, then I think Mac laptops are great. Also, do not drop them on their hinges. That won't necessarily break them, but they will get distorted and not close in exactly the same way again. I also own an old Thinkpad T22. I like them as no-nonsense laptops that run Linux well. But if you want something that is just put together and just works, and ultimate ruggedness and graphics card speed is not a priority, I recommend the Mac. Yeah, the design aspect is great. The thing looks great, it fits anywhere, but if you need to repair/upgrade the thing, it's a major pain! More like bad/insufficient data defeats even good algorithms. When we recommend movies to friends, we are often using very different and more useful information than what's in the Netflix database. Better run those old browsers in a sandbox! >When you break it down, Graham's argument from evolution goes like this: our ancestors worked in groups of eight or so, therefore humans evolved to work in groups of eight or so, therefore contemporary humans will be more alive and fulfilled working in groups of eight or so. >In a general sense, this is the logical fallacy known as the "appeal to nature" -- the idea that what's natural is ipso facto good or right. There is no reason to believe this: plenty of natural things are neither good nor right. Paul is not saying that working in groups of about 8 is not "good or right." He's saying that it's satisfying and functional. It's perfectly reasonable to say that something we were evolved to do is something we do well, and something we were not evolved to do, we have trouble with. Satisfying and functional is often good and right, but in my personal system, it is sometimes not. I could start cheating on my girlfriend pretty easily, but that would not be "good and right" to me, though it would arguably be satisfying and functional for me. Sometimes it seems satisfying and functional for me to punch people in the face. The problem with "satisfying and functional" = "good and right" is that both sides of that equation are highly complex, contextual, and subjective. At first I thought it was a search engine for finding virgins. Nope. It's neutral. Roth's contribution is probably not dishonest, it's just shoddy thinking. Paul is not saying that there's some kind of moral or ethical imperative to working in small groups. He just observes that it works well. So there is no fallacy, though I can see how Roth could have gotten this mixed up. Second, it is just silly to try to refute the notion that we might be good at and enjoy anything we might have evolved to do. For one thing, that's clearly the case -- evolution works well. For another thing, PG's not trying to prove anything, he's relating his personal experience and forwarding a theory that might explain it. The fact that people were so bothered by this is the most telling fact. As Abbie Hoffman used to say, if someone ever says something that gets your goat, they struck gold! I am also working on an MMO. It's a space game. My spin is that everything in this game will be emergent. The players can design and play anything in this game, or it will evolve through genetic algorithms. I've worked out how to do most of this. I'm still working out how to evolve NPC ship AIs, but that's not the most important. Also, everything in this game will be scriptable. Users will be able to create programs to control anything, then license those programs to other users to make money. They will also be able to license designs. Exponential proliferation of designs and scripts is prevented by limiting designs per user to some maximum number. Basically, I'm going to make a MMO, where the developers are out of the business of creating content. The users create the most compelling content anyhow. Oh, and the "gold farmers" -- I'm going to have them writing content for me! You can't beat market forces. Better to co-opt them. You can think of this as Second Life in Space, with much easier implementation requirements. I've been named stcredzero for a very long time. Nope, this is the first time I've spilled the beans. Games, tunes, videos. Though you could do these on much less hardware! Currently, I'm using Panda3D, which is compilable on OSX, though it's not supported in teh main branch yet. What I mean when I say that the "users make the best content anyway" is that most people just ignore game-company produced "content" or just figure out how to blow through it to get the items. What takes the place of such "content" is the real content -- players vying against players to achieve their own varied and often conflicting goals. What players have done to me and with me has excited, terrified, exhilarated, and entertained me 50X more than any game content ever has. There are certain elements of "content" for which there will be "structured content creation." Players will be able to design new items. They will be able to play as whole factions if they want. (Using a distinct RTS style of play, controlling an entire economy of autonomous drones.) But there will be no drudgery of missions, no mining, no leveling up, no camping. Only either the action of combat, or the management of wealth generating economies. It will be like Second Life, but everything will be a Ship, an inert object in space, or an Item to be used aboard a ship. Users will be able to design Ships and Items, but only after they have built and supplied a special ship outfitted as a Research Facility and operated it for a certain period of time. Designs will be vetted at first, but this will transition to a Slashdot-like moderation system. The galaxy will be procedurally generated. There will be millions if not billions of star systems. You will not be able to bookmark arbitrary locations in space, however. (Hyperspace is extremely chaotic and changing, so any jump to a coordinate in "Real" space will always be randomized and never precise.) You must drop an item called a "beacon" to be able to warp back to a specific location. A user will only be able to afford a certain number of beacons. Relativity? Not right now. You will be able to fly a ship in "Newtonian" mode, but with a speed limit (due to collision implementation issues.) The ship will also fly in "inertialess" mode which will be like the way ships fly in Star Wars. Performance of ships in "inertialess" mode will be comparable to that in Newtonian, just with less flexibility. One interesting twist to ship design, will be that the shape of your ship will actually change its stats in meaningful ways. For example, if you have a ship that uses armor for protection, then having the hull of your ship angled like an arrowhead will give you higher armor values from the forward direction. (And much weaker from the sides and rear.) Having a ship which is longer will also improve the performance of axial mount weapons. However, increased length, size and mass also have drawbacks, as it will reduce your maximum turning rate and the rate at which you can change angular momentum. Components will require some internal volume, so you won't be able to make an invulnerable Death Pencil. The game will have elements of "space opry" and not just have hard science fiction. I want people to experience the thrill of epic space battles. There will also be exploration and trade. Right now, I'm using Wings 3d for polygonal models as in the old Elite game. I'm not an artist. I'm going to hire one or two artists to make it look good. Player scripting doesn't seem to alienate people in Second Life. Maybe there's something I don't know. Scripting will not be required to play. You will be able to buy scripts from weapon developers, who will finally be worthy of the name. Faction players will need pilots. Their AI drones will never be a match for human pilots in player ships. On the other hand, pilots will need factions -- otherwise it will be hard to generate enough wealth for the very best high tech equipment. I would like to have player avatars in the future. We will start out with ships, however. Ugh. First of all, "protaganists" is misspelled. Second, the word is either misused, or he has people who are like opponents primarily because they do Ruby. Thirdly, he was mistaken about the technical terms for describing what he was doing. All that said, I still find that it's an interesting hack. I really wish that a lot of the non computer-science people I have to work with knew at least a smattering of what it means that something is O(n^2) versus O(n log(n)). In fact, I sometimes wish that programmers who I've had to work with understood! Something like this used to happen at GM. The prestige of engineering groups was proportional to the amount of space they took up under the hood. So every group was incented to make their subsystem bigger and bigger. Some think this is the reason why American cars got so big in the 50's. Another place where Cringely gets it wrong -- Instruction Set Architecture (ISA) does matter in terms of virtualization. He's getting virtualization mixed up with emulation. Unless you can execute a lot of X86 commands natively, you basically can't virtualize in the manner of VMWare. So a PowerPC based chip will be only able to emulate an X86 operating system in software at a significant performance penalty -- unless you happen to re-implement a lot of X86 in hardware. Perhaps multi-platform multi core chips will become the norm? Who knows? Probably not Cringely. Free time is not just a recent thing. Back in our hunter-gatherer days, many of us had tons of free time. Even as agriculturalists, it was common for people to have to devote zero time to work for months on end. At times like this, young people could sing, dance, and play music for over 12 hours a day. There were places in Ireland that were like this in living memory. Good point! SomaFM is a good source. Space Station Soma would put me to sleep all the time while I was playing Eve. Charles Pellegrino/George Zebrowski covers this in _The Killing Star_ (1995). They reason as follows: 1. Any species will place its own survival before that of a different species. 2. Any species that has made it to the top on its planet of origin will be intelligent, alert, aggressive, and ruthless when necessary. 3. They will assume that the first two rules apply to us. So any starfaring species might well destroy another starfaring species -- immediately. In _The Killing Star_ the aliens do so at the first opportunity with high-powered relativistic bombardment. The power that they use dwarfs that generated by asteroid impacts and past mass extictions. They blanket the entire hemisphere of planets with relativistic projectiles! The earth is taken out entirely in just two shots. http://sites.inka.de/mips/reviews/TheKillingStar.html Yes, but we tend to collaborate with members of our own species and enslave/butcher/experiment on other species. Even our relationships with dogs and other family pets can be highly unequal and sometimes downright disturbing. (Treating them as chattel, "putting them to sleep" when it's more convenient to do so.) So this counts against your position in two ways: 1) our only data point indicates that interspecies collaboration is likely to be less than cozy 2) others might observe our treatment of other species and use that to evaluate our potential for hostility. Also, our record with regards to polluting our own environment doesn't recommend us highly as "good citizens of the galaxy." (This was brought up as a possibility in David Brin's Sundiver series.) And this isn't even considering the vast differences in culture and even basic mental models there will likely be. It's far from a sure bet that this openness will extend to us. Also, one can readily imagine how a "innocuous" act from the point of view of one species might be considered a greivous crime by another. (The Ender's Game books are one example.) There is a well known study of Native American cultures in the Mississippi valley where we have access to skeletal remains over many hundreds of years. We can see the health of individuals decline as they made their switch to corn agriculture from a hunter-gatherer lifestyle. In fact, there are considerable increases in disease and a shortening of lifespan. The reason why the agricultural lifestyle won-out was because it was capable of supporting larger populations with ruling theocratic elites who could then organize manpower for military and other purposes. Hunter-gatherers, despite being healthier individually, couldn't compete. How many data points do you have for saying we're not "highly advanced?" I should not have said "highly advanced" and should just have said "sentient interstellar" instead. My discussion is about the future of humanity, not the present day. We are not quite even space-faring yet. Learning from another species' technology is likely to be a largely one-way transaction. Instead of trading warp drive tips, it's much more likely that the "Xarcon" will have warp drive and we will not. (Or vice-versa.) In any case, if the other side has things like antimatter fueled starships, they may still have the potential to wipe out the other civilization, or at least preemptively cause huge damage to it. Why would another intelligent species give up a potential technological advantage without first assuring the safety of their own species? Of course, there are many ways of assuring such safety. In the case of practical warp drive, one way of doing this would be to withhold warp technology and use the intervening time to propagate your own species. Another option might be to absorb the less advanced species into some sort of confederation. Actually, a really savvy species would do both! By SC2, do you mean Star Control 2? Probably not, since this retro game has been available on OS X for years now. http://sc2.sourceforge.net/ A good Ted Talk to look at concerning this is Bjorn Lomborg's talk on cost/benefit and global priorities: http://www.ted.com/index.php/talks/view/id/62 It turns out there's a huge cost/benefit ratio to solving things like access to clean water, malnutrition, and disease. The cost of tackling problems like this is just a fraction of doing things like adopting the Kyoto protocol, and the potential for increasing the economic potential of many countries is very high. What you're objecting to is a straw man. No one is requesting that you should become a monk. But maybe just a little more energy and resources directed towards global problems might be a more balanced position. There is even money to be earned in doing so. (The Grameen Bank is a good example. So is Dean Kamen's new distiller.) See Bjorn Lomborg's Ted Talk on cost/benefit in solving global problems! http://www.ted.com/index.php/talks/view/id/62 And lastly, as Abbie Hoffman used to say: if someone ever says something to get your goat, they struck gold! I've also heard the theory that alcohol production was one inducement to settlement. Larry Brilliant talks about a web crawler constructed with modest resources that could find evidence of emerging pandemics faster than WHO. http://www.ted.com/index.php/talks/view/id/58 So there are things that us hackers could do. Another is a Java project for a low cost medical records database usable by hospitals in the 3rd world. Time to legalize drugs. What happens if you take an organization that has all the resources of a large corporation, but put them outside the law? This is what happens. The wild rice gathering practice of current-day Native Americans in Minnesota is a great example of incremental drift into agriculture. They go back to the same patches in the water brush rice into their canoes with paddles, inadvertently spreading the seeds of new rice plants in the process. It's easy to imagine how this could've turned into rice agriculture over time. Clean water is one area where someone stands to make a lot of money and do a ton of good at the same time. And as far as money to charities goes, there's money out there. Figuring out the best way to spend it is an ongoing problem. But it might profit the drug lords to Open Source their methods. Lots of small-time players using very effective methods would keep the authorities quite busy and they could also benefit through the shared innovation. Though I'm not sure if I want to see the GPL enforced through hitmen and car bombings. We already have diverse legal regimes. Africa? China? Russia? Doing it at a cost that people can afford is the issue, especially in the third world. It's a lot easier to make people richer when they have clean water, so they aren't sick from cholera, can safely bathe themselves, and they aren't dehydrated. I started with Slashdot, got disillusioned, then went over to Digg, then Reddit, and now I'm here and have a better appreciation for Slashdot. This experience prompts me to formulate a law: When you start wishing social news site X won't become like social news site Y, it's probably inevitable at that point. (If you think what's below is off topic, then make sure you've read the article and be sure to read all of the comment.) The Clancy Brothers are best known as a seminal Irish singing group, but they started out as a troupe of actors that went to New York to become famous by putting on works of Shakespeare. The folk music craze was in full force, and they noticed that they were actually making more money renting out their venue to folkies than they were making by putting on shows, so they decided to get into the act themselves. They pretty were much like other folks who emulated the Weavers and other popular acts of the day, but since they happened to be Irish, the songs they knew were Irish traditional songs, and so they stood out and became international stars. "Oh well, at least there's still Lambda The Ultimate." Hmmm. How about I start a site called "Lambda teh Ultimate" which does nothing but promulgate bad programming practices, procedural spaghetti code, and Farkish stupitrivia that's somehow still too nerdy for the mainstream? There will be a regex filter that introduces bad grammar, misuse of homophones, to instead of too, their instead of they're, etc... Also bots that the markov chains to post schizophrenic sounding manifestos promising to revolutionize all programming by subsuming everything with GOTO and DB tables. There will be auto-moderation, giving certain users bonus points, implemented by running StupidFilter in reverse. To become a moderator, you first have to prove that you spend more than 9 non-sleeping hours alone in your room a day, and that you still live with your parents. The site will be ad supported, but all ads will be required to be pop-ups that install plugin EXEs. If there are not enough ads, they will be randomly generated from emails in my Spam folder. All of the web design will be generated by using genetic algorithms operating on the corpus of MySpace profiles for users aged 16 or younger. The commenting will be modeled on YouTube from early 2007 and before. Programming languages are as much a social construct as they are a technological one! Python and Ruby are doing tons of things right on the social/cultural side, but the technology was in many ways a big step backwards from Smalltalk and Lisp. The poor performance serves to reinforce the old dynamic language stereotypes. Performance of C vs Smalltalk: A friend of mine implemented some Block Cipher algorithms in Smalltalk a few years back. By working with the VM engineers so he could have a few things (like 32 bit registers with bit-shift and bit-rotate operations) he managed to come close to or BEAT RSA Data Security's reference implementations in C. In once case, the algorithm was 3% faster. (RSA's implementations used malloc/free in a naive way. Great generational GC in Smalltalk was like a custom buffer cache implemented for free.) A company I worked for once has two Smalltalk implementations. Some work was done to host one inside the runtime of another. The hosted Smalltalk has a compiler written using Yacc & Lex which was compiled C. The host Smalltalk has one written entirely in Smalltalk. It was discovered, that if you took the text notifications out of the Smalltalk Smalltalk compiler, it runs faster than the C Smalltalk compiler. Well, for one thing, there are a lot of production Smalltalk applications out there still. Some of them are quite good. There are also a lot of bad implementations out there, but that is true for any language. (Sturgeon's Law!) The Smalltalk Refactoring browser is still very impressive, though it has now been surpassed by Eclipse. It predated Eclipse by some years, however. There are other tools that were developed under Smalltalk that have yet to be adopted by other programming communities. Also, the performance of the fastest Smalltalk VMs has been very good for many years now. Bad architecture will swamp even programs in C or assembly. I'd hazard a guess that you were dealing with that. But you are correct that there are serious problems with many of the Smalltalk implementations. None of these had anything to do with the language, the tools, or the VMs. Rather, there was a legacy of "ivory tower" mentality. Instead of doing very necessary but unglamorous things like polishing the GUI framework (and eliminating race conditions) implementors preferred to do cool things like create new garbage collection options. Smalltalk suffered because community input was neglected, because the same community fostered an elitist culture, because marketing went for an more closed "boutique" approach, and because implementations weren't polished to true professional standards. It would behoove Ruby, Python, and others to heed these lessons. (And I'd note that they've done many things right.) Method name renaming was licked in Smalltalk, even in things like specs (which predated XML, but served much the same purpose.) So long as everything's an object in the image, you're fine. (Excepting goofy things like constructing message sends at runtime.) Things like properties files and pickled objects that left the image -- you aren't covered then. But there's little you need those for that you can't do in-image. This is one place where Unit Tests help nicely. If the group were using Test First, then the zealots would've had to read and revise tests before they rewrote code. They would've been able to read the test code and would've known about the business logic requirements. If they didn't do that, then failing tests would've clued them in.