The specification for this standard, along with the fields, lengths and meanings are in this document: http://www.iata.org/whatwedo/stb/Documents/Resolution792_Jun... Also W/m^2 Really? Mini-hell? He posted a request for the author to take it down, the author agreed in the very first reply to this request, and as far as I can see, it was acted upon in less than 12 hours. The flap that followed was a disagreement about the style of Zed's request. A semantic argument, which is pretty far from an ongoing personal torment. I'm not defending Martin, by any stretch. I'll agree with your assessment there. On the other hand, I don't think Zed should be particularly surprised by his reaction. Nor do I think he's ignorant to its cause. I've had power transfer switches fail more than once. Just because you have a redundancy available doesn't mean you are reducing failure points in the system. "Maybe some people had pointed out the problem and the fix before.." How modest. Or, run egress traffic shaping. Put a hard limit on the upload rate from your PC to your device, put this at about 98% of your actual "line rate." Problem solved? You do the egress shaping at the router, not on each individual machine. And you shape the entire interface, not individual traffic flows. As far as jitter in the outgoing rate, that's what the buffer is there for. What shaping helps you avoid is: a) filling the buffer and those side-effects and b) prematurely filling the buffer at a high rate while the rest runs at a low rate. I've been doing this in my home networks for years, and this is exactly what egress shaping does for me. The local router drops packets, the internal clients back off. The reason he had those problems, I'm guessing, is that he never setup traffic classing filters. Generally, I've never run _just_ TBF/HTB + SFQ. I've always run them hierarchically, HTB on the top interface, then several HTBs feeding into that one. Each of the lower HTB queues has a different amount of "flow" allowed to it. Once you approach it this way, it all works rather nicely. As the multiple queues allow you to spread bandwidth, but also priority into the higher level queue. I can run telnet/ssh sessions during a torrent swarm with no issues. In my experience, they're available as soon as WBEZ finishes airing them for the first time. They don't have battery backups? The rate card can change as often as the ratings are released. From an "old media" perspective, pricing is pretty volatile. I'm not entirely sure what you're trying to accomplish, but the USPS TIGER database can (sometimes) be useful in this area: http://zip4.usps.com/ncsc/addressmgmt/tiger.htm It depends.. if they're issuing /64's, they're actually issuing networks, not host addresses anymore. I'd rather not have my entire network be renumbered every 6 hours when my DHCP updates. Precisely.. I'd also like to know under what circumstances this would actually be used, and be a useful safety feature to have implemented. At the very least, there should be a significant warning in the cockpit when "dual input" mode is active. That is an incredibly dangerous "feature." What? The attackers had an easier time because hijackings didn't usually involve flying into a building / killing everyone on board. Prior to 9/11 most hijackings were about taking hostages, flying to a friendly country, then awaiting your ransom. As a passenger, your job was just to sit tight, don't do anything stupid, and wait for the resolution. The hijackers didn't have to socially engineer anything, they just relied on the assumptions of the time. After 9/11, passengers got more aggressive. The shoe bomber and the underwear bomber were shut down and restrained by alert passengers. I would typically agree with you; but the thing that I have really enjoyed in the transition to iproute2 is that ip handles all of: link state, address configuration, arp, tunnels, routing, transformation and a few other obscure things. It brings these together into one tool and unifies the argument syntax for all of them, I find it much easier to play with the network stack using 'ip'. If it's about violations, or money, I can't strictly tell; it's one of those things that depends on who you talk to: http://lwn.net/Articles/475901/ That they use the money for "good things" is great; however, if you're trying to get greater compliance then perhaps this approach is flawed. If they're placing too high a monetary value on non-compliance with the license, then you could easily see why these companies would push back and seek these types of alternatives; or flat out deny the use of (L)GPL software in their products entirely. In the end, this is probably the opposite of what the SFC intended and may result in the loss of their greatest legal tool. I think the problem is that you honestly believe that he was genuinely telling people that they should die. It's an expression, and not terribly uncommon, either. Leadership doesn't require politeness. Fairness is probably what you really want. Sorry to be snarky; but, compare $0 (Audacity) to $225 (reaper), $500 (cubase), $600 (vegas), $130 (Propellerheads). Not an uncommon story, I suspect.. but, Roger? You can.. at least I do with UPS all the time. It's called "hold for pickup." You put your name and phone number on the package, but use the address of the UPS shipping facility itself. When the box arrives there, they give me a call, let me know it's waiting, and that I have 5 days to come pick it up. Yea.. I do have to drive to pick it up, but at least I'm not at the mercy of the driver's schedule. Once it's there, I can get it when it's convenient for me. I see his argument.. but why not just partner with ISPs? If HBO doesn't want my $8 directly, then why not let AT&T (or whoever) charge me an extra $8/mo along with my DSL (or whatever) bill and get HBOGO? It would be nearly identical to their current model, but with different types of subscriber organizations distributing their content for them. I'll wait and see how Netflix does on producing original content; HBO seems really good at it. Over the years they've shot some amazing shows and the product speaks for itself. Even though I am a current Netflix subscriber I would still easily add HBOGO to my monthly bills for premium access to their content. Also.. their largest carriers also serve a lot of cable internet, for most it wouldn't be adding a competition so much as adding another way to get at subscribers money. I'm not so sure they would be in a huge rush to drop them. I wonder if it be possible to utilize something like the http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Interplanetary_Transport_Networ... to get to the edge of the solar system with low energy requirements, and then burn the engines when you're out near Neptune? Maybe I'm missing something, but why would you patch SSH instead of just using something like pam_mysql and nscd? Why should the browser be required to deal with this? They used javascript to build up a giant page, why don't they use the same facilities to cull the parts of the page that have already scrolled off the top of the screen? Everyone wants rich apps in the browser, but no one wants to pay the price of it. So.. does that mean that we committed "acts of war" without any congressional approval when we unleashed Flame and Stuxnet on our "enemies?" It wasn't even clear this was a slide deck until I looked at the URL. RFC6296 (NPTv6) makes a reasonable case for address independence and points out some issues with PI. http://tools.ietf.org/html/rfc6296#section-1.1 I'm not anywhere near the firewall team, but my company seems to struggle with blocking these services quite a bit. In particular, google drive is very hard to block: they use HTTPS and they don't have a fixed set of addresses that the service is delivered from. Their solution? Add a GPO to all our windows machines to force a '127.0.0.1 drive.google.com' entry into all the HOSTS files on our network. Moving away from proprietary standards, to open ones, is a declaration of war? Wow. Could it be that Google is tired of paying to license a technology that has free alternatives? Especially considering that they will keep the proprietary option for its paying customers; this seems very likely. That's what this seems to be, I've even noticed that the first ring may even sound a bit different from subsequent rings. I think the first layer ring is the actual call setup being attempted across the cellular network. Once the receiving phone is located and receives the signal that a call is incoming, you begin to hear the second layer ring. The dial tone actually ends after the first digit is dialed. However, this is a significant digit, especially for older equipment. If you pressed 0, you would get the operator immediately. No phone numbers could begin with zero. If you pressed 1, you would be connected to a long distance trunk and an area code would then be expected. No local prefixes could begin with 1. If you pressed any other number it was a local call. Also, on analog networks, maximum modem speed was 56kbps. 64k was the theoretical maximum, but the FCC placed limits on the amount of power you could have in certain frequency bands on the line -- hence 56k was the maximum speed. On a purely digital network, like ISDN, you could receive 64kbps on each channel. No, she used the distortion to decode the specific subcarrier that holds the RDS information. This had nothing to do with the decryption, as the data decoded at this step would include regular RDS/RDBS data along with the _encrypted_ TMS data. The decryption is performed in a second step. The reason she had to do it this way is because most radios do not provide a convenient way to get at the subcarrier data. Only if the OCR couldn't process it, although the OCR has gotten a lot better so the "Remote Encoding Centers" see a lot less volume. You could always tell when your mail failed the OCR in the past because it would have a faint orange barcode printed on it -- this was used to track it through the human encoding system at the RECs. I wouldn't be that sure. The NSA made DES _more_ secure in the 1970s by influencing IBMs design of the S-Boxes, regular cryptography research didn't even discover this until 1992. This means that the NSA understood differential cryptanalysis 22 years before non-NSA researchers did. Their ability to brute force is meaningless if they have techniques to obviate it's necessity. This seems to take the long way around. I wonder why they didn't consider just using the firewall to control network traffic; unless you really need your applications to be completely unaware of IPv6, but so far, I've not experienced that problem. Also, requiring root privileges for launch is a bit of a burden in some use-case scenarios. EAS has so many weaknesses, I'd actually qualify this as the least worrisome. The way we deploy any computerized equipment that is a part of our air-chain includes firewalls and only allowing connections to the necessary servers for CAP type alerts. Every EAS receiver is typically monitoring other stations in the area for EAS relay. We actually have a tuner tuned to another station in the market and if we hear an EAS alert go across the air on their station we simply relay it. Due to the FM capture effect, it's _very_ easy to attack this channel; especially because there's _zero_ authentication on these incoming "relay" messages. Even worse, some types of messages are setup for "national relay." This system was tested recently to ensure that a message could be relayed like this from one end of the country to the other -- and yes, it can. So, if you construct the right type of message, you can have it broadcast over _every_ station in america. Except the mouse doesn't know exactly where it is on the screen, or how it's concept of CPI (counts per inch) relates to pixels on the screen. Mid-Range Estimates: Engine: 300 to 450 pounds Transmission: 120 to 140 pounds Gas Tank: 20 to 25 pounds Radiator: 20 to 30 pounds So, roughly 460 to 645 pounds. Add 110 pounds for 15 gallons of gas. The comparison is a little more difficult than this though, because the batteries just store energy. The Model S still has a (416hp) motor, there are a few other differences (regenerative vs standard brakes) and equivalencies (inverter vs alternator). A Chevy 383 can make about 400hp+ in about 620 pounds. If we choose all our numbers for comparable cars that are highly in favor of the Tesla, we're still only likely going to match the weight of the Tesla's battery pack alone. The Model S curb weight is 4,647 pounds. A Cadillac STS, which is 5" narrower but very nearly the same in every other dimension as the Model S is only 3,922 pounds. That leaves the Model S 725 pounds heavier, still quite a bit of difference. Fortunately, microcode updates are not persistent across boots. To do that it would require some type of persistent memory on the CPU itself. You could open the chip and look for memory of this type, it requires certain special features to operate, and they're somewhat easy to pick out of a chip shot. There's also an engineering reason to avoid doing this: persistent memory cells based on silicon have a limited number of write cycles. With current materials in the CMOS manufacturing process; to be a little nitpicky. Specifically, it was extended to 1522 bytes in 802.3ac. I think they're more concerned with their reputation and the perception of their internal practices and controls, and most importantly the value of their "technology." Just read the second and third sentence of Goldman's reply. Wasn't he doing this for the entire time he was employed at Goldman? They only checked _after_ he decided to leave? To #3: how many exploits do you think you can fit in 383kB? That being the amount of free memory in his BIOS dump. Even assuming that you could find unused space inside other modules then how many exploits could fit even in 4MB? To me it depends; a simple exploit, sure. The air-gapped ip over bare audio seems like it would take a fair amount of processing on its own, unless the system libraries provide signal analysis functions. Also, unless it can just decode raw bits and somehow shuffle them to the network layer of one of the existing adapters you're going to need quite a bit of code to handle that part of it as well. The less energy you use to lift the weight, the more time it takes to move that weight; if it takes you 10 times as long to generate the energy as it does to use it, then you're going to need massive generation capacity to get anything appreciable happening in a reasonable time frame. Gold is rare. Gold is used for things. You can argue about the _scale_ of the value, and whether or not current market conditions truly reflect the value of an ounce of gold, but that does not remove the fact that it is an actual resource, limited in availability and has practical uses in and of itself. Sure, but it still has no utility on it's own. Interesting point though, because it brings up a weakness of bitcoin in general; the same weakness that got us off the gold standard in the first place. It can also be viewed directly in the 'psql' shell with '\df'. According to the UPC it is a PSCBLU-025003, which is marketed as the Satellite C855-S5343. I don't see the UPC being associated with any other product. Entering this information into the warranty information page on Toshiba instead states it was purchased Feb 24th 2013, and the warranty expires on Feb 24, 2014. It's better than SysV init, but there are a dozen other init's out there, all with different properties. Not everyone cares about "linux on the desktop," and not everyone thinks that freedesktop.org is doing the best job as far as that goes either. I'm not trying to be snarky here; but systemd is hosted on freedesktop.org, is it not? That is its primary place of development as well, no? Admittedly, I've always associated systemd as a project as part of this nebulous "effort" to bring linux on the desktop forward. I also assumed that's why they went to the trouble to integrate systemd into dbus so heavily. I have read some of Lennart's essays -- but I generally strongly disagree with his conclusions, so I haven't been paying attention for a while. I think his solutions are over complicated and rely on too much impenetrable technology to actually save me any time. The arguments have been made elsewhere, so I won't go into it that deeply, but I think departure from the "unix way" is folly and will only make administration more difficult. As far as getting used to it goes; this is still unix. I can still install whatever initd I like after the fact. Which I do. Yes, this means I have to do more work than I would have to do if I relied on vendor packages, but we generally use custom packages for all our critical services anyways. Since we're going to have to deal with it whether or not we're using systemd, and we're already rolling out a non-standard initd to our distributions, we don't feel we have to make any investment in learning systemd. Well.. Lennart points this out, then walks right past it. The problem isn't the init, or the boot process, or any of that. The problem is the reliance on 'fstab'. This is where Lennart/Freedesktop kill me; rather than notice that the underlying mechanism should be replaced, they figure they should just build a better mousetrap on top of it. If you want to make linux more "desktopy" without screwing around too much with stupid initd decisions, then fix some of these broken underlying mechanisms. Unless he's really suggesting that my big problem is that my /usr partition might be on a removable device. daemontools has the best philosophy for this in my opinion: just start the service. If the prerequisites are unavailable, the service will just terminate. If that happens, wait one second, then try start again. It's perfect. No stupid 5 minute timeout like sysvinit, no stupid dependency management like systemd/upstart, very little to consider when adding new services. If you want to use it as your init.. just look into 'runit-init'. I've been using this for 4+ years, and it's fantastic. It's a design that's iterated over many decades, and it hasn't always been easy for them; the payment network is huge. Plus, if you think security is bad now, remember that before this we were writing checks for most transactions. At least with credit cards I can discover fraud usually the same day it occurs, and they are far more convenient that checks ever were -- as someone who has used both, I'm not all that bothered by the current state of the system. NAT64? It's still an absolute mess. From http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/NAT64 : "Not everything is accessible with NAT64, such as SIP, Skype, MSN, and sites with IPv4 literals.[a] However, 464XLAT RFC 6877,[3] which uses NAT64, allows for such protocols over ipv6 only connections." Some people make the following distinction: when pronounced as a word, it's an acronym. If it's not, then it's an initialism. Offer free copies yourself. Degrade the quality, embed advertising and maintain a solid back catalog. That kid? No, the enemy is the people who hired him, gave him no oversight, had no auditing or controls on internal information and encouraged him to continually exceed his authority. Include the team of shameless government managers, many who swore an oath to uphold and defend the constitution, turning this operation and all these databases over to a third party and these kids. The fact that this was released to the "Computer History Museum" was apparently missed or not understood by the majority of the audience. I've brought up the S-Box strengthening several times before, but it's important to note that the NSA pushed IBM to reduce the key length in DES. IBM wanted 64 bits, NSA wanted 48, and we all got 56 as a compromise; not entirely egalitarian work. These people are also isolated from the internal agency narrative, I imagine that can help quite a bit. They're fucking around well beyond PID 1. Default binary log formats. This odd binary messaging bus with god awful reverse domain names, a shifting binary protocol format that injects itself into the kernels standard text-based messaging formats. I find the whole dependency system completely bizarre, because to truly implement it, you have to hook into _everything_ and make it part of this odd binary mess they've created above. I really don't understand the route they are taking, I see the system becoming less capable and more fragile with this type of engineering being encouraged. ISO 9660 is 2352 bytes, actually. The logical size is 2048 bytes, but the other bytes are needed for error correction and other headers. If they're all recording sound, then an automatic alignment using "impulse" audio incidents might be able to work. Just a more advanced version of the "clapperboard" technique from early cinema. That is, if the cameras even have that much jitter or drift at the recording framerate used. Well.. if it hadn't been for the cock-sucking bubble in the 90s, they might be alright today. For commodity resistors, sure. There are high-performance resistors though, and they are usually packaged with a manufacturers mark (e.g. some of Vishay's line). Also, the resistance of the resistor is only part of what I care about when I specify the part. Temperature co-efficient and the technology behind the manufacture can matter quite a bit -- and those are harder to test. On some platforms, malloc(3) and free(3) are implemented in terms of mmap(2) and munmap(2). Which means, if you go beyond your buffer space, you'll end up in an unmapped page and cause a SIGSEGV or end up in NULL data. Since they used the freelist/malloc wrappers, they avoided this trap. Plus, IMO, if you're implementing a freelist, you're implementing 80% of what a malloc is anyways. It's _mostly_ freelist handling, the only way to add memory to a process aside from mmap(2) is setbrk(2). There's no way to give memory back, so they only thing left for a malloc implementation to do is create a freelist to reissue memory previously freed. You can say you're still backed by malloc(3) if you want, but you're only getting the setbrk(2) handling and throwing away everything else it's trying to provide you. What I was trying to convey is that if you say "I'll just implement a better freelist" you're really just fooling yourself. What you are doing is re-implementing most of malloc on top of malloc, poorly. If would have been better if they had gone whole-hog with a malloc library and built it from the ground up for their specific purposes instead of half-assed "freelist speedhacks." The 8080 had a 16bit address bus, though; which is what I always assumed was meant by referring to a machine by it's "bit count." I believe you would use it to determine a random outgoing port to use to contact the DNS server; this prevents spoofing. However, the port space is only 16-bits, so how you map the outputs of the MT into that space would have the biggest impact -- but you're right that's it's probably best to avoid it entirely. It depends largely on the type of blast, an air blast, which is the most destructive to property and buildings is the least contaminating in it's effects; e.g. Hiroshima and Nagasaki. However, if you let the bomb detonate very close the surface, you get less destruction in terms of the blast, but you get insanely high radiation levels for a long time afterwards. Analogous to Chernobyl. It's a little scary, but this particular attack is only viable against AES-128, and to a lesser extent AES-192. Using the full number of rounds in AES-256 makes cache timing attacks much less likely to succeed. For right now, it does not matter. Their goal is to fix the project from a security point of view, and it would be impossible if they tied their hands with that during the course of development. In the future, you can expect the same deal as OpenSSH, OpenNTPD and all the other OpenBSD software that _eventually_ gets ported to other architectures when it reaches a point of stability and safety that it makes sense to do so. Not right away, it will just be slightly less accurate. Ignoring all other sources of errors, for extremely high precision work you still might want to correct for the relativistic difference in time between the satellite and the surface; but in a post-apocalypse setting, I don't think you'll mind the small drifts. There's still plenty of other maintenance, like delta-v maneuvers that need to get done or the system will eventually fail. Likely within a year. It was sequential but bank-addressed. The AGC had it's own assembly language[1] and was a pretty recognizable general purpose computer[2] for it's time. 1: http://authors.library.caltech.edu/5456/1/hrst.mit.edu/hrs/a... 2: http://authors.library.caltech.edu/5456/1/hrst.mit.edu/hrs/a... There are other benefits. It's a federal crime to tamper with US Postal mail or private mailboxes. It's also a federal crime to commit fraud by using the USPS. It's somewhat like fax, there are differential legal protections in place that make it a preferred service for certain scenarios. Well, he built his empire on Emitter Coupled Logic. He didn't have the limitations of CMOS to deal with and so parallelism wasn't as necessary for continued computational power. The jury made a number of findings in the case, one of which was that the warning on the cup wasn't large enough nor sufficient enough to convey the dangers of the temperature of coffee that they serve. I'm sure they also took into consideration that Stella Liebeck originally asked for $20,000 for damages and had tried to negotiate several times before the case went to trial; she clearly went to some length to avoid this. What warning difference? It's hard to find any definitive answers, but the case happened in 1992. Based upon my own recollections, this was the time where every fast-food chain started putting warnings on everything. McDonald's even added warnings to their hot apple pies and other "served hot" foods. Would Liebeck have acted differently? That's not the objective of the jury in this case, especially considering that McDonald's conceded that their warnings were likely inadequate. To the extent that it is relevant, the jury did find Stella Liebeck 20% at fault for the accident and so the damage award was adjusted accordingly. I don't know why, but I felt compelled to make it spin. http://jsfiddle.net/X53Ju/7/ I've switched to 'most' instead. You can use to scroll left and right in the document. From http://www.axionpower.com/Technology : "Our test protocol requires a complete charge-discharge cycle every 7 hours to a 100% depth of discharge. During testing, our laboratory prototypes have withstood more than 2,500 cycles before failure. In comparison, most lead-acid batteries designed for deep discharge applications can only survive 400 to 600 cycles under these operating conditions." The interesting part about their batteries isn't the lifespan, it's the lifespan under 100% depth of discharge. You can easily get around 2k cycles out of a flooded cell lead-acid battery, but you can only go down to 60% discharge and you must carefully monitor the battery chemistry to get prolonged lifespan. Along with it's high current capacity, this would make it an interesting battery for renewable energy storage more than anything else. It's too bad they don't have a solid datasheet for their product yet. I'd like to see their figures for internal resistance, self discharge and performance over typical operating temperature ranges. Until we get to see this data, it's hard to say if this will be a profitable product. Serious question: are you sure you'd actually be happier? I like efficiency as much as the next guy, but that doesn't mean that I'm looking forward to companies more efficiently marketing to me. Especially if it's going to be constant. It can go both ways. When I was researching for the next car I was going to buy, I started getting a _ton_ of car advertisements; however, most of them were useless. What their simple algorithm failed to notice is that I was looking at a very specific class of cars, and I spent more than 1 hour on several manufacturers websites doing research and had mostly narrowed in on my choice. The proper move would be to see that and advertise different dealerships to me, but I only got ads for other cars that I already decided I _didn't_ want. Also, I like to research, in general. Which means I can often come across and get deeply into some very odd subjects and it seems there are some odd correlations out there in society. For example, after doing a bunch of research on different world religions and their origin stories, I started getting ads for the Mormon church, and strangely, for all types of gambling websites, destinations and attractions. None of this advertising was of any use. Also, isn't that one of the yet unrealized capabilities of a drone? You can have a control unit embedded with the forward observer so they can directly control the drone. Depending on their design you could have them land at the nearest FOB or directly at the line and re-arm it as desired. It doesn't have to have weapons control, even. If it's limited to an "AI scout" role it could just loiter around, find potential targets and flag them for a human operator. If the targets are reviewed to be valuable enough you could take manual control and fly an assault mission. That's the inherent risk of using a third party to host "your account" on a proprietary system. I have sympathy for all these artists, I truly do, but what were they expecting? Well, that and the fact that they didn't pay for the item in the first place. Any arbitrage beyond that is just cream on top of the price of the item anyways. It's worth pointing out that those numbers are of _ideal_ RPM and ideal power draw, real world results will vary significantly. Not quite. The current IPv6 global unicast table is a bit of a poorly planned mess. http://www.iana.org/assignments/ipv6-unicast-address-assignm... In 2006 they also gave ARIN a /23 and APNIC a /20. Then, one month later they expanded some previous RIR allocations into /12's; separate from the previous two allocations I mentioned. They are also allocated in a seemingly random order throughout 2000::/3, which they've decided to constrain their allocations to for some reason. To the point that the linux documentation project still recommends the following as an ipv6 default route example: /sbin/ip -6 route add 2000::/3 via 2001:0db8:0:f101::1 Yea.. it's /workable/, but a lot of decisions with respect to IPv6 feel like wasted opportunities that have only slowed adoption and promoted general confusion.