This is cool, but I feel there still something missing with all these browser based editors. For some reason I still prefer sublimetext2+firebug I had a similar impression. the video looks like the founders really don't know anything about the business they are getting into. The video looks cheesy, like a corporation trying to speak teen's language to sell them ice cream, not like somebody who understands artists. also it was hard to understand what the site does, there is something like a price slider on the demo page but does not slide. what the hell is going on? better read some explanation... the founder probably did many mistakes, good luck next time. this is one boring job. the guy does weird things from time to time. QR codes never became popular here in Turkey. I'm pretty tech savvy guy but I asked all the questions when I first tried a QR code. There was an android appstore that I can't find a download link, just a QR code, I didn't know how to download them and gave up. When I figured out that it holds information that must be interpreted by an app, I was amazed and fooled around to see how amazingly accurate it is at reading it. But still, I see why it never caught-on here. We are a nation used to transfer pirated audio/video files, crack games and just don't expect things to work like "take a photo and a website opens". There is a poster about a concert with a QR code? Just google the artists name with the city name and the first result is the website selling the tickets. Why bother to find out what is that funny barcode, download an app for that? Just google it, you will find what's going on... Oh they did care, that's why they hide and fight back. they are probably just morons filled with hatred and no plan other than "bomb this people". they just assumed that they won't be caught, didn't consider the possibility that they would be identified. actually attempt to hide identity in the crowd would look more suspicious. the idea of hiding in the crowd requires to blend in, not look like you are hiding something. ah, and sorry for the typos. duck duck go cares. they are small but with constant traffic increases. honestly, it is the only search engine that gives me motives to use something other than google. This is one of the things that you know instinctively and you can relate immediately when somebody puts it out in a formal way. Myself and a friend of mine suffer from depression and we both feel much better when we are somewhat tired late in the night. Anecdotal evidence was there, so we both used to get things done just before sleep. they can say it's napster(read piracy) when you are not traveling just for the sake of traveling, you are definitely looking for the comfort of the familiarity. if you are on leisure trip overseas you would not want to have the exact same experience that you have at home, you seek something novel. but when you are doing frequent business trips that you didn't want to go on first place and you don't have much time for anything other than work you don't want to do risky stuff. all your mind is over the thing you are supposed to do and you just want some "home comfort" to refresh yourself and get your mind ready for the task. how easy is to use GO with other frameworks, let's say PHP? Would it be possible to write an application that uses PHP for some tasks, so you can benefit from the speed of GO and the the maturity of PHP? Actually, likes and shares may make people feel like they did their part and can move on. Donate, then share culture would help but if everybody thinks they are doing great job by "charity marketing" then we have a problem. Probably UNICEF has a problem so they are taking an action against it. I would not say that sharing the word is volunteering because it's so trivial that people share and like things by mistake all the time. When was the last time you heard somebody accidentally helped somebody in need? maybe charities can exploit the methods that games use? badges, avatars... something to differentiate paying and sharing users without scaring away the sharing folks while rewarding the donors. it could be very useful professional gadget for some but at this time it looks like the times when Microsoft was pushing the tablets without solving key problems. then one day the ipad came and did orders of magnitude better than all the tablets that microsoft endorsed for years. one day a company may figure out how to solve all these things and then we can have a glass that is a mass market product. the student is right because it states "into 2 pieces" which means you do one cut to an object and you now have 2 objects. this is total number of pieces = number of cuts + 1 from the beginning. probably the person who graded the question assumed that you are cutting chunks from an object, like slicing a bread. for every cut(except the last one) you get one new object, so every cut is +1 new object. if you slice the whole thing and the remaining object can be +1 piece, just like in the first situation, if you consider the last piece equal to the pieces you cut. so, +1 to the student :) this is not a plausible scenario at all. if the quantity of work done is not equal at each step the question is impossible to answer which means that the teacher is nor right, just there is a possibility to be right. but then, every answer could be right, just adjust your cutting path according to the answer you would like to be correct. before reading the article: Yay! we are in the future, finally. after reading the article: oh, it's just a steerable parachute powered by a propeller attached to a something like a car. I guess this is how sensationalist headlines work. Very well said. In my not-so-democratic home country, in many businesses the norm of doing business is not strictly by the law and the government turns blind eye on this as long as you play the ball. Whenever somebody upsets somebody in power, the might of the legal system crushes them without touching their cooperating competitors. It is completely legal way to silence anybody who you don't like that much. The non-profits are even more exposed. We even have a mayor who tried to demolish the campus of a prestigious university that issued reports about contamination in the drinking water, putting political pressure on the mayor. After some media circus(the mayor sent bogus samples to be analyzed but when university took the samples by itself, the results were much different), somehow he found an irregularity in the papers of the buildings and issued an order to for demolishing the 60 years old, architecture awards winning campus. Thankfully the court decided that destroying the university was not in benefit of the society and blocked the order. I have to note that this happened in the capital of the country, the irregularity was that the drawings were not in the exact same scale that the town required and somehow the legal system proceeded so quickly when lagging for years to prosecute many scandalous building projects of some friendly businessmen. it's about giving Yahoo a new chance. nobody likes yahoo, people think it's an outdated company that screws up everything. but marissa brought a new hope as she is a beloved ex-googler and people want this to work out, thus it's not yahoo that bought tumblr, it's marissa. she is the one who is doing exciting things, not that outdated loser that screwed flickr. didn't msn messenger came with windows pre-installed? this means that your non-tech savvy friends have an incentive to use it, just like the internet explorer. "hey John, I want to chat with you over this internet thing" John likes Jane and wants to talk to her but she is not comfortable with downloading and installing programs. She noticed that there is an app which name suggests that it is for messaging, she clicked the icon, answered the questions and created an account. Now the tech savvy John has to create msn messenger account to talk to Jane. All the people missing from ICQ are on msn messenger now and those on ICQ can easily create a msn accout. At first both msn and ICQ run side by side but msn messenger has all the people from the ICQ while ICQ lacks many of the friends. Why bother to use ICQ? the starting sound is not good enough reason and the RAM is scarce resource for many. so, don't run ICQ all the time, only when you need it. Msn catches up with the features and people don't have reason to use ICQ anymore. you can switch to some other network if you have somebody to interact there. also, many hated ICQ. it had annoying spam, the messages you receive from people that are not on your list. people can move away from facebook only if there emerges a network with a killer feature, builds up some core network of early adopters and the rest follows them because they know the people there. there don't have to be a middle ground. remember some posts few days ago about complaining that we are going back to 1999? well, that's because good designers try to accomplish a goal, they find a way to make a crack in their way and everybody follows. now it's a trend, people with little analytic thought say "yes, this is the correct way of doing things" and exploit the new ideas but without thinking too much about it. this results in flood of poor designs of the current trend that don't serve any goal. later, some new technology emerges, some clever designer find even better way to accomplish a goal and now we have another trend emergeing and all the zombies follow until erode it, miss use the techniques and ideas. the cycle continues all the time. sometimes a new technology or platform makes possible to take an old idea even further in solving a problem. some clever designer exploits it and now we have a retro. of course, the mass degrades it again:) no middle ground exist, it's just cycles of progress. There was an article about the IRS targeting legal organizations that are not exactly beloved ones by the government. Sure, FBI are not evil or anything but even one abuse is too much. Government agencies are build to act according to the status quo. What if the government is not perfect and there are people trying to change something but the government in power is opposing it. Ending the slavery, ending the Vietnam war, gay rights or any movement with an opposition in Washington could have been destroyed with the power that FBI is seeking. The recent decriminalization of drugs in some states could have been prevented if FBI had this power of intercepting all communications. People must have means to challenge the government with non-violent actions. Just because FBI may catch some terrorists is not good enough reason to give them all the means to preserve the status quo. I am not even talking about individual abuses that may occur, compared to society engineering, they are not that important anyway. anything client-side is never about security or consistency since no matter what you do, anybody can always send you any data they want. client side validity checking is about the user experience, I mean if the user is doing something wrong you can guide them to the right direction without the need of server interaction and server interaction is always slower that one line of client side code. sorry, I don't know such tools. you would be also surprised that there are lot's of people using IE. The fact is, you and probably most of the people here on HN are the 1%. ABP has 15 million users on firefox and 10 million on chrome. This is 25 million users worldwide, so out of a total 2.4 billion internet users ABP users are about 1% of the world population. the rest, 99% of the internet users are people who see ads. probably some of them also never clicked an ad but since the advertisement industry is a huge one, it is safe to assume that it works. the rules are listed on the page as: you nave to retweet and you have to follow namecheap to qualify again from the rules: If the deal gets enabled, your account should meet the following criteria to take advantage of the offer so it clearly says that if you want to take advantage of the offer, you need to retweet and follow actually, according to the founder's speech(in turkish) koding is more about social project management than a IDE on the cloud, just because. they hope to make money from selling servers. if enough crimes can be committed by sharing data online then the government would have enough incentive to hold complete control over the internet to prevent such crimes. these people really want total control over flow of information. though it is easy to create such a service, sometimes big companies just don't mess too much with things that are working just well and there is a room for niche products. still, it is very risky to offer a products only to someone else's users - you are out at the moment that the big company decides to implement the feature you are offering. technically, yahoo,google and microsoft(icq,myspace,friendter too) had all the resources to create most of the now popular online services like insagram, facebook, tumblr but they did not and now are buying these or compete with them fruitlessly. couldn't facebook create an app with filters? yes, but they bought instagram because of the userbase. so I agree with you that these are bad investments but only when the projects don't have something that could not be recreated with few engineers. >The Nokia devices ship with so much out of the box functionality that most people probably won't even install any if this is true, WP8 is just a feature phone with lots of features. if people are not installing apps then the developers wont build apps. according to here: http://www.internetworldstats.com/stats.htm there are 2.5B internet users. since google is more than a search engine(android, gmail, adwords and so on) we can assume that most of these users somehow interact with google services, so just adding other expenses and deviding the number to 2.5 billion would give a quite accurate result. I would say apple addressed that problem with macbook air. it feels like real computer, yet it has amazing battery and portability. what I am seeing is that people use air for the more serious jobs when sitting somewhare and their smartphone for the rest. "it feels like real computer" was to contrast it with the surface and other devices that are supposed to replace the laptops, not to imply that macbook air is not a real laptop. well, actually it seems to be at least his 2nd hire if he is not using it as a bargain chip. if he is saying the truth, he previously managed to get somebody executed for 80k. In Turkey, we have these things called virtual credit cards. You basically log in into internet banking, click a button to generate a new card, it shows up instantly, then you define how much limit it would have and you are ready to use it. For convenience you can use that card many times, just reset the limit or you can create new one if you wish. It's really good, I use it every time. Hmm, can this be implemented in JS frameworks, so that can be done with less code? you should read about: http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Miller_cylindrical_projection but this one seems to do what it claims to do. it's pretty scary for people who don't have decent backup system. but these same people live with the risk of losing their data due to a drive failure, so... I don't know, maybe it's not just about countries or cultures but about the current safety state in the place you are. My car broke down in Germany on relatively wealthy area(Wiesbaden, close to Frankfurt) and lot's of people tried to help me and I end up with a job and wonderful friends. This is quite cool actually. It reminds you that if your device has a sensor, it can communicate. It should be possible to communicate through a webcam and a screen when the airgapped devices are on the same room. It could be possible to communicate by accelerometer(macs has these) and inducing vibrations using the HDD when the devices sit on the same table. No, not QR codes since it would require the webcam capturing the screen directly. The screen may be used as a light source for the transmission and the webcam can capture the light reflecting from the walls... maybe, there are problems with the story. So, this is basically using the Google bot as a proxy. I don't see what Google can do about it, or does Google have to do anything at all. Just secure your website as if the attacker is not going to use the Google bot as a proxy, because well, nobody can guarantee that the attacker will use the Google bot. Google bot is nothing more than a computer sending HTTP GET request to your server, so if your site is vulnerable to HTTP GET requests why you write like there is something special about Google bot? Why? Do you want anybody but Google to hack your site? Why would Google spend resources on unnecessary detection of SQL injection(which probably will not be perfect anyway and may break legit requests) when anybody can hack your website? I just can't justify why do you expect Google to spend resources on not running bogus HTTP GET request when anybody can run those? What is different about being hacked by Google bot and being hacked by an unsuspected user who clicks on a bogus link that was put on the same page where Google found that link to your server? Just doesn't makes sense. From what my parents told me, during the communist Bulgaria people have been quite happy with the "jobs assignment" process. After graduation from college and if they are not going to continue their education they were given a list of available positions so they can pick few and they are placed according to their grades if there is a competition for a given position. On the other hand, the less meritocratic positions(like blue collar jobs in factories) were often subject to placement-by-bribery. Many would like a position where they can steal stuff for themselves. The seemingly meritocratic system gave them feeling of security but obviously the system was not working that well so the communist state collapsed and when it did, my parents lack of sense of the capitalist system left them in a limbo state. Those stealing, bribing folks did quite well in the communism-to-capitalism transformation period but many well educated people could not adopt and moved to well established capitalist economies where the meritocracy existed(at least they were finding jobs based on their credentials). However, at least my parents, never grasped the idea of entrepreneurship. They just don't have the basic instincts for doing a business and they failed miserably when they tried to start one. They are still working for other people. If the North Korean government fails, probably the turmoil will last for generations, until new culture emerges through a new generation of young people who can have an idea about how a capitalist society works. PS: We were from a discriminated minority, so maybe it was easier for the native Bulgarians however the North Korea seems to be much worse even than the last days of the communist Bulgaria. Electrical Engineer & Obstetrician Those permissions are just like an "EULA" or any other legal writing that the users just skip as fast as they can. This is why I switched back to IOS, I had really hard time finding apps with permissions that are not ridiculous. Whats worse, most of the people I know just didn't care and used these apps, making em popular and high rated. IOS as awesome in this regard, after all, my phone is the most privately used device. I think am not a paranoid type but I am not O.K. with somebody out there accessing my location and contacts. I am actually surprised we don't have big scandals with rough apps spreading all kind of private data all over the internet. I made this one when I was trying to learn JavaScript: https://addons.mozilla.org/en-US/firefox/addon/budaneki/ It's an on-the-page look up and translation extension, I believe it was the first of it's kind when I made it and didn't use any JS framework but pure JS. I am kind of proud of it. Still have users regularly asking me to implement it for Chrome :) why not? it would be just like selling contraband cigarettes for the small guy. the big shots probably can just move to another market since they have a know how of dealing illegal stuff. If the problem you are solving is gone, you better be the person who solved it and collected the coins. If the existence of HTML/CSS guru depends on the bugs/problems of the browsers, they had plenty of time to see it coming. HTML/CSS is nothing more than a way to describe the way a page should look like. The HTML/CSS guru should not exist anyway since the designer is supposed to decide how the page should look like, so finally HTML/CSS is spoken by the right person without the translator, that is why HTML/CSS is just another yes no question. Hmm, semantics came from the APIs. Machines understand machines not by interpreting HTML but by special language that is made to be spoken between machines. The web of data has been largely achieved but but the organization of the data flow is taken over by human beings by tightly controlling what machines are talking with each other behind the scenes. HTML has been pushed even further to be a presentation tool rather than the medium for interconnected documents. machines rarely speak HTML these days but they talk with each other much more than before. At the end of the day, HTML is just another text file that tells the browser how to display some content to the human beings while machines exchange data by API. I don't think that Android users are any worse than IOS users however I strongly believe that Google Play needs to rethink it's policies. Thank you, this is cool. It's very annoying to read comments like "I gave 1 star but it's a good game" however I wonder how much is the actual effect on the ratings. Hi, I can say Google translate did good enough job. The speculation here in Turkey is that these are just kids. I see lots of complains from Turkish users on lot's of websites. Many Turks are switching to English just to get rid of this kind of comments. Hi, I am aware that the post on my blog is pretty shallow but my intention was not to dive deeper into the problem anyway. As you confirmed, the phenomenon is real. I am an IOS user and I was shocked when a friend told me about the comments people are making at Google Play, so I quickly put together a blog and wrote a post that dramatically exposes the problem. The idea is to catch attention of the people so that those who have the necessary tools and time can investigate it thoroughly. The problem is real and hopefully somebody in the position to fix it would see the post. Haha, funny thing: I've seen comments greetings their loved ones. Like it's on TV and their relatives are watching it :) Unlike "The Pirates of Silicon Valley", "Jobs" was painful to watch and it was not only because it was a bad movie but because I've already red the biography by Isaacson. It felt like somebody was lying to me to things I know that are not that way. It was like a creationist teaching me the evolution theory. I don't claim that The Pirates of Silicon Valley is completely accurate but but Jobs(movie) was out of line. It's not just that it got many facts wrong or lacked very important events, it felt so wrong on many levels, especially the way characters were portrayed. I am trying to build an app with AppGyver(cordova with lot's of native UI and really cool workflow - like trying the app on device immediately OTA) however I must say it's very limiting and if you say you would skip the native UI and build everything by your own, the app feels not-so-snappy. I should really buy a Mac and code native, this WebviewUI approach just doesn't cut it. how reliable are these tapes? Dogecoin is an example how your story about your product could make it or break it. Dogecoin is not yet another digital currency and this has nothing to do with it's technology. Most of the articles about Flappy Bird are frustrating. Everybody assumes that the developer somehow "hacked" the system, refusing to believe a phenomenon where sometimes just everything aligns and makes you successful. What I find even pathetic is that people trying to explain how Flappy Bird hacked it's way by the means available to everybody - like botnets posting reviews. I think in the reality it's just this: Sometimes people or products happen to be at the right time at the right place. Think about celebrities. Are the most popular actors that much outstanding from many others? Or musicians? Or artists? Most of them just happen to be caught to the perfect storm and they shine. Think about an actor who was in few movies before, but this time he is the Top Gun - and now we have Tom Cruise. What He did in Top Gun that he didn't in Risky Business? We like to believe that we live in a meritocratic society but most of the time glamour is about luck. I am not even sure that there is anyone or any product that is so outstanding that millions of people celebrate it for it's meritocratic qualities. That's why sometimes an old song becomes a hit many years later, like the song Beggin' became popular again 40 years after it's first debut. Did Madcon somehow made an outstanding cover for first time in 40 years? Sometimes it becomes a meme, like Three Wolf Moon becoming one after a review on amazon. Was this review first of it's kind or something really that outstanding? I don't think so. Flappy Bird was caught by the perfect storm, that's it. The game had the qualities, just like many other games, and some chaotic chain of events placed the game to a position where it can run for the glamour. it's kind of similar to beerware: http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Beerware I was waiting for something like this, but I expected somebody to build a flappy bird playing robot :) Do you know some good literature for machine learning 101? Where to start? Actually, it's the other way around. On the demo video the presenter says "the audio signal is transmitted from the computer to the phone". here at 2:15 : http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=X5I6qV2b5iw I am more curious about if the phone has to be always listening and what happens if there is noise in the environment. Also what if the attacker manages to bring a recording device close enough? Is the distance important because of the amplitude or because of the delay due to the speed of sound? what if the attacker transmits the audio in real time? In Turkey, though not in EU but an EU candidate, the biggest GSM operator founded an appstore for Nokia devices and the developers were to receive 1/8th of the selling price exactly because of the complications. It was before the iPhone era, so the appstore had an unique advantage for exposure of the mobile apps to the clients but the one of the biggest benefits was that the GSM operator was handling the billing procedure. If you were to sell the apps by yourself, other than the need to process payment, you were required to send a bill to the buyer and figure out the tax payments. If you sold your app through the GSM operator's store, they would just add the purchase to the clients phone bill and handle the taxes. Because of this service, the developers would have been earning 0,125$ from 1$ sale. This is borderline to SPAM, so I think the e-mails should be very personal. If you have many competitors I am probably getting lot's of these e-mails which means you would have much harder time to get my attention. Let's say you are a hosting provider, I probably would not like to get an e-mail from you offering me some good price or hard to understand feature of yours, because there are probably lot's of cheap hosting providers out there and every other provider is trying to differentiate themselves somehow. Other than "identifying my problem" you really shouldn't sound like giving me a sales pitch. But if you noticed that, let's say I have 350ms response time in Asia when it's only 50 in USA and you have some solution for it, I probably will reply you even if I am not going to buy your service right away. This is Cool! Actually it was my plan to find local businesses with bad/outdated websites and offer them a "renovation" but I didn't think to do this pragmatically. Thanks for the cool idea :) If I am going to look for some freelance work, I may actually try to imitate your approach. Exactly! This is how I differentiate SPAM from legit e-mails too. I don't mind if somebody is offering me some service or something, why should I? If I have a problem to be solved, I would be happy to get the offer. I am pretty sure that I've seen these. I have to say, I admire Steve Jobs in a sense that I admire Frank Underwood character in House of Cards serial. By mobile you mean Android. In IOS, apps needs to explicitly ask the user to access the contacts after installing the app. How is this graphs fault? The only fault the graph has is that it clearly displays the data, the problem is in the idea that is represented. It's formally called "Correlation does not imply causation" and it's fault of the person who is suggesting it. There is a famous satirical version of this too: http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/File:PiratesVsTemp(en).svg It has nothing to do with graphs, graphs are are just visual tools and people reading data from them are supposed to evaluate it just like reading data from any other tool and not jump into conclusions. What the graph in question suggests is that both "transistor count" and "average life expectancy in germany" have risen trough time and if you are reading this as "rising transistor count increases life expectancy" it's your fault. Why not read it like "from 1971 to 2011 both transistor count and life expectancy increased steadily, maybe because of the advances in technology - we should look into it, it's too early to say anything" This is not true. Correlation means that there is some kind of relation between two variables(for example, how they change over time) but it says nothing about the mechanics of the relation, which is the causation. Let me investigate this example: the observation: Students who watch less TV have better grades. It's not like pirates v.s. global warming, it actually makes sense at first and if you are the minister of education whose goal is to increase the grades among students and you don't have an idea about "Correlation does not imply causation" principle you may actually suggests to ban TV's to improve the education. You can even draw a fancy graph to support your idea. However, after further investigation you may find out that this would not work because it's not the TV that is causing the lower grades. Maybe the better students tend to watch less TV because they prefer to read books instead of watching TV. This time it may seem to suggests the opposite: Increasing the students success in school reduces the time the TV is watched. However after even further investigation you may find out that your better students are from poor families(maybe the schools in your country are accepting the best students without tuition and are not selective about these who can pay) that just don't have a TV set, or maybe these better students also need work part-time to support their families, thus they just don't have time for TV. Thus, you can't really change one value by synthetically manipulating the other one. Turns out, the correlation did not meant causation. I would not go into lengths to call correlation an evidence. It can be taken as a clue for further investigation because it also does not deny causation. My ex didn't have a smartphone but her phone had WhatsApp and Facebook and pretty much nothing else from the smartphone world was supported. I don't think that I had any choice other than WhatsApp since the person I wanted to talk had no other choice. I was using it not because of the interface or anything but because it enabled me, I personally don't like the visual design of WhatsApp btw. WhatsApp become incredibly popular here in Turkey and I suspect that it's mostly because of the fact that it was the only messaging app that almost everybody can install to their phone, including non-smartphone users. Everybody here have at least one phone but not everybody had a smartphone and if some of your friends are out of reach, its a deal breaker. Line, I belive had little bit traction, Viber too. WeChat even run TV ads but eventually, everybody have WhatsApp :) Thank you for the links. hmm, the logo's don't look like some giant-and-evil inc. is trying to sell you something so this could really appeal to the target community. makes sense. I remember reading an article about discount supermarket chains where the designs of the product packaging and the store itself were intentionally made cheap-looking to communicate the message "you pay only for the product, not for the fancy packaging, advertisement or store". So the logos of GNU maybe communicates just the right message instead of looking fancy. When you use the word "stealing" to describe anything other than shoplifting or burglary it instantly starts endless conflicts with each party with it's own definition of what is stealing based on their own definition of what is property and so on. I would like to describe the situation as cheating in the game without trying to going down into the rabbit hole that the digital goods opened(or expanded, since before the digital era we already had goods that are valuable other than it's material and building value. Books, Paintings, Designs, Blueprints and more). So, you are producing something with intention to gain money or maybe just reputation but often you already use other peoples work to do that - nothing is made out out of thin air. Then somebody is building some other product with some intention like making money, gaining reputation or something else and his product is using your product and maybe many other people's products. Let's say a website with AI that awesomely curates the content of other people. In this situation everybody produced a valuable product but the other guys product's success is on your expense. Ideally you would have an arrangement where everybody wins. I will give an example from the movies and music industries: a)When you have the arraignment it's iTunes store. b)When you don't have one, it's the Prate Bay. or Defense industries: a) When you have a contract it's joint venture and you exchange some information to build some product. b) When you don't have one and you spy on each other to create similar product its espionage. or personal relationships: a) When a couple are also seeing other people with the consent of the other one, it's open relationship b) If there is no consent, it's called cheating. It's not about stealing, it's about managing the resources in coordination with other parties so that everybody wins. Otherwise often one party wins in expense of the other, many time everybody loses in the long run. I agree, some of these effects are appropriator for negative ore attention seeking reactions. A checkbox must be checked before submitting the form? Shake the ckeckbox when the user clicks submit. Log-in failed? shake the log-in form. Word by word is feels unnatural, phrase by phrase may be better - I don't know. However, I have dyslexia and I often struggle to follow the line, sometimes I drop out and I have to read a sentence or two again to get in flow state. I found this method to really improve my reading speed but I am still not sure if want it as my default reading method. Hi, The method for blocking websites in Turkey is through ISP's DNS servers. So when you don't use a Turkish ISP DNS server you are all good with most of the blocked sites. Some websites, especially popular porn sites are blocked through the IP. In such cases you need a VPN or proxy. The tool you are using to check Twitter servers probably don't use a Turkish DNS server. If you don't believe, check the website status from the Informational Technology and Communication presidency of Turkey website: http://eekg.tib.gov.tr/ The court orders are displayed both in English and Turkish. You are welcome. If you have any questions feel free to ask, you can reach me by twitter too: @mrtksn this is how the DNS Look-up for twitter looks like at the moment: http://i.imgur.com/yKmmDYc.jpg I used TTNET's DNS server for this. It's the biggest ISP in the country. I just want to add few things: Most of the leaking tapes are from the corruption investigation that was effectively blocked by the PM. His son was to be detained too but he shuffled or dismissed any prosecutor or police force that would dare to. Later he restructured the Supreme Board of Judges and Prosecutors and did everything to stop the investigation and arrests. The son of the Interior minister was arrested too but the Interior minister himself remained in power till he helped out Erdogan to restructure judiciary and law enforcement forces. The legal files were leaked too. Turns out the Interior Minister knew about the ongoing investigation,so he created a team in the police to surveillance the other policemen who were after his son. It's surreal. Actually, censorship is nothing new for Turkey so some serious portion of the population knows how to overcome it. Probably these tweets are sent mostly by Turks in Turkey :) However, this is not the whole story. The current ruling party has huge support from the uneducated and/or religious masses that may not be that informed about the technology. Since 3 months new corruption documents are leaked through twitter, which puts pressure on the PM. Just yesterday there was a phone conversation of one of the Ministers leaked and apparently the guy was mocking Islam when he was trying to look like as devoted muslim in front of the public. I've down voted you because you claim that the leaked phone conversations are fabricated. few things about it: 1) some of the people involved accepted the authenticity of these recordings(some directly, some logically) 2) the recordings that were denied being authentic were investigated by audio forensic experts and they reported that these are real. 3) the pro-government media tried to scam US based audio studios to get reports to falsify these recordings. for an example, the mainstream pro-akp media used a report by Kaleidoscope Sound which was later denied by the studio. You can read their public statement here: https://www.facebook.com/KaleidoscopeSound 4) Other evidence brought to light by the opposition party supports the authenticity of these recordings. 5) These recordings are part of the legal prosecution. Though there were some recordings that were made illegally, the fact that the ruling party actively blocked the legal prosecution lives no choice for the public to learn about the accusations from the whistleblower. If the legal process was not blocked it would have been better to wait for the outcome of the prosecution, but in this case we don't have choice. Right now Turkish ISP's block twitter through their DNS. People using OpenDNS or Google DNS, or any other DNS service other than Turkish ISP's can access Twitter. However it's expected to see Twitter's IP's blocked anytime soon. In Turkey some websites, especially porn websites are also blocked by IP. Here is the DNS look-up result: http://i.imgur.com/yKmmDYc.jpg nope, unfortunately it's just your DNS cache. blocking Twitter is not censorship(because you can't expose private conversations about corruption) but downvoting is(because you are preventing pro-government statements being celebrated). this is what Turkish people are dealing with. I would like to post a comment from previous discussion, explaining what is this all about: https://news.ycombinator.com/item?id=7439602 ------------ Background info: This is hypothesized to be a reaction to a series of audio recordings that were anonymously released over time. These were ridiculously damning, clearly someone is tapping phones without anyone else's knowledge. Previously: http://www.theguardian.com/world/2014/feb/27/turkish-pm-corr... http://www.al-monitor.com/pulse/iw/contents/articles/origina... http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/2013_corruption_scandal_in_Turk... Some highlights from the "alleged" recordings so far: - PM calling to get news about an opposing party removed from a TV channel multiple times - Modifying political poll results to manipulate public opinion - Getting people of opposing opinions fired - Buying a large paper shredder to destroy documents - PM calling son to ask how much money there is at home, son replies saying about 1 trillion, then switches to 3-5 kurush (cents in turkish). - PM calling son to say "they're raiding the houses, zero out the money". Son says there's only 30 million euros left. - Call to order the judges to be fixed, and says that a specific person is to be imprisoned. - Trying to manipulate who goes on the supreme court. - Says "ignore the prosecutor who's running the corruption investigations". Orders documents ripped up. (source: http://www.hurriyet.com.tr/yazarlar/25981622.asp ) The official reason for the shutdown is that there were sexual photos of some poor citizen released on twitter against her will, and she complained but twitter refused to take them down. So they decided to shut down the entire website. Yeah, right. Of course this is ominous that at the end of this month, the local elections will take place. No coincidence. It's surreal how all this is going down. It's like watching a conspiracy theory movie. Blatant shills everywhere, media manipulation abounds, blatant lies heard on TV from the horse's mouth. We were all skeptical already, it's inevitable when you live in a third world country for years, but wow. When you hear the insiders actually talking to each other, it's a whole new level. more news on this specific event: http://www.hurriyetdailynews.com/turkey-blocks-twitter-after... http://www.aljazeera.com/news/europe/2014/03/turkey-erdogan-... Related old post here: https://news.ycombinator.com/item?id=7189577 edit: Erdogan stated a few days ago that he didn't care what the world thought, and he would eradicate twitter. He said "how dare they listen to our encrypted phone conversations". It's expected that on the 25th, something huge is going to be released that might sway the elections bigtime. Whoever is posting these are doing it slowly and deliberately, a few days at a time, building up anticipation. So people think that twitter getting shut down is probably related to this. edit2: All recordings were put on youtube by someone: https://www.youtube.com/user/haramzadeler333 a reply: ------ I just want to add few things: Most of the leaking tapes are from the corruption investigation that was effectively blocked by the PM. His son was to be detained too but he shuffled or dismissed any prosecutor or police force that would dare to. Later he restructured the Supreme Board of Judges and Prosecutors and did everything to stop the investigation and arrests. The son of the Interior minister was arrested too but the Interior minister himself remained in power till he helped out Erdogan to restructure judiciary and law enforcement forces. The legal files were leaked too. Turns out the Interior Minister knew about the ongoing investigation,so he created a team in the police to surveillance the other policemen who were after his son. It's surreal. Actually many people expect that it's probably not a sex tape but evidence about a political assassination and the PM himself is involved. Since a while the whistleblowers are talking about it, giving teasers and so on. edit: the attorney of the victim made a statement that they didn't demand twitter shut down: https://twitter.com/uygar_sirin/status/446949526637527040/ph... Earlier this morning, a judge gave an interview to CNN Turk, saying that the court did not issued a complete shut down order bu the body who regulates the internet used the court order to do this. edit2: The prosecutor, quoted by the regulatory body as the reason for the shut down, denies such an order: https://twitter.com/e_altn/status/446953513839767553 -------------- This is like taking whole telephone network down because somebody is spreading lies on the phone. or blocking Google because it can be used to find child pornography. or Cutting the electricity in a whole country if somebody complained that he is being electrocuted. What should have been done is to prosecute the person who is doing it. It's not like these photos went mainstream or anything. Nobody knows who is that person or have seen these photos. Even if that was the case, you still have to punish the offenders, protect the victim without shutting down a fundamental service to everybody. Hopefully, till the end of time. The military interventions are the primary reason for political Islam to have such an influence over the Turkish society. Actually it's the Interior minister, the original OP probably made a mistake. The phone conversation goes like this: +son, tell me what do you have at home? is there anything... -no dad, what can I have? +how much money do you have at home? -only left overs from my own money, just few cents((3-5 kurush is an idiom to describe small, almost neglectable amounts of money)), you know about it... +how much? -about 1,000,000 Turkish liras(he says 1 trillion, in old currency - Turkey dropped 6 zeros from it's currency but people often use the old numbers) dad... 1,000,000 is about 450,000 USD you can listen to the recording here: http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=kJwlEpShpTM here are some photos from the raid, leaked to the press : http://i.imgur.com/mqBxsRB.jpg Here is english-dubed version of the leaked phone conversation between the PM Erdogan and his son, allegedly when trying to get rid of evidence: http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=htUIHJuDNzk&feature=youtu.be About the MITM attack: TurkTrust, the only ssl certificate authority in Turkey, was recently involved in a huge scandal: http://nakedsecurity.sophos.com/2013/01/08/the-turktrust-ssl... Do you think that it's possible for the government to force TurkTrust to generate fake certificates for Google & Twitter and intercept the SSL traffic using TTNET? They did that, apparently by mistake, on the EGO(government company in Ankara) network by generating fake Google certificates. Is there something to stop them from doing this on national level? I don't think the ISP's would reject cooperation. They should be able to watch Twitter's frontend address and ban it accordingly. Right now the solutions are VPN, Tor and opera mini style proxy services. It's expected that they may go after these too. AFAIK the law requires ISP's to take measures against censorship avoidance methods. The PM acts against the social media as if it's an existential threat for him. I am not sure if he rationally calculates these actions or he just can't handle any speech that is not controlled directly by him.(as the leaks indicate, he practically controlled the traditional media for years since) take a look at the console. >Fails thus far: 5 A Turkish scholar have nice analysis on this. She thinks that the Turkish government does not seek to completely ban the spread of information and knows that it's not possible. Instead the government tries to demonize the social media to keep it's supporters away from it. here is the full article: https://medium.com/p/cb596ce5f27 I can confirm NS lookup to Google DNS, when done using the national cable ISP network, returns spoofed results. here: http://i.imgur.com/jfZS31C.png