http://www.mongodb.org/display/DOCS/Durability+and+Repair "Of course, some problems require greater durability: we would not recommend using it for a bond trading system." I worked for kink.com for 4 years as a lead sr software engineer. We built an amazing platform on jboss/j2ee that deals with fairly massive scale. I finally decided to move on recently in order to get a change of scenery. While looking for a new gig, every one I interviewed with was quite interested to know what it was like working in the castle. Maybe it kept me from getting a few gigs, I don't know, but the reality is that the experience I gained at kink certainly opened up a lot of opportunities that I didn't have before. I'd say don't worry about it and go for the job. One bit of insider info is that porn companies have a hard time finding really good geek talent. So, if you are truly good, and most of you probably aren't, you can use that to your advantage. Good luck on your job hunting. The boring meetings and conflicts only came relatively recently. It used to be a really fun place to work, but some hires which brought in silly cover your ass politics and corporitification (funny word) really put a damper on things. I'm not saying this to be mean, just clarifying the facts from someone who was on the inside. I do love kink.com and hope the best for them. Funny, these AHN's come up every few months or so. I wrote a good portion of the code and architecture for the kink.com sites. Decided to leave after 4 years working there pretty much because my job there was done, things work really well. Despite what people might think, it was not hard at all to find a 'real' job again as my experience working in extremely high traffic environments is desirable. I did the backend stuff, but wrote a lot of the jsp pages as well. It is all Java/J2EE/JBoss/EJB3/Hibernate with some fairly complicated single sign on stuff going on to allow cross domain auto-login. Hi HN. Great responses. The reason for the title of my posting is not to call 'Subversion A Mistake.' It was because of something Linus said in his video (which I highly recommend you watch). Basically, what he said is that if you can't trust your VCS to have the code in it that it should (and verifiable via hashes), then that is everything. I agree. The Subversion Team, who are all great people and _really_ smart, made a huge mistake with adding mergeinfo to 1.5. It is a trainwreck of pretending to be able to do merges reliably, but in reality, it plain doesn't work. I talk about two specific cases where it breaks down in my posting, but there are many more. Subversion has a lot going for it, I just think that the mergeinfo feature should just be thrown out and reworked from the ground up. My guess is that it will never happen as people will move on to newer and better systems, like git. Nice job! This is full of fail. Your email address is not your identity. I must be able to change my email address without having to change my identity. It isn't about being surprised. Apple is still supplying the JVM. At my company, some IT guy sends out an email saying 'don't install Lion cause Java isn't installed and it breaks Network Connect'. It is this kind of unnecessary confusion which doesn't help anyone. My blog post is simply telling people how they can fix their stuff after Apple decides to make things difficult and confusing for people. So then why not remove ruby and distribute that separately? How about the multi-gig translation language packs that I'll never use? The steps for symlink'ing are totally necessary in order to get click through JDK source code in Eclipse. Of course, it could be argued that Eclipse needs to be fixed to automatically look in the new location, but that location changes for every update and isn't technically 'JAVA_HOME'. Wow, you must have read my blog posting! Snow Leopard comes with Java vs. Lion not coming with Java. Seems like Lion removed Java to me! You are a perl guy, what are you doing reading articles about Java anyway? ;-) I apologize for creating a title that you would be interested in. ;-) I didn't find opening up Terminal.app and typing 'java' difficult or confusing either. The rest of the blog post (with the symlinks) is about telling Eclipse where to find the source code. That said, I think that it sure would be nice if my OS already came with Java. But I use Java every day, so maybe I'm biased. For those of you who are worried about Apple needing to spend a few of the billions of dollars it has in the bank on paying a couple engineers to maintain security patches, it doesn't have to be the Apple or Oracle one either. OpenJDK would be fine. I don't get it. So instead of trying to get paid for your work, you give it to them for free because they won't pay you? CoffeeScript FTW. https://gist.github.com/1214296 I'd be more impressed if this tutorial had included examples where you use SASS (or your favorite css compiler) for building out css. Simply because it provides you with proper organization of css rules and negates the need for naming conventions to figure out what things are. Using CSS without SASS is like writing JavaScript without using CoffeeScript. Find a job in SF? Plenty of places are hiring. http://www.google.com/search?q=ruler+pencil This is great, but after switching to CoffeeScript, I just can't imagine working directly with JS ever again. It's be awesome if you'd somehow integrate CS development into your system. Your jobs page brags that you have 14 servers on your site. WTF? I've run 15+ hardcore porn totally dynamic websites taking millions of hits on just 3 servers and two of those were just for redundancy! Seriously, I've never heard of your company and you are burning through that much cash? I'm sorry, but this really just sounds like a case of 'doing it wrong'. It really sounds like time to hit the reset button before you are completely broke. If you look at it from the point of view of creating a new company that is based online, chances are that you can design the system from the ground up to be entirely hosted in the cloud. Even better than AWS is if you can host your site on a PaaS solution such as Google AppEngine. GAE negates the need for a DBA, netadmin and a sysadmin. I'm building a web based company right now with a good friend of mine and we've gladly chosen GAE because of this single attribute. Both of us are 15+ year sysadmins as well as software engineers. That said, instead of worrying about how we are going to scale and run everything, we are able to focus entirely on the development of features and building the company. As a result, we hope to never have to hire any IT positions. In the end, I don't think the roles will go away since someone still needs to run Google. ;-) I just think that the roles will eventually morph a bit for the companies that can take advantage of PaaS solutions. Best question after the talk: "Why didn't you just use / modify an existing tool like jenkins?" Ha! =) If only open source projects had more money to spend on marketing. Too bad there isn't a more marketing professionals who like to donate their time to open source projects. =) "I thought I loved Mustache a year ago, but over time I’ve learned just how revolutionary separating templates from views is toward maintainability and collaboration." Wow, it makes me wonder what you were doing before? I'm more a fan of http://www.handlebarsjs.com/ . It has a few handy features that are missing from Mustache. oh, very helpful. thanks! I just take bits and pieces from it that I like. For example, I took the table css and modified it a bit for my tastes. Came out great. Great to know, but CoffeeScript handles most of this for you. The whole Java is too verbose argument is starting to sound like a broken record. With an IDE and tools like ProjectLombok around, you don't need to type much more than most other languages. I code a lot in CoffeeScript and Java and I type less in Java because at least it has static types and code completion. Try renaming a method or variable in CoffeeScript. ;-) ctrl-space (code completion) and annotations are your friends. Obviously Java8 makes the whole argument go away and now that the multi-year stalemate on Java7 is over, we know that Sunacle is focused on getting Java8 out as well. That is like saying a carpenter doesn't need a hammer. An IDE is just a tool for doing your job. You don't actually need an IDE to write Java, but it sure makes it a lot easier to build a house. Show me the source of both of them. Agreed. I spend way more time in the debugger in CoffeeScript than I do with Java, simply because I have no idea what type of object I'm dealing with at that particular instant. I also tend to write pages of Java code and it runs the first time because I can read it and see exactly what it is doing before it runs. The compiler also tells me what typos I have in my code before I even have to run it. I'm curious what the hebrew at the very bottom of the page says. 184 people are underpaid and living in poverty. I read the entire thing and all I could think about it was: Too Much Information. Seriously. What is more amazing is how quickly someone registered his last words.com I'm heavily using CS for my new business and I absolutely love it. I can't thank you enough for being brilliant enough to create it. This is great, I've been having a debate with a friend about this for a while now. This settles it (in my favor). I started out with sass. Then I started using twitter bootstrap, which uses less, so I switched to less because the mixin syntax is nicer / simpler (easy to switch since moving in that direction is syntactically very similar). Looking at the closure syntax, it doesn't seem like much of an advantage over less. I think I'll stay where I'm at. "We had a backup from earlier in the week" week? That seems kind of off. I'd suggest setting up backups more often than that, especially for production data. Sorry to hear about that. I destroyed a drive once a long time ago (~1994) as well. Happens to the best of us. Years ago, he paid for a site license for one of my small shareware projects when he only needed a single copy. I was so happy. I heart woz. 16 is a great age to start to learn how to write code. You've got plenty of time to hone your skills and this will make you much more marketable when you graduate high school and/or college. What skills do you have? It seems that Ruby developers are the hot ticket in SF these days, so if you can find a job, maybe they will sponsor your visa. Took me a few plays of the video to figure out what was going on. I finally noticed it in the bottom right corner. That said, it is pretty and unique. Haven't seen a loader like that before. I'm a huge fan of CS (I'm spending about 10 hours a day in it right now for my startup) and I like the simplicity of the actual CS documentation. This is really nice, but a bit too 'deep' or 'tl;dr' for my personal tastes. I was able to learn the basics really quickly and then started writing code and learning more from there as I ran into things I didn't know how to do. That said, anything to further the learning of CS is great in my book. Nice job. I applaud you for having a business model. As well as one that does not involve ads. That said, I can't see myself (or anyone else for that matter) spending $10 a month (per user) on the current version of service. Basically, you've implemented a relatively basic 'wall'. There really just isn't enough there to warrant spending that much money. I think you need to spend some more time on adding features than repeatedly posting to HN as a way to drum up business and feedback. Does Facebook have the ability to produce software with the required level of quality necessary to ship in consumer hardware devices? I've worked with their API's, which are core to their business, and they tend to be inconsistently implemented, changed at will and have high rates of failure. The existing culture of 'whatever, just ship it' would never produce a phone that is bug free enough to ship. I don't think the fail whales have gotten any less frequent. I still see them all the time and I hardly ever use twitter. Just because a few execs leave the company doesn't mean that would cause more fail whales. The real value is the engineering and ops teams who keep the system going. I'd look to see who on those teams have left recently. Well written. I wrote a similar article recently as well... http://lookfirst.com/2011/11/contributing-to-open-source.htm... Just because you can't 'see' the fork with subversion doesn't mean it doesn't exist. I'm sure plenty of ASF projects are 'forked' within companies and the code is never shared. What I've been advocating for a while now on the members@apache list is that the ASF look at using Github (either they host it or the ASF does) as the basis to build a new type of community that the ASF has never experienced before. Something that isn't tied to the old school. I absolutely admire you. There are so many people in this world who pretend that something is preventing them from learning or doing something and you went out just did it. You may (or may not) be the best engineer in the world, but I'd hire you in a hot second just because you have the tenacity to make it your mission to figure something out. Sometimes, 90% of writing code is just sticking with a problem until you get it. I've given 100's of interviews to people who are either fresh out of school or have been programming for a while now. The vast majority of these people have no gumption to actually create a github account or do any sort of experiments outside of what tasks they are given at work. It is very sad to me that most of these people just want to collect a paycheck. The learning never stops, keep it up. I'm sure that this is a really well implemented piece of code. However, just as a personal preference (this is not a flame or attack, just some feedback), I think a site using this would be a site I'd stop using. I find the dialog really annoying because the effect of blocking user input in order to display some sort of message seems really inhumane to me. There are better ways to do notifications without pushing a big dialog, with some text, in the face of the user. If FB served up that page with a hash of the expected permissions and then submitted the page with that hash, then this plugin would be rendered useless. I'm surprised for something like this (ie: permissions / security related), they don't do that already. The dialog is SSL, but if it was a man in the middle attack that added/removed permissions at will, then it kind of defeats the security of that dialog entirely. Interesting that it has gone away now. @jbrkr, thanks for finding a new link. I've recently explored a lot of these different time widgets. I didn't like that one because dragging a slider for the time seemed like a lot of work. I'd rather click, so I ended up with this one that is based on jquery ui as well: http://fgelinas.com/code/timepicker/ I've been using a very little know (and poorly named) template engine called Cambridge Template Engine ( http://code.google.com/p/cambridge/ ) for my latest company. The documentation is a bit thin, but the code is rock solid and very fast. Combined with JEXL for an expression language, this is one of the best server side engines I've ever used. Annotations are a huge and important part of Java. In Ruby, you don't write code, code writes you! ;-) I'd never heard of Japid before. Thanks for pointing it out. That said, using a backtick character like that seems like a really error prone approach. Definitely not my cup of tea. Conflicts in any piece of software are a pain in the butt. That is part of software development though. You say you aren't a big fan of 'heavy use of annotations' but you don't qualify what 'heavy' is so I am guessing that it is pretty much all annotations. How do you make your determination of what annotations are 'ok' and what annotations aren't? Or do you say something like 'oh, I won't use that annotation because it might blow up on me at some later date'? What is your mental process there? Is @GET good or is @POST bad? What about @Inject or @JsonProperty? The 'annotations leave a bad taste in my mouth' statement seems kind of odd to me. Generally, a language feature isn't something that I'm careful about avoiding. I could see making a statement like "I tried to use software product XYZ and it was so full of bugs that I switched to software product ABC." But annotations aren't a software product, they are a language feature that products can take advantage of. It just happens to be that two products you were using had conflicting annotations. No big deal, you still have choices as you can just swap out products. That in itself doesn't make the functionality that annotations provide taste bad. I've met people who have had this view of annotations as being some magical creature. They didn't understand them or how they worked at all. They stuck it in their heads that 'annotations are bad', so we aren't going to use them and aren't going to even bother learning how they might help us. Everything was very black and white. I found this behavior really odd because everything in software development is grey. That is a great blog posting. However, I don't know why the author would even suggest that annotations are innocent looking. They aren't any more 'innocent' than an if statement. Something like: 'if (myMethod())' could easily be a long running database query or call out to a fibonacci solver. Should we all be afraid of using if statements too? I'm sorry, but there is really nothing 'magical' about annotations. It is simply a marker on a class, property or method that other code can read from and do things with. Prior to annotations, apps were processing Javadoc (@see early versions of GWT), which was an even more terrible idea since you didn't know if it was Javadoc or an annotation. The summary is that a) software engineering is not easy and it does involve knowing what you are doing in order for things to not appear 'magical'. b) If you are going to put an annotation on something, then you should know what code is going to read that annotation and what effects it might have. That said, that isn't the fault of the annotation language feature. The thing I notice is that you weren't using branches with Subversion. For about 4 years now, I've been doing branch based iterative development. This is a great way for a team of engineers to work together and have a continuous release process. Meaning, you deploy trunk and do development on 'iterative branches' (ie: you have branches called iteration-0001, iteration-0002, iteration-0003, etc...). All works happens on the iteration branches which are then tested and merged to trunk on a regular basis as part of the release process. If you have work that spans more than one iteration, you make a branch off the current iteration. Unfortunately, subversion has a very hard time keeping track of development that way. The reason is that if you (and your co-workers) want to work on another branch off of the iteration branches (so you don't hold up a release), then merging changes from the iteration branches into your branch become a nightmare because merge tracking on your branch has no way to know what is happening on the other branches. If you don't do it right, you can end up with a branch that can never be merged back. The way merge tracking is handled is a central design failure of Subversion. I made a long blog posting about this a while back: http://lookfirst.com/2011/04/subversion-mistake.html Git handles all of this beautifully. So, while today, you might not need the extra functionality of git, it is good to have a tool which can support your needs in the future. I disagree with your argument. To you, they are all of those things. To me, they are great and none of those things. That is all I'm saying. Those Quadruple Extra Large instances are $2/hr. The 24 of them used for postgres would be like $35k/month just for that part alone. I'm guessing they are spending >$100k/month on just hosting 100+ instances. Not to mention disk, bandwidth, dns, s3, public ip's, etc. I guess my question is, how do they make money? I really like instagram images. I've used the site myself, but it certainly isn't something I'd feel the need to pay money for. I'm not really sure I understand your response because I can't tell if you are for or against annotations. But, I guess this begs the question... if it isn't done as annotations, what would the same functionality be? Spring's XML? Json? Just more coding? Got a specific example? I can't think of any that I avoid. I'm primarily in Java, CoffeeScript/JS these days. Maybe it is different for other languages? Certainly, there are language features that I don't use, because I don't need them in what I do, but that is different than purposely avoiding something. Actually, that is a great idea... why not just make a site that links everything to github? The plugin pages could just be github pages and downloads. Issue tracking? github. Pull requests. github. Makes perfect sense to me. The fact that someone could come along and create a working solution without having to add/change the syntax of CoffeeScript is great. I'm a huge fan of WePay. They don't play these games. With all of the different competing solutions out there these days, I don't know why anyone continues to use Paypal. I wrote the software that integrates with WePay. They are a 'real' bank. Works great. ;-) https://github.com/lookfirst/WePay-Java-SDK Just curious cause I don't know how it works... do you just find a way to create a foreign US company and run through that? Very good points that I can't disagree with at all. However, those are two languages I try to avoid entirely, not just partially. ;-) How about taking some time off from Lift development to implement the ideas that you and other worked on? WePay doesn't require you to redirect them to their site. https://www.wepay.com/developer/tutorial/iframe If ravelry.com used WePay, each time someone bought one of her amazing works of art, the money would be deposited directly into a FDIC insured account that your wife controls. From there, your wife could transfer the money directly into her own regular bank account. If ravelry.com goes out of business before they transfer the money to her paypal account, there is no chance that they can take any of her money with them. (While highly illegal, I've seen this happen elsewhere with a similar setup.) Fixed. Thanks. Must be my old school raver roots. Heh. Sure, if you want that level of control. In my case, I was happy to not have to implement that part of things. It isn't a trivial amount of work to deal with the credit card / address forms and get everything correct. I made the iframe look like a part of my site well enough that people can trust it and it saves me a ton of development time. Your app appears to be in private beta, so I can't test that form to see if you missed anything and post about it here. ;-) This looked excellent until I realized that the code isn't on Github. Sure, I can download it, but I'd rather be able to fork it. I'm looking at the image of a vault in that article and I'm confused because I don't see any slots in the wall/floor for the pins that are located in the door. It is as if that giant door doesn't actually lock. This is really really nice. Some suggestions: #1. Switch to CoffeeScript. It will cut the size of the code down considerably and given that it is such a massive file, it would really help readability. #2. Don't embed so much html into the code. That'll also cut down code and make things easier to read. I suggest something like Handlebars to render things. Yes, another dependency, but a good one. #3. Do you really need the 'please wait' to render things? It is somewhat jarring when clicking around quickly. If anything, just switch the thing you clicked on into a spinner or display a small spinner somewhere. #4. A lot of the date math that is going on could probably be done more easily by using momentjs. Again, another dependency, but will save you code in the long run. #5. Grey out buttons which cannot be clicked further? Like the + and - buttons. #6. Maybe consider integrating or building on top of the Timeline project? http://www.simile-widgets.org/timeline/ Cheers. 1) If you look at my github account, you can see that I've contributed quite a lot to open source over a long period of time. I've got a long history of 'helping'. Looking at your github account... oh wait... 2) Good point. Can't argue that. 3) Maybe. Maybe not. It would need to be investigated further. 4) I made those suggestions based on code I've got in production. Other than Timeline, I suggested two libraries, both of which would remove a lot of code duplication in the Gantt plugin. momentjs is actually a pretty decent library. I agree, Date.js is pretty bad. As a driver, motorcyclist and bicyclist, I've lost count of how many times I've been nearly killed by someone txt'ing or talking on their cell phone. The existing laws (I'm in San Francisco) are completely ignored and unenforced as it is. I see people using their cell phones while driving all the time. I'm sure the cops have better things to do with their days than pull over people talking on their cell phones. As a result, I'm now trained to really watch out for drivers who are on phones because I know they are dangerous and not paying attention. I feel that even hands-free is distracting to drivers, I know it is distracting for me and I'm a great driver. If I need to use the phone while in the car, I either hand the phone to my wife, I pull over or I just hold off until I get to my destination. Comments like that always remind me of this image... http://www.picshag.com/show.php?f=pics/112010/java-c-php-rub... It took me about 3 months of intense CS usage to really get the hang of it. I've written a good 20-30k lines of CS so far for my application, so I've developed a lot of good practices since I started. Now, I can't imagine writing 'pure' JS ever again. I tend to avoid a lot of the one-line comprehensions for the reasons documented in this article (they get difficult to 'parse'). I also tend to write in a more of a Java style, mostly because of my background is in Java. I tend to put (parens) around a lot of function calls so that I can see it is still a function. Sure, CS can be abused to the point of being barely able to read, but that can be said of any language. Having standards and code-review with your co-workers kind of negates that issue. Debugging can be a bit of a pain since you have to find the line number out of a big file. I think this will go away if/when browsers natively support CS. I've gotten good at naming things so that they are easy to search for in the developer tools. That makes finding the right line to put a breakpoint on a lot easier and faster. If need be, I'll throw a console.log('here') in there and search for that too. Context switching between CS and compiled JS takes a bit of getting used to, but it isn't really that big of a deal. I'm already context switching between Java, HTML, CSS, json, etc... what is one more? The fat/thin arrow thing took a while to get used to, but now it makes perfect sense. The change they made (too quietly, imho) in 1.1.3 to not use __bind so much anymore really helped with comprehension. Now I can see the var _this = this in the compiled code and things make more sense to me now. It also helped performance and made me worry less about using it. In most cases, it is safe to just fat arrow things now so it really isn't that big of a deal. In terms of workflow, I found it very important to integrate it in with my IDE so that every time I save a file, all of my CS is immediately compiled to JS. [1] As a result, I don't see any overhead with the compilation phase of things. Being able to declare 'class'es and constructors has also been really great for compartmentalizing my code. Yes, it is possible to emulate all of this in JS, but I find that a lot more difficult to manage. I do wish there was an 'import' statement though. Right now, I hacked that together with the way I'm using LabJS. In the end, is CS a significant improvement over JS? I think so. Just looking at the compiled output of CS, I couldn't imagine myself writing all of that JS code and not making a ton of mistakes (ie: === vs. ==, nesting of brackets, this binding, etc). People say there is a lot of boilerplate in Java... so, when I use CS, I feel that way when I look at the compiled JavaScript. [1] http://stackoverflow.com/questions/6645640/integrating-coffe... Thanks Ryan. I've looked at the RequireJS/AMD import stuff and it seems really over engineered for what I need. I feel like there is too much declaration going on. For now I think I'll wait to see what else people come up with along these lines. In SF, I doubt that police are ever assigned to pulling people over for cell phone violations. It is usually something like a cop hiding on a side street at the top of Portola late at night waiting for someone to run a red light, which is financially worth a lot more to the city (~$500). The reality is that a cell phone violation is not worth much financially to the city ($20-$50) and drivers ignore the law since it is pretty much just a slap on the wrist. [1] So, instead of banning the use outright, which a lot of people will object to because nobody likes to be told they can't do something (ignoring the whole driving is a right motto). I'd just say, increase the fines to the level of a red light run and increase the enforcement. The only people who will object to the fines are the people breaking the law. ;-) [1] http://www.cbdlaw.com/CM/Articles/WirelessFAQs.asp Thanks for the pointer, I made sure to read it. What I don't like about it is having to 'define' all the modules that I'm going to use. That is just too error prone. I'd rather just create a CS class in a file and include the entire file when I need to. More similar to the way that an import statement works in Java. For now, as I already mentioned, I'm simulating import style functionality with LabJS, which works great. While not perfect, it allows me to async load everything I need as well as minimize the amount of data on the wire. Here is a description of what I've done... http://lookfirst.com/2011/12/optimizing-your-javascript-deli... You pay $3/month for the privilege of allowing them to front you cash for up to a month. If you are late, they charge you $5. No broken legs, no threats, just $5. According to one of the images 'simple terms apply'. What are those terms and why aren't they listed right now? That seems shady to make a big announcement and not clearly list all the terms. I've got a few questions: How much cash can I borrow? What happens if I'm late multiple months? What prevents me from closing my account and just walking away? I don't know, this seems like an awful idea to me. Rife for abuse. Dwolla will be one the receiving end of a lot of fraud really quickly and will be spending all their time and resources chasing down deadbeats. UPDATE: A 3rd party has more details than their own site [1]. Up to $500. Still seems rife for fraud to me because now they are going to have to chase down a lot of people for only $500. If my credit is good and my money management is sound, why would I need to pay $3 a month for the privilege of allowing me to get a loan for up to $500? [1] http://www.siliconprairienews.com/2011/12/dwolla-introduces-... I rarely carry much cash around anymore. I buy everything with a CC and pay it off in full every month. Never late. Mentally, I'd rather pay more per gallon at a place where I can use my CC than go to a place with a dual fee structure. I'm sure the logic doesn't make sense, but I feel like I'm getting ripped off at a place that does that when I use a CC to buy gas. As a result, I tend to avoid those places. Thank you for saying what I was just about to say. The real point here is that there is that no reason, for a responsible consumer (ie: someone who isn't running into debt each month), to use this 'service'. Since it is tailored to people who have good credit, I don't see how this is going to be popular at all. I'm sorry, but there is nothing that is so compellingly 'Instant' about 'Instant' that it begs my $3/month ($36/year) for me to use it. As it stands now, if I want to buy something, I have several options. Use paypal, wepay, dwolla (regular) or some other similar provider, use a credit card, use a debit card, use cash, get someone else to buy it for me. None of which costs me anything to do the transaction. Sure, there is some noise about charging for debit cards, but that noise turned into massive backlash, so I don't think that'll happen anytime soon. Plus, there are still other options, like another bank with a debt card that doesn't cost me anything. Sure, a credit card has a fee associated with it and I probably end up paying that fee either in the price of the item I'm buying or directly. But at this point, is the total sum of those fees >$3/month? Maybe, but who really cares anymore? There is a cost to doing business and it can't be entirely free. That said, I'm going to support companies, like WePay, who are at least trying to put a good customer service experience on things and keeping their fees straightforward and relatively low. I can see how Dwolla is trying to disrupt the whole industry. I like that and I sure believe that it needs to happen. The credit card companies are essentially just another evil empire. ;-) That said, I don't think 'Instant' is the right product for this disruption. It isn't being marketed correctly at all. The documentation is missing from their website and the whole $500 thing seems like a gimmick that is only going to get them into a lot of fraud trouble. There are banks that offer refunds for atm fees on their accounts. You should consider switching. A quick google found this [1], I'm sure there are more. [1] http://www.bankfox.com/c/no-atm-fees/ I wrote the pixel tracker for a big corporation, which tracks a ton of hits for many top sites. 1) Using Math.random() to generate a UUID, is not a UUID. There are plenty of JS uuid generators out there. Please use one. 2) Why are you returning a header with what is being tracked? 3) Please please please use coffeescript. Graphite is a great tool for quickly seeing what is going on. Generating the graphs was always a bit of a pain point for it. I must say, this is an amazing contribution. Thanks so much. (I'm the author of http://jmxtrans.googlecode.com which allows you to very easily tie together Graphite & Java Management Extensions (JMX) for monitoring all of your JVM's.) This is really great except for all of us that use CoffeeScript|Less|Sass since what is shown in the dev tools is the compiled version of our source. Not sure why you got voted down, so I'll vote you back up and answer your totally valid question. rrdtool is fine if you know your schema in advance, but that is somewhat of a hinderance because you don't always know it or want to have to define it. Graphite is great because it listens on a port an accepts data in a simple unstructured format. The format is: key : value (long) : timestamp Where key can be in dot notation so that you can have your data in a 'tree' like structure. This is a made up example: "ehcache.activemq.joins" or "ehcache.activemq.quits". The dashboard can then give you a nice tree to navigate through your data so that you can pin down specific areas that you'd like to graph. It also allows you to easily mix and match areas as overlays. Hope that explains things. Given that jmxtrans has native support for writing directly to Graphite, why are you using it to write to rrd files? If you want those rrd files for other tools, the beauty of jmxtrans is that you can have multiple outputwriters so you can write to rrd AND graphite at the same time, with no loss in performance, since it happens in a multithreaded environment. Also note, writing to rrd files from jmxtrans is terribly inefficient. It spawns the rrdtool to do it because (unfortunately) the java implementation of rrd outputs files which are not compatible with rrdtool. (I'm the author of jmxtrans. Thanks for using my stuff!)