This is interesting. Do you know whether he has native IPv6 connectivity or is using a tunnel? A few months ago, I tried using HE's IPv6 tunnel from China. It connected, but did not enable me to access blocked sites. This. It depends if the blocking is at the content owners end, or somewhere in between. This method didn't work in China last time I tried. The article mentions one drawback of VPNs: if you're using one to access the wider internet (rather than a specific LAN), then it's likely that all of your traffic goes through it. One effective way around this, at least for those using VPNs in China, is to create a set of static routes forcing your in-country connections to go directly. This python program gets a list of China IP ranges from APNIC, and creates a shell script with a list of route commands: https://github.com/jimmyxu/chnroute The legal jurisdiction and/or technical location of the service might be a country with a transparent government, but how would you know that the service isn't owned or operated by a government entity from some other country? The latency B C doesn't inform you about the latency difference between A B and A C. The traffic may take different routes on its way from A, depending on peering arrangements and traffic conditions. Real-life example: I live in China, and passing traffic through a VPN in Singapore to which I have low latency can speed up (lower latency and better bandwidth) connections to some hosts. Ping times from my domestic ADSL connection to that host are about 90ms because they have direct peering with PCCW. Other hosts in Singapore can be 200ms or more away, even though all of them are Why is it awful? Reading the original announcement ( http://www.pbc.gov.cn/publish/goutongjiaoliu/524/2013/201312... ), three things seems clear: 1) People may buy Bitcoins if they like. 2) People may sell Bitcoins if they like. 3) Banks may not sell Bitcoins as they are not 货币 (money). 4) Products offered for sale may not be priced in Bitcoin, as it is not 货币。 As far as I'm aware, no large ecommerce sites in China display prices in anything other than CNY, and none accept anything other than CNY (cash, bank transfers, bank-issued payment cards, CNY-denominated vouchers). If I could pay for things online using Bitcoin, maybe I (and others in China) would start keeping some Bitcoin in an online wallet, in the same way we currently keep some money in 支付宝 (Alipay). From there, it would be easy to slide into mass speculation, which seems to be what the government doesn't want. I feel thankful to be in Beijing. The AQI (air quality index) is only 202 (very unhealthy) here right now. Yes, the same system is used in mainland China. Apart from 4 and 5, you can kind of see the link between the written form of the number and the hand signal: 1, 2, 3: obvious because 一二三 6: the thumb and pinky make up the bottom part of the character 六 7: If you look at your own right hand upside-down when making the gesture, the bird's head points in the same direction as the 七 8: Your thumb and index finger are the two lines in 八 9: Your index finger is the second stroke in 九 I don't know whether this is coincidental, or even just my imagination... If you're doing accounting (backward-looking financial reporting) you should look at amortised cost. If, on the other hand, you're making a decision about whether or not to mine, then you care only about marginal (cash) costs. If you already paid for your hardware (or already committed to paying for it), then there's zero additional cost, unless (i) there are significant maintenance costs or, more likely (ii) you could recoup some of the cash by selling the equipment if you stop mining. I'm ignoring time value of money, and also the drop in the resale value of the equipment. (Deliberately avoiding the work 'depreciation' here as the accounting meaning the every day meaning confuse the issue.) It may well maximise expected value for a would-be founder, but that may not map to the founder's implicit utility function. Imagine you have two options: Option A: 100% chance of receiving $1 billion Option B: 50% chance of receiving $0; 50% chance of receiving $4 billion The expected value of A is $1bn. The expected value of B is $2bn. However, most people I know would choose option A, although it has the lower expected value. I saw 'streaming' in the title and assumed you were going to use Flask's support for streaming ( http://flask.pocoo.org/docs/patterns/streaming/ ). It allows you to send an HTTP response gradually, using a Python generator. It's useful when: 1) You cannot know the whole response at the time of the request (e.g. streaming news updates). 2) It's computationally expensive to calculate the whole response, and you don't want to make the user wait and/or calculate something that ends up not being used (e.g. if the user cancels the request). 3) You want to save bandwidth. If I were streaming music to you, and allowed you to switch tracks whenever you wanted, then I might not want your browser to start downloading the entire track (faster-than-real-time) when you click play. If I did, and you only listen to half-songs, then I would use twice as much bandwidth. I could release in shorter chunks and put a sleep or something before the yield in the generator function. Nice! Small typo on home page: 'When you _clik_ the Search button' s/Highest/The/g There should be only once price at which the property will change hands. Any less, and there would be competing buyers. Any more, and the buyer may have more attractive purchase options. This assumes that it's not a fire-sale, and that the property isn't a unique must-have asset, i.e. that your 'no compulsion to transact' condition is satisfied. It's possible to block ads using squid proxy with squidguard. Although less effective than AdBlock, and requiring a little more effort to get started, it does work. I'm curious whether anyone on HN does this for themselves and, if so, is your squid server at home, on a VPS, or somewhere else? From the linked article: "...permit merchants to surcharge credit cards at both the brand level (i.e., Visa or MasterCard) and at the product level (i.e., different kinds of cards, such as consumer cards, commercial cards, premium cards, etc.)" The last time I dealt with a bank for a merchant account (in the UK), there were only two tariffs: one for debit cards, and another for credit cards. (We accepted only Visa/MC.) The sentence above suggests that the fee structure differs among credit cards. Can anyone share their experience of paying different rates for Visa vs. MC and, in particular, different rates for different credit cards from a single network? Thank you. Page 4 of that doc makes it much clearer. It seems like the fees paid to the issuer of a Visa credit card can vary by up to ~1% dependent on the scheme. One more question: when you say 'interchange plus pricing', is the 'plus' uniform across all transactions (i.e. the same $ or the same % or the same %+$)? The study compared credit cards and cash. I suspect the difference is related more to the _card_ aspect than to the _credit_ aspect, as the former takes away the 'did I bring enough cash with me' issue. "McDonald's found that the average transaction rose from $4.50 to $7.00 when customers used plastic instead of cash." I have a certain amount of money in my pocket. If the bill is higher than that amount, I will definitely pay by card. If it's lower, than I'll choose card or cash. So, even if the card/cash choice had no impact on my spending patterns, you would expect my cash transactions to have a lower average value. Not really relevant to the main discussion, but directly counter to your comment "Nobody rents a house and then go around using the word "own" and "buy" when describing their access to the house.": In the UK, we have a situation which appears strange to most people when they first come across it: the vast majority of flats (apartments) are 'sold' on a leasehold basis. An individual or company may own the freehold (the building and the ground below), whilst the 'owners' of the individual flats have 99-year or 150-year leases. The freeholder collects annual ground rent (maybe 200-300 GBP per year per flat) and is reimbursed for costs of managing the building (e.g. for building insurance, repainting common areas etc.). I may 'own a flat' but in reality my right to occupy it has an expiry date. (I realise you referred to 'house' rather than 'flat'.) Which place is that? How does shady accounting help the business/owner survive? By evading taxes? How so? I have a T-mobile Sim for visiting the US. The plan is 2USD per day for unlimited calls and 2G-speed data, and I only top up the amount I need each trip (11 days means I top up 22USD). If I were to get new SIM card each time I went the cost would be similar, if I were able to get a free sim (with no credit) or more if they don't have a free sim offer at the time. Is there some deal with new sims of which I'm not aware? They _do_ know better (i.e. they know you use it for filtering) and that's why they don't accept it. I don't like it either, but it's a reasonable choice for them to make. I presume you mean the SMTP RFC standards. If so, then it would be unreasonable to respond with 501 (Syntax error in parameters or arguments), just because they don't like your email address format or TLD. However, if I'm offering a service and collecting email addresses as part of that service, my mail form could do additional validation (e.g. I might not want to collect email addresses from the UK ( .co.uk) or from .edu or from people with 'john' in their email address. I'm not violating an RFC with my email form, which may provide some benefit (e.g. stop fake email addresses, reject customers I don't care about) at the expense of losing/angering some other customers. That's a business question, not a standards issue. (BTW - I've never restricted email addresses on a form in this way, but can empathise with those who do) I'm curious: did you lose any emails when you turned off catch-all? I would like to turn off catch-all, but I receive a lot of (mostly automated) email to various addresses, and I don't want to set up a long list of email aliases. Try searching Google for http://www.ft.com/intl/cms/s/0/6707013a-67af-11e3-8ada-00144... If you click through from Google, you will probably see the article text. Who is taking the other side of the trade with these Bitcoin/RMB exchanges? I mean, I often come across people who have RMB but want USD. Far less often do I come across people who have USD but want RMB. Clearly my sample size is too small! Any insight into how foreigners take positions in the Chinese economy with RMB they obtained through USD->Bitcoin->RMB transactions? - Currency: easy, as you just need a passport to open a bank account - Starting a company: harder, as I thought that opening a WFOE required the capital to be injected in a specific way at a specific step in the process - High interest deposits: these seem either risky (some of the bonds sold by banks) or unavailable to foreigners (yu'ebao 余额宝) - Real estate: some cities require a hukou or minimum duration of residence - A shares: need to be a PRC national - Angel investments and unofficial loans to small businesses? What else? The reason it sounds strange to talk about 'the Gini coefficient of the Bitcoin economy' is that the Gini coefficient is usually used as a measure of income (or sometimes wealth) distribution among a _population_. As your comment suggests, those populations are usually defined by being located 'in actual places'. However, they could equally be defined by some demographic factor. You could look at the Gini coefficient of income for people with blue eyes. However, I don't see the sense in singling out just a single asset or asset class, and looking at its distribution among the whole human population of the earth UNLESS the total value of that asset is some large %%% of the total assets in the world. That makes sense. I didn't realise it expired in as little as 3 months. If you need to do this regularly, I recommend keeping an eye on slickdeals.net, as people post there whenever T-mobile do their free or 99 cent sim promotion. IIRC you can order two sims at a time, and it seems like you get a cryptic error message if you've ordered a free sim from them in the previous 12 months. If someone wanted to add mount support to this, which of these would be better? 1. FUSE Python: http://sourceforge.net/apps/mediawiki/fuse/?title=FUSE_Pytho... or 2. pyfilesystem https://code.google.com/p/pyfilesystem/ I've seen FUSE Python used in some different projects on github, and it seems to work pretty well. I'd not heard of pyfilesystem until recently. Three things were important for me in the past: - GuizmoVPN - Sogou Chinese pinyin keyboard - Mounting a memory card using the ipad camera connector kit The first two are less longer important for me now because there is now an official OpenVPN client in the App Store, and the native Chinese pinyin keyboard is much improved (although the predictive text is still far behind those produced for other platforms by large Chinese internet companies). The last one (using a memory card or USB as extra storage) would still be nice as it would reduce the frequency with which I need to refresh content (mostly online lectures). I can live without a jailbreak now. 2 years ago I would have downloaded it even after reading saurik's twitter comments (kindly posted to HN by DLay). Now I'm more inclined to wait. See other thread: https://news.ycombinator.com/item?id=6950125 Mobile phone numbers cannot be ported from one mobile network in China to another.* Therefore, people are extremely reluctant to switch networks. Otherwise Apple fans would have all switched to China Unicom long ago. Several of my friends use iPhones on China Mobile. They don't get 3G data speeds because China Mobile uses a different 3G standard, supported only by specific handsets. There are lots of Android-based choices. * except for some very limited trials, none of which have been in tier 1 cities AFAIK Correct. It's really annoying, for the reasons you mentioned. Apart from banks and online shopping sites, many offline loyalty programs (restaurants, massage, beauty ...) use mobile number as a unique identifier. Having said that, I've noticed over the last few months that people I meet are more likely to request/offer a WeChat (威信) username than a phone number. Businesses are embracing WeChat for marketing-related activity, but I don't yet see any indication that WeChat will become the primary mechanism for transactional notices. See huetsch's comment below. If you only want 2G and 4G (but not 3G), then there's already a 5s that works with China Mobile. Can anyone here share their real-life experience of China Mobile's 4G coverage in Beijing? Oops. Too late to edit now :( Same in the UK. It used to take a few days. Now it's more like minutes/hours. Shameless plug: you can also download their latest accounts for free from http://www.twilam.com/ as long as they are among the 90% (and growing) of companies who file their accounts electronically. This looks cool. One question: how do you deal with split transactions? The comments in models.py suggest that they are supported. However, the signature of the debit and credit methods in AccountBase only have space for one account on the other side of the transaction, e.g.: def debit(self, amount, credit_account, description, debit_memo="", credit_memo="", datetime=None): Are you planning to implement it later, or did I miss it in my quick reading of the code? django-oscar-accounts includes a web UI (I assume from the screenhots when I clicked your link). bookkeeper has an empty views.py, and seems to be using django mostly for the ORM. I'm curious to know what other people are using for this type of functionality. Does anyone reading this link their app directly to an accounting package, and post transactions in real-time using that API? I recall a colleague once (~10 years ago) telling me that some people he knew felt that 5k GBP would be enough to solve all of their (money) worries. I thought it absurd, i.e. too low given things like planning for old age. I guess there are people who would think my estimate too low if I said I needed 5m for the same purpose. (not saying 5m is the right number for me or anyone else.) > Now, some people like to think that stuff like "technology always improves in time to save us" is some kind of natural law. Survivorship bias. If it hadn't worked that way in the past, we wouldn't be here talking about it :) If it's mobile then you might have to deal with (i) lack of physical keyboard, so on-screen keyboard using valuable screen space and (ii) high latency and inability to navigate emails through dead/weak spots. Thank you. I am about to install Hacker News Threadify: http://userscripts.org/scripts/show/110317 I was going to make the same comment, but: - I then realise he's probably talking about buying rather than renting - I read this report which claims that the median value of residential property in fancy parts of London (what the report calls 'Prime London') is 1m GBP, and the mean is about 1.4m GBP: http://www.marshandparsons.co.uk/news/research/item/1519-lon... 1e6 is a million. I assume he's talking about buying a place rather than renting. They may be using a plan which was not intended for mi-fi or smartphone use. I guess they reprogram the IMEI or equivalent of Sim ID of a 'basic phone' onto the Android phone. Hmm... do you lose miles for refunds that are not linked with the original transaction? The first few chapters of The Theoretical Minimum. There is a book and also a free set of online lectures. "we won’t be able to tell who’s wearing built-in-HUD-and-camera glasses and who’s just wearing regular glasses" Oh no! I might have to get laser eye surgery and stop wearing glasses. Why 'Are you profitable?' rather than 'Do you have positive cash flow?' Profit is an accounting term that most people conflate with one or more of: - cash flow - gross margin - operating margin You are right, and that's the whole reason the word profit exists. What troubles me is that it's hard to interpret an answer to 'are you profitable?' because it's: - Somewhat subjective: Internal accounting policies (e.g. amortisation of R&D) affect the answer, and you are unlikely to know much about these accounting policies (unless the company has published audited accounts). - Poorly understood: The person who answers the question may unwittingly answer a different questions from the one asked. They may do this unintentionally, of course, because they don't understand that EBITDA != profit. Of course, one question on the financial state of the business is not enough. Did you 'rip it out' in the sense of rolling back the commit, or did you refactor the code (and replace the GPL2 code with code that did the same/similar thing)? If it were the latter, would your entire codebase be considered a derivative work (just as if I took some GPL2 code and refactored it until all the original code was gone)? The key point in the article: "A rideshare driver might only have personal insurance that might not cover them while they have a rideshare app open, but the rideshare service might not cover them between rides." This is the same as if I have car insurance, but it doesn't cover my current activity. In the UK, for example, car insurance for individuals usually covers at social, domestic and pleasure use ('SD&P'). When you buy insurance, you need to tick additional boxes (and maybe pay extra) if you want it to cover 'commuting to and from a fixed place of work' and/or 'business use'. Neither of these include using the car for deliveries or other things that are 'for hire or reward'. Anyway, from my reading of the article, the key point is that Uber buys insurance which is meant to bridge the gap between the insurance the drivers already have (e.g. SD&P) and what they're doing (for hire or reward) but that the insurance may not do this exactly, leaving some unavoidable activity uninsured. "...while driving around, waiting for their next fare." Why drive around whilst waiting? It seems like a waste to do that unless you're a licensed taxi (and are therefore permitted to pick up people who spot you as you're driving around). "I also have several handguns which I very often carry concealed." I'm curious - why? I don't generally carry around stuff that I don't think I'll need, particularly if those things have to go on my person (e.g. in my pockets) rather than in a bag that I can put down when I'm stationary. "Our direct-selling division has recorded seven consecutive months of year-over-year growth, and new sales force hires are up 25% over last year as well. And, thanks to our loyal retail customers, we recorded the largest ever sales month in the history of that division in October—and we did it without Amazon!" Huh? The direct sales division and retail division each increased sales after they stopped selling via Amazon. That's what you'd expect, as long as _some_ of your would-be Amazon sales turn into direct/retail sales. It would be more interesting to know if their overall sales have gone up. Maybe, but it seems easier to just pull up somewhere and wait. Even if meter parking is expensive, you won't get a ticket for waiting in a meter spot if you are in the car (and can therefore move on at any time). The taobao link in the original post leads to a listing which does not specify the chipset or support for Mac. This suggests it's a cheaper chipset. The 4-5 best-selling cheap USB-to-Ethernet adapters on taobao use the RD9700 chipset, and can be had for 22RMB including shipping. The cheapest Asix 88772-based one I can find from a reliable seller is 25RMB including shipping. It seems like there is another 50 cents that can be cut from the design, although the RD9700 may not have an OSX driver: http://forums.macrumors.com/showthread.php?t=1450026 Does it have a legit IMEI? I've read about phones with IMEI set to all zeroes and/or configurable in a secret menu. What model is the phone? Wow, good spot! Does that mean the RD9700 devices on taobao (22RMB) are likely to work on OSX without additional drivers, as they pretend to be an Asix chipset? The speeds OP got are higher than 12Mbps, so I guess it's not an RD9700 in disguise. Just guessing. I'm about to order the 25RMB asix-type one. I recently started using 'Gomap!!!' to edit locations near my home: https://itunes.apple.com/WebObjects/MZStore.woa/wa/viewSoftw... I was surprised at how easy and intuitive it is. The comments lost during the outage are still on hnsearch: https://www.hnsearch.com/search#request/all&q=openstreetmap&... To clarify, my interest in whether the IMEI is zeroed and/or programmable is about how the various mobile networks use IMEI, particularly: - China Unicom uses them to detect continued use of subsidized handsets on their network (and will send the customer a text if they're not using it (eg if they've sold their subsidized phone) - I believe T-mobile USA use IMEI to limit access to their 'free data for life' promotion to specific tablet models - Several UK mobile networks have different data tariffs for phones vs. tablets vs. dongles vs. mi-fi devices I'm wondering whether there is any/widespread use of these android devices to bypass restrictions and, eg use a cheaper tablet data plan on a mobile phone with tethering to multiple devices. For reference this is the one I'm going to order: USB网线转换器笔记本网卡以太网转网线 windows全通用型MAC免驱 http://tb.cn/nmLpZey "And dynamic content you tell? Which dynamic content? Does one really care about changes in wiki pages?" I care about new versions of wiki pages. If you write a page about good French restaurants in Beijing, I would read it. If I want to go back to the same page (= same hash) later, I will get the same page. However, if there is an updated page, how will I know for sure? In the absence of domain names, a search engine might return some newer pages, but how can it rank them if there are multiple ones with the same title (and claiming the same hash as their predecessor)? Maybe your server can return something in the HTTP header (like the hash of _your_ updated page)? permit to do something != doing it However, I agree that's a LOT of people. Even if only half are holding at any given time, it's 1% of the population... Scary. Thank you. I'm just about to install it. Maybe I'll do some drive-by editing on the bus tomorrow :) The technical method of the blocking is indeed interesting. From my home broadband connection: - I can connect to port 80 on fallback.global-ssl.fastly.net (to which the CNAME entry for www.theguardian.com points). - I can successfully get a 404 page (from that same server) by doing something like this: GET / HTTP/1.1 Host:www.invaliddomain.com - I get disconnected if I specify Host: www.theguardian.com in any HTTP request, even if I'm connecting to some IP address that has no relationship with theguardian.com. So, in this instance, the GFW is not blocking by IP address, nor is it blocking by keyword. It is blocking by the hostname in the Host: header of the HTTP request. Sadly it's not as simple as that. Facebook has HTTPS support, but TCP connections on port 443 just time out. The GFW is sophisticated. It would be trivial to stop all obvious VPN traffic (obvious = PPTP and L2TP/ipsec on default ports) without affecting other things, but this isn't done, unless many people connect to the same server over some period of time. Unidentifiable TCP/UDP traffic on other ports (e.g. OpenVPN on a port number in the 1000s) again isn't blocked. However, if the same TCP/UDP port on the same server is accessed for long enough, and often enough, it will get blocked. Switching to a different port on the same server will probably fix it, until the next time. In Beijing, they scan bags right before you get out to meet your loved ones. They appear to select people at random, and from my observation you have 5%-10% chance of being selected. I'm not sure what they're looking for, though, as I've never seen them open a bag after it went through the scanner. I was quizzed about my road bike (which was obvious as it was packed separately) but after I explained it was old, and 'just a normal bicycle' and not 'for competitions', they let me through without a fuss. Add oil! You're right, though. Definitely not worth the risk to check it in. Can provinces really get ccTLDs? I thought .tw existed because Taiwan has an ISO country code: http://www.iso.org/iso/country_names_and_code_elements Having said that, I'm not sure why the UK (whose country code is GB) uses .uk The leaflet: "Details that could identify you will be removed before your information is made available to others, such as those planning NHS services and approved researchers" The OP: "can and will be released in an indentifiable form to organisations" Can anyone with more knowledge about this shed any light on the seeming inconsistency? The article mentions ezbob, another player in that space. I was surprised that, although the home page shows an example loan repayment amount, it does not include the interest rate, display of which, I understand, is required by the law[0]. The Office of Fair Trading (OFT) states[1]: "In particular, the regulations provide that - if an advertisement includes an interest rate or any amount relating to the cost of the credit - this triggers a 'representative example' including a 'representative APR'. This must be representative of agreements expected to be entered into as a result of the advertisement, and at least 51 per cent of borrowers must be expected to get the advertised APR or better. The representative APR is also triggered by a non-status or comparative indication or incentive." At first, I thought that perhaps ezbob isn't offering 'consumer' loans, but business loans, but the footer on their web site[2] clearly states their consumer credit licence number (647816). For reference, their example[3] works out to an APR of about 43% (3% per month, compounding: 1.03^12-1 = 0.425...). [0] Consumer Credit (Advertisements) Regulations 2010 ( http://www.legislation.gov.uk/all?title=Consumer%20Credit%20... ) [1] http://oft.gov.uk/about-the-oft/legal-powers/legal/cca/guida... [2] http://www.ezbob.com/ [3] http://www.ezbob.com/our-loans/repayment-examples/ Both IO and AQ are ISO country codes as well. I'm not sure why. A comment in a previous thread states that amberExpress uses OnDemand VPN ( https://news.ycombinator.com/item?id=6890266 ). I assume that they use a transparent proxy to insert code the banner code into the store's own web site. Assuming that's the case, (how) does it work if the store uses HTTPS for normal product pages? My question still stands, whether they are using a transparent or normal proxy. If a proxy is used to intercept and modify HTTPS traffic, the server certificate used for the connection between the proxy and the client would be invalid (I mean it would not be signed by a CA trusted by the client). Desktop browsers report an error in response to this condition. I don't know about mobile safari. How do they deal with this? That's true in a general sense, but of course there are other factors, including: - Your negotiation skill at the point when you accepted the role - Your employer's cash flow (including external funding) - How difficult it is for _you_ to replace your _employer_ (even if you can't easily be replaced, your employer may realise that inertia/market/risk-aversion/whatever) - Your paper credentials (only for some companies, and only when you're early in your career so cannot be as easily levelled through observed performance). Primary: - DIY VPN servers using cheap virtual servers found on lowendbox.com and lowendtalk.com. I use both PPTP (no need for specific client software) and OpenVPN (works anywhere you have TCP, even if only a single port is open). It's not the easiest way in terms of initial setup but (i) I can share the services I set up with friends, (ii) I can rent servers from providers that have low latency and high throughput from my ISP (China Unicom in Beijing), (iii) the low number of users on each server means low chance of being blocked by the GFW. Backup (just in case): http://vpn.sh/ (cheap) FWIW, in the UK: - There is an important difference between MSBs and banks: banks can take deposits. - Loan companies (e.g. payday advance, as you mention) are different: they need a Consumer Credit Licence and are regulated by the OFT/FCA. To your main point: I don't understand how (even in the US) my accepting cash in exchange for 'not a product/service' would mean I'm acting as a bank. Would I be breaking the law if I were to sell you a single share of, e.g. Google stock, in exchange for cash? What? Is driving a car (even electric) a behaviour that you want to encourage? It seems reasonable to me to have high taxes/fees/whatever for private vehicles that cause local pollution and cause traffic and road wear (normal cars), lower taxes/fees for those which just cause traffic and road wear (electric cars), and subsidies for things you really want to encourage (buses, bicycles, electric scooters) because they cause a minimal amount of pollution, road wear and traffic on a per-person-mile basis. Where did you obtain data about 'changes in numbers of employees' for 'all companies registered with Companies House'? I'm genuinely curious about where to access that data, because AFAIK employee data doesn't exist in either of the regular statutory filings collected by Companies House (the Annual Return (AR01) and the annual accounts). HMRC _does_ have that data (as it's included in the P35 Employer Annual Return) but I'm not aware of any way to access it. Similarly, the best data I've seen on 'main products' for _all_ UK companies is the SIC code, which isn't particularly specific. I'd appreciate any pointers to accessing the data you described (changes in # of employee; main products) for all UK-registered companies. May I ask where (country/city) you and the team are based? According to Wikipedia[0], there are at least 50 cities in the USA where at least 16% of _households_ do not have a car. It appears to be feasible for those households to do without a car. I guess that some of the individuals within the households that _do_ have a car don't use it on a day to day basis. Moreover, even if 100% of households need at least one car, taxes can be levied on a per-car and per-mile basis, attempting to limit the number of cars per household to the minimum feasible level. [0] http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/List_of_U.S._cities_with_most_h... Did you quote that hourly rate to the client ($200/ph and I expect it will take x hours), or did you quote a total for the deliverable? What was the source of the client? If they went looking for a 'programmer', I'm curious why they weren't (like many others) lured by others who are cheaper per hour but worse in every other respect. > If 8 out of 10 candidates for X job are shockingly incompetent, can we complain that the the wealth of the world is owned by so few? Apparently, the incompetent ones mentioned by the OP are regularly earning $100 per hour. From quickly scanning the comments, it seems that (i) many people would use a tool like this, despite its lack of flexibility, because it's easy to use and it works, (ii) very few had the same reaction as I did: it looks nice, but why not just use Excel. Perhaps it's because I've spent many, many hours using Excel (although less so these days), but those problems you state don't seem like problems: 1) Fat-fingering is a problem only if you mix the task of coding (setting up the structure and formulae in Excel) with the task of using (changing the parameters). You don't code your web site at the same time as using it (except for manual testing), and it can be the same with Excel. Highlight all input cells with a yellow background and blue font, unset their 'Protected' property, and then lock the workbook. You/anyone can then play to your heart's content without worrying about messing up formulae. 2) When you are creating new versions of a spreadsheet, it's either because you are changing the structure (e.g. changing formulae, adding columns) or because you are changing the input data. If the latter then, yes, you can have several different versions. I've managed this in the past (when fundraising and doing regular reviews with investors) by having an 'Assumptions' tab which contains _all_ inputs. Each scenario (set of assumptions) has a name/number and a column of its own. The calculations and output dynamically reference just one scenario at a time depending on the scenario chosen from a drop-down. Not only that, but Excel's 'Data tables' feature (which explicitly supports only one-variable or two-variable scenarios) works with this, even if you have 10s of variables: just set the scenario number as your variable. 3) Using a 'template they found' is clearly a bad idea. They wouldn't just copy-paste some 'code they found' without studying it and the tests. In fact, for something simple, they'd probably just re-create their own after studying someone else's code for something similar. It's the same with Excel files. 4) Can't argue with this one :) 5) This last point intrigues me: until now I thought you were focused on business plans, and that you wouldn't overwrite the historical data with actuals. However, you mention operational data, suggesting you are talking about combining planning and tracking into one tool. Is this correct? Thank you for sharing. It's nice to see how other people do things. A few suggestions which may save effort next time you do this: - Only use the $ symbol as much as necessary. Usually you only need one (e.g. $C12 or C$12 rather than $C$12), unless you're referencing a single input. In your example, the excessive use of $ on the 'Detail' tab prevents me from adding an extra row for an employee simply by copying-and-pasting - SUBTOTAL can be better than SUM for summing columns of numbers. You want subtotals for Sales, Support etc., as well as a grand total. SUBTOTAL can be applied to a whole column of values without fear of double-counting, as it ignore existing SUBTOTALs. - EOMONTH(x,1) will give you the last day of the month after the date x. EOMONTH(x,0)+1 will give you the first day of the month instead. It's a bit easier to read than your DATE(YEAR, MONTH+1, DAY) construction. I received my adapter. The windows driver (automatically downloaded from Microsoft) reports that it's not a genuine Asix chip. The message is the same as described in this document: http://www.asix.com.tw/FrootAttach/userguide/How_to_identify... It seems to work fine on a Mac, though. Three also offered free access to Skype. It used (uses?) a Three-specific Skype client (available for many, but not all, models of phone) to do the presence and signalling over data, and the voice over the normal mobile voice channel: https://support.skype.com/en/faq/fa10976/how-can-i-get-skype... To protect revenue, SkypeIn was blocked, and SkypeOut was restricted to non-UK numbers. It's about the balance of negotiation power between the buyers and sellers in the labour market. Once jobs became standardised, and employees easier to replace, individuals had/have little/no negotiating power, so their response to low pay and poor conditions is 'suck it up'. Unions aim to redress that imbalance, and there are specific laws in many countries detailing what they can/cannot do. IANAL but AFAIK there are fewer and less strong cases where companies can legally collude in most jurisdictions. A couple of personal thoughts: - The impact of unions is different in different situations. It's easy for us to pick and choose examples based on pre-existing biases, but the details are more nuanced. - People often think of unions as being for low-skilled workers, or those where the choice of employers is limited (e.g. teachers in the UK). However, many professional guilds (like national doctors' associations) also provide many of the same functions (lobbying, collective bargaining, coordination of industrial actions, ...). Several earlier answers (e.g. pron's) _do_ refer to the legal structure as to why unions can exist, without citing the specific act. It's totally fair that they also (i) discuss why the law may have to come to be and (ii) how they think/feel about it. Previous discussion on 'Entrepreneurs are the New Labor': https://news.ycombinator.com/item?id=5648839 Previous discussion: https://news.ycombinator.com/item?id=5648839 Here in China, at least in tier-1 cities, same-day delivery is common for groceries and, to a lesser extent, for electronics and books. IIRC one of the large multiple-category online retailers promises delivery within 4 hours if you order by 11am. 1号店 ( http://www.yhd.com/ ) and Amazon ( http://z.cn/ ) (Disclaimer: I work at Amazon) Gumroad charges 5% + 25¢ per transaction. Compared with Stripe's 2.9% + 30¢, it's expensive, but Gumroad appears to do two things that Stripe doesn't: - Work out whether and how much sales tax to charge (which I guess should be easy if you operate in only one state) - Absorb chargeback fees This second one makes the 5% seem more reasonable. "A new class of middle-income nations that barely existed 50 years ago now includes more than half the world's population." I found this sentence confusing as: - I read 'middle-income' to mean 'median income' - I read 'middle-income nations' to mean 'nations whose mean per capita income is at or close to the world-wide median per capita income' Can anyone provide an alternative (less confusing but still specific) reading?