Same experience with me. I have mostly only consulted with large companies. There are some companies that insist on solid code and design. There are others that just live from quarter to quarter and the whims of the CEO and just throw out whatever is done at the end of the quarter. Having a great lawyer team chomping at the bit for litigation helps their confidence in living from quarter to quarter. I have my fingers crossed for snap packages. I've only installed the spotify 'snap' and it works flawlessly. I haven't mucked about with any other packages yet I sort of agree. I wouldn't use linux except for programming tasks unless the major distros like fedora and ubuntu had everything that I needed for the most part. Most people can't compile code and go off and figure out library issues if the build goes belly up. I've used linux desktop for years and it has always been stabble for me I haven't tried apple. My desktop stays up for weeks. You are the real MVP. Carry on. Wait... everyone in America isn't a WASP from Iowa? Same. I couldn't handle all the blood and people dying left and right every day. It wasn't from your perspective, it was clearly the opinion of the author who never claimed it was universal. You get paid based on demand, not on artistic ability. You could be the best scientist in the world with 4 degrees and if there was demand for your degrees, you'd be no better off than the sculpture working out of his basement when he got home from his barista job. It's a numbers game. I choose bacon. If it was "increases your chance 4X" then they might have had me, but 0.18% over an already small chance.... meh. Very badly written article. Once excerpt "The WHO advised that consuming 50g of processed meat a day – equivalent to just a couple of rashers of bacon or one hotdog – would raise the risk of getting bowel cancer by 18% over a lifetime. (Eating larger amounts raises your risk more.) Learning that your own risk of cancer has increased from something like 5% to something like 6% may not be frightening enough to put you off bacon sandwiches for ever." That math is terrible. It's 5% for cancer, not bowel cancer. The author has an extremely poor grasp on numbers, and is clearly trying to elevate the scare factor. It's probably more dangerous to drive to work for an extra couple of months of your life than it is to eat bacon. I just hope we can even find a xeno microbe to put another nail in the coffin of organized religion. Fun maybe, but it's not really practical. I don't know why people don't use signal more. It's a much better thought out tool. Eh they should have stayed private. Private companies have more control over their future. Public companies move to a quarter by quarter cycle and innovation goes at a snail's pace as marketing and bean counters take over. Unfortunately courts don't pay attention to your opinion. They only pay attention to grumpy old codgers who don't really understand technology or innovation. They only understand precendents or long ago useless decisions of previous courts and the pragmatism of someone raised on thoughts on computers and ideas of fairness from the 1950s. I bet if one looks hard enough he would find links between these judges and moneyed interests tracing back to Oracle. Good luck with those ping times if you're a gamer. We don't care. Have a good life. Bureaucracy is often the result of hysteria. The USA is hysterical over terrorism when it should be hysterical over cancer, college cost increases, and health care. It's all a product of the government realizing that it's easy to fool the bleating masses with terrorist straw men. Cronometer and Carb manager are better Lots of people I know in Kentucky eat them as well. It seems that if you can just blacklist coins, and since eventually bitcoin will be all mined out (for all practical purposes) that eventually all bitcoins would become tainted since humanity will always have crime and money laundering. Am I missing something here? I'm sure gold was used for all sorts of nefarious uses but nothing stops that "bad gold" from going back into the gold monetary system. This just seems like a bad idea all the way around. This is why for those 'special' videos one should always just use a handheld camera and not their cell phone. But the public will never learn. It is best to never have any Chinese company store your data. They are by law (and under severe penalties) required to make all data in their possession available to government officials at any time that it is requested. Dictatorships are like that. Facebook is burning. Lol. They suffer a minor setback and they're "burning". Right now there is not much of alternative to facebook, it will be just fine. Yet another reason not everything needs to be connected all the time. I don't need my fridge reminding me to get eggs or that the milk is out of date. Those things are readily apparent. Don't worry about it, some people want everything for free, if they want to cite you they should plan that the internet is temporary and there is no guarantee that content will be there in the next 15 minutes let alone a few years. Keep deleting your stuff and don't worry about the people who think you should do this or do that with the way you handle your internets. Everyone has had security problem since I started in the industry 25 years ago. -everybody- Exactly, you can be a programmer and be a capitalist too. May the best paradigm or hybrid of the various paradigms win. Meh, I've known cops retiring at 55 they are in better shape than your typical 55 year old programmer, same with other blue collar workers. They may not be able to run down a 25 year old perp but physically they are above average. This is why I treat IM at work the same as email. I show up as unavailable and check a few times a day. If someone really needs me instantly they can come to my cube. They also have to pay back the people they snookered all their money plus interest. That's been stated in the articles that I've ready about the matter. You're wrong, in addition to the fine paid to the Feds, they also have to pay back the people they lied to along with interest. It's like putting a cover on a book that is related to the matter in the book, to keep you reading because you may start getting bored, so they pull out a sound byte. Pretty obvious. lol I read that as "AVI support" and thought you were being sarcastic :) If that is true what happens when all the bitcoins are basically mined out? That doesn't seem to jive. Use waze, it works better anyway and basically uses the same info backend as google maps I wouldn't mind them using aggregate anonymous information, but they don't need to know my every move, so I turn off google everything and use alternatives. use startpage.com google search without the tracking checkout startpage and searx as well. better results than DDG can i just use "me@gmail.com" rather than some company name? I'd really just be paying for the knowledge that google isn't plowing through my data and sending it to 3rd parties. My company name is already associated with another host provider. try 1 cent. Android does not leak like a sieve. All you have to do is not use Google services. There are plenty of others if you're willing to pay a little bit. Or pay for GSuite and they turn the tracking off. Nothing in this world is free except a mother's love. You have to at least give him credit, he didn't use a car metaphor. So what is your solution? Marxism? Communism? Anarchy? Honest questions why would you need a blockchain for this? I can understand for money transactions/contractual signing but for Facebook? Does anyone really care that there is a ledger for Facebook? I predict they want to ad advertising but won't break the encryption for snooping purposes. If they hook it to the FB account they can just use the ad preferences that their AI picks out from FB interactions. Even if not everyone has FB account, a majority probably do. I don't think it gets personalized unless you "login" to the your firefox account. But the beauty of mastodon is you can go find a conservative group to talk on if you don't like the one that banned you. Or even start your own. Definitely aliens, this is a cover up Yep 11 days to get a janitor -- definitely a "Roswell" incident here ;) Alex Jones is on it! Nothing in space in usual or "safe". There is always a relatively large chance that you can end up in a fireball relative to say getting on an airplane or driving to work. I wouldn't ever take space for granted at this point. Without heroes the public will turn against it and not give a damn about robots and computers. I think we need manned space programs to keep the momentum going. Otherwise everyone will be like "why are we in space when the homeless don't have homes". I know it's stupid logic but that the way the masses think quite often. so you better not have that last gallon of ben and jerry's before you take off for your 6 month space station stint. I can't personally because 8 inches down is solid rock. To remove all that rock would cost a fortune to get down to 6feet. Thank you so much for open sourcing the whole thing! modern c++ provides fixes for everything he mentions in the article without completely swapping out all the experience gained from decades of existence. People just aren't using it enough. It's all there. Depends on where you work. Some of us aren't in academia. I simply refactor in modern c++ wherever I can and use "nothing but" whenever we start a new project. You get awesome ideas, and then reality kicks in. I agree this is the market correction I've been waiting on. yeah just volatility in a relatively new market, I expect 10,000 by February You mean the fact that it can be split ad infinitum and new bit coin like currencies with much better properties can be had at the drop of a hat by any dude or dudette in his-her den? Shipping (boats onna water) aren't the 90% problem to solve, that is all on land. You solve that before you worry about the other 10% Now if we would only take on smart modern nuclear reactors, but I'm afraid the greenies in the USA will keep killing that and eventually we'll be buying advanced modular nuclear power from the Chinese in about 10 years. It's far more about politics than it is oil. If we lose Saudia Arabia to China/Russia the US influence in the middle east will be nil and then there will be 0% chance of democracy, just more more Dictatorship. Why would Saudi Arabia be any different than Russia or China (who we trade with (minus the Trump idiocy) without compunction) we don't comment on their murder of journalists or their dictatorships? Saudi Arabia is our only big ally in the region, why do you want to cut off all ties to them? It won't change anything and will just hurt us in the long run. If anything the military side of things is far more advantageous to us than the oil. They are the major counter balance to the theocracy in Iran that would like to unbalance the entire region and establish an Iranian born caliphate. Some AI laughed at your email, put a +1 on a category threshold counter and then deleted it. I hope you didn't put too much effort into it. Why not? Just keep a backup like any sane individual. actually not having logs is a great thing for legal reasons. If you are in the USA you are not required to keep logs for a service like this so I would not keep logs if I were you so that you don't get tied up with legal issues. At worst they make you shut down your service. Actually the article is on point because IBM was king of the hill at one point, but isn't really all that competitive or innovative any more. MS has shown it has an ability to change direction. It's not going overboard. I've heard more than one person refer to it as Darwin at work or "they deserved it for being weak" I think the whole point is that the Chinese government will buy (if allowed) or steal the IP (if not allowed) without compunction or care about agreements. China could take over Taiwan in a month or less if they really wanted to though, so I wouldn't count on that being an obstacle if China and the USA get into a real war Same in the companies I've contracted for, not really that many east Asians, almost all American and Indians It's mostly about catching up so that there's an equal playing field. Sounds legit. I would like to keep one for a pet but they only live a few years. Been through that with a rat, won't do it again; even kits and pups only last 15 years or so. too soon I have read about a problem on some mac laptops where turning off the hardware acceleration for rendering leads to significant increases in responsiveness. Turn that off under settings and see what happens. It's a good thing that you don't run the world then :) . I prefer choice to dictatorships. I certainly don't want google to be my dictator because lazy developers want it easy :). It's great that you don't own a car. Cars are a part of modern day life. Some of us don't want to go without one though. The non-car owners will just have to deal with it. All the cars are in legal spaces. I don't even really have a problem with the scooters either, they're kind of fun to tool around on the weekend when I park my car somewhere downtown and want to run around and experience the city. They are completely orthogonal. Social good is the "quality" of being good for society. Political correctness is almost always a complete waste of time for any society. It is a dead obvious strategy in light of recent political correctness driving the dropping of socially unpopular charities/individuals from places like patreon, along with the universality of digital currency. until there is a digital currency that is the only digital currency and not everyone can just make a new digital currency then there won't be any 'real' digital currencies that will stand the test of time. That's why you get a buyer's agent who has fiduciary responsibility to -you-. They split the typical 6% between themselves and the seller's agent. That's not true in a general sense at all. My agent actively dissuaded me from several houses and pointed out why they were a bad deal. In the end I ended up with a house that I found while driving around a neighborhood I liked. The BA helped me with all the paperwork and made sure I didn't have any issues with the purchase as well. haha definitely reverse caveat emptor :) Yeah they could totally keep it for no more than 2 or 3 months and 99.999% of any problems with "auditing" would also be handled. He knows what's is waiting for him in US prisons. A lifetime of legalized torture I strongly suggest that this is due to being colleges that you can afford if you get in which directly correlates to your parents' incomes, connections, and support which greatly increases your odds to becoming a richer adult. Wouldn't they just cheat with some of the common methods and train some AI with the packet dumps to spot it? I remain a keto advocate but I can understand why vegetarians do what they do and kudos to them for choosing to do it. However, if I have to listen to one more skinny white girl angrily try to convince me that I'm evil because I'm not vegan/vegetarian I might crack and yell back. Why would it go through the same transition as tobacco? There is absolutely nothing good about tobacco. Meat however is nutritious, delicious, and healthy. I do agree with vegans that it is resource intensive compared with veggies. I will be happy to consume lab grown meat or veggie based meats as long as they don't have dangerous carbs and still taste as good as the original. I disagree with you, there are far too many hands in the pot at WHO to take them with anything other than a grain of salt: https://www.cancertodaymag.org/Pages/Winter2018-2019/Carb-Co... I'm counting on greed. We know their business model depends on money from people who at least think they're not selling their traffic info. One bad rumor and evidence that they're selling the info to google and their business is dead. Nah when you hit 50 you're basically just a burned out husk and can't learn anything new, not even your muscles. Love, Silicon Valley I have worked 75 hour weeks but only like a couple times a year, people who say they work that much are usually filling their time with worthless filler. I bet less that 1% of them actually do it. The rest is meetings, web surfing, wasting time on the phone. However business owners can easily do this when profits are down. I'm in this situation. I spend about 30 hours on real development and 10 hours on self improvement (trying new stuff/learning new techniques) . I easily get as much done as my co-workers who go to every meeting and work overtime. Difference is I'm not burned out like the ones who try to look like "company men" by putting in 50 hours a week and attending every little corporate meeting and event that happens. That varies by company. I have worked in Europe and those individuals goofed off just as much as my American compatriots AND had fewer hours. I've had lawyer friends like this. Doing law research can drain the soul after about 40 hours a week.