er Warren Buffet learned from a guy called Benjamin Graham who's books are still in print and considered clasics the K&R or Kunth of investing if you will. Try "the intelligent investor." well I wouldn't call a few racks in some one elses co-lo a data center. Well taking just TV Stargate had several very intelligent characters as role models Sam, Daniel, Jonas, Rodney and Jeannie. and NCIS has Abby and Tim. And the BBC's new sherlock also has a hyper intelligent character. Hmm I can't see using a dremel to power a centrifuge working for non trivial lab uses. And as @jlgreco comments elsewhere chemistry labs have glass-working techs that make a lot of the kit - I recall being taught very basic glass-working at school. A Lot of lab gear is very specialized when I worked at RnD organization lab they had 2 wood shops a metal shop and an electronics shop to build one off experimental kit. And we employed Very good guys some of the wood pieces they turned out where stunningly beautiful. I could see 3d printing working for some labs but this would be the very high end ones that have decent resolution and accuracy and can work with a wider range of materials. Big question is would it be that much cheaper than cnc machining or sintering - given that labs have machine tools and technicians to run them. You are wrong in the UK the first two years of employment are effectively at will - at lot of employment rights only accrue after two years. And if an employer pulls a fast one and break the rules on they don't get fined by labor courts as they do in the USA. True but a slipping on spilled diesel and falling down a flight of stairs is one danger still think rigging block an tackle would be much more efficient. not if they are showing contempt of court they don't Could very well be a co-optee which the KGB used to do a lot in the past and presumably the FSB is no different. Lets be honest no sensible Russian is going to say no to the FSB if they ask for a favor. Doesn't work for major cities an example from the UK 2 bed flat in Bedford a 35/50 min commute is £115,000 red lion square near our office its £625,000. Oops I meant Bedford to st pancras the midland mainlines intercity 125 are 35 min station to station. First capital connect is a bit longer (50-55 min) I normally catch 7:30 and am in the office at 8:40. For eu countries just make sure that your uk subsidiary is an interested party /effected by the crime and eu arrest warrants are easy to get. Sorry if you don't think that say a Spitfire isn't sexy and should make any engineers heart sing just to see it fly and to hear the sound of the merlin or griffin you have no soul. And the sad grandeur of the last TSR2 (look it up) all alone at the back of a hanger with its wings off at Cranfield doesn’t make you sad you should not be working in technology not even on some little iphone fart app. One would hope that the US has something like list X status for companies that are sensitive (and telcos and coms companys are) and have senior people and those with acess to sensitive information vetted. I know a senior developer in British telecom who worked on the system that tracks every private circuit in the UK and she was being PV'd (positively vetted its called developed vetting these days) - as she had root access to this system same as being TS cleared in the USA. UM you know governments have exemptions to those laws in fact these days all western TLA's have a statutory basis took a while in the UK's case mind you. But does Google follow best practice or did they invent their own half-assed method - the evidence from the way the Chinese hacked them is the latter. If Google were serious they should have brought out Bruces company Counterpane and put him in charge of security. Thats why a I mentioned statutory if for example the FBI had suspicions that the KGB/SVR or another state had agents within a company they would take action and they have caught a number of spies doing this. The KGB back in the day had an entire department Line X that was dedicated to industrial espionage - Putin apparently was in this Department Well not properly securing the system the us law enforcement used to legaly get info from google - that should have been locked down properly with hardware cypto gear so that it could only talk one way to approved system in the FBI or better still via an air gap. Its blindingly obvious to any one with even a basic knowledge of computer security best practice. They spearfished a pc apparently. And systems used by your TLA's to handle law enforcement access are not available to "any device on the internet" As I said they should be set up to only talk over a private circuit to one other end point and also have proper hardware crypto gear that is external to the systems. separating the extraction of data and applying the decoding probably should have been done on separate systems. yeh right that's going to scale NOT - UGC spam can cause your site to tank I have seen this happen to major authority sites (I work for FSTE 100 publisher) Our suspicion is that when we clamped down on the spammers by banning accounts they reported our site for spam that they had created we lost 20% of our traffic - major brands like us can tough it out this could kill smaller sites without the runway to survive this or have "friends" inside the wire at Google. I have had to help a small company completely rename and start again on a new domain after some one hacked the site and inserted 1000's of pages with links to porn sites. Will be abused sadly ;-( oh come on if they abolished NI Social Security or its equivalent do you really think that your employer would suddenly pay you that? If you believe that I have some shares to sell you in London bridge Probably because its expensive and requires a lot of people and isn't amenable to automation even a cheap show is running at 1M per hour. It will be interesting to see how BT Vision plays out in the UK. Well from a pro perspective (I have done a lot of work in analyzing jobs and classified sites) there doesn't appear to be any taxonomy or role/Geo browse structure. Handling expired jobs and cat/geo pages with no adverts is another tricky area. But mondragon worked so well for situational and cultural reasons Basque culture is very cooperative. That's the way most coops work coop by ownership not coop by management except for major decisions where everyone one get their say. I once chaired a share holders meeting of a coop and had to ask the founder to stop speaking as he had all ready spoken on the substantive motion and other junior members wanted to speak. Thank goodness for Citrine (The Uk equivalent to Roberts Rules of Debate) and Baxi was also gifted to its employees though they now only exists as a non profit that works on employee/mutual share ownership. http://www.baxipartnership.co.uk/ Also for a more engineering example Arup http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Arup That is the killer Q for coops access to capital with out giving up control and so no being a coop any more. why there are other Publishers that will step in to fill the gap New Scientist has just launched a German language site for example. Realy? you think some start up is going to produce some software or that you could represent you effectively in court for non trivial cases? Excell breaks badly for trivially small data sets This is Ryanair SOP - you don't the the owner got to be the "most hated man in Ireland" for nothing do you. I can hear the screaming sound of Patrick Moore rotating in his coffin as i type this response. Oh dear someone doesn't have a sense of humor do they And certainly in the Uk severance packages are not a Q for start ups as. A The statutory redundancy payment only applies if you have worked for two years (which most failed start-up wont have) B If a company goes bust badly the state pays the redundancy - some multinationals have abused this by artificially making a subsidiary bankrupt the 100's redundant workers redundancy where paid by the Government when the parent company got of of Scot free. And don't forget get that IT workers are considered professionals and so don't have the full protection of the working time directive. er that's bollocks in the UK the share save schemes are wildly popular - I know people who got £40k tax free out of one years at BT And one at my current employer that comes out next year will pay out £20k if you maxed out your contributions 4 years ago And a lot of mainland Europeans give out 1/12 bonuses at year end the "13th Month" You can sue for unpaid OT in the USA as well. Not sure id agree with you "old" money will look down on new money. Apparently some old money Sloanes used look down Kate Mideltons parents self made millionaires. Her Mum as an ex Air hostess was refered to as ‘doors to manual' Doesn't seem to have learned much in 15 years then. well most countries do have breaks for start ups ans at least the Uk doesn't have the perverse taxing of options that the USA has which can lead to options that are under water and worthless costing 100,000's but even comparing quite different states in the US they are more similar than the extremes of the EU you get in practice - arguably the expansion was botched and a lot of entrants came in before they had converged. what also needs to be done form a CEO CTO perspective is have a succession plan in place - this is where I feel Rand fell down here it should not be be "o noes what if x leaves" it should be if x leaves can y (x's deputy) do his job. well its the tax breaks of course silly. In the UK the grants for solar used to guarantee around a 8% return - this is a tax break for the Upper middle classes who can spend $20k or so. This is a result of the silly panic over fukishima in Germany and the greens being brought off to keep Adrea Merkal in power. Would not they check the passenger list for Dr's first? I remember being told that this was an occupational hazard for Phd's that you might be assumed to be a MD Dr. yes back when I helped organize a medium sized (1200-11300) camping event we always had plenty of sugar and mars bars to cater for diabetics that went out of balance this is in addition to what the on site St Johns team had. Only had one close shave where some one diabetic had become and unconscious and thrown up in there sleeping bag - let me tell you seeing someone being carried towards you on a stretcher certainly gets rid of the hangover quick - this was pre mobile phones so i had to sprint to the public call box to call 999 (911) The voters in Germany might want to to increase funding for Care homes for the elderly or funding for start ups not providing a subsidy to well-of middle class. Ufortunetly the average worker in the general work force isn't that computer savvy (HN readers are not a representative sample) it makes good sense to train them using the bog standard office software. yes but the us subsidiary would probably pay more tax to the govenment. if the tax law is constructed to have advantages for these "home businesses" then its a tax break and don't get me started on the "hobby" farms that get subsidy's from the CAP budget. An I am a pro EU guy you can see why Ukip are gaining in popularity I agree did you see the sewing needle in the log FFS along with craft word in the seal on the wall. "don't worry ladies its just craft like sewing a quilt" they will be going on about how they have some "negro boys" in the next group. Obviously hit a nerve there Its also expensive to produce a cheap TV show runs 1/2 M per 45 minute show - I rember on slashdot where some commentators where incensed about how the lead actors on a show are over paid (and the scale rate for a featured player is about 1/2 the starting salary for the average programmer in SV) And for actors getting a lead on a show is maybe the top 1% or 2% of there profession. there's no such thing as " failure in a wealthy country." sorry what planet are you on - there are plenty of people who fall though the gaps in the USA and the UK. Unless you think the homeless guy I see sleeping behind the pret a manger in holbourn is some kind of success story I think a few Hh participants back in the our day would have had nice navy blazers with brass buttons and wrote COBOL for Computer Asociates. Can we have a HN old farts T shirts for us old timers :-) But can you a force the lawyers to enforce your rights in this case a company with deep pockets can drag out a law case for a long and costly time. Decades in some cases the long running section A pension case went on for well over a decade in the UK conveniently for the employer that meant that the people effected by the decision started dieing off reducing the cost. It also has a tie up with Bing for supplementary results /follow on searches this could hurt Googles market share. I wonder if Larry,Eric or Sergey have thrown any chairs though a window :-) Right so to ace the interview all one needs is some white racing overalls and a white simpson Daimondback helemt accessorized with a vintage HP calculator and a set of steam tables. Some say that his not only the man-in-the-middle, he's at both ends and has wiretaps on Alice, Bob, Carol and Dave. and that he once crashed a 10 way IBM sysplex by staring at at it all we know is hes the stigs nerdy cousin. or society becomes more and more self censoring if your thesis was true we should seen a decline in say drug testing for standard non sensitive jobs already. so why are you not posting with your real name on here then? as a rule of thumb triple the salary to get an idea of the total cost - this is for bog standard jobs. Very technical organizations (Bell Labs JPL, F1 Teams) can have OH rates of 600%+ like the ranked 1 RnD organization I worked at it costs to have those very expensive shops, master level craftsmen and engineers on staff. And at the time (this is pre OS X) apples OS was not preemptive multitasking which is sort of required for a useful window based GUI the problem is that for higher IQ's you at the end of the distribution so the effect of errors is much higher maybe the two Nobels just had a cold or a bad day when they took the test. And how do you factor conditions like dyslexia in I have seen suggestions that dyslexics score 15 or 20 points off so by that mark I am a genius :-) what a French company gets preferential treatment in France - to quote Captain Renault: I’m shocked, shocked to find that favoring of national champions is going on in here. Hint Which companies got raided over the 35 hour week a few years back not French owned ones. well in that case why all the fuss and fines over Janet Jacksons wardrobe malfunction at the Superbowl. What the OP doesn't say is this going to be a desktop replacement or not which makes a lot of difference. Remember most professional code writing is going to be done on a full sized desktop with 2 or 3 screens - a laptop is a second machine is for when you are out and about. Well different strokes. The problem with desk top replacement laptops is that you need to spend more on the laptop and all the docking station kit takes up desk space where as a midi tower can go under the desk. And whilst Mac airs and displays are nice "hand on heart" I could not justify the extra expense to an employer or the share holders (whose money it is) when compared to an equivalent PC and a cheapo laptop (shared between the team) for the times when I need to be mobile. And the problem for going mac air only is that people will stereotype you as hipster wannabe if you not careful. Well as in life its the "perception" of a thing, can be more powerful than the actuality. Amen brother its how capitalism works are not Cartels illegal under the The Sherman Antitrust Act of 1890 - fixing the price of labor presumably counts. Now that is cool will have to try that on one of my PI's Interesting I suppose a "resonable person" would think suppressing the wage bill counted but as ever one rune for you and me one for the employer. Though this does reduce the state tax take which I know that individual states can get quite litigious over this issue The problem is that 99.99% of these motions to propose a new law are not written by people who understand parliamentary procedure and drafting of valid motions. passing a new law may require altering existing law or striking down old laws - the "conseqensials" get this wrong and you will lose. and there the whole question of time tabling if the government can control when the motion is time tabled it might fall off if time runs out if they schedule it at the end of session for example. or if its a badly worded motion/petition it would have to pass the rules for validity according to the rules of the finish parliament and if it failed that it wouldn't even get on the order paper let alone moved. yes why would a printer need to be externally addressable - the problem will only get worse if ipv6 (aka ipv4 with rivets as the sainted verity stobb calls it) takes off. um no Apprenticeships are strictly craft skills and sit at the base of the engineering pyramid. An apprentice might make a wind tunnel model designed by an engineer but they would probably know zero about CFD. I do wish people who have never worked in proper engineering would stop throwing craft and apprentice in to discussions when they have no understanding of what they are taking about. What next if you don't do this are they going to send round her flick and von smallhausen. I am tempted to join instagram just so i can upload a picture of ian lavender - "Don't tel Him Pike" I think your point "same job offers, the same salary? Probably not" i think you just made my point. And I seem to recall the German education system has some quite strict streaming. I think going from apprentice-> ->technician->engineer (or similar level of job) might be harder in Germany than it is in the UK or US. Having said that Germany has a very powerfull vocational training system unlike any where else in the world. Seeing as the president cannot propose his own bills is not this a rather "pious" and pointless exercise - surly would not the effort be better spent finding a sympathetic senator or congressman to introduce a reform the DMCA bill. well you have to look at the wider picture Germany is rare (almost unique) in that engineers are looked up to as the equivelent or a doctor and lawyer. And how many senior engineers at Audi and BMW and Mercedes started as apprentices. In the English speaking word this is not the case we are look upon as greasy almost sub human. for example the wife of the no2 at bt labs you know the place where the first computer was designed and built when she said that he husband was an engineer she was asked patronizingly "oh thats nice dear what sort of cars does he work on" As some on coming from Birmingham Ozzie has lost most of his Noddy Holder (the lead singer in slade) has a stronger more black country accent (the rural brummie accent and how Sam Gamgee should have sounded like in the LOTR) As well as the accent there is the question of the brummie dialect which can be much harder to decipher for a non native "yow" for "you" for example are you going to internationalize the salary for non US locations. £ for the Uk and Eros for the Eurozone countrys (BTW for some eu countrys you need to mention if you get the 13th Month or not) yes given that my employer a FTSE 100 publisher must have spent a huge amount time and money on this stupid law - can we claim this back against our tax bill. um the CIA are not police and neither are the FBI in there internal security role nor sould they - note that the only time MI5 had an ex copper as a boss as a disaster I would imagine that SIS officers work in the US under cover as diplomats - and what does the USA broken system for electing electing Law officials have to do with how intelligence agencys are run ? Given the way that the Icelandic government has written off the bank accounts of the pensioners who had money there leaving the UK and I presume US governments. You will have to forgive me as a uk taxpayer who is having to cover icleands debts - I personally don't give a fuck that the wheels came of there ponzie scheme. um if I where a CIA operator id be highly pissed of if you compered me to a sheriff billy bob elected in some rotten borough) let alone some minimum wage security guard No but it was the MACs lock on the "creative" industrys that helped generate halo effect on the mac brand. And high end mac users have been worried that apple is throwing them under the buss for the consumer market for years now. If I where MS id set up a workstation division just for this market and produced built to the hilt machines for the high end users Good luck with that should or do you not understand the class/status system - society defiantly thinks that there is a difference between a minimum wage security guard and say a FBI,CIA,SIS,SS officer who will have an directly equivalent rank to his or her counterpart in the milatery? yes thats why the original official secrets act was passed in the UK after they found a german national sketching away inside a dock yard pre WW1. And if I find an open telecoms cab and tap your phone that is still an offense. It's the elected nature of judges and prosecutors that is the main problem - to much emphasis on news worthy cases to get elected and not on applying the spirit of the law. No Judge or Prosecutor should ever be elected its just to dangerous and to make a start I suggest that supreme court Justices should have a minimum of at least 20 years experience as a Judge - not as one recent one zero experience being just an academic lawyer. Ah sorry I was confusing this with District attorney. The point about Judges or prosecutors being not selected because they have pissed off one side or the other stands - I think the UK system is safer as it mush harder for politicians to block or influence. so you have these rights but the govenment can over rule it for "public interest" or "as necessary in a democratic society" I am sure that the Chinese leaders would say that the labour camps are "as necessary in a democratic society" Oh and that old chestnut its for the children As some one who used to work on OSI based systems well thats just sloppy standards writing the bane of internet standards. Its a pity that RFC's and other internet standards are not written and implemented more rigorously - for example Google have problems interpreting the xml sitemap standard and that is only 3 pages FFS. oh I agree but who defines what is "necessary" and looking at the nordic states (iclelands constitution is based on the danish constitution) they can be very communitarian and the down side of those systems sis they can be very unforgiving of outsiders and those that do not fit in. The original Tesla is a lotus with shed loads of batteries stuffed inside which destroys the handling. And having to take extreme care to look after the battery is not low maintainance. If you want a beautiful machine with US style handling buy a Shelby Mustang (though they have now seen sense and make them with a non live back Axel) you obviously don't know much about tactics the Sturmtruppen in ww1 did use more complex tactical maneuvers and where successful. And the french system (impulse) developed out of the 7 years war and used by Napoleon used manover with combined arms to defeat the static linear armys he was facing Sounds like your not taking your meds - a us citizen who has joined terry taliban and in a war zone is not the same as having doubts about working for Huawei. The obvious thing to do in such circumstances is to offer your services to the CIA as an inside source. CPAN is probably the main one when i built a front end to authority labs api all of the heavy lifting (apart from the Callback handler) was done using perl modules work (excluding production line blue collar jobs) expands to take up the hours worked for example back in the 70's the Uk went to a 3 day week during the power strikes funnily the output of the country did not go down by 3/5. True but you have to pay the price when caught as Russia did when the uk expelled 140 or so KGB and GRU officers. Probably because designing and running a big DC crosses discipline boundrys that a pure CS guy would not have the skills. As Seymore Cray said he was more a plumber that a computer guy - well strictly speaking cooling HPC's is more fluid dynamics rather than a domestic plumber.