Mediatemple. Excellent. We. Yes, Yodlee is crazy expensive and doesn't seem willing to negotiate with startups. CashEdge may be a better option. And, as has been noted, you could handle the top 5-50 institutions yourself which would get you very broad coverage. If you want regular credit card processing, have a look at WorldPay. If you want alternative payment processing, PayPal or Google might be good options. $5 per fax is not cheap. The defenders here are using fairly tortured logic. Startups should spend energy on thngs that matter, not email. No wonder Loopt got left in the dust. Definitely PayPal. Not only should you be able to get 5% + 5c, it also is just rolling out a much better UX for digital goods and more importantly has 200+ miliion ready to pay. This is terrible advice. TextMate...like I'm guessing most Mac users will answer. Kod looks promising. Looks cool, I expect to give it a try. Was leaning towards SimpleGeo. Doesn't look very promising to me. How will you be populating the database? Will this be better than Google, Odesk, Yelp or 1-800-Dentist? It looks far to open-ended to me to be of any value. $20 sounds low. $50 is reasonable. There actually are not too many good providersin this space. The only I can think of off-hand are Phonebooth and Grasshopper. Most of the others are much too cumbersome. DotCloud is interesting but I think I'd prefer a set of comparable Fabric scripts and an AWS account. But that wouldn't be a very good business I suppose. People probably think that Yammer purposefully makes it difficult when the reality is that 1) departing customers are a small fraction of users and 2) it's difficult to prioritize highly a feature to "close an account". I didn't understand a word you wrote. This is wrong. All you have to do is return a "200 OK" and PayPal will stop sending IPNs. You don't even need to perform the validation postback at all. It's completely optional. REST is totally useless since no one really knows wha it means and there are few if any APIs that come close to being "RESTful". REST's proponents, including Roy, have done a dreadful job educating on what REST is. As I commented on the Rdio thread, it would be nice if the complainers actually suggested how the API in question could be designed more RESTfully. I'm just saying the validation is not required. There are different ways to ensure the IPN is valid. Except the guy gave two other examples of impossible-to-search-for Microsoft-given names: .net and c#. No. I always like to do something practical, not a mere exercise. So my first choice is actually building something with a full-stack framework like web2py. You can easily create a db-driven web site in 30 min - 5 hours. I hope people recognize that CL's continuing longevity is because of it's simplicity, not in spite of it. Has anyone actually run in to this problem or is it speculative? I got an error like that also when trying to log in. It's another in a long list of attempts to create a digital cash scheme which will never work. Regular money is more than satisfactory for almost everyone. You ready to pay $10k? $50k? $100k? Because it would cost at least that much to serve the handful of people who want to pay for that feature. The poster may have valid points but the post is useless. Anyone can sit back and say a maker didn't do it right. I actually don't think his points are all that good. I thought Cloud Servers were from Rackspace's Mosso project and Slicehost remains mostly independent? That seems a little harsh without any specifics. Does he mention what happened to Rasmus? Square is the only card-present service I am aware of that offers a free swiper, no application process, no setup fee, no monthly fees and a reasonable transaction fee. That is clearly competition. It's suicidal to enter the game with an alternative. You have to build a chunk of business and then you can think about something more alternative. Jack and Keith clearly understand this. First, yes, Square is going after what you might call a "consumer". Second, Apple counts millions of small businesses among its customer base. People don't want to be charged a fee to make a face-to-face transaction with someone they know. That is a lousy business. You're probably not the only who feels that way but it's as likely that this could speed it up. NFC is just a fancy way to communicate a number which is the easiest part of a credit card transaction. Square will be well-positioned to serve the long tail when/if NFC gains traction. It does feel a little flimsy and it takes a few tries to get the hang of it reliably. At some point square will need to provide more heavy-duty readers for higher volume merchants. Agree with most of this. Python is an excellent language to start with. I would suggest downloading and using Web2py. It provides a complete environment for Windows, Mac and *nix. You can be programming a web site in literally minutes. Web2py can run entirely off your PC (with Rocket and SQLite) but then you can easily deploy to a server (nginx, apache, etc; Mysql, Postgres, etc). The Web2py Book is terrific and includes a very brief summary of Python: http://web2py.com/book Try to build something that people want. Better, try to build something that people would pay for. The point is that 5% de-duping (ie less deduping) would lead to the high number. Probably under 150. I'm sure Twilio is hoping this sounds impressive but it sounds pathetic to me. Services are supposed to stay up after all. Shortish article summary: no information about which performs better. That doesn't make sense. The main benefit of Groupon, et al is finding new customers. Not sure why the downvotes but average all-in costs of startup employees in the Bay Area startups is less than $150k. It's better to have buy-in even if you don't need the cash. The Python overview in the Web2py docs might be sufficient ( http://web2py.com/book/default/chapter/02 ). It's very concise but covers the basics. Then, for reference, the Python docs are the way to go. Two points: 1) "Smart" people should be able to figure this out. 2) Great answer to "What does it feel like to be the smartest person in the room? I'm in the wrong room." There's a major disconnect here: PayPal is not digital cash, it's credit card processing. There is a major difference. What a terrible article. The guy got fired! Isn't that sufficient? Buffett has always railed against the ridiculous processes that cripple other companies. Why would or should he behave differently? http://www.vicoapp.com/about.html If you're going to ask for feedback, you should take it! Here's a professional explaining that you don't have to worry so much about the login. A 2-4 digit code will do. Password-protect the manager login if you want, but not the servers'. This should not be keeping you up at night. What should be keeping you up at night is the ordering experience. This is where users are going to spend 99% of their time. It needs to be flawless and ultra-refined for speed and accuracy. The cascading screens and tiny "Done" buttons are not going to cut it for heavy use. Finally, you are going to need to be careful about getting feedback during a 15 minute demo. There is a grand canyon of difference between using a POS all day every day versus once for 15 minutes. There are tons of small restaurants and take-out places that don't use POS. Start with them. Don't try to get people to switch until your solution is rock-solid and high performance. If your system actually works, you will have no trouble selling it. What we've seen so far needs improvement. If you can't get a warm introduction to someone like Ryan Spoon, Dave McClure, Fred Wilson, Brad Feld, et. al., you need to work a little harder. If you have #4 (which you should by the time you seek semi-professional money), they will be thrilled to either talk to you or refer you to someone. I don't understand this point of view. I question the assumption that iPads are primarily devices of the wealthy. We're talking about $500 for a lifetime of learning, not thousands of dollars. And the portability and durability of iPads makes them easily rentable and transferable. I would lean towards staying in your position longer, possibly up to the year to receive your bonus, and build a larger cushion or even have something lined up before you quit. It will be difficult to disguise your attitude to prospective employers and there's not a huge need for junior marketing people with minimal experience. Finally, you're going to find politics and bureaucracy in any organization with more than 1 person. So what do you suggest? The person I responded to was specifically concerned about the iPad, I presume vs other devices that might also be able to deliver the Khan Academy content. Are we now to criticize anything not affordable to $150/month wage earners? This sounds like a job posting in disguise. I'm 41 with a wife and kid (another on the way) and not crazy technical: http://pricetack.com Anything like this for Python? To feed the hamsters in their servers! But those are some pretty big traffic numbers so I suppose the frequent sluggishness is reasonable. I'm surprised you got stuck on revenues. Typically if you can show that you are building something that people want in a big category in an area people are known to spend money, you would be ok. Ar you sur that was it? I would also reiterate what others have said: if you're grinding away on nuance, you need to simplify. Calling this a tax cut is mis-leading because it's never been collected on IPO companies. I was a little off-put by the inclusion of that phrase. Being able to work on small teams on interesting projects that reach 100s of millions of users and get paid reasonably well is sufficient incentive to work for Facebook I should think. These countries have had centuries to progress. Why now? 1. Yes, it is pushing envelopes. 2. Never been done by private industry. 3. Radically lower price. How do I downvote? Some shareholders are selling in the IPO. It's covered in the post. It's more common for selling stockholders to sell in a follow-on but not unprecedented. It will be great to get some liquidity into the hands of fantastic investors like Reid Hoffman. So is there an easy way to set this up, preferably server-agnostic? Do you have any recommendations for something simple? Downvote. I doubt they are using the funds for operating costs. Most likely to combat fraud. Has anyone ever done good research on how a minimalist web site might compare to a fancier version with respect to the various objectives of the site owner? Some other minimalist sites that perform quite well are Hacker News and Craigslist. Have site owners been mis-led into thinking that flashiness equates to credibility or customer satisfaction? The problem is that it's disrespectful in the first place. Who wants to be part of a group that is so little respected? How hard is it to make an evaluation that doesn't devalue the audience? I am currently bearish on social shopping. Lots of people actually do not like to buy and sell from friends. And ultimately, you usually want as wide an audience as possible. However, I think Facebook and Twitter will continue to be important channels for gaining exposure and engaging with customers. Regarding Novelo, the Facebook page is pretty much empty so I am not sure what the service does or how it works. I am unlikely to add the app without any information. back at you on the plug: pricetack.com falling price marketplace This reminds me of the old PeoplePC which leased you a computer plus dial-up access for 20-25 bucks/month. I think it makes more sense bundling with internet access since people are not accustomed to renting PCs. They all seem too "thick". I guess they might work if I was starting from scratch but they look like a pain to migrate to. Has anyone come up with something much leaner? At this point, why not just leave them open and don't spend any money on them? And if you're going to stop employing people, how about some Sacto bureaucrats that don't have much of an impact on anything? Does Limewire have $100 million? Does it have any money? Is anyone going to get paid? Is the founder guy really going to cut a $100 million check at this point? So what if, like almost all startups, no income is being generated? The founders clearly do not consider this person a founder so I don't think founder equity is appropriate at all. Did this really happen? I would be surprised at the lack of acumen of a YC-approved company. While the experience of YC is priceless, you should of course be getting a salary or equity of a little of each. And unless the sustenance pay is at least minimum wage, it might be illegal in California. If this really happened and there wasn't some mis-undertanding, I would question the credibility of the company. I don't think (m)any of Jason's projections will come to fruition. We've seen this movie a number of times before (Digicash, et al) and I don't see why today's environment is any different. They all had the exact same early momentum as we are seeing with Bitcoin and all, of course flamed out hard with zero government action (while PayPal thrived spectacularly). The fact of the matter is that digital money is appealing only to a teensy, tiny group of people. "she's" I've had luck with a simple nginx + uWSGI setup but I'm probably missing something. And I use fabric. And so the process begins to make bitcoin as user friendly as credit cards. Escrow has never worked well for consumer commerce because sellers dont like it. So I understand: you are 1 of 3 people involved, you are the main/only technical person, you were involved in service ideation, you engineered most/all of the service? That would suffice for co-founder-ship in my book. Offer a free tier. I don't want a trial. I want to see exactly how your service works and I want to make a purchase decision on my timeline, not yours. LinkedIn is not even trying to make net income so it's erroneous to perform much analysis on that number. Yes, it's a lofty number but LinkedIn has been around for quite some time and has very solid and very rapidly growing financials. No. It's a-cyclical...even better. Everyone here should be ecstatic about this development. Perhaps the most talented, savvy and generous angel investors now has $1 billion. When a new issue is offered to the market, after it is priced but before it actually starts trading, all of the buyer and seller interest is consolidated to determine what price point would result in there being an equal amount of buying and selling. And that becomes the opening price. I like Henry (Joe...not so much), but they are being idiots. Pricing an IPO is not quite that easy. And a 100% pop is not the end of the world for the company. In fact it is pretty neat. Henry's analogy is asinine. Better is the owner of a 10 unit building renting to a tenant for $1000 who turns around and rents for $2000. The owner, without doing anything, has just increased the value of his building by 90%. Making money in banking is trivially easy. The big banks need to assess all sorts of fees to sustain their humongous and humongously unnecessary cost structures. You are in a very small minority (credit union customers). It's you. I think BankSimple is going to struggle to find customers with its current proposition. The fact is that people are not as unhappy with their banks' fees, customer support or websites as BankSimple thinks (or at least suggests). People like branches and brands. The one thing people do like is products which is how ING broke into the business but an approach that BankSimple appears not to be pursuing. Such a weird fixation: bringing .Net to non-Windows platforms? I don't get it. It's only erroneous if you define the axes as such. Because overpricing makes it look like there is a lack of interest which is a terrible appearance for anything, really.