This has to do with a series of 4chan posts under "anon works IT" https://imgur.com/gallery/B9wqU They do. Recently applied for a position I am somewhat qualified for (all the right resume keywords and x years of experience). Recruiter calls me in for an interview only to tell me the 'client' wants someone with a degree. Degrees are nice to have for getting past bureaucracy. However,I still maintain for IT an programming jobs,the time and financial investment is largely a waste. Identity based encryption. https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/ID-based_encryption "Identity-based systems allow any party to generate a public key from a known identity value such as an ASCII string. A trusted third party, called the Private Key Generator (PKG), generates the corresponding private keys...." I think it's innovative and a bit of "thinking outside the box". You do need to ultimately trust a 3rd party (same as in PKI or WOT I guess?). This. I live this everyday and they talk about it in terms of "insider threat" and "user behavior analytics". Yes , every last thing you do at work is being monitored and analyzed. You see,I am at a point where I wish it stopped at work. $work these days spies on your off work activities as well. Essentially making you their slave. If you don't experience this,then maybe your company isn't big enough to afford it(or if it is,please tell me more about this wonderful company that let's you do your job without 24/7 surveillance) EDIT:Just search for " user behavior analytics".Orwell would be impressed You can use those APIs but AV and dynamic sandbox analysis solutions look for samples that make decisions based on the return value of those functions. [flagged] I may have gone too far with the trumpist remark,I just saw a close paralell. I did not mean you were one. Anyways,you tried to make the story about the media,how this article is some sort of retribution. Yes I went too far there,I did not intend it as an insult,I only attempted to draw a parallel. Sorry. A person shouldn't have to prove they're not fake,the person making the accusation needs to backup his statement with proof(not speculation). Obviously,there is no reason to even give ear to accusations against her. But,I do have something against using your sex appeal and good looks to get more views,support,etc... A woman wearing skimpy dress,cleavage or breast accentuating(?) Top is just as inappropriate as a topless muscular guy wearing only a speedo and his privates bulging out while making similar tech videos. There are times and places to display what an awesome body you have and how sexy you are(for any gender) That being said,this slander,gossip and spreading false rumors is a terrible thing. Even if she was a "fake" it would still be an unethical and inappropriate response. Frankly,I think the people spreading the rumors are displaying nothing more than their own insecurity. Yeah, I don't have a problem with women in tech at all. They shouldn't have to sexualize themselves for success. Plenty of smart women (including likely the subject of the article) where their work is more than enough to compete with any man's work. As a user,I am most offended by ads that target me. I would rather see a completely unrelatable ad. It feels like learning new information that way,as opposed to being stalked and preyed upon. I don't know how much research has been done on the subject,but personally I don't mind ads in general,I mind ads that target (stalk) me and intrusive ads. I can tolerate ads that target the page content or random ads just fine. In any military force,turning your weapon against your own people is worse than being a traitor,running from battle in cowardice or surrendering to the enemy. Their continued attack(yes,using malware and implants against someone is an attack) against their own people is in my opinion completely shameful and unpatriotic. As someone who has no intention of breaking any law or of harming the united states,it is simply not ok for me to have to include my government as part of any threat model or as a potential attacker. I have been wondering why that isn't done more often myself. I mean,it isn't like tv ads didn't work. Their soldiers shot their own people and received rewards? I find that hard to believe. Or did you mean computer attacks? In communist and authoritarian nations, monitoring what the people are doing is normal(to account for potential dissent),but they would also shoot/imprison their own people over political dissent. Maybe the U.S. is no better than those nations. Still doesn't make it right. If a soldier does not protect his people and their rights then he becomes nothing more than a henchman for politicians - worse than a traitor. I guess that qualifies and makes a good example of an unpatriotic soldier blindly obeying orders. It doesn't,but since I learned about this person,I commented on this aspect of the story. Technical work should be judged on technical merits. Being called fake because of your appearance is unfair and so is marketing technical work using your appearance. My objection was towards unfair abuse of someones appearance whether by the subject of the story or by her accusers. > Most VPN software, frankly, is awful. Using a VPN feels like a backward step to the dial up era of obscure error messages, slow downs, and clunky software. It really doesn’t have to be that way. Ugh...interesting analogy. Personally, I prefer my "dial up era" wireguard or openvpn over a "modern era" service that aims to be a gate-keeper of internet content delivery. CF always tries to interact with the browser/application. Still trying to cope with "Alphabet inc" tracking users cross device and apppication. I Would rather see reduced performance if it means one less corporate middleman. That said,I would have no problem with Neumob or any CF service if all application traffic used browser(or app) to real-server end to end encryption and CF did not store cookies and did not run js. After all,CDN services like akamai,fastly and cloudfront manage to operate just fine without being intrusive like CF. Not true,sure I would prefer programming related ads but I still want it page-relevant and not based on my browsing history,habits or sensor data. Is there really no legal option to stop this? Can't users who don't use facebook file a restraining order? Just like ipv6 they are over complicating things that need simplification. End to end encryption and chat room backlog would be nice. DCC and CTCP need to go away. A simpler protocol that does more with less would in my opinion be optimal. You are right. My comment was more towards the ircv3 wg. It's a made up term. Titles are suppose to be specific. I made a nice dinner yesterday myself. Guess I'm a maker too(no recipe used,original as well!) Since they are using "maker" to describe persons that are engineering electronics related work,why not just call themselves "electronics engineer"? Edit: seems I stepped on toes with my comment,I don't know how else to react to a term like "maker". Could have been less sarcastic but I'll eat up the downvotes and maintain what small amount of common sense I have. Glad he apologized and offered to right what he wronged. I hope Naomi accepts the apology as well. That said,unless you were personally wronged by this man,please let it go and consider this whole drama history. I wish either party didn't make this about a struggle between genders and classes. Guy acted like a jerk and apologized,something any one of us can do(regardless of gender,skin color or nationality) When you describe what you do with a term (made up or not),that term should at the very least give your audience some idea of what you do. Everyone is a maker. The point of a language is to communicate information,not to obscure it. Would it be a proper use of language if a programmer called himself a "writer"? After all he is writing. "programmer" or "software developer" is used to distinguish what type of writing he/she works with for a living. Sorry if that offended you,but from my perspective,it just does not communicate the nature of their work efficiently. Fair enough. This is why I would not ever be able to keep a silicon valley job. Sure language is made up,but isn't an obstacle to clear communication bad language? I find it hard to accept unreasonable logic(even the popular and trendy kind). Powerpc isn't too bad. Affordable power9 would be nice. What needs to be done to make that a reality? > I want to know if they can communicate with me. I want to know if I can sit down and talk to them and enjoy myself. Do I get any weird vibes? Do they keep checking their phone? Can they talk with passion about their current work or work experience? If this doesn’t go well, maybe schedule a second one, or part ways. Honest question, why do they think this sort of stuff is relevant? I've heard "can I spark a conversation with him if I met him at the check out line?" And other questions I can't wrap my head around. Is it appropriate to meet for coffee to begin with? Is an ability to socialize well and "chat over coffee" important for roles that are not customer or client facing? As a developer or engineer,do you find these skills relevant,critical or important to get your job done? Justice shouldn't be based on statistics. If a sexual harrasment claim is made,why not treat it like any other accusation of wrongdoing? If the accused admits(like many of the popularized cases recently),he should be charged in court,why would someone admitting to rape not be prosecuted? If the accused does not admit guilt then he(or she) should be viewed as innocent until proven otherwise. Is it not better for many guilty suspects to escape punishment than for one innocent person to pay for a crime that didn't happen? Maybe slander applies here if the accused feels the media(and social media) accusations are wrong. Remember this: https://www.marketwatch.com/story/google-searches-for-hillar... I doubt anyone can give you a sure answer. But this sort of a thing is a "public secret" https://www.theguardian.com/technology/2016/jun/04/google-in... https://www.washingtonpost.com/business/economy/as-obama-nea... Any of these?: https://duckduckgo.com/?q=google+cia+post Notice the term "data provider" (a provider is a willing participant) in this snowden leak slide: https://en.m.wikipedia.org/wiki/Turbulence_(NSA)#/media/File... The question really is "what ideology?" Not whether or not everything they do is ideological. Maybe I should slowly put down my tinfoil hat. I can only presume,but I believe they simply want it to integrate well with the existing protonmail public key system. Also,maybe they plan on letting protonmail users share or send contacts(non-repudiation and authentication). Just leave super mario,duck hunt and galaga alone! Can't you use the same argument for robot soldiers? They will stick to rules of engagement and less people will die. The question with cars and robot soldiers is how comfortable will society be with machines causing human death. Even if overall human death is reduced. Also,what about accountability? Who would I press charges against if a self driving car chose to save a stranger but kill a loved one? For a human driver,neglect and responsible driving can be measured. But for a machine,the only blame I can place is with a megacorp and their lawyer army for training the ML algorithm that caused loss of a loved one (or loss of a limb) [flagged] Sheesh,HN sure has a good sense of humor.. That's not a bad investment at all. Not sure if still true but last I heard,some 85% of internet traffic at some point is processed by a juniper device. I don't care much for your herd mentality. When I comment,I expect my audience to be individuals not herd members that think "this is how we do things here". I have been around elitist types long enough to not be bothered by it too much. Do what you will,what can I do other than wonder in amusement how something as simple as a harmless pun can be taken so seriously. And I don't use reddit. Thank you so much for this mozilla. It is ridiculously easy to trick even tech savvy users with a data: uri phish. Great read! Thanks for sharing. Would be great if lsm hooks existed for execve and create_elf_table(). Tangential to that,wonder why loading multiple lsm isn't a thing? I can see myself writing complimentary lsm to an existing selinux or apparmor lsm that adds or enhances functionality and security controls. The question troubles me much more than the answer. Whether for a job position or college application acceptance,why is it ok to practice anything short of pure meritocracy? When a person attends a school or works at a company,why is that person seen as an ambassador and representative of a larger group as opposed to an individual representing himself or herself? If a person can demonstrate their ability to meet or exceed the demands of a job or their ability to succeed academically at the school of choice,why consider anything else? In case of multiple good candidates,pick the one that is most compatible with the company or school or whichever candidate scores best on additional testing. I don't care what $somegroup tend to be good at or bad at. I am not hiring a group,I am hiring an individual. If a person,irrespective of gender, can test better than other candidates,they should get a job. I assure you fully,I do not speak as a member of some "priviledged group", quite the contrary. However, I despise artificial equality. The argument of the emancipation and civil rights movement both were founded on the fact that all people are created equal. It means people should not be artificially stopped from participating in public activities and opportunities because they are somehow thought of as "naturally inferior". Test everyone equally (their merit for the opportunity and character as individuals) and do not artificially add or deduct points based on their membership to some group. If you treat,(for example) a woman in a special way - only because of her gender, you are being a sexist. The end does not justify the means,it does not matter if in the end that woman is better off(in your opinion). You are still being a sexist. The focus shouldn't be on measuring a certain group's representation at a company or school. The focus should be in enforcing strict meritocracy and auditing for any controls that might inhibit any individual from succeeding or progressing because of their membership to a group. Lastly,for downvotes' sake - a person's political affiliation or social views are frequently used to artificially " keep out" individuals out of silicon valley companies. In my opinion that is unjust and should be corrected. For example, a software engineer's political views,national origin,ethnicity,gender,what sports team he likes or if he voted for $politician is irrelevant to being a good software engineer. If he or she demonstrates their superior technical ability and ability to get along with your team,hire them. Look back at history and see how much evil could have been avoided if people did what was right-but-inconvenient. Nothing good ever comes out of injustice. You're asking the very same questions that troubled me. If people belonging to a certain group are not doing well,why do you take a group based approach instead of asking why individual applicants and employees are not doing well? I get why you are trying to find cause to explain your correlation and I understand adjusting whatever barrier tests and controls there are that are found to be unfair or discriminatory. What I am saying is,adjust the tests for everyone,not for specific groups. At the end of the day,whether I get the job or school acceptance or get rejected,I want my test to be the same as everyone else. Jim crow era voting tax is a good example,the test was unfair and discriminatory in nature so they got rid of the test(tax). Imagine if instead they made it so that black people were exempt but everyone else had to pay the tax. That is what I am against. An unfair test should be removed because it is unfair. It should not be augmented so that the intended victims of the unfair test are exempt from the test or get special considerations. If a job requirement test can unfairly be abused to discriminate against a candidate,then get rid of the requirement. Good example - "Must be an excellent oral and written communicator" - this is too vague and too subjective. How about laying out the specific communication requirements of the task and testing all candidates based on their use of slang words,verbage,vocabullary,etc.. ? Yes,people do discriminate. The system,tests and controls are what need adjustment - and this adjustment should be across the board,so that individuals face the same tests and controls.a As opposed to adjustments that affect only the intended victim. Average people don't know about this. Even if they did,they don't understand the implications. This is truly concerning,as in I have serious doubts about this society's short term survival. I don't mean as in democracy or cultural survival but wars,civil unrest and all the other nasty horrors humans cause on each other. It seems only a matter of time until those things happen,except this time the masses are controlled and their behavior analyzed and influenced ever so more efficiently. The west hasn't seen the type of surveillance that goes on under terrible regimes,where they use your friends and family to monitor you,and when you fall out of line you get "disappeared". I think people here in the west just assume that type of stuff only happens in north korea and other 3rd world countries. Maybe Germans who lived in east Germany can relate. Anyways, the common man's ability to stop tyranny or even help victims of tyranny goes away when the common man can't hide his views,inclinations,associations and activities even if he/she wanted to. Think of all the great wars,movements and struggles in history and all the heroic acts that shaped the present. Could any of them succed if everyone was using facebook and google and the "bad side" controlled these companies? I can't decide whether it is overconfidence in democracy and western governments or reckless ignorance of history that has made the existence of these companies in their current form tolerable. I think we're nearing(or have passed) the "point of no return". Maybe we are living in one of those "prelude" years before an era of unthinkable chaos and worlds turning upside down begins. The risks,potential casualties and how much it would take for peace to return all seem exponentially higher. I think some sober thinking is needed. Facebook,google,amazon and friends can all operate well(even better) while eliminating most of their capacity they have to monitor user activity and without mining and analyzying user behavior. Really,they have the money and the technology exists to allow that to happen. What lacks is the will. I disagree with your solution. Less guns and more discipline at a young age would go a long way. Why should a kid take your lecturing and conflict resolution seriously if he/she hasn't been raised knowing their actions will lead to very real and immediate consequences. The prison and juvenile detention systems encourage criminality not correction. Maybe the needed education is for parents. Social shaming of abandoning your child raising spouse might help too. I'm just saying,it's always best to address the disease instead of the symptom and that at the foundation of a child's life. Just my humble opinion. This really makes you ask 'What on earth am I doing with my life?'. The article is well said ,they want you to be too scared to leave,much like a well cared for house slave would. They even trick you into believing "benefits" are a valid form of compensation. That being said,not all corps are like that. Some take in people like me with no college education(hah!) And give us opportunities to prove ourselves. I think the old saying "hurting people hurt people" applies. Maybe goes beyond parents ,as in "it takes a village to raise a child". I wonder if you have had good role models that you turned out well? As far as gun laws,even in boston the US constitution applies so people get guns. Look at japan,their gun laws are so strict,their gangs(yakuza) very rarely keep guns. Sometimes cop's don't even bother to bring guns when raiding gangs! Gun laws work,so long as it isn't half baked with all sorts of exceptions and short prison times. " No guns for all civilians" with a "7-15 year prison term upon violation" is what I meany by gun laws. Anyways,I hope you prove me wrong and do great by the kids in your city. Stagefright is one,so is the broadcom SoC exploits project zero published Would love to answer,however not in a public forum like this. I can say that I paid my dues and had people take a chance on me. You took quite a twist there. Suice rates and the way men die has much more to do with social expectations and culture than genetics.you need to at least have a theory on how genetics explains your correlation (other than saying "how else can you explain it") The truth is , some jobs like becoming a CEO require a lot of social networking and socializing. Historically women were not allowed to hold those positions,so when attempting to climb the corporate ladder, existing men CEOs and other C-suite execs either find it hard or don't want to build that trust and mentoring relationship with women candidates. Unlike with a man,there are plenty of issues with a man in power expecting a woman under him to spend private time off work ,after hours,etc... Back to my point,for women to get a fair shot at being a CEO,they don't need a special exception or favors,the existing system and expectations need to be eliminated (for men and women). > "Instead, we need to address why there are so few women in leadership positions, why they tend to leave the workforce earlier" The fact that there are less women in itself is not a problem. Unfair requirements and tests? Sure,those are a problem. Having less women as CEOs by itself is as much of a problem as is having less men as nurses or not having any women navy seals (they tried hard to get a woman to become a seal) Has a woman reported a barrier or an obstacle to becoming a CEO? Then let's fix that. But uncomfortable statistics is not a problem. I may not know for sure but until I can explain the cause behind the statistics,I must simply admit that I don't know the cause. For all I know,most women might simply not care much for a C suite job(or not). But like I said, "socializing" barriers might be the problem ,although I can't prove it. > "The candidates the Army is hoping to attract should have at least a bachelor’s degree" Right.... 5 guys with a degree that already work in infosec jumping into that program? Interesting if it actually works. Why the US government does not look past a degree in lieu of experience I might never find out. I have a different theory, most cultures tell a kid that has mental issues or is unattractive that he's "smart" even if that isn't the case.because, after all,even with a good body and looks you can only go so far and if your social and emotional intelligence is low that only leaves academic intelligence. So,my theory is that people prone to developing mental disorders tend to also get encouragement from their parents and community to seek academic intellectual success. I believe 80%(guesstimate) of "IQ" is a result of the individual working out their brain. Sorry,should have said "most cultures that I have been exposed to." I was only speaking from the few cultures I have observed. Although in some cultures I have seen,academic success and getting certain types of jobs is heavily encouraged by most parents and communities. I have also seen at least some US cultures that encourage extreme athleticism (sports scholarships and all) So, the whole thing with systemd is not that "it's bad" but that "I don't like it and I am stuck with it". Moreover, it leaves those of us who don't like it disenfranchised by distros that insist on using only systemd Opensource is about alternatives. Forks are a good thing,I wish devuan great success so people like myself won't have to whine about systemd all the time. If you like systemd and it's philosophy,I wish you the best of luck with it. Just keep in mind that others don't have to like it and different people or organizations have different needs. If a mail client does not support dmarc,or happens to move reject policy emails to junk (as opposed to not delivering at all). And the user loses all their money to a phishing campaign,would cloudflare be held responsible? I get the intent but in these situations,no solution is better than a half-cooked solution. If I happened to be a victim in my hypothetical scenario above,sure I would get pissed at my (web)mail client,but also at cloudflare for not terminating the phisher's service when they were so sure of the malicious content hosted they went as far as sabotaging dmarc records. From a more practical point of view,most phishing campaings like to use compromised websites or email accounts to send the email. Now the email itself will typically have a link to some nasty site or an attachment that eventually ends up "dropping" a second stage malware from some other nasty site. So, if these nasty sites sit behind Cloudflare,how does it make sense to not hold Cloudlfare responsible? Historically,their defense was "we are just the network transport provider". But what now? They can sabotage dmarc records but not A records? Their legal team must either be sleeping on the job or so good that an obvious liability like this isn't seen as a business risk. Correct me if I am wrong wouldn't this position Cloudflare as a "Publisher" of the content? Forget about holding it liable for censoring content(email via dmarc p=reject;),but as a publisher is it not liable for the nature of the content it publishes? I understand that you can't hold Cloudflare liable just because it's customers hosted illegal or damaging content. But isn't a "publisher" liable for content take-down after an abuse notice? If they can't be sued under civil law,can't they be prosecuted under criminal law? https://en.m.wikipedia.org/wiki/Aiding_and_abetting Section two title 18: > (b) Whoever willfully causes an act to be done which if directly performed by him or another would be an offense against the United States, is punishable as a principal. This looks nice. I wonder why they decided on security comparable to RSA 2048? It won't be useful in practical application for a few more years anyways. For sure attacks on a Post-quantum signature schemes would be different in every way than RSA,but if that comparison is meant to compare how long a full key space search would take utilizing existing computational limits,then wouldn't that security be a wee bit on the weak side by the time this gets mainstream acceptance? I would certainly not accept RSA-2048 signatures 5 years from now any more than I would RSA-1024 now. This makes me think,why not use trained humans to come up with challenges that can't be solved easily or efficiently with training data. As an example, a team of 2,000 humans can come up with about 10,000 challenges an hour to be solved by 1,000,000 visitors an hour. The key being humans trained to generate questions and challenges that they themselves wouldn not have to solve as part of any regular activity or event. The labor cost can obviously be outsourced(or not) and it makes sense to charge as a service to sites. However,this makes me ask one more question - what if popularity in ML creates meanial jobs for humans similar to my theoretical solution? Everyone looks at the benefits of ML,but all good technologies get abused and it's hard to imagine even more ML countering abused ML. Vendors have to go through FCC certification before shipping consumer electronics. If the FCC adds security audit to this,maybe so much of these silly insecurities could be solved before leaving the factory(to avoid wastes FCC certification fees). In reality politics isn't so simple,but politicians these days keep having hearing after hearing and declaration after another on improving "cyber" security. Is my desire here really hopeless? EDIT: FCC rule I was referencing: https://en.m.wikipedia.org/wiki/Title_47_CFR_Part_15 Not like they were wrong about TV or video games. Unpopular view for sure. Here is the dragos write up on this (pdf): https://dragos.com/blog/trisis/TRISIS-01.pdf And mirai was the russians! (Sarcasm,it's not). I'm not saying it's not NK,just that there are plenty of well funded large scale advanced blackhat organizations (e.g. - Dridex). It's also known that NK has foreign offices in China and elsewhere. Russians recruit hackers for their APT work and in exchange let the hackers do whatever they want,why not NK hackers? If you were a NK hacker in china,wouldn't it cross your mind to weaponize a treasure trove of NSA tools into a profitable ransomware? Code similarities with lazarus group tools can be explained by this and other similar plausible theories. NK is low on cash so it could have been a pyongyang directive. But the whole operation lacks a lot of the operational and organizational details a typical APT operation would exhibit. A kill switch but no whitelist to avoid annoying allies. when kill switch was discovered I would expect a nation state operation to quickly adopt. Nation states love hoarding strategic compromises (typically websites,botnets,etc...) As far as I know,no pre-existing botnet or compromised sites took part in catalyzing the worm. Again,not saying it's not NK,I'm just saying a few too many things seem off, I take this attribution with a few grains of salt. It's not a question of being "elite" although based on known intel I think they are, But a question of organization and resources government backed teams exhibit. Even a team of noobs if backed by a government can at least rent botnets and have backup plans to adopt to quickly. My opinion isn't that remarkable and quite cheesy, but, I seriously think not using windows and enabling two factor authentication wherever possible is the best defense against APT attacks. They are not "a room full of genius hackers" most of their attacks I have read about use phishing attacks that can be stopped by two factor auth (credential stealing) and not using powershell,MS office,windows script host and other dependable and reliable tools that come with windows. It's not that windows is so insecure but that it is so uniform and easy to prepare an attack for. Try finding a way to have a user download and execute a malicious executable in Linux or a script (much like Office macros) - in my experience it is very unreliable and difficult. You have to resort to 0 days or hope the machine isn't well updated. Please correct me if I am wrong,I only speak from a limited experience. I get how difficult replacing windows can be in BigCorp and large organizations,but for small orgs like think thanks that are of high risk to APT attacks,I believe the risk associated with windows and single factor auth far exceeds the cost of a linux only network with 2fa and dedicated security staff. One thing people often forget when talking about petroleum is plastics and many other uses that have nothing to do with converting petrol into energy. Is there a raw material that can be used to substitute for petrol to make plastics or is there an alternate to plastics for mass production and other uses? There was similar story about google redacting results critical of hillary clinton. Hard to believe this isn't abuse of power. Hmm, maybe they were being sarcasting with their slogan "don't be evil". > As free LKRG becomes somewhat popular and maybe a target of some exploits, we might introduce paid LKRG Pro as a means to fund the project and provide further diversity (with Pro's smaller userbase being beneficial), extra and specialized functionality (e.g., detection of container escapes), and maybe distro-specific binary builds. Hmm,this is what went wrong with grsec. Love the idea though. Why not charge for commercial support and keep all features free? Tangentially, this feels a lot like Microsoft's KPP https://en.m.wikipedia.org/wiki/Kernel_Patch_Protection As a user I don't want you to know that information. I wish there was a way to click on links with the referer field removed entirely from the request(maybe via context menu) Interesting,I have been asking myself something completely opposite to your question. Why is there so little of security news on HN. I mean,I have nothing against using the word "hacker" to mean "someone who finds new and creative programming/CS solutions". But I find the obvious meaning of "someone who works for or against computer security" hard to avoid. There is so much security news going around daily that I have to personally keep up with. I see little to none of that content on HN. But I do quite often find useful programming and crypto articles,questions and discussions on here. Why does it need to support u2f? Would be nice if it did but from a security point of view,it does support two factor authentication(TOTP). If you're concerned about the authenticator app being compromised then a dedicated phone or hardware token device can be configured. As I said,u2f has better security but at least financially speaking,time based OTP has a lower barrier of entry while being superior in it's security to most non-u2f alternates (phone call,sms,etc...). I don't think lack of u2f alone disqualifies it from being considered as having top tier authentication. The author makes good points but forgets to key considerations: 1) Reputation. A well known,well reputed provider (Fsecure or protonvpn for example) for most users would not be less trustworthy than their ISP. ISPs can easily get away with injecting malware into your http traffic or selling your data. A security company or VPN provider based in a jurisdiction with strict privacy laws and with well known business owners however has a lot more to lose and a lot less legal fighting power. 2) Threat model - you are already trusting someone (ISP) with not only monitoring your traffic but manipulating it. That should already be part of your threat model.when comparing a vpn provider with your ISP, which potential attacker poses a greater risk? For many users,sadly,it is their ISP. Last note,most vpn users just want to bypass IP restrictions,they don't care all that much about privacy(although that seems to be changing) So.. At this point it's no secret that hostile nation state actors run a large number(majority) of Tor relays and exits and target users using their favorite 0 day of the month in addition to revealing their real IP. Is it wise or even safe to use Tor at this point? The Tor network was not designed to be resistant to the current and very active global adversaries. I say this because of all the comments I am reading about supporting Tor and having an onion service. If you are someone who still thinks Tor is safe,can you explain to me what threat model would make it a relevant solution? No matter how I look at it all the threat actors Tor might help against can either deanonymize you or they are so resource bound,using a reputable VPN will thwart them just as well (with the reduced risk of a hostile 'exit') At this point,I think recommending Tor might actually be dangerous. Looking Forward to the Orchid project to go live. Certainly. As you said,a hostile nation state targeting a nobody (like myself) would gain no new information by the fact that it knows I used Tor to access nytimes. Unfortunately, intelligence community and law enforcement agencies do not presume innocence. They would presume that you're a "bad guy" who is "trying to hide". What harmless sites you visit is of little importance to them. You're a likely threat,essentially, a Tor user is an active target for proactive LE and Intelligence gathering operations. This isn't parnoia,the snowden leaks which dated around 2008 show the NSA targeting visitors of sites like linux.com (xkeyscore). When hunting for "threat" you look for the people trying to hide. For example,they love it when people use PGP encrypted emails,their sensors pick up on that and they correlate metadata gathered from that communication for further intel gathering and offensive targeting (PGP does not encrypt email metadata) So,using Tor with a nation state actor or LE agency incorporated into your threat model would be very bad in my opinion,even if all you do is visit nytimes over https via hidden service with noscript. Performance isn't strictly bottlenecked by crypto operations. Latency is a huge problem with VPNs. This means you want packet-per-second(pps) performance to be optimal as well as full duplex packet processing. Multi threaded means payload that has already been through a crypto operation wouldn't need to block further crypto ops or wait for other crypto ops to be processed further (just one obvious example of a performance advantage). Also - plenty of people don't even use AES,even for those that do AES-NI offloads the actual AES operation,not things like CBC,GCM and CTR. sigh they say it is in the eye of the beholder. Look at Ada,some find it terrible yet to some an under appreciated marvel With PKI,a good protocol isn't the problem but rather making the cost of infrastructure keep-up worthwhile. Anyways, non-pki protocols are in the works. This is one I personally have grown fond of: https://github.com/DeDiS/cothority I've heard of blockchain based ideas as well but I'll leave that to your google-fu I'm in the same boat as you so pardon me for not giving a sugar-coated response(since I am simultaneously criticizing myself). Rude? What was your motive for behaving a certain way? If that motive did not include arrogance,selfishness,hatred or apathy then I don't think you were being rude at all. This doesn't change the fact that you are being perceived as rude. People simply cannot tell your motive without getting to know you on a personal level beforehand. I agonize endlessly over maybe having done something that will be misunderstood as rudness or unkindness. Coward? This is a though one to admit. I hate and despise it but it is a truth I had to face. Even if your personality is an introvert,you should be able to forcibly tolerate discomforting situations. Avoiding them is acting out of fear (of awkward situations,discomfort,etc..). It is a personality fault. I have been trying to self-reflect and find the root cause of this behavior. I was much more tolerant towards it when I was younger but I am now starting to see all the things I missed out on (personally and professionally) as a result of introvertism and social anxieties. I hope you find an answer that helps. The "social contracts" in european nations reflect those societies as does lack of one in the US. The author for some reaso correlates the opiod crisis even though he admits there has never been such a "social contract" in the history of the U.S. Moreover,he lumps "strongmen" with "self-help" and religion with no obvious relation other than people "turn" to them. And generalizes by saying being "joel osteen enough" is what conservatives mean when speaking of family values. This is how democracy works,americans simply don't have the same beliefs and world views as swedes or portugese. No strings attached housing for homeless people is cheaper than leaving them on the streets. Treating drugs as a disease instead of a crime is cheaper. Earlier retirement of elders allows younger workers with more relevant skills to join the work force. A more humane prison system would result in less prisoners (cheaper). So,are americans simply unaware of this? Nope. "Americans" are a diverse group of people with a diverse set of social divisions and conflicts. They simply don't think "free housing" or most anything "free" is a good idea even if free is cheaper than what we have now. Why should a criminal get treated better? Why can't homeless peoole get a low paying job just like immigrants? Etc.... That's how americans see these issues. The homeless,poor,under privledged are "them" in the eyes of the american popular majority. In western europe,those people are "us" or "our people". America spends 20% of it's gdp on the military. Yet spend a bit more to solve these societal issues and all the powerful (typically older) people would say "not with my tax money". That being said,why is everyone so pessimistic? We know these problems. It might take a decade or more for the demographics to shift enough to where we can fix these issues but why panic? Essentially, America needs to be united. Neither the leaders nor the population seem to have a strong interest in being united,this by itself is the equivalent of having a terminal brain tumor! > “It’s a big myth that there are thousands of [signatures] for any particular groups,” he notes. “These [TerritorialDispute] guys really focus on finding the two or three telltale signs that could lock you in [on an APT].” I have a hard time accepting that. Sure,if it was a financially motivated actor or common malware a few "high quality" indicators are all you need. But APT actors know they are being tracked by their adversary using these same indicators. It isn't difficult or costly for them to avoid reuse of infrastructure and tooling. The few attribtions I looked at in detail require a more speculative and somewhat imprecise correlation by humans as opposed to clear and static indicators. Please correct my ignorance if I am wrong. EDIT: Security companies do use "thousands" of signatures and indicators to find events that might possibly be associates with an APT group. Why is the NSA special? That's what I can't accept. As good as the NSA is,multi billion dollar security companies are not far behind (I would say some are even ahead when it comes to defensive security) > Empirically, it appears that hackers are simply people. These groups seem to have maybe just one or a handful of talented individuals at their core, and they all have habits they like to return to. Sure,that's why Indicators of compromise exist to begin with. What I don't get is this notion of a "high quality" indicator. You would normally match on all indicators you have. I mean,why match with a dozen indicators knowing full well the attacker might reuse any one of the hundreds of indicators that exist? All the big name security companies match against all known indicators for a group. What practical benefit is there to limiting yourself to a few indicators,even if they are top notch indicators? Palantir basically does "splunk" except with a UI normal people can use. Honestly, I think ingesting your data into splunk and creating in house splunk apps is a superior solution. What palantir has is "connections" with the intelligence and law enforcement communities. They basically brought "big data" to cops and spooks(and now the military too I guess). They don't do much that isn't done already by other private sector/silicon valley companies Neat,didn't know that. Thanks. Doea anyone know if there have been any attempts to see if this effect can be used to detect anomalous log events that get drowned out by all the noisy logs? Why not have the insecure or interceptable protocols as optional protocol extensions and make everyone happy? Much like with fips and how you can build openssl and other tls libs with fips mode on or off. TLS 1.3 client libraries could then optionally support interceptable key exchange depending on who is using them. An individual can use normal OS and distro that exclude the insecure features while banks and military facilities might turn it on. Alternatively,why the "one size fits all" approach? Why not have a "TLS-commercial". Obviously the "one size fits all" requires a comptomise by all parties resulting in a collective reduction of security. The current global food supply from what I have heard is more than enough to support much more than the current population of the planet. The resistance to labeling gmo foods is essentially using the poor and working class as guinea pigs. GMO will be cheaper,this means they can overprice natural foods. Poor peoplle will consume GMO while the affluent consume natural and organic foods. A similar tend can be observed on how whole foods is mostly found in well-to-do neighborhoods and walmart is found in poor neighborhoods. Natural foods can be grown at a rate that sustains the planets population for a very long time to come. I firmly believe this is about profit margins. At leat let the people that will be affected by it the most have a say. When you fix symptoms you create more sickness. When you fix the disease, only then will you solve the problem. This is why you shouldn't do VPN (or Tor) on end devices. A network device routing your traffic should do that. Interesting but what should be of greater concern is how this collected data can be used and the fact that you can't have them delete it. It frustrates me when even very smart techies get caught up on data collection when we know advances in ML and behavioral psychology have made it so that these companies and governments can do some scary and downright disturbing things. For example: Sure, I don't like it when google plots on a map every place I travel to via location history. But of greater concern would be collection of gyroscope and other sensor data from my phone. Does know how I walk,handle my phone and what other devices are usually near me? Can they use this and other seemingly innocuous data over time to recognize or infer behavioral patterns about me? Is any of the content I consume being filtered or customized based on this collected data? Can FB for example induce depression and cause n% of people to commit suicide? Can this data be used to manipulate employees to staying at or leaving a company,or applying for or declining a position? This is what concens me greatly,not whether or not google has a naked picture of me or if someone at FB has knowledge of my phone or text conversations. Sadly the public is completely clueless as to what is at stake -- it isn't just privacy. Advanced Persistent Threat (APT aka Nation state) actors are tracked using known indicators of compromise. These indicators can include infrastructure identifiers such as domain names and ip addresses that maybe used in a phishing url or post-compromise for command-and-control or to download other malware. Other indicators can include malware sample hashes or actor-specific detection rules (Example: YARA,Snort or Netwitness rules). These indicators are typically not public. Some can be accessed if you pay the right sum of money and undergo vetting,still,some are kept private within the relevat security firms or organizations. As you can imagine,Google has their hands in many pies including security research and threat intelligence collection(Everyone loves their VirusTotal intelligence product). They can scan email metadata for any of these indicators as they see fit. Generally speaking,some indicators are of such high quality, they can be used to detect well crafted spear phishing by a nation state actor. But most are good only to detect untargeted attacks or targeted attacks that include a large number of targets. Hope that answered your question. The indicators I mentioned are associated with a nation state actor because the attacks in which they were identified were attributed to a nation state. In other words,the selective targeting and sophistication match the interests of a nation state. Geo-political intelligence analysts and sometimes field officers (aka spies) also play a role. For example,if a specific journalist was attacked while working on an article critical of a specific country and at least one indicator was traced to an a real human associated with that country's spy agency the a confident attribution can be made. The term "nation state" does sound a bit fancy but it is different from "country" in that many nation states do not act on behalf of their people or to protect the interests of their conuntry. If you use "country" that would include the people of the country while "nation state" simply means the organization running the country. Plus you have situations like taiwan,hong kong and chechnya where those nations are effectively their own nation state but they are under the control of a different country. Here is a good reference attribution of APT3 (Chinese Ministry of State Security (MSS)): https://threatpost.com/apt3-linked-to-chinese-ministry-of-st... In some countries in europe (e.g.: Germany) they are pretty strict against maintaining logs that associate employee web traffic with the employee. Plus,GDPR will introduce some concerns like you mentioned. For that law you referenced,I am not sure it would apply for a network provider as it would for a site-owner (e.g.: VPN or CDN provider vs a website) Was hoping python's inability to guarantee secure erasure of secret data would be addressed in the faq. That's alwayd my number one concern towards a pure python solution. Is this safe against side-channel and secret leak attacks? > To access Deep Web, we need a separate web browser. Normal web browsers like Chrome, Firefox, Safari etc won’t work. > We need to use Tor Browser to access the Deep Web. Ok...seriously?? I don't even know where to start with this post. You can use any browser to access Tor. Deep,Dark and surface web sound cool but they are not official terms any significant groups of people agreed upon. Using "Dark web" to generalize Tor,I2P and freenet does not seem like a very smart thing to do. The way the networks operate and the typical content you find on them are significantly different. I think the old way of saying "clear net" to refer to public web and using the specific anonymous network's name to refer content on there is ideal. You're not the only one. Many other people also vastly underestimate the societal and privacy implications of user targeting and behavioral analytics. My position on this is simple, let it be opt-in. Something as simple as a HTTP request header(DNT for example) should by default tell advertisers they shouldn't perform any sort of user targeting. For individuals such as yourself,you could simply turn off that feature in your browser and start seeing targeted content. Why should the technically illiterate masses be targeted and tracked by default? Why not allow it only for those who accept the privacy and behavioral modification implications? You target the content and location and not the user. That is how advertising had worked throughout history,for example with TV,news papers and magazines. Hope. That is the single most effective solution. Working out,dieting and spending regular scheduled time on yourself helps as well. but in essence depression is one way to say "the mind is starving from lack of hope" Find out the things,people and concerns that matter the most to you and find hope. With or without reason,find hope. No matter what other solution you might use, if your hope problem is not fixed then you're probably only fixing symptoms. Simple solutions are always better. Solutions to individual problems should not significantly increase the overall count or complexity of problems the user is facing. Python would be a better solution than any spreadsheet if one only looks at the specific problem. Of course the learning curve,support cost and pool of workers and colleagues that have mastered python does not make it an attractive solution. Still, writing an app to replace spreadsheets can be profitable depending on the specific problems and needs of each user. If someone sold my body in part or whole then they are selling me. For most people,their intimate private lives and the essence of who they are is just as important as their body. So, if facebook collectes such intimate detail about a person and not only made it known to third parties but used that information to manipulate the person,then I would it is that person who is being traded. Who can I claim to be without my private life,secret thoughts,desires and my identity itself? Even 19th century american slaves had some private life and kept information about themselves secret from the slave masters (of course I am not comparing their hardship,but the small privacy they had) and they were literally sold at markets. The grand trick of the modern economy is that they have consumer behavioral psychology figured out: convince them they made the choice all on their own and take away as much of their intangible freedoms and possesions as you can -- "if you can't touch it, it isn't real"