Because on LinkedIn everyone is sucking up to prospective employers. That's the one and only reason it exists. Because of this everyone uses their real identity. And because of that it's also the most boring and fake social media platform around. Exactly. Look for China as an example where this is already happening today. They probably do but I guess many people have their profiles set to "Friends only". And on Twitter people don't usually use their real name. You can't use rainbow tables for WPA because the SSID is included in the hash. So the same password will result in a different key for different networks. Wow that's totally what I have too. I didn't think there was a name for it. I mean the delayed phase sleep disorder. Will talk to the doc about it. This is exactly what I fear: everyone outsourcing their filtering to a handful of big companies. These companies will then have the definitive say on what is posted online and what isn't. The Chinese will be jealous of our new censorship machine. They weren't effective. The same has already been implemented through a loophole with Canada (CETA) so US companies can already force their lower standards on us through their Canadian subsidiaries. Simple distraction and switch and playing into the mindset that Canada has somehow ties with Europe and is therefore 'good'. It's amazing how they get away with these things. Not really :) Consider a VT100. It could only go up to 19200 baud, and couldn't actually handle constant streams at that speed . However I do agree with the general message of the article. Current UX is a mess, websites are overblown by tons of javascript. There's no reason there should be loading spinners in this day and age with the power we have at our fingertips. Yes there was that but it also just couldn't handle the full speed continuously. It depended a lot what kind of commands were sent. Full text was fairly OK but drawing commands took a while as far as I remember. In any case, flow control was a must-have in those days. Either CTS/RTS or at least XON/XOFF I used them for my private VPSes but they became too big and business-like. I moved to Scaleway now, it's still in a much earlier stage, cheaper and with unlimited bandwidth. I like the way you can still talk directly to their guys on slack to ask questions. However they're becoming big too. I hope they'll still love us and I don't have to move again soon :) Wow... They can now move icons around. Seriously, if this is nowhere near the usability of Ubuntu Touch, which was abandoned because it didn't have a chance, how can this succeed? The first iPhone in 2007 could do this. Don't get me wrong, I would love to see a truly open Linux-based smartphone OS happen without the involvement of big business. I just don't think it's going to happen. If anyone has a shot it's sailfish and even that was too barebones to use last time I tried it (about 3 months ago), even with the Android compatibility layer. I actually like Reddit for this. Not being locked in the same circle with the same baby pictures etc. Of course it depends a lot which subreddits you use. Some are toxic. The more technically oriented ones are fine in my experience. I wonder if people will ever quit Facebook.. I mean after all the stuff that's happened and they still haven't. We had a discussion about this recently in my Spanish class. Someone asked me for my facebook and when I said I closed it long ago they were all like "eeewww privacy freak". So I explained my reasons, the abuse of personal data, the manipulation of the masses (Cambridge Analytica) and the others immediately sprang to life saying how horrible it all is. And turned out to have good knowledge of the facts. But yeah, it's so easy to stay in touch with friends.. Well yes I know, as an expat it's not easy without it. Still, their initial "ewww" reaction really surprises me considering their apprehension at Facebook's practices. Yeah annoying but you can click through to the site at the bottom without having to sign up ("Move on to site"). Well, Mozilla is in a hard place. They're already losing browser marketshare, and they don't want to annoy people by breaking stuff. A lot of these people use Google and Facebook services and don't understand when these sites get broken. That'll give Firefox a bad name and hurt its marketshare even more. uBlock origin is a third-party project they don't control so I can't blame them for not including it. I agree about the analytics and telemetry though. Smaller codebase means less chance of bugs. But I agree, it should really be audited properly before this statement can be made. Wow, 10k$/month is a lot more than a 'sustainable full-time job' would pay :) At least here in Europe. But of course what he's getting now ($1212) is nowhere near that. Ok I didn't know that. I heard IT wages in the US were good but I didn't think they were that good. Here in Spain you're doing well with $2200 and that's a senior position at a big multinational. Those greenhouses are the size of many football fields.. Putting tarps over them is a job that will take many days :) But yeah shutters or something smarter (like two-state glass) should work IMO. I think you even get glass that can switch to mirror mode. From the article: "From former schoolmates who now work in the medical profession, I learned that medical workers were not given medical supplies and were exposed to a risk of death. Many people wonder: Why didn't they go on strike? It is because they were informed that if they went on strike, their licenses to practice medicine would be revoked and their family members' jobs would be affected." I'm sure that this kind of thing will not happen in Germany and UK. It's not really the handling of the virus situation, it's his realisation that he's living in a totalitarian state that he's writing about. Oh that's a blast from the past. I used to use this all the time for testing international calls. "Welcome to Moviefone, brought to you by the new york times!" Thanks for making this! :D It would be, but how do you go through the whole install every time you need it? It's like the Ozone layer and acid rain. Climate sceptics often use these as an excuse. "Yes but there was sooo much hubbub about those and it proved to be nothing". Well, yes it is nothing now because it was decisively and effectively handled. The ozone layer is still recovering but on a steady path there, and acid rain is reduced to the point of not really being an issue anymore (at least in the western world!). Stuff really would have gone wrong with Y2K. Maybe not armageddon but yes. There was a problem. Who wrote that article? It reads like Chinese that was put through a bad version of google translate. I mean really who uses 'cum' in an official article (even though it's not in an NSFW context and technically used correctly). It's a word that has fallen into disuse because its 'other' use has taken over its association entirely :) You won't find this in a serious publication. And this "Distance reconnaissance: 400 km with 20 m wrong; Number of goals can stick to 200 targets simultaneously." Whatever it is, this ain't English. Oh dear.... Never heard of this but I'm glad the cold war is over. "Alright chaps, let's bury some 10 kiloton nuclear mines in Germany in case the Russians come.", From wikipedia: "deny occupation of the area to an enemy for an appreciable time due to contamination" "It was judged that the risks posed by the nuclear fallout and the political aspects of preparing for destruction and contamination of allied territory were too high to justify. " Ummmmmm yeah WOULD YOU THINK??? "One particularly remarkable proposal suggested that live chickens be included in the mechanism. The chickens would be sealed inside the casing, with a supply of food and water; they would remain alive for a week or so. Their body heat would, it seems, have been sufficient to keep the mine's components at a working temperature." Ok...... Now I'm really wondering if the Soviets were the crazy ones. I really haven't seen it in that context for the last 15 years or so :) Maybe it's just me :) But really the whole article reeks of Engrish, it's not just that. Just wondering, I use a CPAP machine... If I were to get this, could I use that to keep going at home? (Perhaps with a higher setting). It sounds like the same thing. CPAP masks do leak air but contamination doesn't really matter as I live alone. Yeah I hate ZOOM sooo much. First there was the issue with them turning on the camera by default. At least you could turn that off. Then there was the spyware they installed on every Mac without even asking for consent. And now this... Since the spyware thing I refuse to install their crap on my machine, but one of our suppliers still uses it and the web client is very choppy.. But they'll just have to put up with it. I'm never installing it again. Yeah that's an issue with many 'modern' apps. MS Teams does the same :( I really preferred slack but now that MS throws Teams in for free we have to cope with that. I still use RSA mainly because Yubikey doesn't support them yet with OpenPGP keys.. I felt the increase in security usage was a worthy compromise to using RSA with a key length that's not yet broken. I think Fido2 mode does support it but I don't know whether I trust Fido2 fully for SSH.. Especially because it seems to still store a private key locally, which defeats the whole purpose of using a hardware key (I saw this here: https://developers.yubico.com/SSH/ ). The whole idea is to not have the private key anywhere but inside the token itself. It's also a bit early in development where RSA has proven itself. It has some known weaknesses (including high quantum computing vulnerability) but they're well understood. Ouch... Nasty stuff. I had no idea. Thanks for explaining all this in plain English because that paper is Chinese to me :) Nice, I like this!! It should be standard in Kali :) Azorian is not news though, even in 2017 it wasn't :) This is why something serverless is needed. Then there is nobody to sue. I feel you man. I live in Spain and we have been in this since the 12th of March. I live alone and it's horrible. It's a total nightmare. I'm not even sure what's the point of living anymore. The virus can't be that bad. I really miss walking in nature, there's mountains nearby and I always walked there to clear my head. Now the walls are coming at me. I really wish they would let us go out but with care (observing the 1,5m etc).. Like in other coutries with more sane politicians. This is extremely cruel. I'm sure it's very safe and all but this is killing me inside too. Literally if this lasts a few more months I will not be able to live with it. The first few weeks I spent time cleaning up and doing some online learning but the constant state of extreme anxiety makes this impossible now. I wish I could just go in a coma for a few months (or years, however long it takes). Yeah well at least you can go out to run. Here in Spain we're completely imprisoned :( It's a nightmare and really detrimental to our health (especially mental). I'm actually trying to work 24/7 as much as possible because it keeps the anxiety at bay a bit.. But there's 4 days off from tomorrow which is going to be the hardest yet. And the government just announced they want to extend it until at least the 10th of May. I'm already contemplating the point of life and the company scaling down our jobs is also not helping. The economy is a huge problem. And the lockdown is literally killing me mentally. I'd rather take a 1% chance of dying from the virus than a 25% chance of killing myself if this lasts a few months more. And I'm only 1 month in now. Well look how the countries with decent healthcare are fairing, like Germany. Not many deaths per infected people. And the nordic countries. Look how Spain, Italy and France are fucking up after spending year after year cutting funding to healthcare ever since the 2007 recession. So yes it is their failure too. Maybe not totally as nobody could have prepared for this, but governments have been seeing healthcare as an 'indivual's problem' rather than a 'community problem' for far too long. Yeah for me the worst is not knowing how long this is for. And the complete refusal to relax even a little bit. If I could just go out for a walk on my own... This would give me so much stability and would compromise nobody. There's mountains nearby where I can walk for hours without meeting anyone. But I need to walk a couple km through the city to get there and the chance of getting caught is too high. I don't really have any annoyances to be honest. Just complete anxiety :'( I'm not worried about the virus at all. The solitude is literally much more life-threatening for me. The lockdown is hitting where it really hurts because I have a strong tendency for depression. Yeah indeed, videoconferencing is super depressing. I completely stopped doing it (except for work), as it enforced my emptiness even more. You're right :'( The day the lockdown was announced I was gearing up for a big walk in the mountains but people were already getting scared and my friends advised me not to go.. Which I followed. I soo regret not going now. Make the most of it while you can! Well, I can't really blame the population for not taking it seriously. Even the Spanish government talked it down strongly. And to be fair, it could have fizzled out like SARS version 1 did in the early 2000's. This is SARS version 2 after all. True, I will probably switch to something like that. The problem with tor I don't like is that it's no longer the lighthouse of freedom it once was. It's too tainted by all the perverts and heavy criminals that abuse its power. The same happened with Freenet sadly and completely killed it for the mainstream public. This "slimy" feeling is slowly corroding tor as well. I can't help but feel it does need some kind of control, not identification of peers but some kind of banhammer. Also, the anonimity tor/tox provides is not really needed as I'll use it to communicate with people who know who I am anyway. Finally, tor isn't exactly serverless either. Governments could shut it down if they wanted to. But I think they rely on it too. I'm sure they run exit nodes to keep tabs on things and I'd imagine they use it for communication with their own spies. After all, it was invented by the US government itself for such reasons. Lexapro does pretty much nothing for me :( But I'm only on 10... If I could talk to my doctor I would definitely ask for more (though I hate the side effects) but it's impossible to get an appointment now :( Ok that is impressive... Very well done. And then to imagine I paid thousands for one back in the day (though my dad's work "PC at home" project). I could have just waited 35 years and spent 1 buck for the ESP8266 :) If you're interesting in building your own you can get a 12" one from waveshare: https://www.waveshare.com/product/displays/e-paper/12.48inch... This is the black/white one, they do a black/white/red one too. But beware, they take really long to refresh (the red color takes several refreshes to appear). And the one with red is on backorder till June. It can be powered by a raspberry pi (or ESP32 or Arduino) and is (much) cheaper than the ereader options of the same size: Only about $170. PS Beware: You can't simply start up a user interface like X-Windows on it. You have to write software to display on it. The display is addressed in 4 separate sections so it's not super easy. Stupid question but why is your username green and all the others' are black? :) Ahh that makes sense, thanks!! I thought it was more like "verified" or something. That will have.... unintended consequences. "Are you afraid of COVID-19 or are you just happy to see me?" :') But seriously, it can't be good to walk around with a boner all day every day. Could be intimidating for women too. And embarrassing for men. Maybe if it's effective to people already infected and in hospital anyway. But I couldn't see this socially feasible as a preventative drug. I never heard of this one.. But really cool. When I read it first I thought it was some Linux distro customised to run Wine, but it looks like they went the full way from scratch to cleanroom re-engineer Windows. Wow! Nice effort. I only use LinkedIn and when I do, I use it in a container so it can't spread its cookies. LinkedIn is pretty mild anyway in contrary to anything Facebook with their tracking pixels. And unfortunately you can't really do without LinkedIn if you want a job in IT. Yeah this is why I'm still against it. I know it can be run safely. But disposing of stuff that can be extremely dangerous for 20.000 years is not as easy. It already eats through the containers it's in and up to date storage facilities are meant to last 100 years at most. They're just storing it now "until we find a safe method for long term storage". Which is really worrying. Plutonium is a lot more dangerous than you let on. It's also extremely toxic. A few dust particles in the lungs are enough to kill a person over time. This is assuming that our level of technology keeps advancing. Given the level of political instability in our world I would take that far from granted. Yes, the Thunderbolt 1 to Ethernet adapter works with ESXi. I use it with my Mac Mini 2011 running ESXi. You can upgrade the memory on the 2018 mini, but yes that's it. Strange that the commit is from 2018 but it was only included in the patch level of February 5? At least Samsung is pretty good about updating patches. Not android versions, no, but at least I still get monthly patches. My S8 already has this one. It's a lot more than just 'looking silly'. The lockdown kills many jobs leading to people losing hope and triggering a recession worse than 2007's. That will have its death toll too. But this situation will also lead to deaths. I already hear the mental hospitals are overflowing. And really, if we would do everything possible to prevent deaths, we would have tackled traffic, alcohol, poverty, pollution etc. In some countries even poor healthcare overall (Trump is still fighting 'Obamacare'). It's not as black and white as this; the virus isn't the only problem in our society. Nice!!! What iOS really needs to make this useful though is a way to project to a proper screen and keyboard/mouse configuration. Like Samsung DeX. Kinda hoping this will happen as they are making the iPad Pros more like a computer. Socialising, not really... It's not as good for socialising than webcamming IMO. I tried some apps like VR chat and altspace but they're too clumsy, and the avatars are too disconnected from the chat taking place. The tech isn't there yet. We need eye tracking, full body tracking and facial expression recognition. It's great for feeling like being outside of the house (we're in full lockdown in Spain) but that's all. Didn't stop them from making Unicode an overcomplicated clusterfuck of combination codes though... Referring to things like this: https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Zero-width_joiner . It's become almost impossible to build an accurate parser now. You're so right... Unicode is making things too complex, and intruding on various formatting issues. Case in point: The skin tone modifiers. Or this stuff: https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Zero-width_joiner There doesn't exist any parser that does it 100% correct. And parsing it is becoming so complex that it's causing bugs and vulnerabilities (it's not a coincidence that so many remote exploits use some kind of unicode to trigger it). 100% agree! I hate snaps and Ubuntu is overdoing it too much now. I've moved to Alpine for servers and Arch for desktop now. Yep I couldn't imagine our Fortune 500 company ever allowing access without it. Microsoft did have a choice. They could simply have hidden the disable auto update (and telemetry for that matter!) somewhere deeper in the OS where non-techie users will never find it. Or even a registry key or whatever. Henry Ford was a total dick and not customer-focused at all. Personally I don't want FlatPak either except maybe for 1 or 2 apps where the sandboxing actually makes sense. It's still a waste of resources just to appease lazy maintainers. Ubuntu went totally overboard with their snaps, putting everything in it trying to force it to become a standard. But FlatPak is not great either even though it is an open standard. It's nice for the 1 or 2 niche apps that aren't available any other way, but for the most part I prefer normal packages. In your own company you're free to do what you want. I can understand the reason for this. Now that most suppliers treat their devices as 'black boxes' and call home to install updates whenever they want, the security team no longer has visibility nor control over this. So much stuff runs Linux which we don't manage but still has to have full access to our network. And public repositories have been compromised and spread malware in the past. So yeah I totally understand this, even though as an enterprise Admin it's a total PITA to manage the root CAs. It does yes, but it also prevents the user changing it (or it changes it right back if they can). But it is possible that the feature requires a domain join to actually work, or perhaps the Enterprise edition of Win10. I didn't look into it. It's annoying having to set up a whole windows domain just to disable this though :( True, LTSB/C is really really nice. It doesn't come with any of the crap/bloatware that MS package in the normal editions either. It's just clean and does its job. I love it. It's just really hard to get officially for consumers. They should sell it to everyone that wants it. And yeah, Ubuntu Desktop is kinda the "Windows Home Edition" of Linux though. Something like Arch, Debian or Alpine won't do this to you. When I want to learn something I usually do so by doing. I try to set a goal of something I want to achieve. Set up a system with Arch linux with full encryption and LVM was something I wanted to do this weekend. I hadn't used that for a few years. I really struggled getting UEFI to work and I could simply have reverted to MBR/BIOS but I really wanted to figure out why it didn't work. In the end I figured it out, and in addition I learned a whole lot about how UEFI worked on the way there. And LVM and LUKS as well as I screwed a few things up and managed to fix them without reinstalling :P I knew about all these, but not to the depth I do now. If I'd just ran through the Ubuntu installer I wouldn't have known this. Doing things the hard way is the best for learning. And more rewarding because you get exactly what you want. I find I pick things up super quickly (at least in the IT realm) so usually I don't do a deep dive until I run into issues. I do try to get a handle on the overall architecture though. So I set things up the right way, and then I figure out the nuts & bolts along the way. I'm not someone for crunching through textbooks. One thing I personally hate is tutorial videos, especially Youtube. I find them paced way too slow, whereas with text you can be super fast. So I never use video learning until I have to. I absolutely hate the stupid automated courses we have to do in work. Like office safety etc we have to repeat every year. They're really made for the lowest common denominator, which is apparently someone who can't understand more than 10 words per minute :( And when you're working on something, try to not use youtube, facebook etc. Don't go looking for distraction. Unless you're really banging your head on the wall on a problem, then it may help to do something else for a bit. And try not to ask others if you can't figure something out. If you figure it out yourself it's more rewarding and much more educational and memorable. It also avoids being "that guy" :) Tracking progress, I can't help with that. I often change my priorities as I go along, leaving stuff half-finished because I found something better or more interesting to do. So be it... I like not having a destination, and having a wide range of knowledge has helped me a lot in my job. What helps is that I live alone and technology is my job and my passion so I'm not struggling for time. I don't really care if I don't finish something if it turned out it wasn't really what I was looking for, or I found something else that was more interesting. I hate using "methodologies", I always think something that someone else invented can't be perfect for me. I like to make my own way. I do sometimes look at them and pick out bits I like. For this reason I also avoid doing certification trajectories. And also because I think they are too much "the world according to" Microsoft/Cisco/etc. I care about technology, not about one particular company's take on it. But anyway, don't take my advice for granted. Find out and then do what works for you. That's my #1 bit of advice. Everyone is different. I'm not very typical actually. I have very low discipline but yet I'm actually very effective (including in my job) because I have very deep interest and motivation. What helps me is just not worrying about the things I didn't finish. What's important to me is the journey, not the end result. Even a failed or unfinished project provided lessons along the way. I really agree with the comment of adamcharnock below who said it should be fun. Absolutely agree. If something is super boring then don't do it unless you absolutely need it for some reason like a better job (but really how much better is it if you're going to be doing something you don't like?) > Additionally, perhaps anecdotally, concepts that you learn have much better staying power in your memory when you have an actual need to learn them. Totally agree there!! A very important point to take away. But the data is fairly static isn't it? You're not constantly updating the blacklists? Well, why not? 60.000 isn't a huge amount for a modern computer. If they're known to contain ads/trackers you want to block, then why not include them? It might make sense though to do a periodic run through them to see if they still exist. That's called PR and spin. Having said that I know nothing of Palantir, today was the first time I heard of it. But I would never ever believe anything a CEO says in the media that can't be validated. Their very job is setting the company in a positive light above all else. Especially when it comes to vague terms about company ideals that can't be proven. And 10 years is an eternity in IT. Remember Google had their motto "Don't be evil". Look how that turned out. That's true... In a way I think this will actually hamper their efforts. After all: With the corona tracing apps, people are becoming much more aware that their data is used to trace them. A lot of people I know are talking about leaving their phones at home when they go out. Considering the carriers have had this data forever and are probably sharing it, this awareness is a good thing for privacy. It does now but it's possible it was bought before that time. Would the Go 2 run Linux OK? I had a Surface Pro 3 for a while and though I got Linux running on it, I never managed all the tablety stuff working properly. Rotation, Pen + Touch input (at the same time without randomly cutting out!!), auto keyboard popup on input fields with no keyboard connecting, the keyboard actually working after being removed and reconnected, etc etc... It was a great machine but Linux lacked support for this type of support in many ways. I wonder if this has improved as this was many years ago when the SP3 was just out. Probably true too though. One of the problems with MS' approach is trying to get a "one UI fits all" approach which just doesn't work, the usecases between tablet and desktop are too different. Even Apple hasn't made this mistake and they're all about simplicity and consistency. Yes, tablet mode on Win8 was good! The problem was ramming it down the throat of all the desktop users too. I still don't understand how such a big company can make such obviously bad decisions. Yes and it's not like they're going anywhere. Especially on the keyboard the cable is a non-issue IMO. I highly prefer wired keyboards. The only reason to have a wireless keyboard is liking the look of a total wire-free desk (which I don't care about). And with the mouse it's just a minor annoyance (empty batteries are a bigger one so I have that wired too). That's a bit difficult right now :) Seriously, since we have been in lockdown for 2 months my wrists are much more sensitive. I did use the powerball for a bit but I don't have the patience for brainless exercise. I love walking in nature. Oh, WiFi worked fine for me even then! Thanks for the feedback! I hadn't heard much about IPFS but the way this is built, with the immutability and hash keys etc, sounds very much like FreeNet. That's the first thing I thought of, and predates this by about 20 years. I remember when that promised to be the next big thing and save us from the commercialisation of the internet that was in full swing then. Unfortunately, that didn't turn out very well. Let's just say the 'fringes of free speech' took the upper hand and really started defining the platform in the public view, to the point of being strongly associated with the platform. Why would you run a node if it was mainly used for horrible stuff. Same as what happened to tor services, but to a bigger extent. I really believe in the idea freedom of speech. But some kind of control is unfortunately needed. Otherwise a platform like this will always spiral out of control and kill itself. I think it's one of those things that sounds great in theory but doesn't work in real life. Perhaps some kind of user voting could be implemented, but it would be extremely slow, too slow to catch up with new content being published. It's a very hard thing to tackle. Free speech is unfortunately not as black and white as its advocates like to see it. Yes, the drop shadows introduced in Win98 (IIRC) really helped readability of filenames on top of desktop wallpapers. It was a much nicer method than just backgrounding the text with a fixed colour like Win95 did. I can't wait for this one!!! Especially now with the current lockdown :( X-Plane 11 doesn't quite cut it. However it will have to support VR otherwise it's a non-starter. Thanks! I hadn't heard of this method. One question though: What will prevent the ad providers from asking their customers to add an A/AAAA record to one of their IPs? That'll be much harder to combat for an adblocker especially because those IPs will usually be shared with actual content services. Of course this'll add overhead to the visited website manager because the IPs will probably change regularly as they're pointing to cloud services. But I'm sure they'll manage to automate this. I bet this will be the next step in this cat & mouse game. Price-wise it'll probably be a no-brainer. Even though a pi can come as cheap as 2 or 3 coffees. A zero is sufficient for pi-hole. But it's about taking control too. Personally I wouldn't like taking a service even if it were free, over hosting something myself, especially when it's made as easy as Pi-hole does. Yeah that docker is great! Though it lags behind a bit, it's still on 4.2.2. They recommend the AdGuard Home one now... That's why they have replaced it. I also don't like it as AdGuard is a commercial company, and I have zero need for the added features like parental control. But I don't really care, I run all the dockers that have nothing to do with home assistant outside of hassio anyway. I do exactly that, though I run my VPN in the cloud (a scaleway instance which is only 3 euro per month). Using algo for the vpn: https://github.com/trailofbits/algo . I can highly recommend it! Though I had some issues with play store updates being blocked but that's resolved now. Unfortunately google play services are essentially one big spyware collection so it makes sense for it to block them. I also had to manually provision my Android phone on IKEv2 (ipsec), Algo used to provide a strongswan config but unfortunately they dropped this in favour of wireguard. But you can still set it up manually (and on Samsung devices you don't even need strongswan). Wireguard is faster, yes, but my work blocks pretty much every port they don't know, except IKEv2/ipsec because many contractors use it to connect to their work :) > The lockdown protests from people who want to return to work (to be distinguished from the protests from people who want others to return to working for them) are from people who need to work to survive and don't have remote work options - there are other things the government could do to meet the underlying demands besides saying, okay, you can go to work. In general, it's not that they want to leave their house, it's that they have to. That's not the only reason for people to protest it. I can work from home just fine, but the lockdown is really hurting me because I already suffer from depression and the last 2 months of solitary confinement hasn't done me any good (to say the least). I would go to the office if I could, I really need the social contact. I know some others in work feel the same. There wouldn't be that many of us so it would be pretty safe anyway. It would make sense to let the people who are willing to risk it return to work first. To be honest a few more months of this carries a much higher mortality risk for me than that virus. As a result I'm not worried about that. I'd rather run a small (and pretty preventable with hygiene measures) risk of dying free than my mental health declining rapidly from being locked up. I'm careful around other people anyway. I also think the "public health above everything" mentality that's prevalent now is a bit hypocritical, as most countries have been heavily cutting healthcare spending over the last years without much uproar. Trump himself has been gaining popularity by denying people healthcare over the past years (think Obamacare). Overdoing (and criticising others for less actively implementing) the covid measures is just the latest "cool" politically-correct thing people want to be seen doing. Like when everyone was buying electric cars to show how much they cared about the environment (even though not buying a car but using public transport was still a lot better for it!) What I mean is that here there's been a lot of threads in the local forums of people speaking shame about others not wearing masks, some people have even started logging statistics and taking photos. Whereas masks are not mandatory here and are in fact very hard to get. I just hate that 'holier than thou' attitude. The situation in the hospitals is now well under control here, which is what we were told it was all about. Well, the problem with providing a platform for truly free speech is that there's always someone ready to find that extreme niche that is really not acceptable to even the staunchest free-speech advocate. As you say, the 'almost' is an important thing. As soon as you permit everything, someone crazy will find that niche and start overflowing your platform with it because they have nowhere else to go. I'm not doing the demonizing, just pointing out that this inevitably happens. PS: Who's against lesbians??? I'm pretty sure they are by law protected against discrimination, including the US? Oh that's too bad... I suppose this has to do with their console focus (considering the Xbox doesn't do VR). Otherwise, I don't understand why anyone would make a simulator now without VR. It makes the difference between day and night. I don't think it's live on latest. I just did a fresh pull again (I did it a couple hours ago too) but I don't see the new bar graphs nor the local DNS option. Edit: Oops I didn't wipe the container. Works now! I know. But still I would prefer something a non-profit or volunteer-driven project over one from a for-profit company. Especially in the adblocking business where investor concerns are very likely not going to be aligned with consumer interests. It's not about it being free, I support several free open source projects with donations. I just don't like the clashing interests. For me that means Firefox, uBlock Origin and pihole (though I ran dnsmasq myself for a while, I like what they've made of pihole now, it's come a long way!) Thanks, I agree with you and I like your writeups with references.. Will keep your blog on my reading list! But can it do a drive-by???