I would prefer a method that satisfies the Condorcet criterion (that a candidate who would win in a two way election against any other candidate wins, if such a candidate exists). Approval voting does tend to approximate this, if accurate polling data exists and voters are aware of that data and vote strategically, but I would prefer not to rely on that. > Java was the first strongly-typed language Is that supposed to be a joke? Java isn't remotely close to being the first strongly-typed or even the first statically-typed language. The trillion dollar coin wasn't supposed to deal with US debt, it was a trick to get around the debt cap rule that Congress imposed on the government. If they actually spent the trillion dollar coin, that would likely cause devaluation of the dollar; as long as the coin remains locked up in the treasury it's just an accounting trick to get around their own arbitrary rule and wouldn't cause devaluation, because everyone buying dollars knows it's just a stupid accounting trick and not actual money. I would be fine with them getting green cards and letting them compete on the same terms as I do. I'm not fine competing with someone that gets deported if they get fired and don't find someone else to sponsor their visa. H-1Bs give employers too much power over the employees. I think it's just because of well-known blog posts[1][2]. I don't think it's a particularly common question for interviewers to ask here either. [1] http://www.codinghorror.com/blog/2007/02/why-cant-programmer... [2] http://www.codinghorror.com/blog/2007/02/fizzbuzz-the-progra... In addition to not being able to delete the last node, it also invalidates any pointers to the node after the one you're deleting. Other people have discussed the speed, but one aspect of performance that people often ignore is memory usage. In C# (or at least the most common implementation), there is a per object overhead of at least 8 bytes on 32-bit platforms and 16 bytes on 64-bit platforms. C++ implementations typically have no overhead for objects without virtual functions and 4 or 8 bytes of overhead for objects with virtual functions. This means that a program written in C++ could potentially use a much lower amount of memory than one written in C#. You'll just have to learn to do one of the encodings in your head. I've experienced the opposite but that might be because I'm looking at software development jobs. Most of the mega-corps and the medium-large companies that do software development actively recruit new grads while the small companies are only looking for experienced people. The problem with that question is that there isn't really any answer to it. It basically just ends up being that at some point someone made an arbitrary decision to do something that way and a bunch of other people copied them. I assumed it's aimed at those of us who know better, but are too lazy to actually verify signatures. If I'm using my own computer with Thunderbird and Enigmail set up, it checks them automatically for me, but if I'm checking my email from somewhere else through a web client, I'm guilty of assuming that signatures are valid without checking them. That might help but being legal doesn't completely stop cartels. Oil is legal and yet OPEC still exists. Two words: sex robots. Don't they already do this? I don't know much about marketing, but I was under the impression that pretty much any large company would have guidelines about what overall message they want to convey in any public communications. Just that picture of their office alone would put me off from ever working there. The level of distractions must be horrible. I have never seen a web site require me to explicitly agree to something like that. There is certainly no implicit agreement that I must view any content they happen to send me. A key difference is that the slaves didn't have a choice about which bids to accepts, they just went to the highest bidder, nor did they keep the proceeds. With this, they aren't really bids in the strictest sense, they're non-binding offers of an interview. > Does this mean that DeveloperAuction will only accept developers residing in these specific cities? They probably only accept developers who want to work in one of those specific areas. Those are probably the only cities where they have connections with enough companies to get bids. The whole thing would be pointless if no one was bidding. I would imagine that if they are successful, they will expand to other areas. This isn't a big problem for Google because they are mostly focused on a tightly controlled server environment where they control everything and created most of the software themselves. For general purpose use, this is a huge deficiency in Go. First of all, that's the terms of service that you agree to when signing up for an account. If you don't sign up for an account, you haven't agreed to that. Additionally, you left out this from your quote "(except as provided in Section 2.3 of these Terms of Service)". Section 2.3 says "You may download or copy the Content and other downloadable items displayed on the Services for personal use only, provided that you maintain all copyright and other notices contained therein". All an adblocker does is download some of the content and decline to download some of the downloadable items. That's permissible under Section 2.3. I think a lot of the backlash comes from a misunderstanding of how this affects prior art. The name "first-to-file" makes it seem like you can take some invention that has been published but not patented, and patent it, preventing the actual inventor from using the invention. That is not the case. Only the inventor is allowed to file a patent. Under a first-to-file system, anything that has been made public can still be used as prior art to invalidate a patent. ~ is similar to std::unique_ptr in C++. It is always owned in one place, but that ownership can be transferred at will. It wouldn't always be that clear cut. His employer's policy might be something like "outside projects are allowed as long as you don't use knowledge that you gained from working there". That could easily be interpreted more broadly than it was intended. He could interpret it as "I learned Javascript while working there, so I can't release a project in Javascript" or something like that, when they really intended it to prevent use of non-publicly available information related to their business. Obviously, Apple has him managing a fake team until they're sure they can trust him. > If you're using Chrome, guess who started Webkit? The developers of KDE. Webkit comes from a fork of KHTML, the engine used for Konqueror. Apple came to the picture 3 years later. I'm a technical person and I don't like social login and I don't like creating individual account for every site. What I would like is a decentralized single-login protocol like the article is talking about. > I only hope there'll be a day I'll finally truly possess my own network identities, and third parties (social networks, email providers, etc) will act as notaries who just assert them for others to verify. If you have your own domain name, that's exactly what Persona does. The protocol is completely decentralized. Mozilla only provides a fallback for domains that don't support Persona. Even with DRM, I wouldn't be subscribed to a service for long if it wasn't continually adding new content. I can't imagine this arrangement is legally binding. The 13th amendment kind of interferes. That doesn't matter. A voluntary agreement is only valid to the extent that it is legal. It's not completely useless. For instance, DC, Baltimore, Philadelphia and NYC are grouped together with only a faint line on the border of districts 3 and 5 and no line of the border of districts 2 and 3, with much stronger lines separating DC and Baltimore from the rest of district 5 and NYC from the rest of district 2. Also, note the strong separation between Virginia and West Virginia, which are part of the same district, but no separation between West Virginia and any part of district 4. You can definitely see the effect of the Federal Reserve districts on the map, but there are clearly other important factors. > If they really cared about "preservation of capital", they would liquidate more of their stakes when one company made them rich then diversify their holdings. That might not always be possible. If the shares they own are a substantial portion of the total company, selling a lot of them at once would cause the share price to plummet and a lot of their wealth would disappear. Most of them do sell off stock in the companies that made them rich, they just do it gradually, so that they don't cause the price to drop. For instance, Bill Gates has been dumping Microsoft stock for several years. The stock he sold in the past few years amounts to about 3% of all of Microsoft. Persona is the protocol that the sites use to communicate with the identity provider. If they support Persona they will support Persona authentication from any email provider that chooses to support Persona and from the fallback provider that Mozilla provides. Persona leaves authentication entirely up to the identity provider. In the case of the fallback identify provider that you're probably seeing, they choose passwords. Other identify providers can choose any method of authentication that they want to use. 1. Privacy: the identity provider can't tell what site you are logging in to. 2. It's decentralized: any email provider can provide Persona authentication for the email addresses that it handles. You don't have to rely on Mozilla to do this except as a fallback for email providers who don't support Persona. Seriously. It was at $30 a few weeks ago. It's hard to say what's normal when things are changing that quickly. Python doesn't optimize any tail calls at all. Rust optimizes sibling calls, which includes all self-tail calls. It's only tail calls to a different function that Rust doesn't eliminate. What a surprise, he wants to depress tech wages with more H-1Bs. I don't have a problem with allowing skilled immigrants into the US. I have a huge problem with the overly favorable terms that employers get with H-1B workers. I think that once a worker has been allowed in they should be allowed to transfer jobs without having to find a new sponsor. If their skills are valuable enough to let them in, the skills should be valuable enough to let them stay. > To quote Steve Blank himselve, no software ever fails because it can't be build. You can build whatever software you want. Bullshit. Budget and schedule overruns are endemic to the software industry. There are plenty of companies that fail because they can't deliver on the technology they promised. I just assume that the phrase is completely meaningless. I've never seen a company that didn't claim to have good salary and good benefits. > 6. The government can’t track it, can’t block it, and can’t crack down on it. This is a common misconception about bitcoins. In fact, bitcoin lets you track every transaction that has ever been made. Identity is simpler, but it's not very interesting. It's hard for a beginner to see why you would ever use the Identity monad. Maybe is the simplest interesting monad, which makes it a good candidate for explaining monads to beginners. > What's a "quoted exchange price" if it's not the price you actually pay? The actual price you have to pay is based on how much you want to buy and how much other people are willing to sell at what price. People who want to buy give a "bid" price and people who want to sell give an "ask" price. Whenever there is an ask price that is lower than a bid price, a sale takes place. This results in the lowest ask price always being higher than the highest bid price. The quoted exchange price will be somewhere in between the two prices. If you want to sell right away, the most you can get is the highest bid price on the books. If you want to buy right away, the cheapest you can get it is the lowest bid price on the books. This means that you have to pay more than the quoted exchange price to buy and receive less than the quoted exchange price to sell. If it's not a meritocracy for the most important 18 years of a person's life, can you really call it a meritocracy? I think the target user is more like "we've got an existing codebase in C++; now we can run it in a browser". All "Computer Professionals" are exempt, so that would cover many of the people on this site. The other exemptions are rather broad and would probably cover most of the rest. It's also not necessary to move someone to management to give them more authority. Most software engineers don't want to deal with hiring/firing people or any of the other stuff that comes with being a manager, but they would be interested in having more say in technical decisions. It sounds like you are heavily invested in this company and are taking risks on the same level that a co-founder would. If they can't pay you consistently, you should be getting the equity and title of a co-founder. I think the hardest part would be getting the people funding it to agree to it. The plan, as you've stated it, gives them very little control of how their funds are used. I don't think it will be easy to convince the investors to trust the engineers not to just take the salary while producing nothing useful. If you can find a way around that problem, you might be on to something. For the Federal law, it's $455 per week, so a vast majority of people make enough. I wouldn't be surprised if CA had a higher minimum, since their laws are tend to be more worker friendly than the rest of the US. Since you are taking close to the same risks as the founders, you should be getting close to what they get. I think with proper vetting you would be able to find engineers who would put in an honest effort in those circumstances. I just don't think it will be easy to convince investors of that. It's not illegal to discriminate against accountants. It is illegal to discriminate against someone because of their gender. It is allowable only in circumstances where it is a "bona fide occupational qualification reasonably necessary to the normal operation of that particular business or enterprise". A gentlemans club can get away with it. Someone who simply wants to change their gender ratio can't. Discriminating against accountants is legal in all circumstances. Title VII of the Civil Rights Act of 1964 prohibits discriminating based on sex except when it is a bona fide occupational qualification. Diversity is certainly not a bona fide occupational qualification, so they can't recruit based on it. They may be justified in taking diversity into account in the hiring process, but they cannot exclude candidates based solely on sex. In Regents of the University of California v. Bakke, SCOTUS held that candidates can not be excluded exclusively because of race. In Grutter v. Bollinger, they decided that it was legal to take it into account, but only on an individual basis, not to exclude candidates altogether. These both deal with race, but I see no evidence that sex would be treated differently since the same law applies to both. As the two cases I cited indicate, affirmative action is not illegal, but completely excluding candidates because of their membership in a protected class, or any type of quota for minorities is illegal. Affirmative action can be applied during the hiring process to favor some candidates, but not to completely exclude some class of candidate. > Driving schools are available (much fewer than in the UK or europe) and the only ones that use them are people that have them as a court requirement. Increasingly, taking some kind of formalized classes is becoming a requirement to get a license. When I got my license in Virginia in 2005, anyone under 18 was required to take something like 5 hours of driving classes in lieu of the normal driving exam. I believe the requirement has increased since then. Living expenses (especially housing) vary wildly within the area that uses American dollars. Someone in San Francisco can hardly afford a place to live on $31k. Someone living in a rural area in the US can afford a pretty nice house on the same amount. With regard to point 1, I suspect older workers are also less willing to switch jobs, which would also make it harder to increase their salaries. Generally major libraries have actual documentation that's good enough to make it counter-productive to look at the source. If you simply asked if there was ever a time where you needed to look at the source for a library, I could probably come up with something. However, I've never had to look at the source for anything that I would consider a "major" library because everything that I've used that I would consider a "major" library has decent documentation. The problem with this whole discussion is that it is lumping all STEM graduates together. There is really only high demand for CS and some engineering fields. There is a surplus of graduates in many of the other fields that are categorized under STEM. When someone says there is a shortage of STEM graduates, they are really only talking about the T & E, they aren't talking about the S & M. As far as I know, the only federal mandates they have to accept are the ones in Title VI of the Civil Rights Act of 1964 and Title IX of the Education Amendments Act of 1972. These basically just forbid discrimination based on race or sex. There is Title VII of the Civil Rights Act of 1964, but that only applies to employment. It doesn't apply to something like students. Most universities are covered by Title VI, which applies to students at institutions that receive federal funding, but theoretically, they could avoid all federal funding, including federal grants and loans for their students, and then they would be allowed to discriminate based on race. I agree that a properly chosen suit can be comfortable and I don't mind wearing one on occasion, but I wouldn't want to wear one every day. Suits are far more expensive to buy and maintain than other clothes and they take a lot more work to maintain as well. If this is the case, it seems that Facebook, Google and Microsoft should be campaigning to have the H1-B quota allocated to whoever is willing to pay the highest salary. That seems like it would be much easier to sell to Congress and it would have the nice side effect of pricing sweatshops like Infosys out of the H1-B market. If the salaries haven't reflected the shortage, it's not a shortage. It's just a bunch of people unsuccessfully trying to buy something below market price. > how many are the multi-platinum award winning rock stars Probably none. The actual rock star level people can get O visas, which don't have a quota. AFAIK, Opera is in no way a proponent of non-profit or open source software. They are a publicly traded for-profit company and their main product is proprietary. --std=c++11 is not supposed to turn off all extensions, only the extensions that conflict with the standard. The VLA extension only applies to programs that would be malformed according to the standard, so it isn't turned off with -std=c++11. The -pedantic flag is for adhering to the standard exactly. I don't see how it's chauvinist to suggest that a "country" with no human inhabitants except for foreign military personnel doesn't need its own ccTLD. So you take the contacts out. It takes like two seconds. With the exception of the first thirty seconds, or so, after putting them in, I consider them far more comfortable than glasses. Where are those salary numbers coming from? There's no way new graduates are getting that much. Looking at the report they linked to, I'm seeing much lower numbers. And if you expand it beyond just house construction to all construction, which is probably a better comparison, it's even less of a commodity. Cost and time overruns are common in multi-million dollar building projects, just like they are in multi-million dollar software projects. If H1-B's are far more educated than the average American, but only paid slightly more on average, doesn't that mean the H1-B's are underpaid? Even if that were true, only the shareholders would have standing to sue them for failing to maximize profit. Clearly the only shareholder, the Mozilla Foundation, is not going to sue Mozilla Corporation for doing what the shareholder wants it to. Because any given locality has at least three different governments that all have the power to implement taxes. There's not a chance that all of the ~10000 different governments in the US would agree to a single tax. The point isn't to stop piracy. The point is to kill the used game market, which is rather large for consoles. Your problem isn't that PHP is old. PHP is the same age as Java and there are plenty of people willing to use that. Objective-C is trendy now, and that's 12 years older than PHP. Your problem is that PHP has probably the worst reputation of any programming language since COBOL. I think something like Mozilla's Persona is the way to go. It ties your identity to an email address, but it's easy enough to get those anonymously. They purchased DOS. The only thing I know of that Gates coded that Microsoft sold was a BASIC interpreter. I usually don't find them very interesting. They tend to use somewhat contrived algorithmic questions that just aren't the kind of problems I'm interested in solving. > Consider this example: Suppose you're sitting in a meeting with clients, and someone asks you how long a certain digital project is slated to take. Unless you understand the fundamentals of what engineers and programmers do, unless you're familiar enough with the principles and machinations of coding to know how the back end of the business works, any answer you give is a guess and therefore probably wrong. Even when you do understand the fundamentals of what engineers and programmers do, any answer is still usually a guess and probably wrong. Ruby has an ISO standard. Yes, this could be an instance of Simpson's paradox. If more jobs were created in low paying areas, the salaries could rise in every single geographic area, but still decrease overall. I suspect it has more to do with the large amount of undefined/unspecified/implementation defined behavior in C. A lot of questions on Stack Overflow can only be answered correctly by referring the the standard. Utterly false. It could never be a criminal offense; it's entirely a civil matter. Additionally, courts have given companies broad latitude in determining what actions are in their shareholders best interests. In multiple cases courts have accepted arguments that a company's long-term interests were best served through socially responsible actions (e.g. charitable giving) even though this would decrease immediate profits. In Dodge v. Ford Motor Co., the only reason the court found in favor of the shareholders was that Ford explicitly testified that he thought his company was making too much money and he felt obliged to use the money to benefit the public. Even this ruling, which is the one that established the "maximizing shareholder returns" precedent, stopped short of preventing Ford from taking the public-benefiting actions that the shareholders wanted to prevent, it merely required the company to continue paying dividends to the shareholders. I get that the name "Soylent" was originally coined in a book that did not involve cannibalism in any way, but it still seems like a very bad choice of name. "Soylent green is people" is much more well known than any allusion to Make Room! Make Room! can possibly be. > There is also some curious use of evidence: Obama won Santa Clara by 42% implies "the most dynamic sector .. is now decisively in the camp of the Democrats", but it was only 30 years ago that Reagan won the same county by >10%. Keep in mind that Reagan won the nationwide popular vote by 18%, so winning by 10% in his home state doesn't indicate a strong Republican following there. It just indicates a very one-sided race. Only in some jurisdictions. In most of the US, Software Engineer is not a regulated title. I believe Florida and Texas are the only exceptions. Well, it's unlimited for residential use; you aren't allowed to use it for a business. So essentially they're saying that if it looks like you're using the plan for a business, they can investigate. Those salaries are only common in a few areas with an outrageously high cost of living. In the rest of the country, the salaries aren't much higher than the ones in Europe. Someone didn't read the article. It's about affable vs. having your best interests at heart, not affable vs. skilled. It's a lot easier to be picky once you have a degree and a few years of experience under your belt and some money saved up. Not quite. The default transaction fee is 0.0005 BTC per transaction. If the transaction fee you offer is too small, miners won't process it. The main difficulty is in getting people to switch to the new client. If only some people switch, you have effectively split Bitcoin into two separate currencies with all of the old coins existing separately in each currency. So, for anyone with a Bachelor's or higher, leisure time has plummeted. For everyone else, the increase in "leisure time" is likely because of underemployment, so they would actually prefer to be working more to earn more money. 8.7% for computer science is still rather high. Programmers get paid poorly in Japan because Japanese culture doesn't respect software. It has nothing to do with the way they are trained.