> Assuming that Twitter has 2M users Crazy as it sounds, Twitter is far from that popular. It has mindshare in the tech sector, but is for from widely adopted. http://www.readwriteweb.com/archives/summize_twitter_trends.... There are a couple hundred thousand active users per week. It's probably close to that per day, but still only a couple hundred thousand. I believe the free option is to use the carrier supplied email gateways (which is what something like Google Maps uses to send addresses). If you want a full two-way messaging system like Twitter, you have to pay up. You can find open source software, but you need access to the networks and that's going to cost money. It's quite a racket, they often charge both the sender and the receiver. Both PayFlow (now owned by PayPal) and Authorize.net make subscription billing easily programmed. Authorize probably makes it a little easier because they have more code samples, but it's really just an API call for whichever. No, it doesn't really make sense. What it the AP wouldn't write about something that Reuters already did? News is news, but demanding first or nothing is a very poor technique. I wouldn't worry about it. TechCrunch is not always a huge traffic driver (nor is Mashable obviously) and I wouldn't want to reward their petty games anyway. What's TC's goal? Covering web startups or covering web startups that Mashable hasn't written about? The content at TC has been going down hill for a long time, but this is really pathetic. Obviously, but this is a mention, not a feature article in an entertainment magazine. Engadget will cover something after Gizmodo and vice versa. It's ridiculous that TechCrunch won't. I stopped reading TC a while ago because the signal to noise ratio started diving, but I wouldn't read it now even if it had great content. I don't care who has what first, I'll read who's comprehensive and honest. Mike wants to be the new CNET and that's not going to happen by being a bitch about being first. TechCrunch didn't exactly have a high bar for technical knowledge before, but Gillmor is definitely lowering the bar. He's the John Dvorak of web 2.0. He's perfect for TC's style of throwing shit up against the wall and not linking (and possibly blocking) anyone that refutes it. A high-deductible plan with an HSA is the way to go. You can put up to your deductible into the HSA annually with pre-tax dollars, so after a year or two you have money in the bank in case anything happens (and depending on your cash-flow can either continue to pay into). It's a great deal. The lander is powered by a 33MHz computer that costs $200-300k. I love how much gets done with so little power. http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/RAD6000 I couldn't find what language they were working in, does anyone know? Ada? I would be shocked if the actual rovers used Java. Perhaps Java is used in the tools used to control them (that send the signals), but not the little guys themselves. Facebook's definitely spending more than $1m a month. Way more. They have over 500 employees. Do the math, at $1m/mo and only factoring in staff costs everyone would have to be making 24k a year without any benefits. I would say $10m/mo is a conservative estimate. > They are the preeminent news source Except when Mashable writes about something first and TechCrunch refuses to follow. Writers very frequently use the dictionary. There is no problem with it, that's why we have dictionaries. I think the idea is choice. A device maker could make a dumbed down version for mom and a power user version for you. The iPhone is somewhere inbetween. Perhaps the servers were not near the explosion? Twitter definitely does not have millions of daily active users. There are only 824M total tweets. Comparing IDs from posts 24 hours apart shows there were ~500,000 tweets in the past 24 hours. Your guess is still way high. It's around 200,000 active per week. Probably close to that every day as well since it's a dedicated group. http://www.techcrunch.com/2008/04/29/end-of-speculation-the-... A Flash interface is not going to help kill Amazon. Lower prices and faster shipping would. Amazon massacres the new Borders on price. Not to mention selecting "Books" on the top menu gets me an error message on a blank page: > This page can't be displayed due to a security violation. Contact support for additional information I can just see Amazon quivering. Did they try and balance prick bias? A lot of brain surgeons are hot shots. Hot shots like to show how important they are by using a hands free unit (Mr. Important can't be bothered to use a hand while he's rudely talking on the phone in line at Starbucks). Thus, brain surgeons are likely to use hands free units. It's in San Francisco. They probably buy from the VCs. Not real likely to be attacked, since they would not only need to know the database name, but the address of the PHPMyAdmin install. But hopefully it's addressed quickly. I don't have PHPMyAdmin installed locally, I use GUI client. And you also don't know the name of my databases. As I said, I hope it gets addressed quickly, but I just don't see it very likely that this will be exploited whatsoever. But you still need to know the address of the site. You'd need to create a new attack site for every victim. And then lure the victim there after they had just been in PHPMyAdmin. Not exactly like a CSRF in Facebook or something. It should definitely be fixed, but it really is a weak attack. And then they could create company stores and pay in company money. It would be a closed system! The distances in the US might be larger, but the pattern similar. Most people go between home and work. And then other trips are similar--shop at the same stores, go out at the same restaurants, etc. Most weeks I don't leave a three mile radius. Since it funds the development of FireFox, I don't really care. I wasn't going to use Live.com anyway. An office full of shysters. You should start selling the ice from the freezer to eskimos. Congrats on the sales though, that's pretty bad ass. The health of the CEO definitely has impacts on the company, especially so in Apple's case. The health of Apple is directly related to Jobs, much more so than any other large company I can think of. There was an article (can't remember where) about his first bout with cancer and the struggle he had to stay on the up and up with the SEC. Basically it's his private matter up until it would be likely to affect his performance. It's kind of a grey area, but keeping things disclosed is much better for the company. It's pretty depressing, but you'd have all sorts of insider trading problems with only a few people knowing you're sick. The people who would know (nurses, doctors, etc) would probably be fairly under the radar as far as that's concerned too. I think it's handy for apps you use all day, such as Gmail. It shows up in the Dock with a Gmail logo, if you quit Safari your Gmail doesn't go away, etc etc. You can do video-to-video chatting in many countries. Most 3G phones outside of the US have a front-facing camera for exactly this purpose. It's not that great though, I can do video chat on my computer and never use it. What's going to be left to do at Yahoo? Develop Yahoo! Mail? Or is that going to be Gmail as well. ... By not requiring $90 a month plans. I love the humility: > Yahoo Stock is down sharply based on this story and a follow up by Reuters. It was the "follow up" by one of the most widely read and respected news sources. Once it hit Reuters and WSJ it was up on Drudge, CNN, etc. That caused the stock to dive, not a mention on TC inbetween Twitter rants. Why? This would be outsourcing Yahoo's heart and soul. It's a major game changer and has dramatic long term effects in terms of growth and probability. Search and advertising sales. Until the cash (not stock) is in your account, you have nothing. Considering the finicky audience and the trouble monetizing it, FB could very well pull a Friendster. There are plenty of other successful companies that weren't founded on fucking over everyone who helped in the early stages. Google for example. They didn't transfer the IP to a new corp after they realized it was a good idea. You don't get quotes in the NY Times like this every day: > "The redesign is intended to address a problem of social networking sites, which is that many user pages have the aesthetic appeal of a 14-year-old’s high-school locker." And the situation isn't so bad, MySpace is still trouncing FaceBook in revenue. You read wrong my friend: > Not all of reddit's code will be released, however. Huffman told me that while about 95 percent of reddit's code base is getting released at code.reddit.com under the CPAL license (the same one Facebook used to open source its own platform), including the rating algorithm that chooses which stories float to the front page http://code.reddit.com/browser/r2/r2/lib/db/sorts.py http://code.reddit.com/browser/r2/r2/lib/normalized_hot.py No it's not, it searches entire URLs, names, etc. So site.com/news will come up as well. I found the "awesome bar" entirely un-awesome as well. Probably not after the whole eBay fiasco. > © 2008 Copyright of Icahn Blog LLC All business. Always. But then you have to have the full domain, which is shitty. Defeats the purpose of having it search at all. I thought it was going to be about a system of being a dick to everyone you've ever done business with or who helped you early on, but this is almost as obvious. Unless you're huge you aren't going to connect directly in with the operators. There are too many and the implementation is hell. You connect into a middleman who has direct connections to all the majors. Search for premium SMS providers. There are quite a few. It's probably not going to be cheap, especially if you want a dedicated short code (they rake you over the coals for that). m-bill.net is one that came up for me and I've heard of them in the past. They have agreements in place internationally, which can be a really good thing. But they don't list prices, which can be a bad sign. Realistically you're probably looking at $1000 a month minimum. And giving up about half the revenue (I think a lot goes to the carrier, but you can't really find out the exact percentage because the providers work off volume and what not). That's not for PSMS though (which is what the OP was talking about, transactions and all that). Responding to users still is not PSMS. Whole different game. Apple isn't even in the smartphone market yet. You can't install apps. Yes, but not Valley hipsters so no one pays attention. SMS isn't even a big part of Twitter--most of their traffic goes through the API. It really is Twitter for links, they even have the uptime record! You should probably detect browsers because the .xpi I just downloaded does nothing for Safari. There's nothing about the page that says you need FireFox. Apparently they consider XSS a feature. That's a first! I've done it both ways and the customer service reps much prefer when it lets you know if the email was sent or not. Otherwise they get lots of calls from unhappy people who put in their old email address and didn't get their login info. It's a usability trade off. I think a good compromise is limiting to a few attempts within a time period. That way you won't get a dictionary attack, but if someone has to try a few email addresses they can. Why would you even want your account back? Facebook doesn't deserve your page views. The only data he really lost is messages and what not, which isn't too bad (I doubt many people store life critical data in their Facebook messages). Photos he should already have on his computer. It sounded to me that he wanted his Facebook account back so he could continue to use the site, not capture posts he made so they could be saved. Anyway, I'd treat it as a lesson learned. You have no recourse with a free service. Don't count on it as always being there. Especially for services like Facebook that are burning through crazy amounts of cash. Facebook could go away entirely tomorrow and the world wouldn't grind to a halt. Yea, he seems like a reasonable guy. Just make sure to not mention any business ideas in your email. Thanks for linking to a quote instead of the whole memo. http://seattlepi.nwsource.com/dayart/PDF/Gates/gatesmail15.p... - For companies trying to protect their trademark, the job just got [infinitely] harder. - It will be harder to tell you're being phished (apple.computer is a fake?) - Companies with half a million dollars to burn will now own TLDs and have an advantage over smaller companies - It means you now have to remember two pieces of information, the domain and the TLD - It's simply a money grab by ICANN - etc My guess is most traffic will stay at the current TLDs just like the recent ones haven't done much (.biz, .info, .mobi, etc). I'm assuming congrats for the $100m. That's something to be proud of. Google doing it isn't nearly the same as 10 million users doing it. In fact, this type of activity should be limited to search engines, not client-side apps. Except the part about (possibly artificially) not having enough supply for an absurd amount of time. You can only sell software to people with the hardware, it makes sense to get the hardware out there. Correct, but with billions of dollars at stake it seems like they should have been able to figure it out. They made almost $5 billion in cash last year. This isn't a little startup trying to do something scrappy. If I was an exec I would be concerned why my company can't figure out how to make enough widgets 1.5 years after launch. Every time I walk by the Wii shelf at Target it's empty. They sell for more than retail on eBay (and being bid on heavily). Demand isn't being met. Yea, but the OP is doing longer and more frequent (2hrs x 6d). That's hardcore. Without knowing the actual costs, it's impossible to answer. Usually consumer electronics get cheaper when you make more of them. I would have bought one if not two (for a gift) if they were available. Now I'm not buying any. They not only lose out on the unit sale, but all subsequent accessory and software sales. So even if making an extra 500k per month cost them marginally, they have 500k more possible sales for all their Wii software and accessories. I don't really care that much, it's just the first time I can remember this happening in CE. Companies usually wake up and fix supply issues. Nintendo of America is as confused as I am: http://www.joystiq.com/2008/04/24/nintendo-of-america-passio... Then raise the price. They are selling higher than list on eBay still, which shows things aren't quite balanced. Watch out, Zuck's gonna steal their spot! And without competent and effective executives you would have no company to work at. You both need each other. And how many stock options have engineers gotten? I bet Google has made more nerd millionaires than MBA millionaires. This is nothing but fluff. Amazon and PayPal already do this and (not surprisingly) it's not too popular. I'd rather just buy you a damn beer at the bar than send you a few bucks. I'd much prefer RFID inside mobile phones to catch on so that I can just do payments with it instead of cash/cards. PayPal and Amazon are extremely popular. Their mobile payment services, while quite easy to use, are not popular. I think PayPal even shuttered their SMS service and is keeping with the mobile site. Amazon's was actually a YCombinator startup (TextPayMe.com). If you're looking to pay your brother for ice cream, get on it: https://payments.amazon.com/sdui/sdui/productsServices?sn=mo... It's almost exactly what this clown thinks is going to make Twitter with a billion dollars, but already in existence and not worth a billion dollars. Oh and you can count on Amazon's service working for more than 10 minutes without going down. That's gotta be worth something. And technically it's still losing money hand over fist. But I'm with you, I think niche social networks have more money making potential actually. Linked In is a good example, they have been profitable for a while. You should really note what kind of shirts you're printing on. By the sizing chart it appears to be American Apparel (nice shirts, I wear one of theirs about every day). But I'm not going to buy a shirt, especially after the first few cheaper ones sell out, without knowing the specs. Then no one could choose a size. It's a tough printing job any way you slice it. Perhaps doing it in house would be a little faster, but that takes a lot of time and money. And it is seemingly getting slower. Lots of complaints about speed with the latest 1.2 release. CakePHP 1.2.0.7125 rc1 was used in the test, that's pretty current (rc2 is the latest). Having no problems with speed doesn't mean it's slow--you just might have pushed it beyond the three requests per second that it can handle. Decentralizing and API are coming soon apparently. The decentralized aspect through http://openmicroblogging.org/ Twitter as a platform was a shitty idea from the start. Imagine all blogs/subscriptions handled by one company. A group of big players and then the ability to host your own will make microblogging stable and popular. The problem with Twitter is that it's centralized. It's silly to get locked into a vendor and then be surprised when they can't meet your needs. Blogs aren't all hosted by one startup and neither should microblogs. And sadly it's not even close to large-scale yet. They only have a few hundred thousand users. It doesn't mean the largest installation is under 1,000. It means the largest all at once switch was 1,000 (at least that was publicized, these things aren't always). Switching from one platform to another is pretty rare. By some estimates, marijuana is the largest cash crop in the US. It's very much a local industry. (You probably don't have people in your neighborhood growing tobacco, but you almost certainly have people growing marijuana.) http://abcnews.go.com/Business/story?id=2735017&page=1 Fixed the link. Marijuana has a long history too. If it were legalized, the industry would be taxed just like tobacco. If tobacco was outlawed there would be underground tobacco farmers just like we have today with weed. It's silly to say tobacco is good because the farmers are good people who had parents who did the same thing. Their crop kills thousands of people. Weed kills no one. I'm for legalization of both, but by the numbers tobacco is the one we should be worried about. Seems to be an odd purchase. They already have access to all the data, how hard is it to write a simple search layer? Touche. But since Summize is tapping their API, they are already paying for Summize to scale. Fun how that works. I'm guessing you never baked before, but batches aren't one dozen and you can whip through them in short order. 240 cookies (er, biscuits) would be about 10 cycles if you have two half sheet pans. Depending on chill time (if any) you could knock through it in a regular home oven in three hours fairly easily. With some actual equipment and a helper, it would be half that. Bakeries make ridiculous amounts of baked goods and still time find to sell 'em. ... Graphs you pulled out of your ass. When someone claims they have the graphs to prove something, it is implied that they are backed up by something other than conjecture. There is going to be lot of crap to sift through. It would probably have been a better idea to let anyone distribute iPhone apps and then only include decent ones in the store. Stuff like Tom Peck's many novel apps (literally public domain novels made into an "application", one per app) don't make your platform look cutting edge. Anyone find anything really cool? Update: not sure why Apple let this through, but Tom got 43 novels posted as separate applications. That's a pretty high percentage of the total store! http://phobos.apple.com/WebObjects/MZStore.woa/wa/viewArtist... Shout It is just as useful... This is the equivalent of allowing someone to post their first music lessons for sale on iTunes. No one wants to buy (or if it's free, download) your Hello World app. Show your mom, don't try and impress anyone else. http://phobos.apple.com/WebObjects/MZStore.woa/wa/viewSoftwa... The podcast list is moderated, but fairly open. However the app store is a commercial entity and different quality measures should be expected. Much like how you can assume base quality measures for iTunes paid content (certain bit rate, perfectly legal, it comes with album art, it will really work on your iPod, etc etc). Since they are letting so much crap through it's pretty likely they aren't actually looking at all the apps. I gotta imagine Steve Jobs isn't going to smile when he sees 10% of the apps in his store are public domain books. One of the benefits of a walled garden is a base line of quality. I still haven't heard the customer service side of the app store. What kind of data do you get about your customers? How do you make paid updates? How do you do demo copies? Evaluation copies? Who decides when a customer gets a refund? Etc etc. Since it's Apple's merch account they have the last say, but to date they haven't said much to developers. An ebook reader might be a good app, but selling public domain books as individual apps feels like blog spam (actually even worse since there is money involved). Humorously he updated the post to highlight a comment that's "right on". A comment about a popular Rails site (insiderpages.com) that apparently handles high traffic with is. Except that it's unavailable at the moment. Right on indeed! You'd think no phone has ever had user-installable software on it. In fact reading the article you would never know that until yesterday the iPhone was almost the only phone you could buy that couldn't run 3rd party apps. I'm thinking about starting a subscriber's only website optimized for the iPhone that just shows a blank [white] web page. Why share revenue with Apple on this hot market vertical? But yea, you're right about underwhelming. I was surprised. I guess I shouldn't have been since half the apps they demoed at the keynote really should have been web pages (MLB, eBay, AP, TypePad, etc). What really surprised me is the UI of a lot of these apps. You can give a developer Interface Builder, but you can't make him a designer. I can't imagine using loopt. Anyone here a fan? I don't want anyone to be able to snoop in on my location let alone broadcast it. And then have a firm sell ads against it. But maybe I just need to start wearing another polo and I'll be in the target demo: http://www.flickr.com/photos/grahamb/2565911988/ Shit, someone beat me to the flash light web app: http://www.vflashlight.com/iphone/ It's not a subscriber site, but he asks for $5 donations ( http://www.vflashlight.com/ ). What the hell is wrong with people? OS X doesn't even really support FTP through the Finder... It's read only. A good substitute is MacFUSE and the SSH file system. Your server gets mounted as a disk (read and write!) and it's secure through SSH. If you want goodies like preferences there is a product called ExpanDrive that makes it pretty seamless. I believe the messages sent were from Loopt's shortcode so it wouldn't technically cost you money, but it would cost whoever received the message. But in general you shouldn't send a message to everyone in the phonebook by default. Especially without a confirmation page. You potentially just shared your location with bunches of people you don't want to know your location (exes, bosses, clients, etc). This is the kind of thing that could easily get their shortcode revoked which is why they reacted so swiftly. It's even better than that, both the sender and receiver pay. So if two iPhone users send a message to each other they either both get billed $.20 or both get 1 message deducted from their bucket for the payment period (unless there is an unlimited messaging plan). Up to $.40 to shuffle 160 characters around your own network is quite a haul. This study sounds way off. It was by NASA which means they were trying to tell a lawn from satellite. That's probably tough--having to discount natural grass land and farms (which there is a fair amount of) and accurately getting the percentage. Not to mention seeing through tree cover to see if there is grass below. There is a lot of green out there, not a whole lot of it is mowed lawns. 50,000 square miles is 1/70th of all land in the US including Alaska (3.5m sq mi total). If you've ever driven through the country, 1/70th is not a mowed lawn. You can drive for hundreds of miles without seeing a single one. If you discount Alaska the total is 1/58th. Looking another way that would be 32,000,000 acres of lawn. which comes out to 1/10 acre of lawn per person in the country. At first that seems more reasonable, 1/10th of an acre isn't a lot, but that's per person not household. A 4-person family comes to 4/10 of an acre--a decent sized lot. And since there are large numbers of people with no lawn the number increases for people who actually do (10m in NYC without one means 10m other people would need twice as much space, etc). I found the study in question: http://earthobservatory.nasa.gov/Study/Lawn/ And does admit the limitations: > The satellites that can identify such small areas only observe small areas at a time, and the images they collect are expensive. So the author of the study created an equation and plugged in some numbers. Hardly actual research. The actual methodology is cute, check the sat for lights at night and then predict how "urban" it is and that means there is less lawn. (Though ironically on her map NYC is the highest concentration of lawn in America.) Too bad the results don't pass a reality check. She claims more lawn than farm, which is absurd (the CIA World Factbook shows the US at 18.01% arable land which is a cool 600,000 sq mi).