Forget notoriety. University football generates a ton of money, and since we live in a capitalist society, the people in profit centers tend to get paid a lot than people in cost centers. If you have an email account somewhere with spamassassin, send some mails there, then look at the headers to see how SA scores you. Fix what's indicated and repeat. Not a 100% solution but it helps. Interesting bug here - the ip in the link is 209.85.173.104. The address of the site shown after the link in brackets is 104.173.85.209. I found the article to be pretty bad. It made me think of Marc Andreesen's critique of the Economist predictions - this one struck me as a technologist writing about non-technology, and badly at that. "On average, tappers expected listeners to get it right about half the time." Clearly the tappers were morons, because the minute I read that sentence it seemed off by several factors of magnitude. Both digg and reddit have karma systems so that each vote is not equal. I think that as a social news site grows (or any community), you have to subdivide the community somehow - essentially create a collection of niche sites. Who cares? I don't mean to be flippant, this just seems like the definition of something that only matters to a lot of self-important bloggers. That big 3rd paragraph seems to be the center of bogosity. "Her comparison helps to delineate differences between the two groups and provides a useful format for discussions." Translated that means - this is some bogus education theory that has no scientific basis behind it, and if you take action based on it, then whatever mess you create is your own fault. I had to take a survey course on education research during my postgrad days - the first thing the prof said was that basically education is a research ghetto where every half-baked methodology, and every bit of post-modern drivel can find a home. The "get your contacts from external sites" script may be a violation of the other TOSs, but more importantly it's a violation of your contacts' privacy. They didn't say you could give their info to facebook. They forgot to mention the rampant age discrimination. Why would any intelligent person go into a career where you basically become unemployable at 40? It's hard for me to come up with examples that would be relevant to you and that I can talk about, probably because it is illegal in the US (so they're careful). When I lived in Europe I would do a lot of telephone interviews, and in general people were impressed, but invariably they would end with "We just need one more thing - we need your date of birth for our records." I'd give that and there would be no callback. Once I lied about my birth date (a friend had told me that european laws allowed that). It resulted in the first offer I got during that search. The company I worked for (in Europe) at that time asked if they could put my age down as 39 (I was 40 at the time) on their about page. I can't really say that my latest experience was entirely about age, but it was unpleasant. Google my name (Owen Byrne) and it will be obvious. I built a fairly prominent website. Chances are you've heard of my "co-founders." but not me. Oh, hell. Lawyers ain't going to do anything about me mentioning the site. http://digg.com . You have probably heard of it. I was kinda shocked back in business school to learn that the age of an entrepreneur is a significant factor in success - the older you are the more likely you are to succeed. The explanation was that you have more contacts, more experience, and more money. That being said, there's probably no better way to increase your chances of success than failing miserably, preferably several times. The canonical example is Ray Kroc, who took over a little company called "McDonalds" starting at age 53. 47, co-founder, digg.com. Correct me if I'm wrong but hasn't "Comet" been around for ages? - the only change is that someone has put a catchy name to it. Or is it something more than using iframes to keep a connection open to the server and stream live data over that connection? Gotta give two thumbs up to that first point. I completely underestimated how emotional I am, and how much that interfered with my work. "Choose math because you will make more money." I could rant at length, but instead I'll just quote Greenspun: "Adjusted for IQ, quantitative skills, and working hours, jobs in science are the lowest paid in the United States." http://philip.greenspun.com/careers/women-in-science High school math starts you down that road. Other parts of his argument are better. digg.com got $50k from the founder of textamerica.com. We did some cross-linking at the time. Before that it was all Kevin's savings. He was a programmer once. Because we all say that. Many many times. I drove a Suzuki Swift (same car as the Metro) for a decade. Cost me $10k (Canadian back when they were cheap), never spent a cent to maintain it. Gas, I never noticed actually spending money on it ;-) It wasn't the cheapest configuration, though, it had 4 cylinders (as opposed to 3) and 14" inch tires instead of 13". I think the bandwidth problem can be addressed by learning about your router and blocking (or go meet and make friends with) the neighbour stealing it. But not blocking out casual users - ubiquitous bandwidth is the goal. I love the sentiment -- both subversive and welcoming -- like the best of the hippies. All you need is love! Though somewhere down the road, when the hippie experience turns into Altamont, is every person with a home network going to have a privacy policy? Will we all have to buy the same software the hotels and airports use just to avoid liability? For example, what happens if two people connect to your home network both without your knowledge, one does something bad involving your network and the other person's computer? Serial killer bad? Giant liability bills ensue. All too much. Make people engage, then engage them again, maybe one more time for the late comers, they'll find the signup. VCs like registered users, but if you do things right, and make it easy for users to register when they want to, they're an inevitable result of page views. I don't know. Are they? Putting it into a more emotionally charged version for us all - you can do a startup on your own and sell it for $1 million. Or you can be partners with someone who will do no work and take all the credit, but then the company will sell for $110 million, of which you will get 1% or $1.1 million. It's the VC value proposition ;-) Seems to me that recession == unemployment. I'd make a guess that contributing to open source is attractive to unemployed people because it's a good way to "audition" for a job. So I'd vote for "yes." Nice article as far as it goes. I've always felt that the productivity of all developers is affected greatly by all the other mundane tasks that surround the programming - communications, deployment, answering the phone, logging in, futzing in general - and that they are much better targets for productivity improvement. That's why I find the recent rails vs. php deployment discussion very interesting. I've been working on a django app for a while, and while I enjoy the language and framework, I suspect any (slim) productivity increase I have gained will be negated by the deployment. you need to validate the input more. Not including a site gave me an ugly error message. Learnings? From looking at his site, it doesn't appear that english is his second language. Lots of stuff on valleywag about jobster, e.g. http://valleywag.com/tech/startup-hell/jobsters-death-march-... How is that different from the "comments" link? Other than you don't have to login. I used to love the National Enquirer ;-) I love Valleywag too. I think that the "eyeball" model is fine, as long as you're not spending too much money to get those eyeballs, which was the problem with web 1.0. Debian I met Chris McKinstry in Winnipeg, Canada in 1995. I was not very impressed - he wanted to start a course on linux sysadmin or something... - with me doing pretty well everything except collecting the money... and he couldn't even organize it properly. He struck me as a scammer, though obviously it's only a thin line between that and "Internet entrepreneur." Great stuff. I'd buy the e-book except I hate e-books. Wonder if there is a real book available? 11. Don't ask for overtime ;-) It's all about networking, I guess. I've met Scoble a few times, he seemed to make the proper assessment in that in his world I'm not very important - I'm just a programmer. It's all about PR, too. Oh, and I hope that I made the proper assessment too. He doesn't really matter in my world. I got mentioned! Yay! The real digg office is the irc channel. With remote people and weird hours, that's where most of the work (and water cooler talk) happens. I missed a large part of grade 10 because of moving and travelling. When time came to register for school (in Montreal, Quebec) the public school system wanted me to repeat grade 10 because I had missed so much. I and my parents found a private school that had entrance exams, and they let me take both the grade 10 and grade 11 exams. Passed the grade 11 one, and went right into grade 11. I think Youtube doesn't belong here, the motivation and process to create and post a video are quite different from posting a link. He also forgot about flickr (though he has a flickr photo stream) and stumbleupon - 2 Canadian companies that had successful exits. I'm reminded of the Niels Bohr quote (which I can't find now) about how Quantum Physics overcame Newtonian Physics in academia - something to the effect of "we waited till all those who believed in Newtonian Physics died." Big companies are like that - nearly impervious to change. They won't change -- they'll die. They're dying now. Before it was a rumor. This time there's an actual official looking document outlining the offer on MS's website. I think that qualifies as "different." The original article accused Canadians of being too concerned with "proving themselves to their big brother." I would just like to point to the following blog post: http://www.jgc.org/blog/2008/02/digg-heat-map.html to show why we do that. The article basically makes the assertion that most digg users are American, because most of the signups happen during times where Americans are at work. Not like there is another country sharing those same timezones. Shouldn't Clayton Bellmor's say ? (class instead of id, hyphen instead of underscore). I guess maybe he's saying he's unique. Ray Kurzweil has been milking the AI teat for a very long time. He's a futurist without much future. I got to this part (well in): "Sweden is a file sharer's heaven. Its laws protect internet service providers from being sued for what passes through their networks, which gives them little incentive to turn downloaders over to groups like the R.I.A.A. or the M.P.A.A." and I thought the article is kind of interesting once you get past the smarmy bullshit. But at that particular part the bullshit seemed to overflow the container. I'm reasonably sure that in most countries, including the USA, ISPs are protected from being sued for what passes over their networks. I did read the rest of the article. Some of us read for fun, and his writing is fun! What you describe as "irrelevant" others of us see as "exposition." He follows a fairly well established tradition of using stuff unrelated to programming to illustrate programming (see Joel Spolsky and Philip Greenspun for more irrelevancies). I've lived in the US, and I had to look at the dollar bills I happen to have in my wallet. Green, yes, but did they add other colors recently? Not a very foreigner-friendly question. The problem with technical questions, is that no matter how simple, people here will argue about the correct answer ;-). Unless we just give up and say that "It depends" is always correct. This may sound weird, but I've come to prefer lying face-down on the floor with a laptop in front of me. I think it's because that's how I did homework as a kid (in front of the TV). So my ideal office would have to support that. Having been through this experience, I think the best way is to try and get a job in the US with a visa, then work on the startup on the side. If you can get funded, everything gets a lot easier. Unless of course you're wealthy to start with. My experience is the thing about ownership isn't true, and I can think of plenty of people who are counter-examples. Me (own shares in digg.com), Daniel Burka (digg, pownce), Tara Hunt (Citizen Agency). All three in the US on TN visas. Reddit started out as a blatant copy of digg, which was 6 months old when reddit launched. I think that sort of invalidates large parts of this essay. Some digg copy from Dec. 2004: " What's Digg? Digg is a technology news website that combines social bookmarking, blogging, RSS, and non-hierarchical editorial control. With digg, users submit stories for review, but rather than allowing an editor to decide which stories go on the homepage, the users do." Reddit copy from August 2005: "A source for what's new and popular on the web--customized for you. We want to democratize the traditional model by giving editorial control to the people who use the site, not those who run it. All of the content on reddit is from users who are rewarded for good submissions (and punished for bad ones) by their peers. You decide what appears on your front page and simultaneously, which submissions rise to fame or fall into obscurity." And, yes, I realize there was nothing completely original about digg, the idea was originally done by kuro5hin, yadda, yadda, and I actually have plenty of respect for PG and the reddit guys. I'm just saying.... Book has been sitting on my shelf forever since I found it in a clearance bin. Now I'll actually (try to) read it! Well, that made me laugh. Hmmm, except they don't seem to be. I filled out the forms and got a "we've reserved a post for you when we open up to the public" message. Am I missing something? I love the part about "LAMP is everywhere now--these types of technologies no one heard of 18 months ago are all the sudden becoming a hot commodity." I have an old newspaper clipping from 2000 with a full-page photo of Linus on the front page of the business section from Canada's Globe & Mail (the country's largest newspaper). Perhaps that will inspire the clueless recruiters to only look for The stuff that happened after we were funded (I've left the company) probably had a lot to do with my age, and the type of conventional wisdom (i.e. bullshit) that is out there and espoused by some of these commenters. Remember that on the internet, noone knows you're a dog (or an old dog). Sarah Lacey wrote the puff-piece we've all seen on digg, and was quite amenable to leaving founder no. 3 out of the picture. So from my heart, I just want to say... she can go f*ck herself. Random guess - one of the "Big Five" http://www.cfo.com/article.cfm/3003864?f=search 47, took the GRE last year. Scored kinda well.. but it also felt kind of empty. Like wow, I'm still good at high school math. Yeah, my bad. I mixed up comments. Or maybe I mixed up visas. Which is about the easiest thing in the world. I feel the urge for a poll. "Orientated" vs. "Oriented" http://www.askoxford.com/asktheexperts/faq/aboutgrammar/orie... Though it's not mentioned there, the big difference is that Greenspun was talking about squeezing the last drop of productivity from pretty well paid programmers. And with appropriate bumps in salary to go with that extra productivity. Calacanis is apparently talking about people making $35k a year, in LA. This seems like it should have been studied long ago. I guess it takes a while for academia to get new monitors (and notice that they have bigger ones available). So the obvious question is... how many sock puppet accounts does Arrington already have here? He admitted to 5 at digg, I think. Sometimes I come here first thing in the morning and it's 75% techcrunch. These things were seen as no-risk, basically like money market funds. Some startups have raised 8 digit numbers of money, and they have a CFO, and that CFO would be neglecting his fiduciary duty if he left millions in an account that earned 0.25% interest. I was saying that safer alternatives to money market funds (i.e. checking accounts) pay 0.25% interest. I guess it came out a little unclear. These were seem as just another kind of money market fund, 100% safe. To keep money in a checking account rather than putting it into a perceived safe investment that paid a higher rate without sacrificing liquidity, would be neglecting fiduciary responsibilty. O' Reilly's "Dynamic HTML" is probably my most well-used book. My experience confirms that. I didn't get the job, which could be an argument that I'm bitter or something, but I told the first, second, and third recruiter I talked to that I probably wasn't interested in the position offered. Anyway beyond the "I'm not interested/come in anyway" the interview process was pretty broken. The first two interviewers somehow were given the resume of someone who had the same name as me but wasn't me (or something, it was never clear how they ended up with the wrong resume). That's US visitors. They're based in the UK and that's where they've been most successful. Techcrunch says 22 million uniques. Your simple solution has a chicken and egg problem. Or at least according to the article linked to. The whole point of dressing fashionably is to get a girlfriend. Though they didn't actually tell me that I was an "outsource" rather than a "founder" till later. In fact they never really told me that at all, just left me to read the press. Oh, and just to complete the thought, I would say that non-programmer founders are far from screwed. I left the company in October. Still hoping for "stinking rich." I'd certainly be open to building your app, but I'd probably want some specific things in writing this time around. I have a book left over from my b-school days that I often dip back into. It's called "The Entrepreneurial Venture" and it's sort of like "Founders at Work" if that had been written by Harvard Business School professors. http://www.amazon.com/Entrepreneurial-Venture-Practice-Manag... I know that in this group it probably provides an alternative perspective. here, techmeme, nytimes. (money.cnn.com would be next). Messing around mostly. The problem with outsourcing now is that I'm in Canada. I could charge exactly the same in C$ as I charged in 2002, and Americans will pay 50% more. Unless I can target a european audience, and then you get into the language issues. I've been helping a friend with his site, learning lisp thanks to the bad influences here ;-), and trying to create an interesting website. The last one is difficult. Thanks for asking! Loans cheaper? I think you're dreaming. The problem with your "standard economic theory" is that it fails to account for how much smaller a part of the world's economy the US is. The way to leave risk behind is to leave the US and invest elsewhere. I think we will see that happen at a greater scale now. I think EU startups will do very well. Attacking anything from Apple is a great way to generate traffic. The site seems to have done that, since I can't get there to read the story. I think there are a lot of people who bought macs because they are trendy, but for me (and probably a lot of other people here) the appeal is that they run unix with a nice gui. The EU includes a lot of countries where laws are less rigid, and costs lower. Lithuania, Romania, etc. I'm sure there's a pretty long list of European companies with successful exits. Skype, last.fm, jaiku, etc. The fact that someone named "RightClickCheater" is at the top of your leaderboard (and way out in front) raises some concerns. Seems to me that it's less about tone and more about providing immediate results to the user. Xobni could just make the extra effort to get possible solutions from their "answer search" or "community forums" and put them on that page. The problem is of course, that after taxes (you forgot those), and inflation, 5% interest is really more like -0.5% return. Startup hiring manager: big positive BigCo hiring manager: mild negative People who hire generally look for the candidate that "fits" overall before passing the candidate on to more specific people. At a startup that's probably a bigger issue than at a large company, just because the culture is more malleable. It is? That hasn't been my experience. In my job hunt, and I'll admit that I'm well away from the center of things, my last position (co-founder of digg) is a distinct negative. Most hiring managers haven't heard of it, question why I'm not mentioned more prominently, etc, worry that I will leave for some other pie-in-the-sky startup. The only interest I get is from early stage startups. But again, it's all about fit. If you're 22 and messing with startups it looks like youthful experimentation. If you're 45 and messing with startups you get passed over. This is the under-publicized reason why people do startups - because they can't find an appropriate job. I was reading an article a while back about "older" entrepreneurs (mostly successful ones). Almost every one of them said their main motivation was lack of career opportunities. Not one mention of the most likely cause, which is demographics. Break-ins are a young person's game, the number of young people have declined. Oh, and just one counterexample to the "Everybody has everything now.": Canon 1Ds Mark III - 21 megapixels, full frame sensor, $8k. I lust for it, but don't own one. June 6 = D-Day. Nice. Dunno. I think that's why they call it a "black" market. I know that Thomas Hawk had his 5D (only $3k for that) stolen while on vacation. A former HR professor had a theory for this. According to him the key to understanding American management is that homogeneity is crucial. Middle managers (and that's the path to the top) are almost always white males (though white females are increasingly acceptable) in the 115-130 IQ range. Lower and you're dumb, higher and you're a flake (or not a team player). So I found it interesting that they mentioned the 130 as a cutoff for the school where the students generally led "ordinary" lives. My main problem is that this is for people who got caught. If all criminals have something in common with entrepreneurs, then it seems logical to assume that this program isn't getting the cream of the crop (those who don't get caught). Though perhaps that group succeeds without any help or notoriety. I'm sure the people who he raised money from are really thrilled by that picture and it's association with their money. I'm sure it's a good recipe, but I couldn't stop laughing after "soak a cedar plank." While I realize that YCombinator is trying to change this, here's my startup experience. 1. Inspired by PG's rhetoric, go into partnership with semi-famous TV talk show host to build site. 2. Work ass off for 9 months. Site grows like gangbusters, VCs banging on the doors. 3. VCs/Partner bring in new CEO. Partner/CEO fill every position above entry level with new hires. 4. My job is now 9-5, cubicle, no chance of advancement. 5. CEO and partner now described as "founders" in the press. So I mostly followed PG's advice, only to end up in the exact same mind-numbing job he's saying to avoid. I got some equity. Some day it might actually be worth something. I was participating in a conversation about how being a founder is better than being an employee, and pointing out that they often end up exactly the same (except for the equity). I edited the post a little, remembering that I do still have friends there. Managing investors is important, and that means you have to think about their perception. Though I was probably a little unfair, part of Calacanis's job is to make things look glamorous and exciting. The thing is there's a difference between the equity of management founders, and "non-management founders" which is basically just that the former get a seat at the table at any negotiations, and the latter doesn't. I actually didn't know there were non-management founders till I got to California (you hear occasionally about them - linkedin has one). And the thing I also learned is that liquidity of equity is more important than the percentage. And I don't think that Kevin added all the value in the beginning. He was significantly less famous at that point, and in fact was about to become unemployed. Many of his coworkers tried to launch sites around the same time, with nearly as much fame, and they all failed. There was a lot of luck. That is the hope. I pretty well knew what was going to happen the day I met our new CEO. I was not prepared for the extent of the bullshit.