That problem of "negative moves" is solved by the Chinese rules. A point is scored under them for each surrounded intersection plus each stone on the board. So you can defend any supposed weakness without losing points (you still lose sente and points if you needlessly defend when the score is not settled yet). You can even reduce your territories to two eyes each if you feel like. By the way, the Chinese rules let solve neatly all those cases handled by special rules in the Japanese rules. The bent four in the corner is the most notable one. Playing it out with the Chinese rules is a neat explanation why that corner is defined to be dead: the surrounding player defends any weakness without losing points and starts the ko. The other player has no ko threats and dies. Those defensive moves lose points under the Japanese rules so they have to make a special rule for that shape and many others. The only problem with the Chinese rules is that scoring takes longer and completely destroy the shape of the game: you fill in the territory of one player, take out the other's stones and count by grouping the stones in convenient shapes. Furthermore if you want to count during play you must remember how many stones have been captured because prisoners are returned to their bowl and are not stored in plain view (the score penalty is paid by not having those stoned on the board). Japanese rules are a shortcut that makes scoring easy but the tradeoff is the dictionary of special cases at the end of the game. I did something similar more than 20 years ago using Prim's algorithm for the minimal spanning tree. Spanning trees are not the most efficient way to generate a maze but I was studying CS and the maze generation was a good incentive to actually translate the textbook pseudocode into actual C (without the ++). I didn't do the fancy tree animation but you'll excuse me as all I had was a 80x25 ASCII terminal so it was probably a 40x12 maze :-) However I added a nethack style @ character and the hjkl keys to move from the entrance to the exit in the shorter time plus a leaderboard shared across all the users of our Unix system. Our terminals had a repeat key (i.e. keys didn't autorepeat, you had to press the repeat key as if it were a shift to make a key repeat) and that added to dexterity required to go through the maze quickly. The fastest time was in the 5-6 seconds range. I'm afraid the source algorithm has been lost on some tape long ago. HP Zbook 15 with Ubuntu here. Boot to an empty desktop: 15 seconds, typing the password included. I timed that days ago out of curiosity. Resume from suspend to RAM: maybe 2 seconds to the password prompt, plus all my programs are open and in the state I left them before suspending. I never tried hybernating to disk but I bet moving 16 GB of RAM back and forth to disk wouldn't be as fast, even to SSD (I got a dual disk system SSD+HD). I had enough syntax errors appearing after a copy and paste that ended up with difficult to spot unaligned code that I decided to use Python only for little scripts and when I'm forced to use it and nothing else would do. The problem with Python is that editors don't have hints to autoalign the code for us. Same problem with templating languages like HAML and Slim which, oh the irony, were born for Rails. Nevertheless many people like Python and it's growing strong (maybe stronger as system/desktop language than for the web) so those problems of mine are not as big as I feel they are. But how do you survive to them or make them not happen? I'm sincerely interested. I agree. go: about 2,550,000,000 results. go language: about 3,630,000,000 results. golang: about 1,950,000 results. I wish the poster published the Google query strings he used because I get very different results. Examples: gorest: 984,000 results vs 6580 in the post. ruby on rails: 11,900,000 vs 258,000. Unfortunately I couldn't find the news in English so I posted the link to google translate. A video with Italian audio is a http://vimeo.com/95952928 You can see how the holographic system looks like. A demo at 0:00, another one at 1:20 (the guy is remote there, the girl local). Skip to 4:00 for what looks like to be a different kind of hardware. We're at Ruby 2.1.x and every single gem I used in the past six months has been ported to it. I use Ruby only for Rails so I might be seeing a small environment, but it's 96 gems in the project I have in my editor right now. There are still many new projects in Ruby. I probably make half of my income with them. I agree with you, as a Ruby developer I'm not blown over when I see Python. I shake my head instead and I try to explain why. All those __method__ and all those mandatory (). The : at the end of lines. Can't the parser know when it's over like Ruby does? An else: on a line of itself is a very odd sight. And why must you have built-in functions and methods mixed into the language? Yes len(), I'm looking at you. I won't even enter into the religious war about semantic spaces, because that's a different story. It might be surprising to many, but Python feels like C to me. Maybe that's why it's popular as a system language. making people feel at home helps. Another reason of its success might be that it is a simpler C so it got many developers coming from C like languages (Java and PHP among the others). As a rubyist I feel as Guido made all sort of wrong decisions while designing Python but as Matz said "I tried to make Ruby perfect for me, but maybe it's not perfect for you. The perfect language for Guido van Rossum is probably Python." So everybody is happy and I think that the news about the demise of Python are greatly exaggerated. It's here to stay for the good and for the bad. I install rvm on my production boxes as explained at https://rvm.io/ then I put .ruby-version and .ruby-gemset files in the application directory to select the interpreter and the gemset (I might need to have different applications running - especially on staging machines). Finally I use bundle and a Gemfile. It's pretty easy. You got another answer suggesting rbenv which is also fine. Car engines are in liters over there I think. On the other side, TVs are in inches all around the world. > what common thing weighs a kg? Everything at 1 kg just seems to be too heavy I'm back from a mall so... 1 l of water is 1 kg. 1 l of wine too, for any practical purpose. Water is usually sold in 1 l bottles or 500 ml in restaurants and automatic machines. Pasta is usually sold in 500 g or 1k g boxes. Milk, sugar, flour and salt too. Oil and vinegar are usually 1 l. Butter is usually 250 g or even 125 g for smaller doses. Sure not many items seem to weight more than 1 kg but weight your clothes, you'll be surprised how heavy winter clothes are :-) Basically everything is priced either by the kg or by the liter (vegetables, cheese, meat, beverages, toothpaste, etc). It's required by law so we are able to compare different products of the same kind and different weight and get the better deal, quality aside. Obviously the label has a bigger figure for the price of the item than for the price by the kg. As you see, whatever the units are they a convenient for everyday use because all the economic and legal system is consistent with them. A transition in a country as large as the USA would be bumpy. I'd like to see it happen before I die but I won't bet anything on it, not until they are surpassed by some other country as the leader of the world. After that there might be some real economic incentive to a switch. Great, maybe it will spread to other countries :-) Actually I'd like to see the actual width of the screen (bezel included) rather than the diagonal, which is pretty useless. It's to the width that I've been looking at recently when I wanted to know which TV fits into the space I have for it. I started using vi in 1987 and switched to emacs in 1991. The macro recorder sold the editor to me. Then I scripted everything I could (I have fond memories of a mail client call vm) and eventually forgot most of elisp in the 2000's. I still use vi (vim, actually) when I ssh to servers for quick editing local configuration files. I agree that command composability and . (don't forget the dot command) are great and I sometimes miss them in emacs, especially the dot command which is like automatically defining a macro for the last command and running C-x e with a single keypress. I think this might be the defining tract of vi as much as ESC and command composability. All considered I still prefer emacs to the vastly improved vim we have nowadays. I just don't want to have to press ESC all the time before moving to another place in the edit buffer. I wonder if somebody could come out with a great idea for merging the two paradigms in some natural way. I'd love to have both emacs and vi in the same editor. There isn't enough cash to do that. Quoting http://www.ecb.europa.eu/stats/money/aggregates/aggr/html/in... (tab Background) "M1 is the sum of currency in circulation and overnight deposits;". From http://sdw.ecb.europa.eu/reports.do?node=1000003478 on April 2014 we had M1 = 5,498.8 billions Euro Banknote circulation data at http://www.ecb.europa.eu/stats/euro/circulation/html/index.e... Banknotes: 948 billions Euro Coins: 24 billions Euro (*) One of the reasons is the mandatory minimum reserve. Check this http://www.ecb.europa.eu/mopo/implement/mr/html/index.en.htm... I remembered that reserve existed but I'm a noob at finance so I'm pretty sure there are more important reasons. You're not alone on that side. Every service must have its own user/password. Single sign on with fb/g+/etc is convenient but it is good especially for those companies. I run it in the Tint browser on Android and got Hacker News plus a few false positives, sites I never heard about and never been at (maybe some images included in other sites?). I got a much longer list of sites in Dolphin but that's my main Android browser. Again, many unknown sites but I can't remember or notice any random link I touch. I tried again with Chromium on Linux and got the cannot calibrate message. Firefox is my main browser and is not supported, luckily, let me add :-) I got one and I'm starting to experiment. I discovered that soldering can be a problem. First, I had to buy a solder. Second, physics is merciless and a mistake can toast your card (didn't happened to me yet) vs the run-fail-debug loop we're used to in sw development. Anyway, some hw modules have been tested with Espruino and the web site explains how to use them. My understanding is that you can plug almost anything into it, you just (!) have to know its specs and how to wire it to the board. It's not built-in but the Stylish extension does that. http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Tactile_paving For any project worth talking about Sinatra is too skinny. Basically you have to hack your routing in about the same way you do with Node's Express, enumerating the bindings between routes and methods. Obviously there are clever ways to do it but you end up reimplementing the resourceful routes of Rails. Another problem is that you really want to use ActiveRecord to access the database. Anything else it too painful. So you end up creating AR models and you have to manually include them. Finally there are views. I won't even enter into that. Soon you end up with a worse engineered Rails. I've been using Sinatra only for serving API requests for small projects. I won't touch it for anything else. Rails has http://api.rubyonrails.org/classes/ActionController/Streamin... which I never used. It seems that Lotus::Live isn't ready yet. I can't find any docs for it so I don't know how they compare. Could you point me to an URL. Thanks. The syntax is better than the CommonJS one. Check the side by side comparison at http://jsmodules.io/cjs.html However CommonJS is here now and JS engines might take a while to implement the new syntax. Example: the => (which is in the same ES6 draft) works in FF since version 22 and not in V8 yet. http://wiki.ecmascript.org/doku.php?id=harmony:specification... The problems I experienced with TDD in Rails applications (it's about the only way I'm using Ruby) didn't derive from object orientation or dynamic typing. They came from time and money constraints, especially in those one hour or one day rushes to get a new small functionality into the code base and deliver it into production. If a company has an internal development staff the technical debt can be repaid later on. If a company works with consultants paid by the hour, there might be never enough money to do it. An application with reasonable test coverage can quickly turn into an application with 100% broken tests and weeks of work to fix them all. But this isn't about Ruby or OO, it's about customers and the amount of money they want to spend no matter how good you are at explaining them what's happening to their software. I have a Rails 3.2/Ruby 1.9.3 application that will be hard to port to Rails 4/Ruby 2.1 because of that. The point of the original post could be that writing that application in Haskell would require less work on tests so we could have less technical debt by now. Maybe. But when integration tests break (originally run with Selenium) because the UI changed so much and there are many new functionalities to test, I don't think the language can help. It's back to having enough budget. I suggest bashmarks http://www.huyng.com/projects/bashmarks/ to bookmark directories and jump there with a quick command. I also like to alias ..="cd .." and alias ...="cd ../.." to quickly navigate up. For immediate satisfaction you might search history map of the world on YouTube. There are plenty of videos. At the other extreme you might buy an historical atlas. In between there are sites like http://www.chronoatlas.com/ Fake players are not necessarily a bad thing. You don't have to program them to fix the game as the company pling worked for did. You can make them perform as average players or even weak ones (so you have many winning and happy real players). You decided to openly advertise them as NPCs and that's ok but you might have just hinted about their nature. Plenty of games have bots and NPCs. Actually, up to the time of Internet games everybody played against bots all the time and the end level bosses were usually very strong. Nobody complained (too much) about it. Installed, started. xiki status says it's running but I'm back in my usual shell and nothing works any different. No mouse interaction like in the video. Maybe I'm missing something obvious, maybe the tutorial (Where is it?) or is it an OSX only thing? I'm on Linux. I started the web interface, used it to hook xiki to emacs, restarted emacs and run into the unfixed "error: el4r-instance is dead" bug. I stopped using xiki. Maybe I'll give it a try when I'll have time to investigate but it's 2014. There are too many tools battling for mindshare and if something doesn't have a good tutorial and doesn't work out of the box isn't giving a good signal. The first commit in git is from 2008. https://github.com/trogdoro/xiki/commits/master?page=17 From http://www.linux.com/learn/tutorials/778419-meet-xiki-the-re... it turns out than "Craig Muth, has been working on Xiki for ten years". Maybe not a mature project but not an early stage one. The TC post includes this quote from Xiki's author. "If this campaign succeeds, the money will let me dedicate the time needed to bring this next, drastically improved, version of Xiki to the world." Apparently he's looking for about one year's worth of money to work full time on Xiki. Why he didn't do that before, I don't know and it doesn't matter much. But using Kickstarter he's able to be very specific about what one should expect to get as a reward. Example: 35 $ buy a t-shirt and 10 votes for vim or sublime support, no specific features. 2k $ buy a command for your company. He writes "See the Twilio command in the video for an example". So it's true that if you donate a lot you get more. If only companies from a specific domain fund Xiki it could turn out to be a very domain specific shell. However being strong on a vertical market could be a nice strategy. Unfortunately it's out of Xiki's control. Yes, and more than that: he didn't know what Google Map is. He is 74 and can be excused for that. Fast forward ourselves into our 70+: how many new things we won't know or care about then? Thank you for that link. I finally understood why Guido added the colon before an indented block (second paragraph). It's not needed by the parser, it's only to make it easy for programmers to understand that a block is about to start. Actually: "after early user testing without the colon, it was discovered that the meaning of the indentation was unclear to beginners". So it's aimed to beginner programmers . That's why Guido inflicted that useless and silly looking colon to all of us. How about making it optional in future? Ruby is perhaps more dominant than Python in web development. Not that Rails is necessarily better than Django, but it seems there are more Rails developers than Django ones. However Ruby seems to be pretty much confined to web development and deployment tools. It also makes great DSLs thanks to its block syntax. However in general Python is more popular than Ruby. One reason is that Python is used for system programming (e.g: the Linux apt system), desktop applications, big data (thanks to numpy) so you might find it a better investment for general purpose software development. Another reason, which maybe explains the first one, is that Python looks more similar to C++/Java. Basically it's a simplification of those languages (the {} pair traded for a single colon, no type declarations, etc) plus some handy shortcuts. Ruby is from a somewhat different lineage (Smalltalk) and it shows in many places (e.g. the do |variable| ... end blocks). It can be used to write more natural language looking programs and combining that with some metaprogramming sometimes both amazes and unsettles programmers that come close to the language for the first time. I suggest that you learn a little of both of them, working on the problem you want to solve, and decide by gut feeling what you would like to work with. I went the Ruby way because I can't stand some of the syntax of Python, not that Ruby is perfect. I don't disable JS in the browser preferences. I use FF with No Script to enable it selectively for only the sites and the functionality I need. Example 1: HN needs JS only for voting so I don't enable it here unless I want to vote a post or a comment. However HN's JS is trivial and can be easily inspected so I might want to enable it permanently as well. Example 2: YouTube requires JS from 6 domains but I can keep four of them disabled and still be able to view videos. I really don't need googlesyndication.com, plus.googleapis.com and googletagservices.com (among the other things I'm missing comments but who cares). Some of them are probably just spyware. I also don't need google.com but Google Maps don't work without it so I probably already enabled it before going to YouTube. Example 3: TechCrunch is a nightmare of nested JS requires. However I can read it without enabling any JS and it's also much faster to load. If your site is (example) an Angular single page application I'll probably enable enough JS to make it move and check it out. If there are so many JS dependencies that I can't find the right combination and I see JS coming from well known spyware domains I might decide to skip that site completely. There are sites like that. If I'm really interested I fire up Chrome and give them a try in there. Actually, I might install the new Opera only for using it as a honeypot for that kind of sites. Nice effort but bad idea: leave the number at the left and the number for the points. The visual icons don't give the same amount of information. Well, we can't have only two phone manufacturers with their own OS, Apple with maybe 3 different aspect ratios and Google with another two or three. Everybody wants its share of the cake so we'll inevitably end up with many different screens and OS, basically how it has been until 2007. I prefer to have designers and developers clever enough to adapt to variable aspect ratios on two OS than an ecosystem fragmented into a zillion of technologies. I think we've been lucky. The replay button of The Fifth Element trumps that, but it's not available yet http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=U7wOX2WqbXE Maybe I misunderstood your comment but parent was about Aliens, this is about The Fifth Element. Different movies different fictional weapons. TFE's one is more fictional. A smart watch no. A smart wearable maybe, but definitely not attached to my wrists. It's too uncomfortable (25 years since I wore a watch) and monitoring my vitals doesn't matter to me, maybe when I'll be old. Probably I could use a wearable computing device attached to my cloths. By the way, most cloths have been presciently engineered to hold those devices. They have pockets. I've got a smartphone in one of them, which is much less a phone than it is of anything else (internet browser, email client, video player, clock, game console, ebook reader and more) so I'm already into wearables together with a good chunk of the human population. I can see me replacing a smartphone with something functionally equivalent that spares me the need of reaching to it. Not glasses, they won't be as light as the prescription glasses I'm wearing. Maybe VR contact lenses interfaced to a base device in a pocket (inspired by Vernor Vinge's Rainbows End) but unfortunately my eyes started to refuse contact lenses years ago so I'm waiting for direct neural connections :-) So you can write the new functionalities in the new popular framework and keep the old one running. Why that's a better choice... well it depends on case by case. However this is a bit like a reverse proxy that load balances many different web apps. You could have different applications written in different languages serving requests to the same url. Furthermore I don't see anything here that load balancers haven't done since the '90s. Maybe I'm missing something but maybe that's why everybody is puzzled. Yeah, capitalizing on such an effort might spoil the fun but... The code has been licensed under an Affero GPL v3 license so anybody using it in production must release any modifications done. So it's not really stealing the idea or the code, only the business model, which the OP apparently doesn't want to pursue anyway. A non Affero license (or MIT, BSD, Apache) would have shut him off from his code (I can't decide if those using those licenses are masochists or just extremely kind). With this choice of the license the OP will get fixes and improvements and probably be happy with that. Furthermore he could be hired to do them, regardless of the license. That's about the general feeling Italians have about Milan (I'm Italian, I've been living there all my life), nevertheless they keep coming here :-) If you can work and get your customers remotely you don't want to be in Milan, but be careful about bad ADSLs in rural areas, which unfortunately are the ones where you want to be. You might aim to one of the many medium sized cities that are pretty everywhere. Look for one close to an airport, an high speed train station, sea or mountains depending on your tastes. By the way, Internet speed in Milan is 100 Mb/s download / 10 Mb/s upload if you have fiber, or something up to 20 Mb/s with ADSL. Fiber really give you those speeds, with ADSL it's up to your luck. Why not? It generates HTML which may have all the browser incompatibility issues a programmer can fit into a PHP file (replace with your favourite web language). I worked for a telco years ago. We had separate development and operations teams. Operations worked on 3 turns of 8 hours, 7x24. They took care of every installation (pre-production and production) and they usually did them in the night shift. The staff was rotated over the months and there was no particular employer burn out. By the way, one full time equivalent (that is, a hypothetical person working 24 hours a day all year long) equalled to five real people. That is, if they wanted ten people to be always available they had to hire fifty. You can easily understand why these arrangements are not common for Internet companies. Furthermore telcos have different requirements. Devops wasn't there yet and I wonder if it is accepted by management even now. My bets are against it. I also wonder if companies like Google, Amazon and Facebook are organized in that way too. Maybe I'm blind to evidence but why should they be different? Another lesson to be learnt is that it's nice to have the source code for the tools we are using. Ok for the multiple user support. I didn't think about that. However http://www.engadget.com/2014/08/06/android-smartphones-are-a... Furthermore if the phone is as large as the tablet maybe your tablet is your phone or viceversa. There are tablets that can make phone calls with regular phone SIM cards. Example: the Galaxy Tab 3 which starts at 7". I've seen people doing that without a earpiece. An odd sight. I'd say that if you want to fund a startup with $100,000 you go meet that startup and get to know it very well. Google is relying on somebody else to make that assessment so my guess is that the cost of those services to Google is much lower than those $100,000, maybe much much lower than that. They sure have unused capacity in their server farm, network, storage, etc. I'm not saying that they're doing an advertising stunt for free but $100,000 worth of anything doesn't necessarily means that $100,000 are leaving Google's pockets. Plus all those dynamically typed languages which are intrinsically built on the concept of generics (JavaScript, Perl, PHP, Python, Ruby). /sarcasm Nobody uses them because nobody needs generics. Dolphin is affected too. This leaves us with little alternatives. Tint is affected. Dolphin is affected. Firefox is just horrible on mobile, come see this page and you'll understand why (they can't get font inflation right). Chrome and Opera are what's left. Anything else? There are many font inflation bugs open on Firefox mobile. One of them was opened about HN https://bugzilla.mozilla.org/show_bug.cgi?id=707195 in 2011. Others are about reddit. Others are about other sites. Firefox didn't grok a way to handle font inflation in a reasonable way. All the other browsers did. I quote a Firefox developer: ------ From a UX perspective, we should really try to fix this somehow. Reddit and ycombinator look terrible in our browser right now. Some examples: ycombinator http://cl.ly/0l2f2v0p3v0e290J0A0W Reddit http://cl.ly/1M452m2a2D3D04070S1I These pages look perfectly fine in stock Browser -- they are a little wonky in Chrome but still better than us ------ https://bugzilla.mozilla.org/show_bug.cgi?id=707195#c27 That was 2012-05-01. I agree that's a matter of opinions but I think that the OP has a point. JavaScript is easy to understand for everybody coming from C, Java or PHP even if its core is very different from those two languages. Haskell might be cleaner but it's difficult to get for people that used only procedural languages, which are most of the programmers working today (especially if the expected domain for PureScript is web programming, frontend or backend). There is a functional language called Elixir which runs on the Erlang virtual machine. Elixir has been designed to look like Ruby even if it's very different. That makes Ruby programmers (and maybe Python ones too) feel at ease in their first approaches with the language. When you realize how different the two languages really are you already grokked enough of Elixir to keep you going. There isn't that feeling of "oh my, I can't make it" one might have when looking at code like this http://svn.openfoundry.org/pugs/src/Pugs/Eval.hs when knowing only about C/Java/PHP/Python/Ruby Anybody knowing Ruby or possibly Python should compare that with this https://github.com/elixir-lang/plug/blob/master/lib/plug/con... So, my take is that if a language designer wants to create a functional language that will lure really many procedural programmers into it, s/he has to design something that looks like C or Java. PureScript is too much like Haskell (plus I hate indentation-sensitiveness, but that's almost only a subjective matter). Time will tell. Instead of having a common /usr/src/* for a dev team (I remember I had one in the 80s) we have our sources on github now which allows for larger and more distributed dev teams. Not exactly the same way to collaborate but it's solving the same problem with a bigger central server. Time is round, old solutions always resurface with some differences. Definitely great for boardgames. A large tablet in the middle, phones or smaller tablets all around. And if somebody calls you, don't answer and keep playing :-) Malaria kills more people than ebola (up to now) but cars kill twice as much as malaria does ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/List_of_countries_by_traffic-re... ). You could blame me for comparing deaths by cars with deaths by pathogens but let me explain. Malaria and ebola can't be compared, malaria and cars can. Malaria and ebola are transmitted in very different way. You get malaria if you live in areas where some species of mosquitos carry the malaria plasmodium. This means that it doesn't get you if you don't enter one of those areas. You can't get malaria in NYC. You can be hit by a car there because cars are definitely endemic in NYC as they are in most of the world. I'm worried by malaria. I don't like the side effects of it prophylaxis and I don't want to risk getting sick (the prophylaxis are not completely effective) so I don't travel in areas where it's endemic. I sincerely hope we can make a vaccine against it. I'm also worried by cars as anybody else and I take the usual measures (watch left and right before crossing a street, drive carefully) but there are few places to hide, right? I'm much more worried by ebola because if it gets big enough there will be little we can do to stop it: it's going to overcome quarantines and get to us in our cities across the oceans and it kills with 50% efficiency. If we want to think about something that could send the human population back to 3 billion in a few years we shouldn't look at malaria or cars, but at ebola. That's why also to me this is "a far more dangerous pathogen." Let's concentrate on ebola now, we'll get back to malaria when we'll have fixed it. Another emacs user here. I don't know which version of emacs you use and on which OS but this is what I can do with emacs 24 on Ubuntu (X11, Gtk). Open another window of the same editor (a frame): File, New Frame or C-x 5 2 and then move it to another workspace. This seems quicker and more efficient than opening the whole editor again but maybe this isn't faster in your setup. Emacs starts a server if you include (server-start) in the .emacs file. Then you can open files in that emacs like this $ emacsclient -n file I have a alias ec="emacslient -n" in my .bashrc The -n is to make the command terminate without waiting for the buffer to be closed in emacs. Maybe you want to do without the -n if you use emacs inside other programs (e.g. for editing the log messages in git) but I usually use vi for quick edits. Unfortunately running two emacs with one server each doesn't ends well so the emacs server is almost bound to using new frames in multiple workspaces. Customers use Dropbox, it's difficult to move them off from it. Jump on the time machine and read about university concerns when the city of Hamburg joined this trend in 2011 http://www.theguardian.com/world/2011/mar/15/german-universi... Is there any German here that can tell us how it is turning out to be? Thanks. They can ask. A court order to reveal your password is enough. If you don't comply you usually run into troubles. This Wikipedia page http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Key_disclosure_law explains how it works in some countries. There has been a ruling about that in the USA recently http://blogs.wsj.com/law/2014/06/26/mass-supreme-court-defen... They are destroying other companies revenues (but let's wait and see) and making revenues for themselves (they want to launch a PaaS at the end of the beta). This is what we call business and it happens all the time. Example: Apple and Google have been doing it to Microsoft in the last ten years. Doing it by open source doesn't make it less or more moral than doing it by close source or any other lawful way. Anyway, even a pure open source model would have been very moral in my humble opinion: it might harm one company but it lets many more companies lower their operating costs. One company performs worse, many companies perform better. Overall that's a good thing for me. Despite their share of problems (the author explained what's wrong with CoffeScript in his opinion), languages compiled to JS will keep flourishing unless some future ESx will turn it into a more conventional language. Even in that case, being the native language of the "internet virtual machine", people wanting to use a language-X-look-alike for the front end will keep designing their transpilers. In my case I never considered CoffeScript because of the indentation/semantic spaces thing. I had to work with those languages sometimes and the troubles I had when moving blocks of code around and copy/pasting examples from the net have been enough to undo any gains from a cleaner syntax (assuming it is cleaner). No Python either here, obviously, nor HAML or SLIM for templating. Irony: they've been invented in the Ruby community which somewhat prides itself of using a language with a better syntax than Python (I second that, Python looks too much like a C with defs which is maybe the reason for its success: familiarity.) My main gripe is that it makes moving code around painful and it introduces bugs that are difficult to spot. Literally. The rule in the '80s and early '90s was never ever exchange floppy disks with anybody and never insert other people's floppy disks in your PC. Enter the LAN and the USB sticks, problem solved. Not. I'm afraid we have to go back to exchanging files over the LAN. Or turn on our WiFi cards in hotspot mode and create a LAN ourselves. There are going to be good opportunities for desktop and mobile apps. Obviously Evernote and Dropbox are already here but they are not exactly the same thing. Apparently all the ZBook HP laptops are missing. I'm writing this with one of them. At the time I bought it I would have been interested in a query like this: screen 15", up to 32 GB RAM, 3 physical touchpad buttons, no number pad (which turned out to be very hard for 15" laptops - I didn't want a Mac), at least 512 GB internal storage, 4 cores, 1080p or better, next business day on site assistance. Price, battery life, optical drive: don't care. And of course 16:10 aspect ratio, but that would have returned an empty set. I eventually had to compromise on the number pad even if I almost never used one and I'm not using it now that I have one. I have to shift the laptop to the right to keep the space bar right in front of me. The center of the screen is aligned with my right hand. I wonder what all those PCs designers are thinking about. Well, my HP ZBook 15 has those keys were they should be. The first row key sequence is ESC, F1 to F12, INS, DEL, Home, End, PGUP, PGDOWN. Maybe this is the only advantage of having a number pad thrown it into the keyboard. This is the layout http://www.pcpro.co.uk/blogs/wp-content/uploads/2013/10/DSC0... As a programmer I always wondered what a number pad could be useful for so it's interesting to know that there are programmers that put it at a good use. I even upvoted you because I find this interesting. I usually code web applications. I think that most of my numbers go into CSS hex color strings and into my invoices. What are your use cases? In the past I used number pads to play video games and nethack. Not much of them in the past 10 years though. Ah, you meant this http://www.notebookreview.com/assets/14637.jpg That was the laptop I had before the ZBook. The old keyboard was better because of the lack of numberpad but I don't feel the position of those keys on the ZBook to be unconvenient. Obviously this is subjective and I respect your dislike for them. I'm quite picky about those kind of details too. Personal preference: I don't like the OSX desktop environment. The global menu and the bar at the top are a no no for me. I remove them regularly from any Linux DE I use and if I can't I don't use that DE (no Unity here). I tolerated them on the very first Macs, the ones with tiny screens at the beginning of the 80s when we were always working full screen anyway, but IMHO they don't belong to 15" or larger screens. Using OSX as a hypervisor to run Ubuntu in VMWare or VirtualBox seemed a waste of resources to me. Installing Linux as the only OS on a MBP doesn't always give optimal results, so no Mac. However MBP 15"'s 16:10 screen and the keyboard without number pad are good things (but Fn Backspace to Del, ugh). It would have been great to fit the ZBook 15 inside my old HP nc8430's case, plus the ZBook removable panel at the bottom. BTW, maybe the new keyboard has a better feeling than the old one but that was good too. Do you mean new custom components? I was also asking that question to me. I noticed a "Want More?" box in the bottom right corner of the component list: "Tell us which service you would like to have." This can solve the backend of many simple web apps. That leaves us with the space between Bootstrap and Stamplay. I guess that many customers would accept an interface made by standardized components if that means that they could pay ten times less. Is there any tool like that for the frontend, better if it can work in combination with Stamplay? I switch WiFi off when I leave places with WiFi connection but sometimes I forget to do it. I know people that think that the phone they bought "has Internet" and they must pay a monthly fee for that. They don't ask themselves how that happens so I guess that some people never turn their WiFi off unless they must learn to maximize battery life. According to this interview from June www.businessinsider.com/linus-torvalds-qa-2014-6 he used a Mac Air but switched to a Sony Vaio because of the screen (no details given). Did he change again? Possible. Anyway, obviously Macs work with Linux. There were some little problems with Linux and the latest Macs when I made my research at the beginning of the year. That happened with the old ones too and were fixed along the months. I had to buy something pretty quickly in February (the old laptop was dying) so I went for a HP laptop I knew worked reasonably well with Linux despite being as new as those Macs. HP's cheap on site next business day assistance was part of the reason for buying from them again. Another reason is that I can open the back of that laptop without screwdrivers and swap RAM and discs. Apparently I can swap also the CPU but probably sockets will change before I'll need to do that. Out of curiosity I googled for Dylan and this is what it looks like http://opendylan.org/ I think it's := a little bit => too heavy: with :: ; but I like the use-of-hypens in symbols instead_of_underscores as in Lisp and as a common practice in CSS. So many shift keys saved! That should be the standard and who cares if we wouldn't be able to write a-b. a - b is more readable anyway. Check a large piece of code for a general feeling of the language https://github.com/dylan-lang/http/blob/master/common/http-c... It's from 1992 so it's got a chance to influence Ruby (1995). If you look at both you'll clearly see many similarities in the general style of the language, despite Ruby making a lighter use of punctuation and that can have a large effect. Open that Dylan code side by side with this Ruby https://github.com/puma/puma/blob/master/lib/puma/server.rb which has more or less the same role in a web server implementation. The main Dylan repositories have a fair amount of activity so it's a fringe language but not dead https://github.com/dylan-lang The latest America's Cup catamarans sailed faster than the wind both upwind and downwind and that's even more counter intuitive. You probably saw them in the news. Explanation at http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Sailing_faster_than_the_wind tl,dr: it's not the real wind that matters but the apparent wind (the self made one you feel when riding a bike) so if build up enough speed you'll always be sailing upwind and build up even more power. This is an even faster boat, build for speed records http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=wnjyusAgk8I Is it only for US residents? Do you have an Android app? A course I've taken on Coursera years ago did exactly that. Not that would have been a big problem for me to setup the software we needed (I was on the very same Linux distro anyway) but it saved time to me too and I didn't read all the usual bullshittery (funny word) in the forums. So Dear Professor, you had to deal with the command line to setup your own machine, do it in a VM and let your students download it. For extra safety pin the versions of the software your students will be working on (for example Octave) if you're afraid that an automatically updated new version will be incompatible with the assignments and all the other stuff you prepared for your class. I agree. They are quite incomprehensible. I looked at the Ruby version https://github.com/cognitect-labs/transducers-ruby because I'm better at Ruby than at JS and Ruby is usually more readable than JS. No way to understand it. I had to dig into the documentation and learn how it works instead of figuring it out from the way it looks. The less efficient equivalent is (1..100).select {|n| n.even?}.map {|n| n * 2}.take(5) which is self evident to anybody with a couple of days of Ruby on his back. I think tranducers are a good idea with still the wrong syntax. Probably the Ruby way to transducers would be along these lines. (1..100).transduce.select {|n| n.even?}.map {|n| n * 2}.take(5).run like we build SQL queries with AREL. Maybe this will never work but a possible implementation is adding transduce to a bunch of classes (in this case: Range), having transduce return an object (a Transduceable?) augmented with transducing equivalents of some methods, letting those methods pick sensible defaults for the composition operation and initial value based on the type of the object on the left. Maybe adding transduce to Enumerable is enough to get all the most important classes covered. Probably we need a further method call to actually run the transducing operation we built, that's why the final .run This is probably not as general as the transducer ruby gem even if we enhance it by passing the reducer and the initial value as arguments as in transduce(reducer: :push, initial_value: []) but it should cover most of the use cases and anybody would be able to read it. This makes the difference when having to urgently fix bugs in the code somebody else wrote two years before and then left the company. The way the man page is formatted is great but I don't like the scrollbar inside a scrollbar effect. It's been traditionally a worst practice. It's better to have the man page take all the vertical space it needs in the main frame and add a Close button to the end of the man. By the way, from http://pigshell.com/v/0.6.2/doc/psty.html "Websocket server: Every unix app on the desktop which uses stdin/stdout can participate in a pigshell pipeline" so maybe your request has already been implemented. Contact is far more likely cause of infection, agreed. But when sneezing we spray a tiny amount of fluids. Are they not enough to get infected even with a low probability? Given an high number of occurrences any low probability yields an event. First of all, don't flame me too much because if you follow my advice it wouldn't be C++ anymore. This is not a suggestion about the post but an invite to think. I always wondered why somebody designs object oriented languages with functions and eventually run into this kind of problems. An answer might be that they're not willing to wrap fundamental types with classes, even if it would be only syntactic sugar that the compiler can easily unwrap without losing efficiency in the generated code. Probably this is not the only reason, as for the case of Python's len() and the like. Python's designer actually wanted functions to make sure all classes had the same methods, exported as functions. Furthermore there might be historical reasons, in the case of C++ to make it look like C. Too many differences can scary people away. Think about what it took to make Objective-C successful, the almost impossibility to use any other language to program on a given platform. Finally, there is convenience, as in void fn(int x) {...} main() { ...; fn(x); ...} By the way, Ruby solves that by adding fn to the Kernel class so it allows the same convenient syntax in a complete OO world. Anyway, an OO language in which everything is an object doesn't suffer from the kind of problems the post is trying to solve. Years ago I went to Ruby from Java and a little of C++. I was happy not to have that kind of int vs Integer duality. Then I looked at Python and found it a little bit weird with functions mixed to methods, but that's the way it is. So my advice is as radical as unrealistic in the case of C++: if you want to change the language, make it use methods where it still uses functions. The compiler will deal with that. Remember that when you'll design your next OO language :-) > Each of those searches is one less that Google can use for serving up ads Those are direct competitors but Google is competing also with anything that keeps me away from the Internet. Given that we have Internet access every time we wish, with a phone, any activity that doesn't generate chances to make a search is lost money for Google. Sleeping, first of all. Make your own list for the rest. We can look at Google Glasses in a new light: a device to eventually be able to serve searches and ads everytime we're awake. No adblock there, I bet. They don't suck, because they do well what they are designed to do. However their use cases are pretty limited in my experience. I usually don't want to capture the whole desktop or a whole window. Most of my screen captures are to report bugs in web applications I manage or to get images for analysis documents. In both cases I need only relatively small areas of the screen. I use shutter to select the area I want to capture and I save it as png. Using Print Screen or Alt Print Screen would mean to use Gimp to crop the images to their relevant areas. Too slow. With Azure they are more or less in the same business. I just tried gnome-screenshot, which I didn't know about. It fails with an error after capturing an image because it seems it needs the gnome shell and I don't have it (nor unity) but from the man page it seems it's more or less functionally equivalent to shutter. There are two nice things with shutter: 1) the icon that sits in the notification area (or whatever it is called in a given DE) 2) the list of all the previous screenshots taken. They come in handy for those days when I have to capture dozen of images. That and the incredible role of sound in the UI, so annoying for today's standards. It seems they were communicating to the users of consoles and arcade machines. Maybe both techniques were inevitable at that stage of the general public training to technology. Both were abandoned a few years later when Windows 95 and then the web made the PC really mainstream. Their language was totally different and we all got used to it quickly. Interesting but it lost me when I had start to have to do pixel accurate manoeuvring. That was challenging when I was 16, but it feels so pointless now (30 years later). By the way, apparently it doesn't work with the ad on the bottom turned off by either NoScript or Adblock (connection to server lost). I'm a devop, not a system administrator. I setup and administered a number of single machine web services for my customers along the years, almost all of them with Debian plus some Ubuntus recently. Database, application server, web server. Nothing fancy. I also use Ubuntu as my primary desktop (some sort of gnome fallback DE) after I removed a lot of cruft if comes with by default. From my experience what I need on a desktop is very different from what I need on a server. On a server I don't care about displays, keyboards, backlighting, sound, USB disks, mics, scanners etc. On my desktop they are very important. There are a number of companies offering Linux VPSes with 512 MB RAM and they can be good to host a low traffic web service. Good luck running a modern Linux DE on a 512 MB machine. Not impossibile but not very productive. So I can imagine having very different init systems for desktops and servers if this means that the server won't be encumbered by a number subsystems which are of no use to it. Furthermore binaries instead of scripts and opaque log files leave a bad taste in my mouth. They make me figure a future with a Windows like event viewer to browse the log files, over a terminal based ssh connection. I'm quite concerned about it. It will waive one of the biggest advantages of a Linux server over a Windows one. A fork, or an alternative init system, could be a good solution. We should run this experiment, pick what we like and don't harass the people on the other side. We will see the results after some years. The satisfaction of the admins will decree the winner. I'll look into that. Thanks! For example I use pabbrev mode in emacs, which learns what I type. It hints me away from most misspellings because it suggests the correct alternatives before I type them. Most of the long method and variable names for me are a prefix plus a TAB. Nevertheless I'll try this gem. Exactly. I can't see me contributing to this if I can't be sure I'll be able to get all the pictures with all their metadata. There have been enough services built thanks to user contributions that closed their data later on. I think we deserve guarantees that this isn't going to happen. Maybe I'm being pedantic but it's possible to perform a reentry without being in orbit first. Most notable cases, the Apollo missions. They plunged directly into the atmosphere without entering orbit. Details and rationale at http://boards.straightdope.com/sdmb/showthread.php?t=607491 A very peculiar orbit but OK. So my next candidate is the Startdust mission. That went into a solar orbit and released a capsule to return samples to Earth on a fly by in 2006 before being sent to visit a comet in 2011. That capsule is quoted to have been the fastest reentry for a man made object at 12.9 km/s, which is faster than Earth escape velocity at sea level. http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Stardust_%28spacecraft%29#Launc... I assume it's the same effect I see with Opera (blink) on Android. Fixed positioning and small screens don't play well together, especially when zooming. They should have designed it with also a mobile layout but probably they didn't think it was worth the trouble for that kind of site. I expect that most of its audience comes from Macs, so at least 11" screens. Interesting tests. How do they prepare for the real world, where the answers are to be found and not given? I have my pictures on my computer and I have native applications to edit them. For my needs the free ones (as in beer and as in speech) are good enough. I can Save as... the images I find on the web and edit them too (licenses that allow reuse, Google has a search for them). So far the only feature that Polarr has and a native application doesn't have is that photo styles from the community thing (not a quote because the spinning pictures are covering the words on my browser most of the time). Unluckily the home page doesn't say much more than that. Can somebody explain it? Thanks. Welcome Windows10! What next, maybe a network oriented display manager to be able to open a window on another pc, phone, tablet, xbox? ;-) Or the JVM. Many languages compile to it, even some with their own interpreters (one example: Ruby). Or the Erlang VM (Beam). There is at least Elixir that compiles to its bytecode. I have a 10 years old TV (still a CRT because they were better than LCDs back in 2004, but that's not important). It will stop working more sooner than later and I'll have to replace it with some sort of smart TV. Whatever I get inside it I decided what to do with it long ago: keep it off the Internet. Instead I'll hook it the the very same Raspberry PI with OpenELEC I'm using right now. If something breaks because it can't call home, I don't care. Obviously I'll be careful to buy one of the most dumbed down smart TVs on the market. All I need is the screen. Half a liter in a few hours is way less than a cyclist needs. This is renewable and a bottle isn't but I can pack much more water in the volume of the device and get other water when I stop. If I can't find water maybe I'm in bigger troubles than half a liter can save me from (in a desert, really?). It's not worth it. However, put a bigger device on a car or on a boat and that can be useful.