Seems everyone wants their 'I told you so' moment. Why can't we just accept that web 2.0 and these high valuations aren't going away? But why is this important? Can't computers already do this? Even my 1978 TI pocket calculator can do logs very fast. It's not like this is an important unsolved mathematics puzzle. As lot of people are saying that, but the empirical evidence suggests that the valuations, as high as they are, are remarkably sticky. I can only name two web 2.0 duds, zynga and fab, but the rest of the unicorns have either held their value or keep rising. It's not like Uber or Snapchat will become the next friendster and myspace. The failure rate for the $40-90 million valuation range seems much higher than the >$1 billion. http://greyenlightenment.com/winner-take-all-nation/ link to source. for some reason they don't allow hyperlinks in post body Buying cattle futures seems like a good idea nowadays students will just google it and see that is unsolved let it go, man. You keep belaboring the point Everyone talks about McDonald's like they are doing something wrong, but as evidenced by the recent strong performance of the stock price, they are doing exactly what Wall St. expects, which is to provide mass-produced , uninteresting food to billions of consumers all over the world, which is a very profitable business and they have returned billions to shareholders in the form of a very high dividend. You cannot compare McDonald's with Chipotle or Shake Shack..it's a completely different business model and economy of scale. McDonald's is not dead, dying , or going away..they are just being McDonald's, that all. at least a couple years of calculus and linear algebra You look at some of the biggest success of our post-2008 economy - namely web 2.0 companies like snapchat, uber, tinder - and you see they typically involve introverts who are getting very rich very quickly. Being alone is not just a way to save money or find inner peace, but - in the Silicon Valley at least - a possible pathway to riches and fame. Although my opinion is unsubstantiated, the biggest problem is the barrier of knowledge : it takes longer and longer to familiarize yourself with an increasingly growing body of literature. Second, the low-hanging fruit tends to be picked, leaving researchers fighting for the few undiscovered scraps the remain. Third, papers are getting longer and more technical, with more data and co-authors. Forth, much longer approval times, high submission fees, and much higher rejection rates. Research seems to be a team effort now, of many people collaborating over years to publish papers that are very lengthy and technical that reflect only incremental progress in a field. yeah..observational discoveries are mostly luck, versus the hard, technical skill required to derive something like an equation. the quants who study this stuff find that first-day performance is not always predictive of future success/failure. For every Zynga burnout, you have stocks like Zen Desk, Linkedin or Google that keep going up after their IPO pop. Still a big fan of notepad. Uses very little memory, but you must not forget to save periodically. Powerpoint is only as good as the content behind the slides They fucked up big time. That's what people said about Facebook in 2006 when they turned down the Yahoo offer. I predict Snapchat is going to be a dominant player in mobile advertising, like Facebook and Google. I wish I could invest in it now, even at this high valuation. Also extremely bullish on Tinder and Pinterest. But snapchat has huge unlocked revenue potential. they can 'flip' a switch and instantly monetize those millions of users by launching an advertising platform similar to the one Google and Facebook has. Facebook deliberately waited years before generating meaningful revenue, so did Google. digg never got big enough. Pinterest, Whatsapp are intentionally delaying revenue generation to build the userbase, a common strategy and not at all proof that they cannot monetize. that's why it has the valuation it has. the valuation is pricing in the potential . People thought Google and Facebook would not deliver, but they did. Maybe snapchat will, but maybe not. I think they will. The methodology and reasoning behind this study is dubious at best. http://www.google.com/trends/explore#q=myspace%2C%20facebook... If google trends is of any predictive value, Uber and Instagram should not exist (or at least be worse than myspace). The keyword 'snapchat' also shows near zero volume. Ultimately, I think this whole debate on wages, STEM, wealth inequality, and automation boils down to IQ. http://greyenlightenment.com/winner-take-all-nation/ IMHO, people are falling behind because of low IQs and the winner-take-all economy that enriches some, but doesn't leave a whole lot for everyone else. Today’s hyper-meritocracy is amplifying the socioeconomic ramifications of individual cognitive differences such that a person with an IQ >110 is much more likely to succeed than someone with an IQ The solution, on the other hand, -I don't know. No one really knows, and that's why this is such a big debate. So many people realize that this is one of the most pressing issues of the 21st century. How are we going to develop a compromise or solution that handles automation-related jobs loss and inequality. Some propose a basic income; others want redistribution; others wants more spending on education, and so on... From students fresh out of college and in debt, to people looking for jobs, or people who have been laid-off, we're all a part of this debate. Economics is not just for economists - now more than ever we all experience it in our everyday lives. The decoupling is also obvious when comparing advanced degree employment and income versus those with only high school or 'some college'. It's also pronounced between majors, with STEM earning more. these trends have accelerated since 2008. ill-managed prosperity Who do you propose manage it? That seems overbearing, to assume that some entity can do a better job managing the wealth of those who earned it. Wealth inequality will always be with us, just as it has all throughout history. In a free market, bad decisions are punished through the loss of wealth. Thee cause was probably a combination of speculation, leverage, overbuilding, and so on. No one really knows the exact trigger, but a popular opinion seems to be that the Smoot–Hawley Tariff Act made it worse -although even that is debated. The stock market crash lead to margin calls and the sudden evaporation of millions of dollars of wealth and that probably triggered a cascade effect, as business obligations could not be met due to the sudden loss of wealth. Kurzweil's argument is that the acceleration of the acceleration is increasing ..there is a math proof of this somewhere, but can;t find it We've lost that ability in any meaningful capacity. Lumber Liquidators stock fell 80% on the management's bad decision to use crappy Chinese flooring, so that is one example of bad decisions leading to loss of wealth. If there is any justice, maybe he'll get a pardon in 20-30 years for good behavior. The government said they identified six individuals who overdosed and died of drugs they purchased on Silk Road. The parents of two of those individuals—25-year-old Bryan B. from Boston and 16-year-old Preston B. from Perth, Australia—spoke at Friday’s sentencing, pleading emotionally to the judge to give Mr. Ulbricht a harsh sentence. More people die of prescription and OTC drugs. Who wants to be a Starbucks-Crypto millionaire wow considering how long this has gone on, there must have been a handful of people who made a lot of money doing this. A starbucks giftcard is almost like a currency . I wonder if walmart cards have a similar vulnerability Subcultures are dead. I plan to write a full obituary soon. Subcultures were the main creative cultural force from roughly 1975 to 2000, when they stopped working. Why? Dead? I think not. What about the whole NRX Silicon Valley techno-libertarian sub-culture, which came into preeminence in 2008? How about selfie culture? Or STEM culture, or how STEM seems to have become the new 'cool' or celebrity status, especially with the show The Big Bang Theory being so popular? There will always be fads, sub-cultures, movements. Also add: the Red Pill movement , PUA, MGTOW, manosphere, men's rights as new movements/subcultures It's vague to encourage discussion , contemplation the writing has to be somewhat vague in order to get people talking about it, and the author succeeded as evidenced by it being here . The 250 inmates here are locked in their cells for 12 hours a day. But those cells are private rooms, with wood furniture, a shower, a fridge and a flat-screen TV. hmmm...Private rooms could be part of the problem. Isolation can create psychosis. Maybe 12 hours a day is good enough, but I think total isolation should be avoided whenever possible, or let prisoners choose whether or not to be isolated. Integrating prisoners saves money and makes then happier. But these are probably among worst offenders given that there are only 250. Matt actually thinks that allowing the short selling of hot web 2.0/app companies could actually make prices go lower, but in actually it tends to be the opposite as short sellers have to scramble to buy back the shares in panic as prices keep going up. Oh, you think snapchat is a bubble at $4 billion..now it's worth $40 billion. Enjoy your 900% loss. Remember the Porsche/Volkswagen short squeeze fiasco? Apple is the biggest indirect vector of malware..not apple itself but all these naive users. Think of all the tens of millions of people who downloaded malware infested iphone modifications..mindblowing Bring back the cubicles. Open offices are done not for collaboration and openness, but done to save money I have never heard of getting drench by a folded umbrella..lol. A solution in need of a problem I have never heard of getting drench by a folded umbrella..lol One possible solution is cognitive screening - the use of tests such as the Wonderlic, SAT/ACT, or Wechsler to find prospective employees who can learn quickly and have good critical thinking skills (and thus would benefit the most from on-site training for technical tasks. training obviously costs money), but unfortunately something called 'disparate impact' makes this difficult to implement, so employers instead have to let colleges do the screening, turning an advanced degree into a very overpriced, time consuming 'IQ test'. Some people are more concerned about hurt feelings than providing equal opportunities. The 'logic' is if the tests expose a reality that isn't politically correct, we must do away with the test, so the result is more student loan debt, a worse labor market, and more credentialism. Trying disprove disparate impact can be time-consuming and expensive, especially with the litigation, and that's why only large companies and municipalities can use these tests. One problem according to business surveys is the skills mismatch, which is that employers can't find enough qualified employees to fill open spots. Maybe the labor market would be better if these tests were made more readily available so employers can find talent that would benefit the most from on-site training, but most businesses don't have the resources to disprove disparate impact should a lawsuit arise, nor the compiled data to show there isn't discriminatory hiring . Even if the plaintiff's case is without merit, it still costs the employer time and money to disprove the case. And it's not like the defendant can recover from a frivolous lawsuit. Everyone says it's a bubble and yet seven years later, since 2008, I can only think of three major VC implosions off the top of my head: fab.com, zynga, and groupon. Fab was a train-wreck that anyone with a pulse could have seen coming. Zynga... way too dependent on Facebook and a fad. Groupon is the better of the three, only seeing its valuation fall from $30 billion to just $4 billion - but still well over $1 billion. These valuations, as lofty as they seem, ain't goin' lower. People keep saying we're in a bubble and yet seven years later, since 2008, I can only think of three major VC implosions off the top of my head: fab.com, zynga, and groupon. Fab was a train-wreck that anyone with a pulse could have seen coming. Zynga... way too dependent on Facebook and a fad. Groupon is the better of the three, only seeing its valuation fall from $30 billion to just $4 billion - but still well over $1 billion. These valuations, as lofty as they seem, are not falling. It's kinda weird, but not surprising considering how much wealth is circulating in the silicon valley. Then you look at twitter and it held up very well after its IPO despite its very high valuation. The problem with using the past to predict the future is that there are often subtleties that can produce wildly diverging outcomes. These app & web 2.0 companies seem to be doing something right to avoid the valuation chopping block that afflicted so many of the earlier internet startups. web 2.0 companies retain value better than a CD lol One reason why app companies, as opposed to sites that that sell physical stuff, are doing so well is that they have better profit margins and can use network effects for added growth. It's license to print money..these card offers pay enormous commissions because they will make even more money from the applicants Profitably has never been the most pressing concern for these growth companies. Amazon went 20 years before turning a consistent profit, so it's not like there is a well-defined upper-limit where profitability is mandatory. Amazon made a trade-off choosing revenue over profitability, and that's what investors want. Investors care less about actual profits than the ability to prove profits can be generated. Once it's demonstrated/proven that profits can be attained, investors become extremely patient. As long as potential profits keep rising, the enterprise value will rise, and investors will be happy. This is not the Warren Buffett approach, obviously, but that doesn't make it necessarily wrong or invalid. It's consistent within the theory of rational expectations. It's more like 10 years if you include Facebook - that's an entire business cycle, or about the same duration as the 1990-2000 internet boom. But in siding with Andreessen and others, I think this one has further to run. But I am pessimistic about the hardware unicorns (fitbit, skullcandy, jawbone) as opposed to the app/website ones, so It's not like I am emphatically bullish about everything. http://greyenlightenment.com/billion-dollar-startup-club-pic... Look at companies like Uber, Whats-app, Dropbox, Snapchat, Instagram...these aren't flashes in the pan, but are ecosystems harnessing hundreds of millions of people. These companies are creating entire infrastructures and industries. Facebook, Twitter and Instagram pretty created the entire mobile advertising market. Uber is revolutionizing transportation. that is the least of the article's problem. The whole premise is flawed. I don't mean to sound too dismissive, but this article is bunkum. SO I guess by the author's logic, Michael Bloomberg's net worth is zero because Bloomberg LP never went public? The private market is illiquid, but fundamentals will always trump liquidity. If you own equity, that equity - assuming there is no dilution or deterioration in the fundamentals of the underlying business - is wealth. Employee stock options are a different matter, but deep in the money options are essentially as good as partial ownership. it may be harder to assess valuation in a private market, but it's done nonetheless. exactly..fundamentals will always trump liquidity The joke is on anyone who invested in this company, thinking it would be even 1/100 a successful as Facebook. Remember bebo? insurance, zoning what happened to him? Did he continue to trade? Hmm, but the Flynn effect is endogenous, meaning that while IQs may be higher, IQ scores don't rise throughout the persons's life to suggest exogenous factors, only over many generations of testing. So the quote about the physicist is true, but in future generations, assuming the Flynn Effect holds, we may have more people with the cognitive capacity to become physicists. I think another problem is that bear markets tend to be briefer and more erratic than bull markets, making your odds worse. The serial, consistent returns being long in bull market aren't as consistent as being short in a bear market. In bear markets it may just be best to sit it out. I'm sure fraud & waste exists in all mediums of advertising $7 billion over meany years, while it seems like a lot, is still just a small amount of the total advertising online market The figure may still be exaggerated and more research is needed. It could include things that are mistankingly called 'fraud' but instead if a misunderstanding of terminology In a free market, online advertising fraud would depress prices as advertisers pay less due to worse results. If advertisers were getting 100% human traffic, rates would go up, making the ads more expensive. So in the long-run it balances out. But on an individual level it sucks getting scammed. When people bemoan how things were cheaper back in an earlier time, they are often forgetting to take into account: CPI Inflation (when adjusted for inflation, these 'cheap' things are often as expensive as they are today) this is seen with the movie ticket example http://greyenlightenment.com/debunking-the-gold-standard/ Maybe some things are a little more expensive, but it pretty much all evens-out. Improved Utility (you get a better product despite the higher nominal price) New products (your dollar buys things that didn't even exist even as early as generation ago) Expenditures such as food & energy constitutes a smaller percentage of income than generations ago. Public markets are rational. Tech stock performance has been strong but is driven by strong revenue growth and good business fundamentals generally speaking. I agree completely. That right there is worthy of an article. Fitbit went public two weeks ago and has a PE ratio of only 25 right now, and that is after a 30% pop in price. If this were the 90's it would have gone public with a PE of 300 or some crazy high number. Despite the high prices, markets are much more sober. I'm rationally optimistic. yeah, without percentages it all looks the same . Series A could be the same percentage as B Yeah, that statement is pretty loaded, the subject of dozens pf PHD dissertations alone. I do think Fred is right, but it requires looking looking at the EMF in a slightly different way than most people understand it. The market is 99% efficient. 1% is what could give some traders who have real skill an edge, such as the Warren Buffets and like. Most people would agree the markets are mostly efficient in that the market react to news quickly, and that most people who try to beat the market using a 'system' (fundamental analysis, quantitative analysis, technical analysis, or other) fail to do so. But my interpretation of the EMH doesn't preclude the possibility that markets can occasionally exhibit inefficient behavior. It's just that the inefficiencies, when they arise, aren't big enough or occur consistently enough to allow the aggregate of firms to beat some 'rate' of return. This rate could be the risk free interest rate or the S&P 500 dividend yield, or some other benchmark. The EMH is predicated upon random-walk theory, in which theoretically any 'walk' is possible, including even a perfectly strait line for a near-infinite duration of time. I wonder if this has anything to do with prices being grotesquely overextended? It's not normal for a market to double in less than a year when inflation is otherwise low. I think this is similar to the scalar theory of the stock market, which uses scale invariant geometric objects to represent stock market emery levels http://greyenlightenment.com/sornette-vs-taleb-debate/ Sornette’s 2013 TED video, in which he predicts an imminent stock market crash due to some ‘power law’, is also wrong because two years later the stock market has continued to rally. You write on your blog: These kinds of crashes are not caused by external events or bad players–they are endemic to all markets and result from the cooperative actions of all participants. Easier said than done. I don't think the log periodic theory is a holy grail to making money in the market. There are too many instances here it has failed, but you cherry-picked a single example with bitcoin where it could have worked. A lot of Reddit users forget or don;t realize that Reddit is a business, not a non-profit. For all we know, it may not have been Ellen's fault...a lot of people jumping the gun So in other words, an asset class that has been run-up very quickly is falling very quickly. The media acts like this is unusual, when those who actually study markets see that it happens all the time. no, because it said splcenter.org Here we go again What's being ignored is that the odds of your company becoming the next Air BNB or even 1/100 as successful as Air BNB are pretty slim. I dunno what the stats on y combinator is, but I imagine the vast majority of start-ups are will never be sold for over $100 million But I wish I were there, no doubt. I like the idea and I would have pitched then $10k as throwaway money and be a millionaire 100 times over. Most investors are not that good. Look at the stats that show money mangers lag the market. I would have funded Air BNB because it's very scalable, it fills a large market, and seemed to have very low initial costs. It's not like they needed a huge infrastructure to get it going. Air BNB is like a middleman, kinda like Ebay. There is a major reason for this: Obamacare Small companies are more reluctant to hire for fear of having to pay employee insurance if they have over 50 employees, under the employer mandate. Other factors include the inexorable trend towards more efficiency and productivity. These are forces beyond anyone's control. Then you have huge competition for for even low-level service jobs, leaving many job seekers with no option but to choose 'gig' jobs. But you also have instances of people making more money with gig jobs than they would have in a regular job. Some people also hold gig jobs and regular jobs. While progress may seem slower, we have a lot more people working on these unsolved problems. Also there is the fusion of abstract math and physics, which creates thousands of 'physicists' out of unwitting mathematicians. Due to the physical limitations of experiments, most forthcoming progress in physics will be purely abstract. But just because we can't test some of these theories doesn't mean we should disregard though, provided there are as few logical inconsistencies as possible. Gmail is terrible in so many ways - Being randomly locked out of your account, the clunky user-unfriendly interface, the difficulty of marking certain senders as spam, ... How to get a job at Google: add annoying stuff no one asked for, ignore requests users want Giving away your work can be the prelude to finding paying customers but you can get a distribution more similar to a power law but using a log normal distribtion wonder why this story hasn't gotten more up-votes or comments. I wonder how some like Mr. Tao learns things...he must be able to grasp complicated things nearly instantly I wonder if employees will start treating stat-ups like VCs do, by joining many firms for fractional equity of a single employee. yeah..and that's why verbal scores are lower than math ones lol I initially thought it was a bug bounty this is interesting, but also I'm curious how a week-old blog on a old school blogger template with only two posts got noticed so fast? index allocation as a % of total assets will keep rising, but total assets will also keep rising.. That means individual stocks will still have price discovery despite a futuristic scenario where 99% of all money is indexed. The mechanism for how this leads to collusion is unclear. what matters is the cash flow. Amazon is cash flow positive meaning that their operations are very profitable, but they are reinvesting this profits into the business why does walmart occasionally pay $100,000 in an injury lawsuit from tacking a shoplifter who stole $10 of stuff? because the accumulative effects of doing nothing will cost far more than $100,000 I am doubtful that one of these boot-campers will be as good as someone with 10+ years of coding experience, so there will still be a wage premium for the most competent of coders Yea, this article would have been applicable in 1998, but not so much today. Even domain names are becoming antiquated, with everything moving to apps and cloud. The most popular blogs I read are still hosted on blogspot and wordpress...Having a good domain won't save your business if the execution and other aspects are flawed. For entrepreneurs, the domains name should be the least concern. exactly ..people go to the app store. Few ever go to snapchat.com They hear about it on Facebook, on twitter, the press, through word of mouth must be killing it with that huge insurance ad That's why it's smart that millennials are living with their parents longer, using the saved $ to eventually buy a home instead of making the landlord rich. It's not immaturity - it's adaptation. People on the left-side of the bell curve are the most impressionable to advertising and are are also the least likely to install adblock. so not a problem. On his Reddit account, he writes: Jews aren't white or human, despite being Jewish himself. Makes me wonder how many internet white nationalists are in person self-hating minorities But this big story is the thwarted bomb attack, which is why he was arrested. The trolling is secondary. Maybe that's why so many millennials are living at home, or why the stigma of not leaving the nest is gone http://greyenlightenment.com/why-millennials-are-still-livin... why make the landlord rich when you can use the saved money by living at home to build your own financial future The iPhone in your pocket has more computing power than the Voyager spacecraft that left the solar system two years ago Sigh..people who use this example don't understand engineering. The Voyager doesn't need much power to do its job. An iPhone needs a lot of power to surf the web and play videos. An iphone also has more computing power than a Casio watch that you can buy a Walmart, because the watch doesn't need much power to merely display the time. It also has more computing power than a traffic light. As for R&D, another possibility is that universities and small companies may be compensating for R&D stagnation in bigger companies. Many bigger companies acquire small innovative firms instead of doing the research all themselves. I've heard this argument many times; investment involves risk, potentially 100% of invested capital or more, unlike a paycheck. exactly. it punishes risk takers. But PE ratios today, unlike in the late 90's, are not that high. Stocks, especially large cap technology and large-cap consumer like Nike and Disney, may still be a good value short sellers who don't understand the subtlety between 'cash from operations' vs. 'net income ' the critics of string theory need to consider this, instead of just dismissing the theory as un-testable this is fine if you have f-u money, but for everyone else it sucks Your online presence is becoming your new, indelible permanent record. Anything incriminating, so long as it’s archived on a major search engine or social network, can and will come back to hurt you. The rich, such as Rap Genius co-founder Mahbod Moghadam who was fired from the annotation service after posting comments about Elliot Rogers, don’t have to worry so much about the consequences of reckless online behavior because they at least retain their equity in the said company, so being fired is just like a permanent vacation. Now the 9-5er who gets fired only has unemployment to fall back on. Much worse. But those online comments will also hurt your future job prospects, leaving you with no recourse but to request they be removed (fat chance) or pay inordinate amounts of money to a reputation firm to bury the results. If you’re really smart and talented your skills may be so valuable and rare that employers may overlook your past transgressions. So we see with the abnegation of privacy and anonymity, like most changes of the post-2008 economy, primarily impact those who are the most vulnerable, and there’s nothing anyone can or will do about it. The only solution is be careful what you post on Facebook, Twitter or elsewhere, and if someone slanders you, there isn’t much you can do that won’t cost a lot of money and time. Email subscription popups ...those are annoying probably due to metabolism more so than activity To call it 'dangerous' is a bit of a stretch..maybe annoying. The easiest detection system is that the tweets of an account with a lot of fake followers will have very little, if any, interaction . I'm kinda irked stuff like this makes to arxiv but you still need the 'two referrals' system to upload stuff. I can't image the worst math paper is much worse than this. lol if it's so easy, I implore you to create a Twitter competitor... and to make your challenge easier, instead of it being worth $20 billion, we'll lower the bar to, say, $150 million. It's already been done..every major web 2.0 success has many clones that all tried but failed to gain the necessary momentum and marketshare to become as successful as Twitter or Dropbox, for example. Even Evernote, despite all the attention and funding it has gotten, is stuck in the ruts. Yes, the coding part can be replicated, but getting the users and traction is the hardest part.