Sun was already on life support when they tried the open source strategy. Their failure isn't related to open source. Those are your own definitions. open-source/free software is about the license, period. Then some people wants to add some romance around it but that is just their own opinion. What about Julian Assage? US laws shouldn't apply to him yet they want to extradite and trial him for things done outside US juridiction. > Having a “devops” team would feel like having a team called “agile team” or something - you do “devops”, you can’t build it. Too late. The industry has chosen to deviate the word. For years as a sysadmin I was arguing people that devops is a methodology and not a function. Now I have the Sr Devops Engineer title. I know I am still just a sys and platform engineer who's job is to facilitate life of developers but hey the industry insist on calling me devops, I have other fights more important than fixing my title and team name. I just tend to think that 20y ago people were relaying memes about sysadmins being motherfuckers who just randomly denied everything to clueless developers while the devops term emphases more the collaboration side. I hope the devs I work with are happy working with me, I sure have a good relationship with them. If that is being what the industry now choose to call a devops, I am a devops. I've worked in a company working in holacracy. Some people are more active or passive than others. Some people are more vocals than others. Some people have better social and negociation skills. In the end although there is no hierarchy per se, some natural leaders emerge, and they are usually best suited for the job than some managers who are clueless about what the team is doing because they still have to do the job and be accounted for. Some metrics always have to be implemented to make sure the teams fulfill their role. Metrics depend on the kind of role. As a sys admin team we were relying on uptime of the services we were managing. As a bicycle and old motorcycles user I am gobsmacked that so much people accept that the vehicule they are using is connected or regularly phone home to the manufacturer. I guess if you share all your life on facebook and instagram, why shouldn't you also give away all your errands to any third party. Is there at least a license agreement you are showned at and have to agree to upon delivery? Can you operate those vehicules offline by choice? Well all my bikes are "muscular bikes" for one thing, and I build most of them out of spare parts. And I haven't jumped on the electronic shifting band wagon either. I don't necessarily see all these technos as bad but I spend enough time in front of my computer and I want my bikes to stay part of the analog world. These kinds of features could, and should be optionnally usable by connecting your car to an open source self hosted server. There is no need to send everything to the manufacturer and a way to avoid that should be mandatory. I think this is a case of first world country arrogance of putting perfectly working things in the landfill just for the heck of it. I use a beamer instead of a tv but it is not complicated to dedicate a small computer like a gigayte brix or an old laptop and use the tv/beamer as the screen. Be it with kodi or using regular apps doesn't make a huge difference these days. With the advent of hidpi monitors, all modern OSes support scaling the icons/text/widgets so it is perfectly viewable from a few meters of distance. I use a wireless keyboard+trackpad combo as a remote which I leave out of the way inside my living room table when not in use. But if you are living with the current performance just fine, why do you have to seek a faster one. As long as I can work, play 2 concurrent movies while having videocalls at the same time, I don't see the point upgrading just for the sake of upgrading. Unless the security of my devices is at risk. Why would you want to cram 50 so called "smart" devices is the real question. Is your quality of life improved by having your lightbulbs and switch connected to the internet. Why do you need sensors at all? My home is completely analog, like I even have to operate my windows blinds manually. I have lived in a totally connected and electrified house and I didn't view any improvement in my quality of life. Only downsides when the power grid had an issue. I don't know any website that uses facebook as its only way to authenticate. I never use the usual suspect for authentication, always choose the regular account option tied to an email address. That is what password managers are for anyway. Have had 2 kids in the last decade in Switzerland and we only had a visit or two and it was mostly about providing councelling, not helping you in your daily task as a proper kraamzorgster. Keep in mind that these kinds of systems are not necessarily compatible with some cultures/usages. My gf has a friend who is leaving in the Netherlands and was getting crazy about having that krammzorgster around in the house all day long while her mother was already here for a few months. It looked like it isn't even optionnal and they couldn't just tell her to go elsewhere. They are mexicans. As a user, I have yet to find an electron app I have tested and kept using. There are many tools available as electron apps that I have to use for my daily job that I prefer running in a browser window instead of the buggy electron app such as teams or slack. And I don't see any downside in using the website instead of the electron app, quite the contrary in fact. Even on mobile there are some tools that I prefer to run on the browser, mostly for better control of my privacy. If you develop on the web, develop on the web. If you want to build desktop app, develop your apps like desktop apps. Users will thank you. man synecdoche Hmmm, pulseaudio volume control allow me to change the volume and device used for every single source (app, firefox tab...) I am running. Don't mistake "people using adblock" with "I don't have a valid business model". Adblock users are a minority among people browsing the internet. As an avid cyclist too, I think the biggest misunderstanding is you mentionned "trail", which you are probably confusing with "non paved path". That Bike Shaped Object mentionned up there would totally be destroyed in a few hours of riding any challenging trail at a decent speed. The fork would bend and lockup itself, the brake pads would be dead before reaching the bottom of the hill. Another problem with buying such a lowend bike online is they are very often badly assembled. You might find quickly that it becomes noisy because some parts were installed without enough grease, or components may become nearly impossible to remove because of oxydation when it will become time to replace them, and it may just be unsafe because something hasn't been torqued to spec. I once had a thorough look at these kind of bikes and a sticker on the fork clearly stated it was not really rated to be used off road. Thanksfully the CE norms have been done so that bicycles do not explode on potholes filled roads so even a bike not made for off-road is made to survive common abuses on and off the pavement. My biggest issue with these kind of cheap e-bikes with stupid barely functionnal gimmicks such as (badly) suspended fork and chinese low end electric system is they often turn very quickly to the landfill because something end up being non functionnal and the owner do not know how to fix it himself and which component to replace wit. So to the eyes of many what you really bought appears to be waste (or soon to be) which would have been better replaced by something that might last better. Take the same bike, replace the suspended fork with a steel rigid fork and remove the electronics and you have a bike that can be ridden for years with decent maintenance. But how many people will do that instead of sending it to the landfill and replacing it with the same shit when it gets to this point? Having said that the good thing with cycling is you don't have to have the newest more expensive bike to enjoy riding and as long as you do it within the capabilities of the bike. And suprisingly a bike can be operated for long while being in a very bad state as long as speed is kept low, squeaking and grinding his way to your destination. If you would literally pay for an amazon filter, why don't you put your money where your mouth is and buy from dedicated shops? Initially because I hate monopoly but also because looking for something decent on amazon is a major PITA I avoid amazon for nearly everything. If I need a computer, I buy direct to the vendor or to a computer shop. If I need new bicycle parts I go to an online bikeshop, if I want a new sampler groovebox, I go to a store selling home studio gears. Well this isn't totally true as I now favor second hand stuff but the reality is Amazon is not very effective at offering you the best things, and not even at the best price. Most online shops nowadays offer shipping time on par with what you get on Amazon. In then end I don't see any good incentive to use Amazon. Some people will say centralized market place but if searching a decent product takes much more time than finding a good specialized store and getting decent product quickly you haven't really gained anything. Single account for all your shopping? Many shops offer buying without creating an account. Others will allow you to seamlessly create the account at ordering time and password managers make it easy to manage multiple accounts. Nearly all of them allows Paypal/Google/Apple pay among other. This is definitely not what I would call obscure 3rd party. Figuring out wether ticking or not ticking the box usually involve knowing how to read. And as I said many of them allow for guest access without any account creation. Which is the reason they are bought by the truckload. It is akin to an android tablet without the terrible android game ecosystem. As a parent I am happy to have chosen the switch for the following reason: 1. Kids can carry everywhere, like they can play in the plane when going on holidays. 2. They don't have to monopolize the main family screen every time they want to play, yet you can still play in the living room. 3. It cost a lot lower than a playstation or xbox 4. Most games have a decent and long enough offline gameplay, keeping my kids away from being online and be exposed to harassment 5. It is not on a phone, so they don't have to own a phone or use mine. On the cons side it is way to fragile and has been replaced once. Note: my kids are 8 and 11 and not heavy video game players. They don't have free access to the console, which mean they didn't develop addiction yet and they can spend literally weeks without gaming. Exactly, I see the very same reusal of IP on all platforms. For parents nintendo is a guarantee of having access to games made for kids. There are certainly comparable games sold for Playstation and Xbox lines but the price range and advertized games show they are targetting adults. Parents of young kids would tend to stear away naturally. They use the word big the same way people started saying Big Pharma. To put people selfhosting at home in opposition of using huge companies. I think it depends what kind of work you do and if you travel a lot. Pre/post pandemia are also different for a lot of people. A lot of people are now working 100% at home in a dedicated office and could only use a desktop while they used to move from meeting to meeting with their laptop prior to the pandemic. Others were travelling a lot from conf to conf and customers. Some still do a lot of customers on site work. There are many use-cases. Anyway a laptop becomes a desktop by plugging it's usb-c port to your docking station so there is very little downside appart from being subject to throttling when doing heavy cpu stuff to using one instead of a desktop. Which not everybody is subject too, mostly only people compiling stuff on their laptop. I personnally spend most of my time in my office at home with dual screen but I like to move to the living room when attending conferences, in my rooftop when it is not to sunny or in the kitchen to have a chat with my gf while grabbing a tea when she is at home and I am waiting for a job/whatever to complete so a laptop is still nice to have even when working 100% from home. You can still do a lot of great work and have decent screen by just focusing on second hand stuff. I never bought a personnal laptop as new and right now my main laptop is one I bought from my previous company when leaving. The bonus is usually once you get them they are already fully supported and stable on Linux. It only costed me 375 euros. It is not a high end model, but a mid range (Lenovo E580) from a few years ago that was specced with the fastest i7 cpu and with as many ram (32GB) as supported. It is not Macbook M1 whatever fast/nice but for me it is still pretty much current. I cringe when people say they cannot work with 1080p screen but the reality is you are perefectly comfortable on them as long as you don't know better. This is something I have learned with different domains, not just computing but also sport equipment, music hardware. You don't necessarily miss the new tech until you tried it and you are not necessarily less productive, comfortable, creative or competitive on older tech, only expectations changes. But once you tested the new drug sure it is hard to come back. Who listen anything on speakers anyway? When travelling I will always use headset, when hooked to docking it uses my home studio monitor speakers and if I want to listen to watch a movie in the bed or a show in my kitchen it is paired to my Bose bluetooth speaker. Well terminology is important depending on who you are talking to. Some governments may call that trail but riding down a black track at Whistler or Champery is different than just riding along on a non technically challenging gravel road/path. Besides, trail bike is a term used by the bicycle industry for a category of bikes that are much more capable than a cross-country mountain bike on challenging terrain and downhills while not being as much extreme as a Downhill bike with double crown forks which are pigs uphill. As for your other question it really depends on the kind of e-bike. Well integrated e-bike from bigger companies have the engine in the bottom bracket area so you can't remove that and the battery is usually so integrated inside the frame. Most cheap e-bike like yours, if it is the same as the one I see on the viribus website, are regular cheap alu frame on which they have strapped a battery on the standard 2 bolts usually dedicated for the water bottle holder cage and the engine is on the rear wheel. So the frame is pretty standard in that regard. Remove the battery and swap the rear wheel for a regular rear wheel and you have a conventional very entry level hardtail. I cringe every time I hear the US president being described as the leader of the free world, as if there were 2 specific sides and USA were leading it and as if USA was an advocate for freedom. > Docker is successful in part because it punts library versioning and security patches and distro maintenance to a third party. Not only do you not have to worry about these things (but you should!) now you might not be able to even do anything if you wanted to. This is a very restricted view. Besides this article is about building your own images, not using existing ones. Main issue to me is that in my experience unless I put the phone on the dash (where it can easily overheat in summer unless I put it right on the aircon vent) the phone doesn't grab the gps satellite signal that easily. I have always been a bit dubious about e2e encryption on whatsapp especially seeing how the forward message feature work. Example: upload a few minutes long video to a whatsapp contact, depending on your phone connection it can take up to a few minutes. Then forward it to other contacts or group and it is done instantaneously. For the videos and images to be sent and retrieved instantaneously by my contacts when forwarded while I am using a crappy connection it means they are retrieved from some whatsapp servers which means there is at least some kind of man in the middle proxy-cache stuff involved. I certainly cannot do the same on other apps I have used doing e2e encryption. On deltachat, atox, jami I have to send back again the data. While inconvenient when using a bad connection I am willing to get the tradeoff to have no mitm on any server. Anyone can share if there is a similar forwarding function on Signal? From my experience, the nextcloud android app autosync features are unreliable while I never had this problem on syncthing. Not really multiplatform though. Opensource clients exists but they could break anytime from some MS changes. That's wrong. Linux works for myriad of usecases the same way that windows and macos do. And it sucks at a fraction of other ones but windows and macos do too suck big times at other things. The difference with my grandmother and most average people is she hasn't been forced through school and work to the windows or mac ecosystem. She wasn't used to software x and y. When she asked how to do things, she didn't have any preconceptions. Resistance to change is the main deterrent to people. Most people used to amiga or atari suffured when they had to learn windows. Most people are struggling a bit when switching to MacOS, I sure do as well. The difference is you seallow it easily because you actually bought a freaking expensive equipment and feel forced to get used to it. While if you are just a format + reinstall away from windows you will just not have the patience to dedicate the time to discover the UI, shortcuts and softwares to achieve the same thing but with a slightly different workflow. If anything, Linux and the BSD have never struggled from unsolvable usability or compatibility issues, provided the hardware was chosen carefully, they struggled because they are free, are installable on commodity hardware already sold with other OS and thus aren't taken seriously. I don't agree either. I have been using Linux as a primary desktop for 24 years and I don't have any major issue. I have a lot however, when I am using a Windows computer. Gaming on computers is such an edge case for a tiny fraction of the population, the hardcore gamers. Most people simply don't even have a powerful enough computer to run AAA games anyway and buy a playstation, xbox or switch to play games. And I always had fun playing hedgewars on linux with some friends, thank you. It is funny you mention drivers because: - printing and scanning on my fedora laptops is a totally flawless and transparent experience, only requiring at the beginning to install a package which was pretty quick using gnome software. Doing the same on the windows laptop of my girlfriend required spending 10 minutes getting the correct driver on the manufacturer website, installing the drivers including a ton of random unneeded software, rebooting the laptop and now everytime she wants to print anything she gets some annoying popup windows. - the prior scanner I used for 25y before moving country was still perfectly supported on my linux distributions while the last available driver for windows was for windows 2000. Better hardware support from Linux actually allowed me to use my scanner more than 10y longer than if I had been using a Windows or Mac. Some exotic hardware may not be supported at time of release on linux but all in all if you do your homework before shopping there is no issue. Dunno I consider myself a minimalist (my living room is basically a sofa, a coffee table, hifi and a beamer) and my coffee table is made of wood pallets found in the street. Still I don't consider I am living in minimalism because I am not living alone and I leave alongside a ton of shit from my gf and kids. The living room is basically my only minimalist space in the appartment. I won't go into the PC/MacBook debate but there is a thing about having less, but expensive and durable products, than tons of shit that keeps breaking down and being replaced. That's usually the point. I´ve moved something like 12 times in my life, as a kid, as a young adult, maried man with kids, now divorced one with shared custody. I've lived in studios, appartments, houses, most rented but 2 owned. My conclusion is whatever space you have you might end up using all of it and only because it is available, not because you are using all that shit. I got back to renting close to a large city center because I wanted to get rid of cars and be able to go anywhere with my bicycle, have the kids walk to school , to their friends place or outside without me having to drive them left and right. Leaving in family do not mean you need so much things/space, hobbies don't have to require space. Also a lot of things can be shared with neighbors. I think what is wrong is telling people they will earn cash while the electricity bill will make so that only Norton will get money instead. All this while increasing global warming and energy waste. It may be opt-in but there is just nothing good in it. Huge in money because gamers spend a tons of money on hardware and games. It is not huge in term of % of computing users. Most computers sold are tablets and laptops without any decent GPU. Most people cannot run less than 10y olds AAA games (and many of those usually works well on linux with proton anyway). Aren't developers always using the same version and blindly downloading and running malicious code doing the same thing, running a single version? Only those were harmed. And by harmed it was just really a bunch of tests runs failing, I guess no production workload was impacted by that jerk move. To write and merge code to Marak's version DABH has its own copy so your question makes no sense. Marak could decide to make his repo disappear it doesn't make the local or hosted repos of other contributors disappear. It seems that github managed to distort your mind into thinking that git was no longer a decentralized cvs. Most people don't even know the size of their laptop drive. Only measurement they know is if it is full or not, and it can even take them time to realize this. I don't see where it is not ethical. At any point you can decide to pursue or stop maintaining the code and anyone can decide to fork and take over. It is just naive to think you will always find fun in working on it or pretend you might make a living out of it unless you have a strong business plan. As said earlier, this is a sentiment that is not socially accepted, so you will have a hard time finding examples or people admitting to it. I have 2 daughters, I love them but in hindsight if I had to start over I don't think I would have kids. And it is not necessarily about the money. I realize I give up waaaay to much of my own needs and freedom. It may just be also about how I am. While many people will tell their kids to litterally go fuck themselves (well with different words) while they are watching football or leave them unattended while they go for a bicycle ride, I am one of those who will never say no when my daughters ask me to play or require assistance for some creative stuff. Yes I enjoy doing stuff with them but I'd rather go for a bicycle ride, play music or do carpentry. Thanksfully there are a few things we have in common, like playing basketball. Now that I am divorced and we share custody of the girls, it makes it feel somehow harder, as I can't just get away from my ex-wife. There is always something to negociate/organize. Thanksfully the pandemic has opened a lot of possibilities regarding work from home so I could change employer without having to move to another place but I'd rather use the remote work possibilities to become a digital nomad and travel all over the world. I would also be happy living in a camper moving from place to place every few weeks/months. Having kids while being separated from their mother makes it impossible. > Many, many middle aged people with families actually say they prefer the office because it's impossible to get any work done at home with 4 kids The kids are supposed to be at school pretty much during the same office hours, so I am not sure what you mean. There may be more or less 1 hour of overlap in the morning and late afternoon but that's about it. Morning is usually the times I go through my emails and schedules so I can do that while the kids are taking breakfast and preparing themselves, when they come back home I give them a snack and ask them to do their homework. Sure there is the occasionnal arguig between each other but that is only covering a tiny fraction of my work time. I definitely trade that tiny parenting time against commuting time and I'd rather be at home than finding out they burned the house while I was at the office. It is the ethical problem of those companies, not of the people writing the original code. > The thing that matters most is what the npm project points to, since it is relied on by other packages and apps. And it doesn't really matter that much because the NPM people can decide to make it point somewhere else wherever they want, or people can decide to create a new package name on NPM and use that new name on their package.json file. So Google liberated kubernetes under the Apache License 2.0. Many companies are now relying on it for their workload and we see contribution from other big companies as well. Are you saying that it would be unethical if Google find out they'd now rather work on something newer/better, and stop having engineers contributing to it? I think you are mistaking the GPD Pocket 2 Max with the non Max version. The Max version has a real touchpad while the GPD Pocket 2 has that tiny thing on the upper right. I have the GPD Pocket 2 and while the trackpoint thing is not the most precise you get used to it and I have no complaint to do regarding the hardware. It just works. My first computer connected to internet was the family Pentium 100Mhz with 64MB of ram that ended up retired by my father for a much powerful athlon whatever. It used to run Windows 98. I inherited that one and immediately ditched the Windows 98 as it couldn't allow me to listen to music while browsing and use an office apps, audio was stuttering all the time. This is actually the reason I started using linux. I remember internet was usable at 100Mhz back in the days, I could play some videos (obviously at a much lower res, I was using a CRT). The funny things is some of the apps mentionned here already existed at the time so it resonnate with my experience, although back in the days I tended to prefer apps running on terminals unless it was absolutely necessary. Emails, music player, I was a terminal for all of that. My computing life was not that different than today bar the videos resolution increase. And the web wasn't less interesting or usable. It is incredible how crap internet has become that we can't reasonnably think we can browse it comfortably on what would have looked like a supercomputer at the time of my 100Mhz Pentium. Some people like Gnome. I like using gnome on my Lenovo Yoga as it is as efficient being keyboard driven as it is using the desktop as a tablet. I think there is a case about using day to day the product they want to improve, but there is also a case about knowing how competitors are doing it. The hardest part I think is working and sharing work 2 different systems at the same time. Not that the technical solutions do not exists, but muscle memory will always make that one system end up feeling unbearable and it might not because it is worse but by resistance to change. It all comes down to the time you are willing to dedicate in learning something new. For most of the stuff that runs on windows and mac there are alternatives on linux, some equal, some worse, some better. I have been mostly a linux users for years. I still have one laptop with a dual boot on windows...for only one use case: music production. Not because there are no music production software available, not because they aren't good, quite the contrary there are fairly decent tools both opensource and proprietary, but because I don't know them well. I only do music as a hobby in my free time and so far I have been too lazy, or more interested in producing music than learning a new workflow. I admit it is mostly about laziness and time to dedicate to something new. I intend to correct that because I don't want to feel forced to use windows, which I mostly hate for anything else, for that. I don't see vanilla kurnetes as complex. It is the whole ecosystem around it that is complex, especially as there are no 2 setups done the same way. Also each third party operator has its own set of pros/cons/limitations/learning curve. This is the reason when you follow a tutorial about how to publish application X using helm on your local kubernetes minikube/k3s whatever setup on your own laptop usually works fine but just doesn't necessarily translate quickly to deploy a production ready working app of your own on your company's managed k8s setup. Nowadays the content is an or embed product placement itself so even if you don't see/hear an ad you are exposed to advertising content when watching/reading/listening to anything. Also before powersteering manufacturers had to do a compromise between ease of use and available grip. Parking a car with wide tires such as a 70's/80's supercar was a real workout. Hence many cars of that era without powersteering had narrowish tires and thus very poor available grip and emergency braking efficiency. Powersteering has allowed cars to have much more available grip and it is not a inherently a bad thing although it comes with its downsides too. Mainly fuel efficiency and overconfidence issue. I wish these kind of cars with touch screen could be optionnally equipped with controllers on which user could assign and customize whatever function they want. Something similar to midi controllers for DAWs full of knobs, buttons and sliders. Search 'Akai midimix' to get an idea if what I am thinking at. > Lutris, PlayOnLinux, Proton, etc. are all really cool. But, if you value your time and security, just keep a dedicated Windows system for gaming. I keep all the things I actually care about or don't want stolen on my Linux system with full drive encryption and I keep a gaming PC that has absolutely nothing I care about on it. The Windows system is never allowed to access my email, credit cards, or anything I care about in any way. I agree with the part about running a dedicated system for gaming. I do the same but for creating music (I am not gaming). On the other hand you don't need to do that on Windows so these tools still are useful. I will add that if you have network segregation and firewalling between your main computer, your dedicated setup (gaming, whatever....) and the potential iot things running in your house it is even better. You can't ask people to use a driving aid and not end up less focused. With advertising, "infotainment" (which is really disguised entertainment), music, oustide environment and passengers it is already hard for a driver to focus on his driving. You can't expect any human being short of people paid for that to keep hands brushing the wheel and feet ready to slam the brakes. Having said that I am not sure most people are safer for cyclists and pedestrians. FSD is in such a bad state right now that the tesla is driving in the streets at the speed 80y old people do. What I saw in a video is a car that drive at a similar pace to a cyclist, it is even much slower in the crossing sections. I don't really understand the fuss about lan port. If you are using a cable, you are probably not anymore in a mobile situation and most of the time you connected the laptop to a usb-c docking station as you also want to plug a screen, keyboard, external pointer, etc. I wouldn't call that "a lot". It is more niche use nowadays and for these kind of use one usually prefer a dedicated tool. Nowadays the datacenter guys would favor a mini laptop like the GPD Micro PC (which also comes with serial port by the way) for example, people working in the field would rather use Panasonic Toughbook lines that also kept serial ports and ethernet. It would be nice if Lenovo still had one or two sturdiers models available with similar I/Os but it makes no sense to have them on all models. For us occasionnal users just having one of those 5 in 1 adapters in the laptop bag is enough. The thinner/lighter form factor is more comfortable most of the time and said adapter can be shared accross different devices. If I do the count I have 5 laptops in my own, 2 personnal, 1 professionnal, the other 2 are used by my partner and kids. I am very unlikely to need to hook a RJ45 cable on all these laptops at the same time. >There are >400 million monthly active Facebook users in Europe today [1]. It is pretty absurd to think that a substantial amount of them would prefer losing access to Facebook over an EU mandate, especially considering most people are likely aware at this point that Facebook is using their data. Most people who rely on it are business, and they stay in to compete with businesses who are also in it. If nobody has access to it they will just rely on other means, their own personnal website, other social medias that would fill the gap... Most individual would be annoyed at first as well, but then all end up migrating to the another thing once the dust settle. More than facebook, this would be more the loss of instagram and whatsapp that would annoy them but they would easily move to telegram and signal. Many non-tech people already have a telegram account for example but don't move out of whatsapp because they are all on it already. Nobody wants to be that guys asking anyone else to abandon the group and move to somewhere else just for the heck of moving. As for instagram, they would quickly switch to tiktok, snapchat or something else that fills the gap. I'd like to think open source and decentralized tool would have en edge but I am very doubtful it would happen. It is always easier to migrate to a single jail cell than being free. Anyway, Facebook/Meta has just filled a form to cover their ass. They aren't threatening to leave EU. If they have to keep and manage the data in EU they will find a way. It will just be costly and hurt their finances hence the obligation for them to mention the riskier route. Yet many also have a telegram account, some also have signal. There is no big move out of whatsapp because people don't see the advantage of moving. but if whatsapp had to disappear one day, people with already a telegram account would quickly redirect their relatives to it. I understand the founders are Terry Pratchett / Discworld fans from the name of the associations. For non french speakers, Deuxfleurs is the french traduction of the Twoflower character appearing in The Colour of Magic, The Light Fantastic and Interesting Times from Terry Pratchett's Discworld books series. You are supposed to look at the road when driving, not a screen full of album arts. Anytime you send something in utf-8 you send an mms if my memory is correct. SMS only works with ASCII and thus english language. I see it as a direct reference to the "for dummies" books. >I'm amazed at how the openbsd community seems to like calling people idiots. Nobody called anyone an idiot. You just missed the direct and obvious reference to the "Complete idiot guides to" series of books which are themselves a reference of the "for dummies" books. Well I am not find of his method, especially about doing a classification of people you would call friends. This is something I would hate to do and would hate feeling others put me in a drawer. On the other hand while local friends can be easy to reach, invite or bump into randomly maintaining long distance friendship is a lot harder to do and require actively looking for that relation to not die. It is ok not to talk to friends every month when they are living far away nor does it diminish your feeling towards them and the pleasure you would have to meet them even if it takes 10y to do so. However if you are not actively maintaining a relation, and that requires some additionnal efforts as it is not natural to reach for people you aren't bumping into every other week/month, you might simply lose trail. It is relatively easy to reach to someone who has social media accounts under his own name and never changed phone number. It requires a lot more of detective work to reach out to people who aren't active on social medias. I have lived in several countries and I had to resort to use linkedin to get back in touch with some of my friends and it can took months for them to reply as most people don't even log on linkedin on a regular basis unless they are actually looking for a job. Some of them I lost complete trail as I couldn't find any social media account either. So automatising your own reminders and force yourself to talk to people you might not reach out on a regular basis, because your local social circle already keeps you busy a lot, is not necessarily a bad thing, even if it feels forced. > How do you manage to lose touch with friends? Did you not miss them? Well yes you can not miss your friend for long period of time because they are far away and a large enough social circle keeps you so busy locally that your mind do not get the opportunity to feel it. Anyone who has been living in different areas/countries lost track to some real friends. There is always a moment when you feel you might want to reach out to them again but sometimes it is too late. Any decent government allowed you to print the qrcode. By the way were I live almost everybody has a smartphone but a lot of people just don't even knew where to find the correct app or how to get access to the covid euro passport from the app as a lot of people have been waiting for hours in front of the medical center to get their cert in paper. Many took a picture of it to present it from their smartphone later. Sounds stupid, you don't pay her salary by using firefox. Did you actually took the time to setup firefox to your liking once? From the above post it looks like you didn't. Pocket is pretty much invisible, especially if you remove the button from the toolbar. The only time I see mentions of the mozilla VPN is when I go to the configuration of an existing container and I see the option to integrate it to mozilla VPN. The problem is not to have a place where to put content, the problem is to have place so big where anyone can just create a new account in a few click without validation. I managed a web forum dedicated to one particular hobby. It was quite popular. Yet simply from spam management we disallowed auto activation of new account. We asked people to reply to a few questions in order to know a bit more about them and their intents. Yes we probably lost a large number of potential users but we actually got the users that were really motivated and not thousands of shadow accounts waiting for activations by bots as before. I guess it wouldn't be out of question for a platform that allow anyone to put content to ask for a mandatory copy of the ID of the user as well as a receipt for a electrical bill or something proving where they live in order to be able to report them to their local authorities if they post bad content. All these measures can be defeated but the amount of content to moderate would be in a much lower scale than when you allow accounts with random names and no validation. By knowing who your users are, where they live and be able to report them to their local authorities if they post bad content. There would still be things to moderate, and people beating the validation system but the traffic of content to moderate would be much lower. You are taking this backwards. - there are more fonts without ligatures than there are fonts with ligatures. - every single OS I can think of include by default a monospace font that do not support ligatures. - there are still a huge amount of terminals which do not support them. - for almost any font that has ligature there is a variant without ligature - there is virtually no way to end up with ligatures without actively looking to get ligatures. - any terminal/editor that supports ligature has a setting for that. - most people do actually like ligatures which is the reason they use those editors/terminal/fonts and want those activated by default. Compare that to browsers having more market share and firefox isn't any more intrusive or less focused at being useful. Chrome is totally shitty in stock form as well unless you love ads and don't care about privacy. It is not like every update break everything. They did one major update that broke a number of extensions and they didn't even do it without prior announcement and time for extensions developpers to adapt them. Appart from them those are tiny changes. You can use one of the forks such as librewolf or any other fork which comes with a firefox already tuned with a more privacy oriented focus. Creative Commons licenses aren't open source licences. Your phrasing is misleading. They are however copyleft as they allow for redistribution and modification and this is the word you should be using. Not everybody got 802.11ac at home already and most people are fine with 802.11n speed for their personnal usage. I would say this is irrelevant for a large fraction of the population. Also not everybody need declarative configuration, especially when talking about a monodevice scope. And a lot of people only get a new access point when they either receive a new router from their providers or change providers. This is not uncommon to have the same wireless access point for a decade or so and people are generally fine with it. Also most people don't even know there are different revisions of the wifi standard and if you say 802.11 they will just look at you with clueless eyes. I am not saying it is ok for any OS to not support it but it doesn't necessarily affect everyone's life. Some work is done on that front though: https://wiki.freebsd.org/WiFi/80211ac I lived in Valais for years without knowing that story but it sure is a good one :-) Well in the case of last name unless those dead peoples was the last one standing with the surname there is always the possibility of a descendant or someone from a different branch of the family name tree commiting bad things. Add to that some people sometimes decide to give a famouse surname as a firstname for their kids. There is a non negligible number of people sporting the Lafayette, Napoleon, Lincoln as first name for example that could do something bad anytime. Edward Shishkin has been the main maintener of reiser4 for years. I guess it is a way to say that the business model is probably not right and they won't last long. But what do I know, I never launched a product. I haven't came accross a single rar file for years. Last was when I was a teenager in the mid/late 90's downloading pirated games/app. Then call it weboob. I am already out --> [] The functionnality of a scrollbar is provided by the touchpad, mouse with wheels , pageUp/Down and search tools so I have never missed it. I don't really understand why you would want to click to have focus on a window. How many times do you really use that ≡ "burger" menu button of firefox in a day really? And after how many times do you end up having learned the keyboard shortcuts? There are only a handful of them that don't have a keyboard shortcut. I don't know a single UI accessible with a keyboard that do not accept Home/End. afaik ctrl+shift+b show/hide you the bookmark toolbar. I think there is none for the ≡ menu nor for settings* which is sad but most submenus are covered. I actually wish I could unmap or change the inspector menu shortcut (ctrl+shift+c) as I often use it by mistake if trying to copy/paste stuff from browser to my terminal. * I actually do ctrl+t then type pref and find preferences in the history usually instead. On those very same program (vim/neovim) come to my mind there are specific shortcuts to go to the start/end. Didn't know that, never came accross one. Not sure I understand the reasonning about adapting an UI for shitty hardware though. Vote with your wallet damit. For a feature you use once every other week/month I don't see it as a resignation. Don't see the point from a UI perspective to show me everything, including features I may never ever use, each time I want to access features used on a more frequent basis.