Isn't #3 what your network is for? Wow, that was sobering. First program was a basic spaceship animation in the 80s. Whoa. Great post. Makes me want to bring these concepts to my CEOand work out our core and cultural competencies. Or, you could use a catch all email address to give every site their own unique email: sitename@yourdomain.com. More outlined here: http://www.mooreds.com/wordpress/archives/219 Then you know who is selling/losing your email address. And pipe those particular addresses to /dev/null Yup, I have had that happen more than once with my company address ( that is hosted with google apps). 17 bucks a month is expensive? I find olark to be inexpensive and effective. No I am not an employee, just a happy customer. Yes, I believe this is pretty much standard practice. Keeps Google from getting confused by duplicate content and sends all the juice from links to one url rather than two. I've found that joining clubs (either informal, like the climbing club I was a member of) or formal (like the Odd Fellows or Masons or Kiwanis) is a great way to meet friends. You still have to deal with the time issues, but at least you don't have tensions of work--and as a plus you get to meet people with different types of employment and age. However, the main issue is that when you are in college and your early 20s, you tend have gobs of time to make friends--once you hit a certain age (or marital status or child status) other activities come first. Might as well celebrate the closeness with your family or your work achievements as kvetch about the difficulty of making friends. I'm in my mid 30s. Yeah, and that's cross browser and available today, in contrast to some of the other CSS mentioned. Short term health insurance doesn't offer much protection, and most accelerators are aimed at a short term commitment. However, I'd think it would be great if an accelerator would act as an umbrella organization, letting startups buy cheaper health insurance while small, through aggregation, even after the initial accelerator commitment is done. Good reasons not to use it: * you are only interested in developing for one platform--ios. * you have obj c and any other language talent in house, but don't have c# talent * you need to use tons of custom native libraries that the framework doesn't have bindings for * you want to avoid vendor lockin So much of this depends on context, some of which you provided. What is your comfort level with these technologies? What would your effective rate be for each of the scenarios? Are there components or databases (sql server) that make particular tech choices more sensible? How much time to tear down and start anew? What pressures or deadlines are you facing from the business? I don't see anything in your explanation that would push my opinion one way or another, which means that you should probably take the long term view and do the rewrite. Here's a post about basics of job descriptions, but it also has some tips for a/b testing your hiring posts: http://katemats.com/benefits-job-description-prove-wrong/ Resumes are for chumps. Don't do it, spend the time getting to know the company you want to work for, or people you'd like to work with. Frankly, I don't want to compete on the basis of my resume! Keywords and biz speak are hard to avoid on these documents. And now that everyone can spray their resume at hiring managers without licking a stamp, sending in a resume really is a waste of time. It almost always has been that way, read 'What Color is Your Parachute' for a taste of job hunting over the past few decades. Get to know someone at the company, do a contract to hire, do a gig, volunteer with someone, even read and comment on a blog or twitter feed of someone in the company. All these are far more likely to lead to conversations that will let you know if you actually want to work there, and if you'll be a good fit. Can I ask what you use it for? Regression testing? A web directory? Here's a post about what data sources Apple is using: http://mobile.theverge.com/2012/6/11/3078987/apple-tomtom-op... I did the same thing, but it was a ticket to Australia and a work visa. One benefit of taking this kind of time off is that it lets you know what you truly love. After a few months of kicking around, reading books in parks, seeing sites and meeting some cool folks, I found myself reading web tech articles. That was an eye opener to me--"hey, I really like this career path!" I found it interesting that he barely touched what I feel is the most important part of freelancing: marketing. Yes, right now you can name your price if you are a good developer, but how do you show that, and how do you evaluate projects? (I know he touched on what kind of clients to keep.) When I freelanced, I evaluated clients on three criteria: * had I worked with them in the past? * did I know anyone who had worked with them in the past? * everyone else If I trusted them or people who had worked with them, it made the engagement easier all around (though you still need a contract!). As far as finding new clients, I relied on word of mouth, which probably didn't lead to as many opportunities as would have occurred if I was more active in various communities, but I was ok with that at the time. Also, I wonder what the author moved on to? Your story proves that sometimes you have to find a bigger crowd and/or a different approach, not that crowd sourcing sucks. Either way, nice work! Hmmm. Interesting post. I might say that the closer community members are, the more the reward or incentive is getting to know the other members rather than fame or money. After all, that is the reward for interacting with offline communities based on close ties like family. Well, except for interactions with that rich uncle /sarcasm. Or, an equivalent statement, if the love you have for the folks is strong enough to survive through the crises. It's easy to love folks when everything is going swimmingly. (BTW, I have no idea what crises, if any, the author and their company have gone through. Maybe that'd be a good post for them?) Go to a meetup in your area. Go to a bunch, in fact. Some focusing on an industry you'd like to freelance for, some focusing on a technology you are familiar with. Talk to people at said meetups. When you find someone looking for what you are offering, do a small project with them. That lowers risk for you and for them. Make sure you have a written contract and set of requirements, and that you know if you are billing hourly or per project. Wash, rinse, repeat. I'd stay away from odesk/elance because you'll be competing on price. I met one client from Craigslist, so you could check there, but I'd limit it to your area, because face to face communication is important. Especially for your first couple of contracts. Also, I'd look for a more senior freelancer to take to coffee for advice on this kind of stuff. You are correct, it is a correlation, not a causation. I think I mentioned that in the disclaimers. It is really hard to control for all the variables (price, motivation of seller, location, who the listing agent knows, what style of home is hot), but all other things being equal, it's better to have more photos for a listing. In fact, since it is one of the easiest things to control (it's a lot easier to snap 25 photos than change the price point of a house) I'd argue it is one of the things home sellers should expect. Would love to hear your suggestions on making this more rigorous. Off the top of my head, it'd be interesting to list a set of same homes twice, once with few photos and once with many photos, and see what the difference in response was. Unfortunately, that is a bit beyond my scope for the time being. Thanks for the joke! I appreciate your comments. I like the idea of option number two, because it still gets to the end goal--a sale. It'd be a bigger project than I want to take on, though. Option number three gauges interest in a scientific manner, but assumes that interest is a valid proxy for the end goal of a sale. I'm not sure how true that assumption is. I've window shopped homes that I had no intention (nor capability) of buying. My employer one had a record day because one of the homes on the site was a football player's and had gotten mentioned in an ESPN blog. In both cases, interest was only vaguely related to purchase capability. Testing all the way to the end of the funnel (home sale) is key, and difficult. This article is from 2009. Here is a TED talk by Sadoway from 2012, if you want a more recent look at the technology: http://www.ted.com/talks/donald_sadoway_the_missing_link_to_... Is open source software a complementary good or a substitute good for developer labor? I think the answer is that it tends to be a complementary good, driving demand for developer labor. Apache, mysql, ror, etc, let more of a company's software budget be paid to labor than would have happened with Netscape server, oracle or some costly 4gl language. There are times when it is a plain substitute, especially when combined with that mechanic you speak of. See http://mikecr.it/ramblings/drupals-golden-handcuffs for more on that. More on complementary and substitute goods: http://www.joelonsoftware.com/articles/StrategyLetterV.html It is interesting that they are looking for someone who can complete an entire product cycle. Maybe looking for flexibility, if they are a consulting shop? Or seniority--someone who can do all that has been around the block? Or maybe they are such a small shop they can't afford specialists? I have been in this full lifecycle role almost my entire career, often as a consultant, and it has benefits and downsides. You are always learning something new and have a wide view of the software world, as well as the ability to really dig into new toes of problems. But sometimes you feel a mile wide and an inch deep. Good points about programmer value, but it's not clear why the author thinks they are underpaid. A reverse caller id app like NumberGuru might be a good idea too. At the end of the post, the advice is "Just pick something and see how far you can get with it." I have to disagree. I wouldn't point anyone who is non technical towards a language that is not memory managed, nor would I point them to a non mainstream language. Why point them to a language where they have to worry about memory allocation. While it is important to understand eventually, for most beginners it is a needless complication and chance to shoot yourself in the foot. Why point them to a non mainstream language whe the number of tutorials, forums and ore resources for help are plentiful with a more popular language. There is tremendous value in learning languages that are wildly different, but for starters, one with lots of support is the best option. Here's a nice post about programming language popularity: http://redmonk.com/sogrady/2012/09/12/language-rankings-9-12... . The languages I would recommend would be in the upper right corner of the graph. Finally, and most important, what did the beginner want to do? If they wanted to write an excel plugin, steering them to objective C would be a disservice, and if they wanted to build a webpage, choosing something like vb would be a bad idea as well. I agree. The data is not the best, but having some data is better than none, as long as the graph is taken with a grain of salt. Great post. I have had several family members and work colleagues get burned by partnerships, but can point to one or two successful pairings. I wondered what the deal was. You present a compelling thesis, and I look forward to finding out what they (the successful partners) think of it. It would have been a stronger article if you could have talked about methods to keep values in sync. That's an interesting point. The way to combat that is with long term relationships. For example, I work as a software developer for a real estate brokerage, and have mentioned the sell side realtor scenario you bring up. The answer is always: yes, it is in the short term interest of the realtor to take the first offer. But in the long term (as they screw more and more people) they will be hurt by this behavior. In fact, there is long term incentive (because, in the US at least, people buy and sell homes multiple times over a lifetime) to get the best deal for the seller, so that they will: * refer the realtor * use the realtor again To bring it back to recruiting, if you had a relationship with the recruiter, and they knew you were going to go back to them in 1 or 5 years when you were ready to move on to your next job, they would have a rational interest in finding you the right job (and the same interests hold true if employers have a relationship with the recruiter). This relationship, if it exists, really turns the recruiter into a headhunter. (Aside, here's my favorite headhunter/recruiting information source: http://asktheheadhunter.com/ ) I found the article interesting because he was talking about how mobile distractions could be better managed: "Now, I’d love for there to be a way for me to know about high priority interrupts – things that actually are urgent. But my iPhone doesn’t do this at all in any discernable way. There are too many different channels to reach me and they aren’t effectively conditioned – I either have to open them up to everyone (e.g. txtmsg via my phone number) or convince people to use a specific piece of software – many, such as Glassboard – which are very good, but do require intentional behavior on both sides." Again, not rocket science, but considering on the production side there are many folks jockeying for attention on your mobile device (download my app, use my app) it is interesting to hear from someone who funds some of those companies that a break is needed. I for one will be interested to follow along as he tries other methods to increase effectiveness of the immediacy of his smartphone "interrupts". I think this is a great idea, though I would have loved for the article to be more in depth and actually had some quotes from one of the 5 teams that have been greenlighted. Autonomy at work can be so very precious. I don't know what kind of programmer I am, but I do know that most of my leaps in productivity come from three sources (I am a web developer): * experience * really understanding what the client or business needs, so I don't spend my time building something that doesn't meet the needs of the user * finding a tool or library that gets 80-100% of the job done rather than me writing the code (my favorite scenario!) I believe there are many domains where the above factors are enough to make you a great developer, though perhaps not a 1000x dev. I ran into many of the same issues, and my company is based in the USA and I was able to get a DUNS number fairly easily. I contrasted this with my experience with google play here: http://www.mooreds.com/wordpress/archives/890 I don't know why Apple makes getting an account so difficult.... Perhaps to filter out fly bynight mobile app developers? I would. it is tedious and time consuming, but not necessarily a lot of effort. Just, as some of the comments imply, a lot of waiting. I can't see it hurting anything, as long as you have the time to fill out a silly form a couple of times. I have an iPad and love it, but haven't bought a single app for it. Sure I use some free apps, bit what is the single most used app? Safari, for, wait for it, browsing the web. It will be interesting to see how today's kids get into content generation with less keyboard experience and I do believe that tablets will rose over huge chunks of the internet user experience--it is just too easy to consume content using one. But the end the open web of google and web search? And the rise of the special purpose app for everything? I don't think so. Not as long as tablets ship with standards compliant browsers. As always, the answer is "it depends". What is your market? Who are your users? It is better to start with the market and problem you want to address, then find out what kind of platforms they possess (and plan to continue to possess) and build for that platform, than to start from the technology side. By "works", I think you mean "brings in more revenue than it costs" aka is profitable. But I think the author brings up a point that it may be hurting the brand unknowingly. just because you can put someone on an email campaign for years because it is super cheap, doesn't mean you are conveying your message well or building a loyal customer. And don't get me started on list sharing. My company uses Olark and loves the integration with gchat. As a developer, I like the Olark API: http://www.olark.com/documentation Hmmm... I don't think that the $50 is going to the hacker. I think that is just the fee for GetHacker to connect the project owner with a developer. See the 'get to work' bubble on the homepage: "Once a project owner decides to pick you for their project, we'll connect you both via e-mail. The GetHacker process is over, and you both can take it from there." which implies that once a match has been made, there may be further negotiation, but it won't be facilitated by GetHacker. To say nothing of running development code against a production database. If there were only two junior folks, what were the senior folks doing? What I think is fascinating is not Ang Lee's determination to last those 6 years, thought that is impressive. It is that his wife and family supported him for all those years (granted, it seems he was providing childcare). And believed in him, to the point of scolding him when he considered switching to a more immediately lucrative career. We should all be so generous to our partners. This just a corollary of the fact that has led some to propose a financial transaction tax: that the stock markets, which used to be focused on providing capital to companies, are now focused on betting faster and with more borrowed money. Hi, Here's more information about the rights of US citizens: http://www.aclu.org/drug-law-reform-immigrants-rights-racial... (I know the ACLU can be biased in their views on constitutional questions, but think the answer truthful.) In general, you don't have to answer questions about your immigration status, though, as the link notes, different "rules apply at international borders and airports, and for individuals on certain nonimmigrant visas, including tourists and business travelers." I agree that it makes sense for Amazon to charge for 3G downloads (at least, at a certain size), but it is counter productive for authors to be incented to publish crappy images. My favorite way to comment the why is to put in a URL to an external bug tracker or wiki. This means more work for the reader, but can really show the back and forth over why a decision was made. I've come across comments like this in code I wrote years ago and being able to quickly review the logic helps tremendously. It's more than just finding your weak points, it's about creative solution finding that resonates with both parties. If Brenda had offered the author unlimited mountain biking time, the author might have left the station. A lower headline number is nice, but the real question is, where is the u-6 rate going? http://www.bls.gov/news.release/empsit.t15.htm Is it better to have access to 50% of talent or 100% of talent? Some startups are 'willing' to hire whoever is best for the job but have invisible (to them) obstacles that may prevent them from doing so. I thought the article explained some of those obstacles well. What a great great post. Sorry, no witty comments to add. Will blogger stop supporting RSS? And the nice thing about gmail is that, if you had to move off of it, you could (as long as they keep the imap interface around: http://webapps.stackexchange.com/questions/417/export-gmail-... ). There may be no feature complete alternatives, but there sure are a lot of email readers out there if you had to move off of it. My understanding is that there are saved stories and meta data that you can't export from google reader (mostly based on comments on this thread https://news.ycombinator.com/item?id=5371725 because I don't use Google Reader and never have). Is my supposition incorrect? Having this kind of experience gives you a tremendous amount of perspective that it is hard to get in any other way. I figure he'll either come back even more passionately engaged in his development career, or take a right turn into a different direction. Either way is fine, of course--the important part is having the perspective and distance to choose wisely. I agree. Here are two (old) essays that really sum up this argument for me: How Microsoft lost the API war: http://www.joelonsoftware.com/articles/APIWar.html and The Location Field Is the New Command Line: http://daringfireball.net/2004/06/location_field Note that both of these articles kvetch about user experience and how the web simply can't compare to native apps, but emphasize that the ease of deployment matters more. Also, note that the app store model obviates some of the deployment difficulties of native apps and makes it almost as easy to install native apps on the phone as it is to visit a web page. What is your definition of 'best'? Unfortunately, this argument (which tends to imply technical excellence should trump all other factors in the success of a technology) has been used in technology for a long time, but frankly, in the end doesn't matter. Ask Betamax, OS/2, etc, etc. Sorry, didn't see it up on the front page. I was actually surprised when the submission went through, this seems like a hackernews dream project (js + git + open source + crowdfunding). He might have misestimated the project scope, so there is still that risk (and perhaps that pads the number?). It's not clear to me what he'd do if it took longer than he thought (return money, finish on his own time, go back to the well for more support)? Wow, full of great advice. The biggest one for me is: acknowledge applicants. I've hired and know what a hassle it can be, but use a system, and respond to everyone. Set deadlines, and if you miss them, acknowledge that. Look, this is a possible team member--why would they believe you'll treat them with respect when they are employees if you don't treat them with respect when they aren't? Basically, it's the golden rule. It's not hard! Or thinking of a friend who might be a better fit for a position, or trying your product/service, or recommending your product/service, etc. The dividends of being kind and humane are pretty amazing. As a tech person involved in a small company (not a startup), I can vouch for this reality, because I see it every day. The tech I bring to the table is very helpful, but the service side of the business is core. There are tons (tons!) of businesses out there that can be made to scale, optimized or otherwise improved through technology, but can be proven out with nothing more than a wordpress blog (or other free, non-custom infrastructure). Definitely. All too often, I'm into building what can be bought (often bought for $0). I'm a developer because building stuff is fun, but it isn't always the right choice for the business. Right. The good agents think long term, not about selling you a house in a month instead of three to get a quick commission. Like any sales job with the possibility of repeat business, the commission matters, but so does the relationship. Disclaimer--I work as a software dev for a real estate brokerage. That said, I've spent some time thinking about whether just changing the laws would have an impact. I think the issue is bigger than this. I think that there are lots of marketplaces have sprung up via the internet, but as far as I know, the significant ones all offer products that have one of these characteristics: * the consumer buys them often [for some definition of often] (airplane tickets) * the product is fungible (books, cars) * the product is relatively cheap (stuff sold on ebay, amazon) All of these characteristics lower the risk of purchase. Housing has none of these characteristics. And I don't know how it could, short of a real manufacturing revolution or more houses built out of shipping containers. I had this exact same pattern for a while! It sounds to me like contracting is worth exploring. When I contracted (for about 7 years), I was exposed to new technologies and business domains every couple of months. I fondly remember about 2 weeks into every contract there was an 'oh sh*t' moment where I realized I was in over my head and running to keep ahead of what the client needed. Of course, that was nicely counterbalanced by the 'aaah' moment about 6 weeks in when things were finally jelling. (I mostly worked on custom web applications and ecommerce and made a decent living working 30 hours a week.) If you pursue this path, you might want to consider going out on your own as a single person consulting company, rather than going through a contracting company. You'll have more control, though less security, and will have a wider scope of project domains. That said, if you are interested in certain types of projects (J2EE, big data) you might find it hard to contract as a one person show. Of course, I don't know what your financial situation is, but if you pursue this, I'd start going to meetups, have about a year of expenses saved in the bank, and read a couple of good books like this one: http://www.amazon.com/The-Secrets-Consulting-Getting-Success... and this one: http://www.amazon.com/exec/obidos/tg/detail/-/027363707X/002... That was an awesome answer. Sometimes constraints clear our thinking, other times we can focus on them to our detriment. I think the how is 'move closer to work', because unless both your home and your work are next to public transit stops, an hour or two commute pretty much requires a car. What a fantastic business model, relying on the misunderstanding of your customers. Does it make sense to look at the linked in API http://developer.linkedin.com/apis and build useful tools on top of the data? Not sure what the monetization strategy would be, or whether it'd be a TOS violation, but some of the features mentioned in the article would be great to have. Anyone know of example of some really big awk apps? The idea of plugging c extensions into gawk is both intriguing and slightly terrifying. Uh, how about having an open conversation between employer and employee on how to foster the employee's growth within the company? I've only worked for a few companies, but when I was hired as a full time employee, there was no expectation I'd be doing the same job forever . If anything, there was an expectation that I'd grow in role and responsibility. Now, being a contractor is different--in that case you typically are hired to perform specific duties, and if the duties change, the contract should be updated to reflect that. Some of the other issues I can see from following Rick's approach): * short termism, especially as you get to the end of your working period * loss of good people as they move on after you fire them * workforce ridigity ("I wasn't hired for that") In short, I appreciate the provocative nature of the post, but see some real fundamental problems in his solution. I think it is great to see some reflection happening in the eclipse community. It's a hallmark of a vibrant open source community. The next question is, what will come out of the reflection? Right. But such understanding will be slow at first, only performing better after years of optimization. We have faced some of the same issues. The app store just isn't as wide open as the web, so smaller players (or those late to the game) don't have the same opportunities. And I need to get stuff done, and learning a new [language/framework/shiny object] isn't always the fastest way of getting stuff done. It is better to be an expert in a few languages rather than a dilettante in many. Of course, the best of all possible worlds is to be an expert in many languages, but that often requires time that gets in the way of 'getting stuff done'. Internship programs also fulfill a similar purpose. See http://www.inc.com/magazine/20070501/column-guest.html for more. Hmmm... I love the idea of planting lots and seeing what makes it--there' just a money/time investment that makes me hesitate (again, "just do it", right?). And what if you plant an invasive perennial? Another similarity is compounding returns, both in terms of skills and 'on the ground knowledge'--the garden you have this year is the sum total of your efforts for previous years as well as your knowledge (unless you move). I think of a 4 hour commute as (at least) a 33% pay cut. Unless you're getting paid to commute. Thanks for the suggestions. The older I get, the more time is my limiting factor, rather than money. I have an guess... was the company in finance? I was an active member of CS in 2004-2005. Never surfed, hosted only once. It was a fine site, so I was sad to read that it had degraded. Here's an undocumented API for 'The Nest' thermostat: http://www.wiredprairie.us/blog/index.php/archives/1442 A quick look at programmable web turns up this... https://xively.com/ You could look at Zoho: http://www.zoho.com/productivity-apps.html That is the only alternative I know. This is a fundamental problem of our time. Perhaps the fundamental problem. I will be interested to see if there's editorial consistency between the books and between the years. That seems like it'd be a lot easier to achieve if there was one voice behind each book. On the other hand, it's not like these guides are novels, so maybe it doesn't matter as much. Absolutely. How many people do a survey of these types of tools, let alone work deeply enough with a number of them to know the warts? I've been in the position to choose bug trackers for two companies I've worked for, and I still don't feel competent to vote. Do you have any links to suggested style guides? Google returns this: http://docs.scala-lang.org/style/ or this: http://davetron5000.github.io/scala-style/index.html but do you have any that you'd recommend? I think the dual license model would have some revenue, because businesses are willing to pay money to make money. I say this as someone who paid for an open source developer to enhance a project. I won't speak for Gexla, but from my experience getting into 'PHP' is far different than getting into 'Wordpress' or 'Drupal'. Unless you are subbing for another software dev, most clients don't care about the language, they care about what business value the software will deliver. For SMEs, I don't think there's any ecosystem out there that compares with Wordpress or Drupal in availability of talent (keeping prices reasonable) and free functionality (making it possible to build a very full featured site quickly). To answer your question directly, I had a couple of years of Java when I did a PHP project (a CRUD system for my book club) and it probably took a few weeks. But I've also worked with Drupal and Wordpress and those take longer to get your head around (Wordpress to a lesser extent)--there are lots of moving pieces, and you have to try multiple plugins to know what will work (and the codebase moves quickly too). I'd budget two months for Drupal, six weeks for Wordpress, and I'd start out with simpler site proposals. OP, keep in mind that this type of work (copywriting, sales, business) is a different kind of fun than coding. Still fun, just different. From your Ask HN text, it does seem like this might be more up your alley, though. Yes, just like twitter/FB/new shiny thing, everything should be a spoke pointing back to the hub, a host (or at the least a domain) that you pay for, and therefore control. You could make the same claim about email. What happens if/when gmail starts charging? All the folks who are using google apps can move, but the people with gmail accounts have fewer (no?) options. Thanks. I am actually looking for something that tweets from my account whenevr I post to hackernews.... to save me the trouble of posting twice. From my friend who is a patent examiner: "The Mexican standoff bit would be neat. The AIA allows for third-party submissions directly into the patent application file. I am not sure that any of the larger companies would do this, but I think a devoted engineer in some of the smaller companies could use askpatents to stave off predatory patents." The tweet is now deleted. It was even more interesting to me as a set of 'canaries in a coal mine'. If you are working for a company and start to see many, or one, of these patterns, it should serve as awake up call. Move on or don't, but be aware of the corporate behavior.