I'd agree with you, if we were talking about something that is even slightly complicated. But it's not. Searching with the old-school Google syntax is asking the question "what documents contain these words X Y Z?". It's not that hard, in fact very easy, to wrap your head around that. It's easier than looking up a phonenumber in the phonebook, or a business in the Yellow Pages. It's even easier than using the term index in the back of a book. While asking a question might be easier than that still, it also has disadvantages. It's impossible to ask an exact question on a very specific subject. Try it in real life. You'll find you need context, or at least a series of back and forth questions to arrive at the answer you want to have. If a search engine would implement the same method, any advantage from using questions over a conjunction of terms is negated. People would get tired of typing long question phrases, and unless the natural language processing of the search engine is absolutely perfect, they'd get pretty frustrated quickly because the search engine would interpret some of the questions wrongly. For simple queries like "where can i find a recipe for blueberry pie?" or "what is the capital of Denmark?", we already have seen search engines can do this pretty well. For anything more complicated, they fail sometimes, if not most of the time. It's not that hard for people to search "recipe blueberry pie" or "capital Denmark" as you think, either. People can get used to barking commands like this quite easily. Look at Star Trek ("earl grey, hot") or many other scifi series featuring a semi-intelligent computer. People almost expect it to communicate in terse phrases like that. The big advantage, also for the layman, is that a conjunctive term query will nearly always yield the result they were expecting, because it doesn't leave much room for ambiguity. And if it does, it's when query terms hit a range of documents that weren't intended, but still match, again I refer to scifi, as well as fantasy, it may be frustrating, but it's also somewhat endearing (putting the user in a position of superiority) in the sense of an intelligent robot taking a request too literally. Or a genie in a bottle. Or an ET alien. Or commander Data. Or whatever. On the other hand, if the computer interprets a full question in the wrong way, people get more annoyed, because the "too literal" explanation doesn't work here, after all, you typed a complete sentence, it should be obvious what you meant, right? So instead, people get the idea that the computer is simply not listening. And that makes it a lot harder to come up with a "better" question that would give them the answer they need. Now, of course, as soon as search engines are able to do perfect language processing, as well as guessing a whole lot of additional clues from whatever bits of context they can get, typing questions into a search engine might be the better and easiest way. But natural language processing isn't really going there any time soon. Just look at the search engines that try this, how well they are doing now compared to how well they were doing 5 years ago, and there's not much progress made. On the other hand, in the area of text-query processing, organising of data, cataloguing data, we have made tons and tons of progress. There's tagging, social network friends recommendation, and vastly superior methods of indexing large amounts of text documents for logical queries. > In search engines, it's more valuable for your users to not have to learn how your algorithm works in order to craft a search query that will satisfy their needs. Well, yes. But in this case it's not an algorithm. You just ask it for documents containing your search terms. It's about as straightforward as it gets. It's not computer programming, it's not even doing long divisions or whatever. You can't seriously assume that method of searching is going to completely stump anyone. > It's valuable to be able to use natural language to search. Maybe you're forgetting here that not the entire world speaks English. Unless your natural language search engine is able to understand nearly every language in the world, you're still forcing the users to formulate a query in English. And I'm willing to argue that for, say, your average middle-aged German, formulating a query in English is going to pose a much bigger problem than doing a conjunctive term search, as the latter carries transparently to most languages in the world. (not all of them--I should check which ones btw--but even in those cases it's not nearly as difficult to find a fix for that than it would be to somehow port your brilliant semantic context analysis engine to be able to speak yet another completely different language). Give it a couple of decades, maybe we'll have usable NLP then, but before that time, I am convinced that even for the layman, searching for documents to contain certain terms is a lot more straightforward, likely to yield desired results and in quite a few ways actually easier to use than what has to pass for NLP currently. > BitTorrent is to movies what "bolt-cutters are to stealing bicycles" ummmmmm ... how does this analogy work? Bolt-cutters are to stealing bicycles , a tool that facilitates and simplifies an activity. So the analogy goes, BitTorrent facilitates and simplifies movies . I think they left out a verb and meant to say " BitTorrent is to watching movies what bolt-cutters are to stealing bicycles". I dig--if you're going to use an informal expression and risk being completely dated within half a decade, why not pre-empt the retro wave with WHY ELSE IS THIS GROOVY? > the time taken to compute the additional hash functions outweighs any gains in performance. Sounds like you're using the wrong hash functions. Are you using secure cryptographic hash functions perchance? (such as MD5, SHA, etc) Because they're not intended for use in data structures. Most data structure algorithms just require a hash function with good avalanche behaviour and a statistically even bit dispersion. The FNV hash will do this for you with just a MUL and a XOR per byte, which is (rough guess) at least 100 times faster than SHA. FNV hash ( http://www.isthe.com/chongo/tech/comp/fnv/ ) it's super-effective! I don't understand. What's the point of it? You need a laser to make it work, so what's the gin got to do with it? Aren't they just making a laser out of another laser, while having a beverage at the side? Is this article a joke or something, it's not April fools yet? If it's not a joke, it's one of the most meh articles on something that could potentially be interesting. The title is misleading--it's neither DIY nor a "How to". If it was really DIY, they would have had a couple of pictures of what the final set-up looks like. My guess is that they did not do it themselves. So the entire article is bullshit. They have nothing to say about the subject. Maybe it's possible to build a Gin-n-Tonic laser, I don't know anything about the subject, but this link fails to tell me anything, except how not to write an article about it. > You can choose to l33tify different combinations of letters in the password. passw0rd may be in the dictionary, but is p4ssword, or pa$$word? yes they are. well, actually, password cracking software (most used is Jack the Ripper) comes with a bunch of commandline tools that allow you to do substitutions and common variations to your password lists. generally, when trying to crack a specific target, you start with a few "seed" password lists (common passwords, but also lists of target-specific jargon), and then apply the transformation tools on those to expand your lists. say you'd want to crack accounts at an aviator forum, you'd include a list of airplane types and aviation jargon. then you'd apply the transformation tools, and you'll end up with boeing Boeing b0eing Bo3!ng, etc. check this guy's blog, he writes about how it's (usually) done: http://www.skullsecurity.org/blog/2010/the-ultimate-faceoff-... (analysis of leaked password lists) http://www.skullsecurity.org/blog/?s=ripper (describes Jack the Ripper in these articles) oooh, I especially like the cicada thing (aka multiple backgrounds with co-prime dimensions). Lots of interesting possibilities there. I have an idea, but I'm not sure if it would be a security risk. Let the user pick a username to go with the ID provider. When you fill in the username, it'll look up (AJAX) which provider was used and offer/highlight that one? The question is, is it a security risk if anyone can type in any username to find out which ID provider it is used with? Thanks for that link, it's exactly what I have been (not very actively) looking for (in the back of my mind) for quite a while now :) That data-retention law is for the entire European Union. 6 months is the EU minimum, but for some reason the Netherlands decided to require triple that. I bet some idiot politician thought it must be "extra secure" ... :-/ buggy as fuck in Opera. A friend of mine is in this list. And he didn't download anything. (I know for sure because he's a vocal proponent of copyrights) Beautiful! I especially love the bits near the end, where they apply it to oldskool Windows 3.1 icons :D Well, in the paper they do describe some heuristics for separating figure and ground. Additionally, a lot of old videogame machines have special built-in routines to place sprites over a background. So if you'd apply the vectorizing algorithm separately for the sprite drawing routine--by not just processing the entire screen after it's rendered, but doing the elements separately--you'd at least not run into the problem that lines from foreground sprites meld with background details. Great point. I noticed the same thing. First you get your Google Apps account, and then the passwords for the other accounts are mailed to there, then two weeks later you find that one of the systems has been replaced in favour of another one. Indeed tedious and error-prone. And that's just from the employee's point of view, the administrator having to create all these different accounts is probably even less happy about it. Asking "how people many have ever X or Y happen to them?" is downplaying the actual risk when obviously the risk has been increasing in the past year, half-year or so. Yes, if you look at the risk of a US government raid on servers, domains, or what-have-you in the past 5-10 years , you can fairly compare it to a meteor strike or a "freak incident". But things are changing, incidents and "collateral" are increasing, and if you look at just the past half year, you'll find it's gone from a meteor-strike level probability to a very small but definitely not dismissable chance. I just happened to wonder yesterday whether there actually was any scientific data on whether the golden ratio is actually significantly more pleasing than other ratios. Turns out there isn't much data, and of what there is, it doesn't always point at a significant preference for certain ratios. And even where it does, and then where it actually points near the golden ratio, it's inconclusive whether people prefer 1.5, 1.618 or 1.666. But yeah they do turn up in nature over and over again. The "aesthetically pleasing" bit is just something that's been repeated for centuries, swallowed without thinking. So if there actually were a preference, that sounds like a good explanation. Doesn't really mean it works the other way around, though. also see: http://plus.maths.org/content/os/issue22/features/golden/ind... http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Busybox "You need to fill in an earlier year here, otherwise Google's computer will think you're too young to use GMail [and might throw away your email at some point]" It's important to be clear that you're lying to a computer system, not another human being. Because God is a crazy woman and his name is Eris. > if all you're doing is basic event handling and you know how the DOM works for other things, it really isn't much trouble to include this and a couple other small functions in a one-off, and is far preferable to including a hefty all-purpose DOM abstraction library like jQuery or MooTools. Why is that far preferable? So you can throw out all that extra code as soon as your events have to actually do something, and you decide you do need jQuery? :) To be honest, I do the same thing. It starts off as a small project one-off, and I think nah I don't have to include jQuery for something small if I just code these tiny DOM helper functions. And there hasn't been a single time, when after an hour or so of coding, I didn't wish I had started out using jQuery right away :) But sometimes then it's already too far, easier to just kludge along and finish the task than include jQuery and rewrite all the code so far to use it. So how's this preferable again? Well, reading the actual explanation page by the author of libupskirt, it's obvious she's not upset by being tricked into using that name, but she's upset because of the reactions of other people to that name. She's quite clear she "did know the sexual and voyeurism connotations of the word “upskirt”", but she was caught completely surprised by the shitstorm created by people that felt offended by it. So if you're looking for blame, blame the white knights on their high horses of political correctness, for giving somebody so much shit over what could have been just a childish joke [like there are many others, as pointed out ITT], that she just wanted to quit and have nothing to do with the entire shitbasket anymore. Just read it. Even after knowing exactly what it meant, her horror is at the reaction of the angry PC mob, that is making this word out to be much worse than the harmless innuendo she intended it to be. This woman is clearly intimidated, so much she's making blanket apologies left and right and just wants this to be over. But ask yourselves, who's she intimidated by? > Does conversion mean I sold something? Yes, in the context of cold-calling, that's exactly what it means. Generally, it means achieving your goal. And while in 100% of your phonecalls you are well on your way of getting to that goal, your goal is getting them to pay for your services, not allowing you to give them another sales-pitch (which is what you achieved). hee skrebbel! :D see this http://img846.imageshack.us/img846/7413/2008usincomedistribu... I had to massage a whole bunch of numbers from bls.gov to get this histogram (huge list of annual income per county per occupation group), it's not exactly the kind of data they like to publish :) Of course this is 2008, mostly before the recession. Would be interesting to see if they got new data and how it changed. And this is for all occupation groups, computer programmers are of course on the higher end of this graph. And yeah, depending on where you are in the US, things you'd expect to be cheap in the supermarkets here generally tend to be a bit more expensive. Also because they always list the prices excluding VAT [in most states]. If they list the prices correctly, or at all. And actually charge you the same amount at the checkout. Outside of supermarkets, prices seem reasonable, until you find you need to pay 15-20% in tips because waiting staff doesn't get minimum wage [in most states] and it's up to the customers to make sure they don't starve. So yeah, not very developed after all :-) [also: healthcare. unless you're rich you get none. half the people on the street walk around with visible ailments of some kind. but I'm getting OT] A bottle of coke, however, is much, much cheaper than over here. Also, bigger. groetjes - ritz "Look what they made me do" is such a pathetic excuse. > you have to give him props for admitting his weaknesses. Um, no. No props for simply admitting his weaknesses. Props are for succeeding in controlling them, and for having shown that one actually does more than just going "look at these weaknesses in me these students are triggering in me with their terrible behaviours". Props for just admitting weaknesses has a good chance of making people go complacent and "look, I'm just not good at XYZ and therefore I have to be an asshole", instead of working to improve. > If I were getting a 50% increase in my salary for detecting cheating so aggressively, next year I would have tried to detect cheating even when there is none. Wow. While a 50% salary increase is quite substantial, admitting that you'd hypothetically frame your students in order to get it is ... well it's definitely below cheating in my book. > If you can reliably A/B test properly encoded 160kbit mp3s you have exceptional hearing and you should lend your services to the lame tuning team ASAP. there's a difference between being able to reliably distinguish them for any kind of track, and occasionally noticing compression artifacts in certain parts of certain tracks. the first ability would indicate exceptional hearing and material for the Lame tuning team, while the latter probably means you're useless to that tuning team, but you will still get less enjoyment from lower bitrate streams, some of the time. I'll have to check those hydrogenaudio forums to see what "properly encoded" exactly means, btw. Because if, as you said above, encoders are just too good above 96kbps [for people to tell the difference], those must be some pretty sweet magic presets, cause I haven't been able to get that quality at such bitrates when encoding mp3s or ogg myself. It's not that I don't believe it btw, from what I've seen the hydrogenaudio people know what they're talking about. It's surprising though, that apparently some commandline switches can make such a world of difference. However, what is relevant to this discussion, is not how a 160kbps mp3 sounds when "properly encoded", but how a 160kbps ogg sounds when encoded the way Spotify does it [which may or may not be optimal]. And to determine whether people are making a big deal out of something they ultimately can or cannot hear, they don't need to be able to reliably A/B test everything, it's enough if they are able to notice the lower bitrate some of the time for some tracks, even a littlebit is already enough to get that itchy feeling you are not quite getting what you paid for, and that alone can put a big damper on your enjoyment of the entire stream (even the parts that sound just fine!). That would be the national park in Indonesia. The monkeys are obviously under-aged. http://timecube.com/ - high contrast? check. - giant letters? check. - readable? ummmm ... That said, it's a good suggestion, but the giant letters make this site hard to read on my 1024x600 netbook screen. And they did mention readability on smaller screens. > if everything was high contrast, everything would be SCREAMING AT YOU FOR ATTENTION Simply not true. There's many more factors besides contrast that determine attention focus. See this excellent series on gestalt principles of design: http://www.andyrutledge.com/gestalt-principles-1-figure-grou... (it's five parts you need to click to get to the other 4) Also see http://24ways.org/2007/typesetting-tables which shows a very nice way of adding structure to a table using contrast, instead of making everything scream for attention equally. (Additionally, the site used a different layout when this article was written in 2007, and currently it seems 24ways is a good example of low-contrast crappy readability :) ) The demographic "threat" Bawer and others constantly go on about is massively overhyped. Basically, every Muslim in Europe would have to have equal amounts of kids to those in Palestine and Yemen (two of the highest birthrates in the world) consistently for the next 50 years, while all of Europe would have to suffer the kind of demographic decline Russia has supposedly suffered (I doubt the official statistics, but you know the ones I mean) during the same period. It's a statistical impossibility, in other words. Except that he didn't do the killing to promote his manifesto (I thought that was a bit weird in Anonymous' statement), he did it to harm the Norwegian Labour Party. Quite successfully, unfortunately. Those kids in the camp, especially the older ones, were probably going to fill the ranks of the real Labour party later on in life, politicians of the future. Now their future intelligentsia is either dead or suffering PTSD. (also remember that Norway is rather thinly populated) That was his goal. To hurt the Labour party, and he hurt them bad. You realize this email discussion dates from 2003, right? > Why exactly is a vandalized apartment leaving her homeless? Is it too damaged to occupy? Does she simply not feel safe there? Yes and yes. I'm assuming you've never had your appartment broken into and ransacked. And reading EJ's story, it's somewhat worse than your average break-in-plus-digging-for-valuables. Same for the guy in this article, seems about just as bad. My initial thought was "sounds like the same people", but more likely the common denominator is "meth-crazed junkie binge". If there's one thing you can blame EJ is that her stories are a bit of the rambling-longwinded-trying-to-be-a-writer-please-get-to-the-point sort. But that's neither here nor there. What I don't quite understand is, I read that in order to prevent under-the-table deals (where AirBnB wont get commission), AirBnB won't let you communicate with the guest until just before they go there? Anyone got some details on that? Cause if that's so, they DO have some responsibility to make sure these people are trustworthy, preventing the subletter from finding out themselves. Maybe not legally, but definitely practically, ethically and not-being-a-bunch-of-dicks-ically. No. Even if she didn't "lawyer up", she wouldn't return to her home for feeling unsafe until everything is cleaned up and restored. Especially since she got friends and family to stay with. Especially since she's probably waiting to see how much AirBnB will reimburse her. And especially cause she's probably going to find a new place to live after all this and I wouldn't blame her. They defiled and shat on her home . Now if she did "lawyer up", and her lawyer advised her to do pretty much the same thing, then it's all the same, right? So what's your point? That she's exaggerating the condition she found her home in? Really? > She chose to be homeless. >Any rational person would have changed the locks and moved on by now. Wow. You're an idiot. Another person that has apparently never have their house broken into and ransacked. Add to that her home is in no state to live in. Add to that the restorations can't start until first the police were done, and second AirBnb has stated how much they will reimburse. Well, Troy provided pictures but probably EJ's nearly-identical story must be false. Right? Metal doors are not really useful if all the houses are made of wood. Seriously. I don't get it either, there was this fairytale about the big bad wolf, but I guess they must all think "hey at least it's better than straw", or something. It's a really strange experience. You don't notice until you see the first solid stone house after two weeks of flimsy wooden cottages, it's a feeling, solid. "Stands like a house" is a saying in Dutch, meaning "solid as a rock", except in the USA it wouldn't make much sense :) Why, when I was a young programmer we had to write the code in the snow with our pee, and a compiler was just a word for the pilot of the hovering dirigible that read the instructions and passed them to the ALU, which was another fellow with an abacus. They would wrap the results around a rock, and drop it on my house when the program would exit. We had to walk uphill... > I generally like the way Google does advertising (disclaimer: I work for Google). It doesn't get in your way (except in some cases on Youtube). > It pays for a lot of great services that are free to the end user (search, GMail) and Google clearly separates organic search results from paid promotion. Got any links/reports to back that up? Which ads pay for what parts of what great services? Cause it's a wonderful assumption, except the "great services" you quote hardly have any ads on them, but they are everywhere else, where they do (sort of, sometimes), get in your way. I'm just saying. Google's advertising profits are quite mysterious. And possibly rightly so, they are a company, after all, and it's probably in their best interest not to share that data. Except it refers statements about what great services their advertising crap exactly pays for to the realm of pure speculation. > Do you have any thoughts on using Crystal Light to make water taste less terrible? That's the zero calorie flavoured carbonized spring water, right? I'd guess it's definitely a step up from soda :) Artificial sweeteners may (or may not) be questionable, but my intuition (not research, sorry) says their health effects should be rather small in comparison to the huge effects of generally healthy eating and skipping sodas. Additionally, water tastes terrible depending on where you are. I found that places such as Turkey, Spain or New York are horrible cause the water is heavily chlorinated. Other places may not be chlorinated (rare) or just well below the taste threshold. In addition there can be many other factors that can give tap water an "off" flavour. I'm lucky that my tap water tastes great (can't tell a difference with bottled water--which I consequently only ever buy when I'm on the road and I need water, in a bottle :) ). One time when I was in the US though, somebody brought a decanter (?) with a built-in activated charcoal filter, and I was amazed, the previously slightly-off slightly-chlorinated tap water tasted great!! [additionally you keep the decanter in the fridge so it's chilled] In case you find just water too boring, squeeze a few drops of lemon or lime in it. Or even better--and this is absolutely great--crush a few fresh mint leaves in your decanter (or bottle), sooo subtle, but definitely no longer "just water". One thing, the other guy said beans, rice, pasta, potatoes, nuts, vegetables and dairy should be the staple of your food. That's correct, though I'd try to focus on the nuts vegetables and dairy, don't go overboard on the starches. And if possible, get whole-grain rice and whole-grain pasta. It does taste different, but it's a world of difference for your body, the "white" version is just simple starches that get converted to sugar very quickly (which is why athletes eat it), whereas the "whole" version is much slower, and the fibers are good for pooping. It's the difference between healthy food that probably still makes you gain some weight and food that doesn't. Additionally, I read that dairy isn't particularly healthy or unhealthy and that skimmed versus whole-fat hardly makes any difference whatsoever. So if you like it, go ahead. Oh except yoghurt. It's got those probiotic beasties in them, which is extra plus good for you. I suggest you try and find some nice 10%+ fat Greek yoghurt and try a few spoons just plain. The really fat stuff is actually pretty damn good. And I think somebody already mentioned it, but in terms of sugar content, 100% fruit juices are nearly just as bad as sodas. Real shame, that, I used to think they were healthy :) I still like a glass of OJ before breakfast though. No, tofu tastes like nothing unless you saturate it with marinade or something. Courgette actually has flavour. But just like white mushrooms, they'll be (nearly) flavourless chunks if you just throw them in a sauce and practically boil them instead of frying. You need to fry them, get them just slightly brown on the edges to get the flavour out. I had some off the BBQ yesterday and I was amazed how delicious they were. Cut them in long strips, bit of olive oil, and grill them. Season with a tiny bit of pepper and salt. Then, maybe your courgettes are flavourless, it can very well be. It's like that with tomatoes over here, and then I get to Italy and mmm These are three-dimensional slices made by varying certain parameters pertaining to the classic Z^2+C mandelbrot set. This is nothing new, except for varying the exponent, which indeed I had not seen before. Pretty pictures, though :) In the search for the "real" 3D mandelbrot, which recently lead to the discovery of the "Mandelbulb" fractal, the goal was to find a three-dimensional object with as much visual complexity as the classic Mandelbrot fractal, and which does not have mostly regions all stretched out like taffy. Especially the latter requirement is a problem with most "naive" representations of 3D Mandelbrot or Julia fractals. They're all stretched and skewed, and in some sense that's pretty, but it's a completely different type of "pretty" than the amazing spirals, flowerheads and branching lightning forks that are found in the classic 2D Mandelbrot and Julia sets. This is why people were so enthusiastic about the Mandelbulb fractal: Even though some regions of it were stretched and skewed like the previous attemps at 3D Mandelbrot fractals, there were also many, many regions that, for the first time actually did show three-dimensional romanesco broccoli flowers, organic spiral staircases and all sorts of amazing 3D visual complexity. And as described near the end of the (wonderful) essay on the Mandelbulb* it is not considered "the Real McCoy" 3D Mandelbrot set, not just because, as the author of this article implies, it is not mathematically elegant enough, but rather because the Mandelbulb still contains "smeared 'whipped cream' sections", and that the power-two version isn't as interesting (they mostly investigated the power-eight Mandelbulb). And also that (as far as anyone's found) it doesn't contain copies of itself, like the classic 2D Mandelbrot. So, the blog-article's author's implication that his is the "real" 3D Mandelbrot set, specifically referencing the Mandelbulb fractal, is just plain inaccurate. The sorts of structures he created, while again, pretty, are exactly the kinds of structures that the people that discovered the Mandelbulb fractal (and a whole bunch of other 3D fractals along the way) were trying to avoid . So it's definitely a step back, and frankly I was a littlebit disappointed when I got to the end of the article, finding he had really done nothing more than what I had been doing 14 years ago with FRACTINT and POV-ray. It took many days to render and the smeared chewing gum shapes were sorely disappointing :) What's wrong with the smeared whipped cream taffy structures? Well, for starters, the classic Mandelbrot and Julia sets don't have them at all . Second, the Mandelbrot set's iteration starts at Z=0+0i. This value is not arbitrarily just the origin, it's the point where the derivative of the formula is zero (or something like that, correct me if I'm wrong). The result of this is, for different kinds of polynomials or formula, you may need a different starting point than 0+0i in order to get the "correct" Mandelbrot set corresponding with the Julia sets of the same formula. Guess what structures such a Mandelbrot set often looks like if you picked the wrong starting point? It contains a lot of smeared stretched taffy-like regions. * http://www.skytopia.com/project/fractal/mandelbulb.html and in particular http://www.skytopia.com/project/fractal/2mandelbulb.html#epi... > I figured they weren't new, but couldn't find preexisting discussion of them. Is there a name for them? Not that I know of. Most of the 3D slices objects are Quaternion julia sets, which I suppose you already are familiar with. I used to explore fractals using the oldskool DOS program called FRACTINT, which had an extensive hypertext-like documentation system, maybe they have something: http://www.nahee.com/spanky/www/fractint/findex.html#search_... ... I think what comes quite close is what they call a "julibrot" type fractal, which consists of layered julia fractals: http://www.nahee.com/spanky/www/fractint/juliabrot_type.html It's not as pretty as your renderings, though. But remember the Fractint software is decades old :) Also see the other skytopia link below, where he explains his attempts at making a 3D Mandelbrot before the Mandelbulb was discovered, and why he considered those other 3D Mandelbrots not "the real thing". > I suppose the aesthetic shortcomings are what most people are concerned with, though some people, such as myself, were disappointed by how mathematically arbitrary it is. Yes, I can completely understand that. Personally, I care about both. I truly think that the shapes you get when making 3D slices of mandelbrot/julia parameter space are too warped, stretched and unrecognizable. I suppose the biggest problem I have with them is that the stacked taffy-like chewing gum structures actually obscure the familiar beauty of the spirals/coral/tree structures. They are still in there, but only if you know how to slice the object, from the outside it looks like a (very complex and beautiful in its own way) tangled mess. And that is the problem that I think the Mandelbulb solves beautifully. Even though the maths are sadly arbitrary. The sheer visual overkill of eyecandy does tip the scale for me, in the short term, but it doesn't mean we shouldn't keep looking for something that is mathematically more "right", and possibly even prettier. > The sad thing is that most people don't even understand the math behind the Mandel* sets enough to be able to care about such things. Well, you wouldn't be able to implement a Mandelbulb, or even come up with the formulas for it without a good solid understanding of complex math. In fact, the Mandelbulb formulae went slightly over my head [I could probably understand them if I took a bit more time, though]. > >So, the blog-article's author's implication that his is the "real" 3D Mandelbrot set, specifically referencing the Mandelbulb fractal, is just plain inaccurate. > Again, it would seem that this would depend on the metric you apply. Yeah sorry I think I wasn't quite clear. I got the idea that you were trying to improve on the Mandelbulb fractal. And the Mandelbulb fractal's formula was designed with the purpose of producing the same visual complexity in 3D as the classic Mandelbrot does in 2D. They already realized that just using Quaternions or stacking the parameters the way you have done, results in stretched-taffy objects that lack any of the visual beauty of the classic Mandelbrot. They felt that this couldn't be the "right" 3D representation of the Mandelbrot. As you can see, they already went there, and tried loads of variations: http://www.skytopia.com/project/fractal/mandelbrot.html So where I got confused is that you started out referencing the Mandelbulb project, and I assumed you had the same goals as them but did a better job at it. And as you can see from the above article, it's almost as if you retraced their steps backwards, than if you actually improved the Mandelbulb. I think that is a good addition. If I may make one more suggestion, is that you state at the start of your article, how your goal differs from that of the Mandelbulb project: that you seek for mathematical elegance, while the Mandelbulb project first and foremost went for finding a 3D visual equivalent of the classic Mandelbrot shapes. About skipping sections: the only bits that I skipped were the bits that I already knew :) I did love the visualisations of transformations in the complex plane, however. Very nicely done. I did not understand what you were trying to say with the animated GIF about branches being arbitrary. Obviously something about the complex square root having two solutions, but how that relates to the image with rotating colours isn't quite obvious to me. Also the part about the operations on sets isn't as clear as it could be. It's very intriguing though, yet another way of thinking of complex numbers that I didn't know yet :) I think it would become a bit clearer if you'd add axes to the image. Even better if you can also put angles (0, pi/2, pi, ..) in it. BTW one very cool way in which complex numbers were explained to me when I was 16, does explain something you gloss over a bit in the "complex analysis" section. Why is the imaginary axis perpendicular to the real axis? The way it was explained to me, is to think of the (real) number line, and how a multiplication by -1 is visually the same as a rotation by 180 degrees around the zero. Now what if you'd decide to rotate 90 degrees instead? Such a crazy idea! You'd get a second number line. Let's call a rotation of 90 degrees to multiply by i. So if we multiply 3 by i we get 3i, and if we multiply it again, it rotates 90 degrees further and we get -3. So that means 3 * i * i = -3 and i * i = -1, so i is the square root of minus one! Insanity! (the 16 year old me was giggling like a madman at this point) (so yeah the explanation I got kind of started the other way around, with the 90 degrees angle first, and only "discovering" that this implied the square root of minus one after that) Aha, here is where the skytopia guy explains what is wrong with the "whipped cream taffy structures": http://www.skytopia.com/project/fractal/mandelbrot.html --------- This type is based on fractals in 4 dimensions using Quaternion math. Despite the complex sounding theory though, we can see that the detail is effectively one or two-dimensional with the 3rd dimension being turned into a whipped cream smoothie. I have my doubts that the 4th dimension fares any better. Looks tasty though. (Note that these images are in fact based on the Julia set, which is closely related to the Mandelbrot). --------- I can get behind that, even though the chewing gum strings are bent and curved in 3D, the detail is smeared across one dimension, it's very similar across the curve and doesn't vary much. So in some sense, you can't "really" say that it's got 3D detail. That's a little bit strong IMO, because all the curves are at different angles from eachother, so they do form a kind of detailed fractal shape as a whole, but the awesome spirals and coral shapes are lost as mere ridges in the taffy strings. So it's not quite only aesthetics he's been looking for, but also a fractal that really does exhibit detail uniformly in all 3 dimensions. original author: you should really click around on skytopia's site more, turns out he even explored the exponent as the third axis like you did! (about halfway down http://www.skytopia.com/project/fractal/mandelbrot.html ) http://www.downforeveryoneorjustme.com/flickr.com I think it's just you. Stupid sensationalist headline. This guy's problem seems to be mostly that he can't help himself smearing his sensitive PI all over the Internet, everywhere he goes. And he's right, if that's your handicap, a password manager is probably the right crutch. Not saying a password manager isn't a very useful, convenient and most definitely secure tool otherwise, but wow . Doesn't he realize you don't need to give every website every little tidbit of information they ask you? Or that if they do require it, you're allowed to lie your tits off? And that you really don't need to re-use the same account over and over again if you buy at the same place? And finally, that if some business does require all this information about you, as well as requires it to be true and unique, you probably shouldn't just suck it and bend over, unless, possibly it's your bank and you really don't have choice? This is just bad personal information hygiene, yuck. > I stopped cold-turkey before and went a whole year before joining my new job and free soda was too big to pass up. Free soda at work?? Do they really not care about their employees health at all? Caffeine is one thing but having your employees guzzle HFCS throughout the day ... does the job come with a healthcare plan? That covers diabetes? :) This has been my experience with decaf as well. Really surprised me when I found out, too. (when someone told me I'd been drinking decaf for the past few days) > Scientists and naturalists have discovered the Fibonacci sequence appearing in many forms in nature, such as the shape of nautilus shells, the seeds of sunflowers, falcon flight patterns and galaxies flying through space. What's more mysterious is that the "divine" number equals your height divided by the height of your torso, and even weirder, the ratio of female bees to male bees in a typical hive! (Livio) Except that most of this is simply not true: http://www.lhup.edu/~dsimanek/pseudo/fibonacc.htm It's a very tasty popular myth that people like to repeat, that there's a magical sacred golden constant producing all the complexity in nature and more. Except that nobody actually bothers to measure anything, they just keep repeating and reposting the same images of spiral galaxies and nautilus shells. Nor is there anything "inherently beautiful" about the golden ratio, research into perceived aesthetics of ratios simply showed that people prefer fractions of small numbers. It's imprecise enough that you really can't say whether people like 1.5 (3/2) or 1.667 (5/3) or 1.618 (phi) best. The one thing where he is right, is the pattern in sunflower seeds. If you divide the 360 degrees of a circle in two parts so that their ratio is 1:1.618, and you use that angle (about 137.5 degrees) to rotate outwards as a spiral, put a big dot at every point, you'll get a pattern that looks pretty much exactly like sunflower seeds. The thing about this particular pattern is that the seeds end up being rather uniformly spaced over the plane, while using other angular ratios creates swirly patterns and waves of filled and empty regions. So I can imagine if you apply this to the rotation of tree branches, it'll result in a more uniformly distributed pattern, that will capture sunlight more efficiently than a pattern with holes in it. I kind of wonder, though, if it's not the other way around--because nature uses golden ratio angles in tree branches, the fibonacci numbers pop up. Because really it's super easy for fibonacci numbers to pop up anywhere, especially the small ones, what's significant , however, is when the golden ratio actually plays a meaningful role. oh some more things, re-reading that lovely "Fibonacci Flim Flam" essay I linked above, it turns out that: sunflower seeds actually turn out to grow that way because the organism tries to pack the seeds as close as possible. from this, if the close-packing manages to occur without disturbance, the golden ratio emerges--but if it is disturbed by anything (disease, damage, etc), the golden ratio becomes less accurate but the organism still continues packing the seeds as closely as possible. that is how you can tell that the organism "tries" to realize a close packing and just happens to produce the golden ratio and sometimes Fibonacci numbers as a byproduct: if the process would have been based on the golden ratio instead, a disturbance would cause a spiral out of control with many empty patches. finally, I almost forgot his (and nearly implied otherwise in my previous post), just the fact that the golden ratio occurs in a process or system does not mean that Fibonacci numbers are involved. there are many other number sequences of the same recurrence relationship as Fibonacci numbers that produce the same golden ratio. Lucas numbers, for example. However, the smaller ratios of those other sequences can be very different from the smaller ratios of the Fibonacci sequence (neither sequence approximates phi 0.618.. very closely for small numbers). Counting seeds in sunflowers shows that some of them follow the Lucas sequence instead of Fibonacci. But again, you don't see those in the design books! (or sometimes you do but nobody bothers to check) Explanation why this actually doesn't have a lot to do with Fibonacci from the other thread: http://news.ycombinator.com/item?id=2903073 Additionally explains/shows that the Fibonacci sequence, or the golden ratio, both do NOT generally occur in nautilus shells, spiral galaxies, ancient design principles, body ratios nor are they perceived as significantly more aesthetically pleasing than other ratios of small numbers. Looks interesting--will read later, thanks! Listening to the podcast now, It's pretty good. There's strong indications that Stuxnet was built by a team of developers, though. Yes. Also the links to the game demos should be more prominent. I wanted to see what this engine could do, and I had to really look for it. google "screencast"--that's what you want to make. I hear it's real easy. that was very clear and concise, thanks! I'd be more convinced if he'd also registered domains with two, three and four bit-errors in them. Having gathered as much statistics as he did, they should show clearly half as much, resp. 1/4th and 1/8th as much hits. If that would indeed have been the case, he could say with very high confidence that his hits were indeed caused by bit-flip errors, and not by character errors or who knows what other unknown anomalies. So far, he's advocating to upgrade memory to prevent this vulnerability, but there's only a rough hypothesis that this might be caused by memory bitflip errors. And even then, between the client and the DNS-server, there's a lot of machines, the bitflip could occur anywhere, right? How can he say upgrading client memory will solve anything?? A good bunch of them, most certainly. Yes. I'd say at a price of $60, you should definitely double-check to make very sure the laptop isn't stolen, because there is a pretty good chance that it is. Given that the laptop was "messed up" and needed to be "fixed", even more so. Who "fixed" it btw? Not her, probably. I've had stuff of mine stolen often enough (bikes, mostly) that I don't really care whether the law would say I should have known or not, but morally, I just think it's disgusting to profit off theft of other people's property and I think it's just the right thing to do, to consider the possibility. That said, even though I'm of the opinion the women was definitely in the wrong and should have known better, the police also definitely crossed the line the way they handled those photographs. > The Consumentbond already tells people to expect warnings and ignore them, for they have not been hacked, but merely experience a temporary "browser issue". Reports of DigiD helpdesk telling people to ignore warnings, lower security settings or place the site in "trusted sites". Isn't that because Mozilla also blocked certs used by the Dutch gov (which DigiD uses I suppose), which aren't actually compromised? I read that in a new update they'll unblock the Dutch gov certs though. Still never a good idea to teach people to ignore warnings, especially not on a site like DigiD. I've been reading New Kind Of Science recently, intrigued by some of Wolfram's grandiose claims I ran some tests and it indeed turns out that the Rule 30 cellular automaton is a very high quality PRNG (as long as you pick the right bits). It's a very simple algorithm and very parallel too. It's just that my version picked one bit per generation (the middle one) and the period of the PRNG is determined by the size of the buffer, so it might be a bit memory intensive for a GPU, if you need several random bits per pixel. I couldn't find any patterns within the period, though. Also it might be possible to get more than one random bit per generation, though I expect the ones right next to eachother are probably too correlated. Formula's real simple, if the previous state and the two neighbours are labeled L,M and R, rule 30 boils down to the new state will be L xor (M and A). I don't seem to see his posts unless I enable "showdead". I didn't even know karma worked this way on HN. Quite ridiculous, IMHO, to completely hide someone if their karma runs too low. Especially if it can happen by unfortunate accident and ends up hiding a positive contributor completely from view--basically means the system is broken. ah, I was wondering about that. tip: it helps to rewrite the headline in the third person instead of the first, clears it right up. I suppose it was hurried along because the DigID service is crucial to managing many government services, social services and the gov student loan system and probably much more (not every citizen has to deal with the same subset of DigID-powered systems, so I don't know all of them myself either). Still not bad, for a government :-) You're conflating the Dutch Government and VASCO/Diginotar. Yeah I read the advice in this article years ago in a beginner's Go tutorial, something about "you just need one more point than the opponent to win". Lot of little zen-like lessons in learning that game, is why I love it. I don't see the problem? You just tell them your fee is more than that, and that's it. Basically, you either work for free (as a favour to friends or charity) or full charge. No in between. The power of "free" over "friend's fee" is that they know it's a favour so they can't feel entitled to anything--and if they still do, you may feel entitled to take a dump in their kitchen sink (free of charge). Netbook user, same here. I also agree about the never-ending scrolling, it's horrible. I usually think "oh I'll just finish reading this page and then I'll stop" and then without noticing it loads another page ... and another ... and then it turns really slow and urrgh. Definitely going to try the mobile version next time :) It'd be really nice, if the UI wasn't so slow due to all sorts of javascript and CSS bloat. Scrolling is really jerky too. Thing is, if you got a new/fast computer, you don't notice this, and then yeah, the new interface is just fine. Except that, for the functionality it provides, there's not really a good excuse for the page to be so slow. That's wonderful. What does your site do?? :-/ What a bunch of dicks. yes. this behaviour, I dunno when it exactly got as bad as this, is the first time in a decade that it really makes me switch away to different search engines, even for everyday queries. I used to just switch if I had a particularly hard search or needed some special feature I knew another SE would provide better. BTW I find that Yandex, the russian SE is also quite good. I don't know exactly what/how they did it, but it has a sort of smooth, quick, basic and simple "feel" similar to Google that makes me able to imagine myself really using it by default. It's not about "punishing", it's about incentive to get them to take their customer's privacy seriously. If they would actually protect their customer's data well, they wouldn't get sued for security breaches in the first place. While 100% security is impossible, they only need to secure their data so they can't get sued for neglecting to secure it enough . Yup. Same reason I don't do business with Nokia or Siemens (developing DPI Internet Filter technology for oppressive regimes in the Middle-East, which is slightly worse than this, IMO). Algorithmic censorship? I bet it's just the machines' way of getting back at us for CAPTCHAs. You can buy USB keyboards with just the numeric keypad. That sounds like what you want. (I assume that some models also include the ()-=+ keys for completeness) Ooooh! Cute overpriced retro vintage hipster bait! More power to you for selling these things for $500! Ha! You are, because "source" in "open source" refers to "source code", "open source code". It's not code that originates from a source that's "open" .. what does that even mean? It means the source code is open to the public. > There were a few cases you can find on Usenet of people saying "open source code", but that's not the same thing; "open" there modifies "code", rather than modifying "source". Ah, come on! You can't be serious. "Source" in "Open Source" is short for "source code", and no other meaning of the word "source". The history page you link doesn't state it explicitly, but they do mention "source code" a few times, in addition to mentioning no other meaning of the word "source", so I think it's pretty reasonably to assume that these OSI people, like many programmers, when speaking about "source" were using it as a short for "source code". Because really, a "source" (in the meaning of "origin") that is "open", what does that even mean? That things can flow from it? Sorry but you are also aware of the term "closed source" right? Except that, if nothing originates from it, it's no longer a source. Yet if you interpret it as "closed source code", it still makes sense. I don't really see how your link to the opensource.org/history proves your point, either. In fact it strengthens the other point as well. Sure it shows they decided to name their new licensing scheme "Open Source" (where it seems to me, "Source", from the context to be short for "Source Code") -- even though people had (naturally) already been using the term "open" for source code that is publically available. So you can make the point, that possibly, they were the first that shortened "open source code" to "open source" and using that as a brand, while at the same time hijacking the meaning to something much more strict (namely excluding of open non-commercial licenses). Well, there's that and there's using a USA-based VPN service. They could have picked any other totalitarian police state in the world, Russian, Chinese proxies, they all accept creditcard, and the FBI could have done fuck all to get the logs. Instead you know USA based companies are required to barf up the logs at the drop of a hat. It's not just lazy, it's really really dumb. You're allowed to (and should) black out your photograph and your social security number, they don't need those for ID. Only your government, your employer and a list of government-sanctioned organisations can require social security numbers for ID purposes. the rules for photo ID are even more strict. Additionally you should write in big letters over the scan "Request to access Facebook Data ", so that nobody else can use the scan of your ID-card for anything else. The rest of the data, Facebook already knows (name, date of birth) or is useless (passport/ID document number). Source: https://pim.bof.nl/gebruikers/geef-niet-meer-dan-nodig/ (Dutch) I dunno what your ID cards look like, but ours have intricate patterns all over them. Additionally there's a punctured-hole pattern that vaguely corresponds to the photograph, so that's unique for every ID. I can't really imagine how you'd want to reconstruct that, and even if you could I'd hardly call it trivial. Their defence doesn't hold much water. But then, I can't imagine any excuse that would satisfy me. They say “The onus is on us is to take all the data and scrub it,” said Arturo Bejar, a Facebook director of engineering. “What really matters is what we say as a company and back it up.”, except their track record on that matter isn't exactly stellar. We know they don't actually delete messages or things you delete on FB, they just mark them "deleted". With that attitude to "deleting" things, what does it even matter? And I don't care if they promise the data is not used for targeting ads, that is just one of the many ways this type of data can be abused. The argument they use it to prevent "spam and phishing attacks" also seems dubious to me. How does that work? And the cookie that's kept contains just your facebook ID, so wouldn't that be trivial for spammers and phishers to work around? And the most important thing is, they might act all innocent about it now , that they did it with the best intentions and not to continue tracking people after they log out. Let's believe that and lets assume this behaviour doesn't involve any other privacy implications: Facebook is by now well known for their feature-creep, if we hadn't caught them red-handed now, what's to say they wouldn't be using this data in a few months from now? Sorry but it's all bullshit. Facebook doesn't care one bit about their user's privacy, they've made that perfectly clear by now, and them pretending to do otherwise in this article is absolutely laughable. the difference is, that's not linked to your FB accounts and friends network / social graph. not that third-party cookies aren't a big privacy issue, but this goes one step further. a good example, when working with the Jinja2 templating language, when you want to declare your own modifier, a function that's called within the templating language like {bit of text|awesomify}, you'd just need to write a function with a decorator on it, like @jinja2_modifier def awesomify(s): return "%s is awesome" % s (except it wasn't "jinja2_modifier", look it up in the docs) I'm assuming the blog the kid used the plugin on had all sorts of info and links to his Twitter account, etc. They left in his real name in one of the screenshots BTW. IMO it's quite an entertaining SocEng attack. And he just wanted to get the latest version of a commercial WP plugin! hahaha! I was kind of expecting something more malicious: I thought either the source file he requested contained login credentials or other sensitive info, or he was going to send back a "patched" version with a backdoor in it. Odd, how he went through all that trouble. Anyone know what the plugin does BTW? I haven't looked, is it that good? :) I don't want people to forget how they helped out Egypt and Iran finding more people to torture: http://www.bloomberg.com/news/2011-08-22/torture-in-bahrain-... I can't imagine why I would ever spend a penny on anything made by Nokia or Siemens, again. Cuter, smarter and nicer girls to be found in the library, is my experience. > well, i would guess that the monitoring s/w etc. that was mentioned in the article, was part of the various gateway nodes that make up the entire 2g/3g/4g network. 3gpp has standardized on well defined interfaces for "lawful interception". Did you even read the article? This Nokia-Siemens joint venture built was not specifically targeted at wireless. You make it sound as if Iran and Egypt just bought a certain model of wireless routers or switches that Nokia-Siemens happened to offer on the international market. No , the Nokia-Siemens joint venture was specifically created as a bid for the custom monitoring technology Iran needed. They probably re-used some of that knowledge when Egypt needed a similar system, later. This is not just a question of Iran ordering some pieces of hardware equipment that the way they installed it just happened to help them find more "dissidents" to torture. Nokia-Siemens designed, developed and built the infrastructure , it entails a littlebit more. They knew from the start exactly what this system they were building in Iran was going to be used for, they designed it and sent over their expertise to lay the f#ing cables and configure the routers and switches so that it did what Iran ordered it to do. No, I wouldn't blame some corporation for selling hardware/equipment that happens to be used for tracking down people to torture. Yes , I do blame a corporation when they bid to a specific order that really doesn't leave any doubt as to what the system is going to be directly used for, proceed to design it (again with the "requirements" crystal clear), develop, build and deploy it on the spot. I noticed the same thing. Well, I always took it for granted until I started using Linux and noticed it doesn't have to be. that's LSD. if it's shrooms, you can tell whether something looks like mushrooms right? that means there's three options: 1) it'll kill you 2) it'll do nothing or make you nauseous 3) it's the real thing nobody's gonna sell you poisonous mushrooms or they'll be in big trouble and be out of clientele really fast. shrooms that look like proper shrooms but do nothing, I don't know if they even exist. in both (unlikely) cases, it's not harder or more expensive to obtain mushrooms that actually do what they're supposed to do, than to get poisonous or ineffective ones, so what would be the incentive to do that?? shrooms is shrooms. they're not even that hard to tell apart, if you got a book with pictures. it's a whole different thing if you got a blotter (LSD) with a drop of god-knows-what impregnated on it. then you need to be careful and really know who you're buying from. I don't think you'd got much to worry about. Does Google Search By Image not work in Opera or something? The whole drawing part seems to work just fine, it then redirects me to Google where it's supposed to do Search By Image but I just get the Google Front page? I find the same thing with Django, btw. Once a project grows beyond a (slightly less) trivial app, that is, at some point your project is going to want to do something difficult and/or unique, you wander outside of the wonderful things that Django provides, and you find yourself needing to build or seek out complex functionality by hand again, and sometimes having Django work against you. At least, that's my experience. So next time, for a not-too-large scale project, I will indeed try a more barebones framework such as Flask, to see if it matters much. Django does get you off to a running start, but as soon as you want something it can't do, you find yourself clawing through its entrails again. If it's so DANGEROUS why isn't there some kind of active display filter available to dampen temporal frequencies between 2 and 55Hz? That, and--though it wouldn't have helped in this case--the most I heard about epilepsy complaints is on forums with flashy animated GIF images. Why do they browse with GIF animation enabled? Really, if it's such a health hazard, and images posted on a forum can give you dangerous seizures, why would you take a risk and trust on the goodwill of the community and take your chances with the occasional troll? I don't want to dismiss the problem, not at all, I just wonder about the victim mentality displayed and lack of proactiveness. Especially the display filter. If it's an actual health hazard, you shouldn't be asking people not to show flashing imagery on their sites, you should be taking action yourself, making sure your computer display is unable to display this imagery. Any kind of modern 3D GFX card should easily be able to detect flashing areas and dampen and/or motion blur them so they're safe, without much processing power needed. You'll be erring on the side of caution of course, so some video content might be degraded (though with a well-designed filter this should be minimal) so you'll want a key-combo to (at your own risk) temporarily disable the filter (with a parental lock for the children, of course).