Assume you accept his argument that the open source process is such an advantage and that the market is efficient enough to punish companies who use open source code but don't reciprocate. Why then isn't the market efficient enough to punish those companies who have an irrational fear of the GPL (and therefore refuse to take advantage of the majority of open source code)? This appears to be his only stated problem with the GPL, and I thought the GPL is anti-business meme would have died long ago given the continued success of Linux. Quote from Chris Blizzard: "The proposed spec [...] is a pretty light wrapper on top of OpenGL ES 2.0, with some changes to support some JavaScript pleasantries." http://www.0xdeadbeef.com/weblog/?p=1207 So it's more like a port than a new standard. I'm also not sure how much your complaint applies to HTML 5 since that was originated by browser vendors wanting to standardize the new stuff they were already implementing and to reverse engineer and then compatibly implement how old stuff was implemented in Internet Explorer. I think the issue here that he is referring to (obliquely) is the disagreement on video codecs. So to take your img example it would be analogous to a specification for img where Firefox was supporting PNG (but not GIF) and Safari supporting GIF (but not PNG) and IE supporting neither but Microsoft is at the same time pushing a closed source browser plugin that can show images in a Microsoft proprietary and patented format that sits outside of HTML. That would be a "sad web" too, even if it technically had images. He's not (imho) against the video tag in any way, just pointing it out as an example of the (inherently) political squabbling and consequent craziness that surround standardization in a multi-billion pound market. That's a standard free-market, laissez-faire take on things, but not entirely accurate. The usual IT factors of lock-in, path dependency and network effects have their place. As does the frequently underestimated, yet monumental task of getting effective interoperation even when all parties are willing and able to do so (neither of which is generally the case). Minor browser engines such as Webkit, Gecko and Opera can't change the market much on their own. They need to be interoperable to some degree for people to start using their additions to the standards on the wider web. HTML5 (nee WHAT-WG) was initially those browser vendors coming together to work on exactly that. You give Canvas as an implementation before standardization example, yet it was far more iterative than that with Apple's original implementation (for use in the walled garden of their widgets) being presented for standardization with the explicit idea that it was good for Apple if there were interoperable implementations out there. It's a pretty good example of Co-opetition. ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Coopetition ) I don't understand why "SQL caching" means bypassing Rails. I mean if you do whole page caching then you bypass Rails, after the first call. But if you're only caching the SQL call then you still need something to format it into HTML, which I'm guessing in Twitter's case is Rails. You're also conflating Ruby (the language) and Rails (the web framework). Your assumption here is that Bill Gates was born with "off-the-charts intelligence, business savvy and entrepreneurial drive" and nothing about his upbringing affected this in anyway. I think even the strongest genetic determinist would have to concede that's not true, which throws doubt on him even having these qualities if he'd been born and raised elsewhere (ghetto, communist state, refugee camp etc.) Do you have a link to these stats? I don't think most people in the UK would even know what an home invasion is (I know from Ice-T) and Wikipedia claims it is notoriously hard to get stats this topic since it's not a defined crime in many jurisdictions. If you take a step back from this you realize that the news industry is the middlman. People want the info or news, prior to the web you needed printing presses or a tv station to deliver it. This concentration of power has led to all sorts of power-crazed idiots getting involved to push their viewpoints and crowd out their opponents. To add insult to injury they make all their money from providing eyeballs to advertisers leading to the same race to the bottom you see happening online. A great deal of this is similar to the findings on management and creativity and/or stress and creativity. Stress kills creativity because it creates a chemical reaction that forces your mind to focus intently and over-rely on previous experience. This might help if you need to run away from a bear, but might hinder if you're trying to solve a tricky problem that requires exploring and potentially letting go of assumptions. Similarly it's very tricky to "manage" creativity or any task where you can't specify and measure either the process or the outcome (preferably both). You may sadly realise this covers most white collar work but it only really gets talked about in relation to obviously 'creative' things like advertising and R&D. The basic of management there is "don't", though there are some things that help such as "clan controls" where you hire people with a particular value set (e.g. scientists or open source programmers) and encourage them to be evaluated, outside of work, by their peers. It might be worth pondering a comparison between an leading advertising agency work areas and Google's famous playgrounds. This guy proposes that the bits of the company that can be managed traditionally (sales, clerical workers) thrive on (or are even addicted to) continual stress and this causes a hidden rift between them and the programmers (etc.) who absolutely require at least some time in the stressless mindset in order to do their job. It may already be too late, PHP on the JVM: http://www.caucho.com/resin-3.0/quercus/ Note, I know nothing about the project, just first result from Google. I knew something existed because I'd read about IBM's Project Zero, but I think their implementation of PHP on the JVM (called P8, iirc) is closed source. One of the comments claims it is called a Tuo Quoque (You also) Fallacy. http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Tu_quoque The bit at the start, with him rolling square blocks reminded me of this video of a bike with square wheels: http://www.youtube.com/watch%3Fv%3DLgbWu8zJubo How is the validator gem used in rails? I'm thinking of starting a rails project and I'd like to validate every single produced page, every time it's produced. I'd assumed the best way to do it would be cache the output and run the validator 'offline' but I couldn't find any rails or rack projects that do this. I liked the bit about unspecified failure modes in HTML 4. Very important point, though I feel somewhat sad that such persuasion is necessary. My way of looking at it is: you're trying to produce a certain kind of output that is externally specified and there are available 3rd party tools that can validate it. Why wouldn't you automate testing? Are you reviewing this as a startup idea? Your response seems a bit harsh for an open source educational charity. One benefit of open source is that Qimo could disappear tomorrow and others could carry the torch and build on anything of value they produced. I use OS X myself and am aware that they have a simplified Finder for kids and old folks, but I see value in having something to put on old junker machines for kids, particularly younger ones that are more likely to spill paint on them or whatever. You're right that the web is important for accessing the widest range of material. The only real knock that Linux has from the point of view of web kiosk for kids is the lack of shockwave plugin that some older content on e.g. the BBC kids sites uses. Also, did anyone else think that Qimo sounds too close to Chemo (as in therapy)? No. This is a neat hack but is so narrowly applicable it's not worth bothering about for most folks. You ask designers for input but I think it's an engineering choice to use simple and straightforward technologies you (and colleagues) fully understand rather than meddling with neat hacks, particularly if you're deploying out to the user browsers, which is a quagmire even if you're not getting too fancy. Of course if you're in an environment where images are impossible/banned for whatever reason (and you can't use proper CSS gradients) then this technique could make you look like a magician, but I can't think of such a situation off-hand. This is a fascinating topic (HTML5 allowing web apps on phones and similar devices to become richer and provide an alternative installation route than the App stores controlled by platform owners) but this article is vague, desperately seeking conflict, and has a troll-y headline. This is another example of what-aboutery, but relevant I think: Anyone remember the guy who testified to congress that the US Embassy in Iraq was being built with the exact same kind of slave labor as is apparently common in Dubai? His testimony: http://oversight.house.gov/documents/20070726115247.pdf quote: "My statement will address labor abuse, human trafficking, and other concerning issues that I personally witnessed at the construction site of the U.S. Embassy in Baghdad" Another source, with a similar story. http://www.antiwar.com/ips/phinney.php?articleid=9919 It's a bit of a misleading title, it's not all about procrastination and it's not much of a howto either. It's about how you can do many things better than standard economics would indicated if you take into account the irrationality of human beings. For example, everyone leaves reports to the last minute. Commiting to earlier deadlines makes no sense to a 'rational' human being, but can help actual human beings. Here's a link to his research paper on this topic: http://www.predictablyirrational.com/pdfs/deadlines.pdf And his book site: http://www.predictablyirrational.com/ And if (when) the client changes their mind? Eric Meyer talks about the neat CSS used to generate the graphs from tabular data here: http://meyerweb.com/eric/thoughts/2009/04/07/findings-of-the... It's a vote. So if you've got an account and have edited more than 25 times then go take part. Can anyone point to some more info on this? I was excited to hear about it when it was first announced but it seems to have gone awfully quiet. Are the ARM developers just not big bloggers? It seems there's a fair amount of work in bringing up a distro to target the various ARM hardware out there so it would be good to hear an overview from someone in the know. Unfortunately Microsoft can easily take the hit for sums that seem astronomical to ordinary people (or even ordinary businesses) and then turn round and use that as justification for their own patents. Just like when it gets fined hundreds of millions by the EU, it can use these numbers to elicit sympathy, while I'm sure internal calculations show greater profit from ignoring the law or playing the patent game, even after subtracting these costs. After all if they didn't profit from it, then they probably wouldn't do it. "I hear how we are to release early and often, which means less testing". In the parlance of our times: You're doing it wrong. Well that was a surprisingly sensible article. Looks like we could be heading for a tipping point. Or the apocalypse. One of the two anyway. One similar thing I've never understood is card games like Magic the Gathering and (perhaps?) Pokemon. From what I gather this is kind of like playing poker, except you can just go out and buy more decks to stack your hand. Just doesn't seem fair or fun to me. A similar partly-virtual good I can't wrap my head round is intentionally limited-edition goods such as beanie babies. http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Beanie_Baby "Instant Springboard real estate" You can easily add web apps or pages to the iPhones home screen, it's the button right below "bookmark". You even get a nice icon if it specified correctly using the appropriate HTML5 I generally agreed with the article and see strong parallels with pg's original article. I note that most of the replies so far fail the test of doing the swap in the opposite direction i.e. "I'm attracted to smart women" is the same as "nerds are popular with me" which is different from "nerds are popular", and even more so from "nerds were popular in high school". Or play it: http://www.gwap.com/gwap/gamesPreview/tagatune/ I don't want to sound paranoid but security researchers working for anti-virus vendors have a vested interest in blowing these things out of proportion. I don't know the details of this particular story but I have seen blatant scaremongering and misinformation in the past when it comes to Macs. Despite the glib headline this is actually important and deeply interesting. It's fundamentally about a complete lack of the scientific method being applied in the business world. Instead we've got witchdoctors, quacks and gurus guiding a vital part of our society. Try translating some of the stuff in the article to medicine or science. What makes you healthy or ill? Well we asked around the office and found some people we thought looked healthy, then interviewed them to find out what they do. Okay, some of them died horrible deaths shortly afterwards, and may not even have been healthy at the time. Perhaps they died due to the stuff they were doing "for the good of their health" or maybe just because good luck turned to bad but that's not important as long as our initial conclusions makes a plausible story. After all, no-one likes it when science is counter-intuitive and doesn't fit their preconceived ideas, and they'll actively resist such conclusions. Derren Brown did an excellent program on this theme called The System ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Derren_Brown#The_System spoiler warning!) where you got to follow an individual as they won bets again and again on horse races and you got to see the confidence and belief building in them. It really humanized the cognitive biases that lead to the sloppy thinking in areas like this article highlights. I think you're missing the point. These SEO hackers don't announce themselves by defacing your front page or deleting your database. They insert hidden links in your HTML to boost their PageRank and it's in their interests to go undetected for as long as possible. There's two parts to Atom, Atom itself which is like a better RSS and AtomPub. He's talking about the latter. From Wikipedia: "The Atom Syndication Format is an XML language used for web feeds, while the Atom Publishing Protocol (AtomPub or APP) is a simple HTTP-based protocol for creating and updating web resources." Atom itself is doing fine. Readers have to cater to RSS for historical reasons but for most producers, particularly in non-standard (not "blogging") contexts, it's a waste of time. I think you'll find that the "X number of browsers" you need to check for and use fallbacks from HTML5 are "various flavours of IE". So please, let the griping continue. This is because Microsoft has, for a long time, dragged its feet regarding the web because the web is a threat to its core business. In fact two main strands of HTML5 development are reverse engineering IE peculiarities and making them a standard so that others can interoperate and investigating ways to fix up IE with javascript shims so that it can support HTML5 without any help from Microsoft. This is not the "right way" to do things but when the monopoly browser (and OS) producer varies between apathy and antagonism towards the web that's how progress gets made. I agree with the headline but didn't find much in the article to back it up. For my part I look at Perl (or Ruby) and see an expression of Unix traditions. Building on those can make you very productive. I'd say the same is true of Ruby on Rails where it's really a distillation of best practice in web app design and deployment. DeCSS didn't help prevent casual piracy. It helped prevent people from legally watching DVDs they had bought on linux because they wouldn't license it, and it was illegal to reverse engineer it. So what did all those tech savvy people who were being actively snubbed by the movie industry do? They bittorrented pre-ripped movie files instead of buying DVDs that were somewhere between awkward and impossible to use. Another classic foot-shooting move from the movie industry. The fact that Git can actually lose history is one bad mark against it. The fact that the option to prevent this has the totally bizarre name of "denyNonFastforwards" is another. Beware! Most "free" fonts are not licensed for use within a web page via @font-face. This is a new technology which most font designers probably haven't heard of and taken account of in their licencing. Crucially it involves putting the actual font on a public web server for users to download. I followed a random link posted here and on checking the licence on a "free" font found this: "the consumer may use Harold's Fonts in any way EXCEPT redistribution of the digital font itself in any form." As with software, if they're not using a recognised licence (SIL OFL, CC, GPL) then triple check that you and the copyright owner agree on definitions before using it in a commercial setting. The link from the article is sparse because they're not just "free", they're open source. Which as software guys you know is a big difference. Also, to the original poster: what's with the attitude? You're asking for fonts and yet you haven't even specified what kind your looking for, or for what purpose. It's almost like you're trying to prove a point about the lack of quality free fonts rather than ask a genuine question or meet a real need. Do these screens work with Windows? Apparently you can get XP on the OLPC but I've never seen it explained how XP would work with a screen that can triple it's resolution in one direction on demand. (I'm assuming here that the pixel qi screens are similar to the OLPC design. It's sounds like they might be of the same family but not identical) I'd love an ARM-based linux netbook that took full advantage of one of these screens. I think the power benefits of ARM, and the resultant loss of Windows compatibility, will the nudge to allow netbook makers to rethink what they're trying to achieve. It's clear now that the iPhone isn't a phone, it's a tiny, handheld, portable computer. A computer for which both Windows and Office are meaningless, it's all about the browser. Netbooks could be something similar, just a bit larger, but not while they're tied to the boat anchor of being hardware compatible with XP even when you're running Ubuntu or Android on it. Great article. I'd forgotten all about the Fortean Times which I used to read about 15 years ago. I always admired their ability to talk about wierd and wacky things without having to take sides and devolving into propaganda. They're kind of like "The Economist" of weird. It's funny you say that I'm "not understanding what it really means" because that was actually the point of my criticism of Git. Maybe it's just me that's stupid, but that doesn't explain the million blog entries saying either Git Sucks because it's impossible to use, or that they've had a eureka breakthrough and actually Git Rocks but you just have to understand that [reams of random gibberish] is what you need to achieve simple task A. The latter type of blog post usually has at least two comments pointing out that what the blogger suggests is both wrong and dangerous and suggesting two conflicting solutions to the same problem. Apparently it's not as bad as it used to be. Again my knowledge comes mostly from blogs but every couple of months I read that Git is no longer perversely and unusably obscure. The fact that its unnecessary complexity is now being used as a defence against criticism doesn't encourage me to think that anyone is actually going to finally fix the human factors of git anytime soon. You're reading too much into this. In a light-hearted blog post, the author is casually referring to the interesting trivia fact that the ubiquitous test image was excerpted from a Playboy nude. He's not making a big deal out of it, and neither should you. I find it somewhat amusing that none of the comments so far seem to acknowledge that this is written by Eric S Raymond. I guess that shows how far he's fallen into irrelevance. Without wanting too engage with the actual content too much, he appears to be arguing, despite the headline, that there is no economic benefit or cost to the the GPL. The only impact is based on human (actually corporate) psychology of not liking being sued. I'm conflicted about this. It's actually a very regressive tax, you pay the same whether you are rich or poor, whether you have 1 television or 20. It's also enforced in an incredibly harsh manner and we (the taxpayers) are actually footing the bill to send people to jail who get caught without a license and then can't afford to pay it (though an outrcy in the House of Lords massively reduced the number being imprisioned down from 200 to 20 (roughly) a year. On the other hand, if it came up for debate and reform, certain political factions would basically kill the BBC, which I love. Interesting stuff to think about. Just like in zombie movies, it's your fellow human beings you've got to watch out for in such situations, a flu pandemic is just a backdrop to watch the human drama unfold against. The killer feature for these things is content. You need the ability to draw on a Wikipedia style collaborative project so that you don't end up entering all the standard info (100 most common words in language X, countries/states and capitals etc. etc.) As far as I'm aware no one has done this yet. There's absolutely no need for that trolling headline. What would have been wrong with "Flash enables perfect replication of Word's layout engine online"? Truthful and probably more interesting. I feel more effort was put into creating a sensational headline than the rest of the text. There's no meat here, it tells you nothing about REST or proposed alternatives. It makes more sense to put an exact duplicate of your server platform (FreeBSD, Linux, Solaris) in a VM on the Mac and develop on the machine headless. Same applies to developing on Linux. But that's the best bit! I love using Command-C to cut and paste throughout the OS including the terminal, rather than having to switch to Control-Shift-C for certain things as you do under Gnome, where forgetting means canceling something. Could someone explain what the phrase "Rails is a Ghetto" means? I know what a ghetto is, but don't really get what the implication is here. http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Ghetto http://en.wiktionary.org/wiki/ghetto I use the Kinesis Advantage Ergonomic Keyboard featured (except in black). It's pretty great. The best bit is the placement of the non-alphanumeric keys e.g. space, enter, delete, backspace, ctrl, alt, etc. They are all placed in those two clumps under each of your thumbs where a traditional long space bar would be. It also has arrow keys arranged in a Vim-like JKLH arrangement just below the "normal" keys. I also type Dvorak on it and I can configure that within the keyboard software rather than in the OS, not that that's particularly hard but it's nice to plug and go. (I don't have the slightly more expensive Dvorak keycaps model they sell because if you're looking at the keys then you're doing it wrong) Third guy in this comic strip: http://geekz.co.uk/lovesraymond/archive/show-them-the-code (thanks to whoever posted this in the other ESR thread, I'd searched for an appropriate strip but hadn't gone back far enough to find this gem) It bothers me too, but I'm happy to see the trend going against it. Apple were one of the first to take a stand on this (possibly for iPhone reasons or to better promote Webkit). Google seems to be putting a lot of weight behind SVG (with VML fallbacks for IE) but obviously that's not reflected everywhere. Whoah there! I bike to work every day on a normal bike and love it but let's not be exclusive just because it's not something we need or want. I want more secure bike parking, more bike lanes, more bike tracks, more workplaces with shower facilities etc. etc. I don't really mind if some of those extra bikes that will be required to push for these things have electric assist. For me personally I'm not going to rule out using one in the future. I'm so used to biking to work that it is now a non-negotiable factor for me in my employment choices. The existence of electric assist bikes could expand the number of places I can reach with a reasonable commute. And that's not even counting getting old and feeble or having a steep gradient or undulating hills between home and work. Options are good, and maybe I'm naive but I believe there's more chance of getting folk onto standard bikes if they can dip their toe in with electric assist models until the get confident or fit enough to commit to going without. Meditation is pretty interesting stuff. For those put off by the spiritual or new age aspects of meditation, try The Relaxation Response. http://www.relaxationresponse.org/steps/ http://www.relaxationresponse.org/howto.htm It's trancendental meditation boiled down to the basics and demystified by a Harvard MD. For the same reasons it would be nicer to ssh into a real, not virtual, unix server machine from Mac OS X. It's a real unix underneath with a proper terminal built in. I'm temporarily doing similar at work on a Windows machine and Putty just doesn't cut it. I could look into cygwin or whatever but sod that, Ubuntu will be replacing it shortly. I was confused by your comment because limiting software to open-source (or 50% in this case) doesn't strike me as any more non-competitive than any quality or quantity requirement. Any company can compete, they just have to follow the same rules as everyone else. It would be non-competitive if a specific company was mentioned, or a technology that only one company could provide is specified. Unfortunately exactly those things happen every day when it comes to government IT procurement. And this is a big deal because while Rails might run on JRuby (even outside of Google App Engine) not many people do in practice because the various libraries and gems haven't caught up yet. I worry that Palm are putting too much faith in fixing iPhone "complaints" like lack of hardware keyboard, removable battery, multitasking. These are all complex engineering trade-offs, it's my natural inclination to think that Apple have got these right. It is, however, incredibly easy to second-guess such decisions from your blogging armchair with no knowledge at all of the factors involved. I'd rather Palm gave us what we need (even if we don't know what that is yet) than give us what some internet blowhards with a ad-revenue based agenda are asking for. No, the fact that it has been specced out with repeatable, automated tests means that you have much more hope of reliable compatibility than say CSS 2 where it was just text and everyone interpreted it differently and there was no "correct" answer to compare to. I don't think that's wrong as such. Imagine there were two sports teams in Chigaco that merged. You could say that team Y merged with "Chicago rival X" without meaning that X was a rival to Chigaco. The Theora guys have given themselves a bit of a PR black-eye here. In amongst all the fascinating yet mostly incomprehensible progress reports they make a passing reference to x264 which has been stripped of all their carefully worded caveats and unleashed on reddit et al to completely hijack the good press they should be getting from this. Instead of "solid progress of free codec, supported natively by popular browser, potential game changer for online media" you get a standard online benchmark squabble stealing all their press and goodwill. Maybe it's one of those "no such thing as bad publicity" things and they've been taking lessons from DHH. Then again they probably had no hope of avoiding it, the same arguments appear every time there's Theora news. Open Source Lessons Learned: from pulseaudio: linux users get really(!) upset when you break their proprietary Flash plugins and Skype. from theora: there can be no compromise in quality standards when transcoding bootleg DVDs. He missed my favourite. The Mac has a thing called safe sleep where it saves your memory to disk when you close the laptop. This is good because if you lose power it takes you right back to where you were. This is bad because it can take a while, especially if you have a lot of memory an sometimes confuses things if you close and open too quickly. Smart sleep gives you the best of both worlds by only switching this behavior on when your batter is below some user defined level. http://www.jinx.de/SmartSleep.html This should be the default behaviour! I will be sad if it's not in Snow Leopard. You've missed an important but subtle point. The article points out that the reason this was overlooked is not because Rails isn't profiled but because this behaviour is happening outside the standard rails profiling scope. That is a) why it's not a "relatively-straightforward bug fix", b) why it hadn't been caught already and c) why it is interesting. Actually I take that back, it is a relatively-straightforward bug fix. As with all the best bugs it's finding it that wasn't straightforward. I think a similar thing happened about a year ago when people were profiling rails but not profiling memory usage. After they realised GC was impacting their performance they shifted their focus and improved things in that regard. The most recent "X line Y% speedup" article I read here took this even further and examined the impact of the size of stack vs. heap memory on GC times. My particular favourite example of this is Steve Souders work showing how much your web app performance is affected by the end users browser and its wacky network and cache behaviour. He has claimed these factors can account for 80-90% of the end-users' waiting time. I know rails core have been working to fix these issues as they did a presentation about. That sounds to me like a bunch of useful lessons to be learned from. Certainly more info than just "profiling good", more like non-holistic profiling can be misleading. Your response certainly doesn't cover this as you talk about "basic profiling", so what is outside the profiling you do? How would you know if it is affecting performance and to what degree? Who is this James Stewart guy and why is he acting so dumb regarding monopolies? First why redefine the standard economics term "Natural Monopoly"? http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Natural_monopoly Why then define this new thing he names a 'natural monopoly' as 'lawful' when he himself points out that monopolies aren't illegal, only abusing monopoly power. Which is an interesting paradox, as this Stewart character claims monopolies aren't necessarily bad, when standard economics claims they are, and standard law allows them only to the degree that they don't maximise profits in a way that is not only allowed but encouraged in any other business i.e. you can be a monopoly, as long as you don't act like one. If something as simple as a checklist [1] can have a meaningful impact on patient care in hospitals, I think it's worth talking about the equivalent in software. Neither claims to be any kind of science, but both can save the day by compensating for the natural human foibles of the practitioner. [1]: http://www.newyorker.com/reporting/2007/12/10/071210fa_fact_... Natural Monoplies being 'harmless' is not standard economic theory. http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Natural_monopoly That wikipedia page goes to some lengths to accommodate the libertarian views (which I'm guessing you lean towards) while covering the standard view. A quick review of Industrial Organisation on Google Books seems to show it reflecting the standard themes on natural monopolies, that nationalization or regulation are the standard remedies and that neither are without problems. The more-mainstream free market argument is that no regulation of monopolies creates problems, but those problems are less than the problems created by nationalization or regulation. Pretending there is no problem with monopolies is a bit extreme for my tastes, though it seems to get mentioned a lot in the US at least. I've just finished reading a history of medicine that claims that medicine's impact on prolonging life is miniscule, maybe 2% of the increase in live expectancy. The biggest impact is childhood (and prenatal) nutrition and basic sanitation. So if you did get sent back to the middle ages, the diseases would be much less likely to kill you as you are generally much more robust as a result of your late 20th century upbringing, and you'd be less likely to get them as you would understand how they spread e.g. avoiding drinking water with human excrement in it. And of you course you didn't die in childbirth or shortly after, by conveniently being in a different century, which will put you above average in life span too. And the big message from the book: avoid the doctors. They would actively be weakening you via bleeding, laxatives and emetics, right up until about the 1920s. Not really, most of that post is FUD from cable competitors in the US (ADSL and fibre-to-the-home providers). I'm not sure how much of it even applies to Virgin Media as their network has a great deal of fibre-optics in it, though not the last mile. The part about home equipment, where the falling standards of Ars journalism really shows, is just restating "640K is enough for anyone" repeatedly, to the point of absurdity. It appears that to actually have a computer connected physically to the internet via ethernet is some wacky use case and the very thought of providing internet access faster than an 11b wireless router is crazy talk. In the UK it is the ADSL providers that market misleadingly, they all use weaselly "up to X Mbp/s" language, and for maximum speed you need to be physically located near to the exchange, it drops the further away you are. Virgin Media have consistently provided whatever you pay for, even as it has increased from less than 1Mbps to 2, 5, 10, 20 and now as we speak 50Mbp/s is in the middle of deployment. I see no reason for their talked about 100 and 200 Mbp/s rollouts to be any different. A bigger issues is when can they roll them out to the whole country as they always talk about the next big step publicly before having to deal with the very real problem of bringing the whole network up to the level neeeded. By the time it arrives there will be some who can take advantage of it, those who can't or don't want to will be able to pay less for lower tiers of service, generally the stick to three tiers and users on the bottom tier gets bumped up for free, which probably has a big impact on usage too depending on the ratio of users on different plans. That's not to say Virgin don't have various other things you could complain about but it seems unfair to complain about misleading speed numbers when that is something that (at least from a UK perspective) they are on the right side of. This quote summed up my job: "Smart people can invent solutions to problems folks actually do have but don't know it yet. These solutions are usually doomed. ... It is nearly impossible to solve a problem for someone if they don't believe they have the problem, even if they really, really do." I've long thought that to succeed in technology you need to do the clever stuff behind closed doors and deliver something tangible and understandable to the common man. For example Google's map-reduce algorithms and idiosyncratic server setups. No one is going to buy into stuff as "crazy" as that, but if you do it internally you can deliver search results (and ads) that they'll appreciate without having to worry about the unorthodox manner in which they were produced. This has already happened. The industry seems to be converging on EPUB, which is XHTML plus images in a zip file. http://www.web-books.com/Publishing/epub.htm Have you ever put yourself through a double-blind test on this issue? Since the previous comment didn't just talk about mp3s in general but specifically mentioned 210Kbps VBR I think you'll find it an eye opening experience. What is a blind ABX test? http://www.hydrogenaudio.org/forums/index.php?showtopic=1629... http://wiki.hydrogenaudio.org/index.php?title=ABX He addresses that point in the article. Microsoft already have the equivalent of iPhone OS X, it's Windows CE for embedded devices and which is also the underpinnings of Windows Mobile for PDAs and Smartphones. It doesn't run standard Windows apps but neither would an ARM version of Windows 7. If I was Microsoft I would just ignore the ARM netbook market and hope that it dies off. People forget that Microsoft as a shareholder owned coporation doesn't have to dominate every market related to personal IT, just make lots of money. Strangely Microsoft seem to forget that too sometimes. Amusingly their Internet Explorer driver is called Jobbie, which is a scottish term for 'shit'. http://code.google.com/p/webdriver/wiki/InternetExplorerDriv... http://en.wiktionary.org/wiki/jobbie Billy Connoly using the term: http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=kmpRQLaxF60#t=2m20s I've been following this for a while and was under the impression that the POP3 access was a paid feature. Got a link to the free-ness? nevermind: http://www.liveside.net/main/archive/2009/03/13/pop3-technol... It sounds like she might have fixed mindset rather than a growth mindset: http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Mindset_(book) "Those with a fixed mindset believe their talents and abilities cannot be improved through any means. They feel that they are born with a certain amount of talent and typically do not wish to challenge their abilities due to the possibility of failure. Individuals with a fixed mindset frequently guard themselves against situations in which they feel they need to prove their personal worth. Challenges are frequently viewed negatively, instead of as an opportunity for personal growth." "People that practice a growth mindset believe intelligence, talents, and abilities can be developed over time. They believe abilities, such as athleticism and mathematical capacity, can be improved through hard work and persistence. When presented with an obstacle, those practicing a growth mindset tend to rise to the challenge. Often, people of the growth mindset do not fear failure; instead, they view it as a chance to improve themselves." "anyone can change their mindset at any age or at any stage in life. She also provides steps or ideas that the reader can follow to achieve the growth mindset." I'm surprised more hasn't been said about the absurdity of ads talking about how expensive a competitor is that then end with the protagonist being handed cash on camera. It's almost frighteningly postmodern but it gets lost in the Mac vs Win gang fights. He seems somewhat excited by the prospect of linux failing on notebooks, yet I'm sure I read a rash of these articles a while ago when the Q1 numbers got released, then another bunch when the numbers got disputed. What's he adding to the debate now? Nothing that I can see, though it appears he's got some axe to grind about linux on smartphones being better than linux on netbooks. And of course the point of this exercise was to show that silverlight running C# in the browser was "better" than javascript. Neat hack, terrible benchmark. I'd guess the one that goes first? http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/First-move_advantage_in_chess Inertia. The same thing keeping anyone stuck on outmoded middle of the road platforms like Office. But Google are good enough to be picking folk up in various niches, and there's other smaller players getting play too. Standard disruptive innovation stuff. Some of this article sounds a bit anti-Google, pro-Microsoft but really if, as far as GE is concerned, Microsoft is simply one of three options for an office suite, and its main plus is local data (rather than say total omnipresence) then compared with a few years ago that's a terrible place for Microsoft to be. The typographer Jan Tschichold experimented with this in the thirties, though I think he recommended space-period-space to separate sentences rather than period-space-capital, and not bothering with a period at the end of a paragraph. I was looking for info on the opposite effect, lower metabolism from crash dieting earlier today and couldn't find anything useful. However, using the term RMR (Resting Metabolic Rate) from your link I found far more interesting stuff. The short version: yes crash dieting can lower your metabolic rate, but the effect is small, and not permanent. It can be a difference of 10% of your RMR which is 60-75% of your total calories burned per day. Therefore crash dieting can cause you to burn 6-8% less calories. So that's roughly 1 lb of fat less lost (or more gained) per month. I thought Attenborough was an athiest. Certainly sounds like it in this quote: "I think of a little child in east Africa with a worm burrowing through his eyeball. The worm cannot live in any other way, except by burrowing through eyeballs. I find that hard to reconcile with the notion of a divine and benevolent creator." http://www.telegraph.co.uk/news/newstopics/mandrake/4347954/... Can someone explain the entropy and thermodynamics bit? He appears to be arguing against the concept of calories in minus calories burned equals calories stored, but he lost me. He's got "entropy" in his blog name so you'd think this is his area, however, it sounds fishy to me. Isn't the competition here Silverlight vs. Flash. And isn't Flash installed on more than IE , Firefox, Safari and Chrome combined? (Note that sounds ridiculous, but I'm fairly certain it's true) So, given the competition is Flash, why the jab at other browsers? Or is Microsoft declaring war on the open web? (edit: Somewhat surprised that Techcrunch actually makes the same points, I'd commented before reading it) That's a very harsh review of the hacker's diet. More accurate would be food = energy, exercise = energy expenditure, obesity = prolonged energy surplus stored as fat, and weight loss = prolonged calorie deficit leading to fat reduction. While I agree that there are wrinkles due to when, how and what you eat, I can't see a problem with that basic maths. You could say a 'bad' calories is one that triggers you to eat more calories, whether that's through habit, or addiction, or stomach stretching, or sugar rushes and crashes leading to hunger. But that still reduces down to more calories. This book seems to be suggesting that the energy you store as fat comes from somewhere other than the food you eat. That's entering creationism or perpetual motion machine territory for me, and as you would then expect is accompanied by claims that the whole field is crooked. The rebuttal linked from the article (by one of the "villains" of the book) suggests that the weird data comes down to people lying about what they eat to researchers. Not only do they not record everything they eat, they lie even more about their consumption of fatty foods which (correctly or not) the average person thinks are bad. This makes it seem like people are gaining weight mysteriously, and that carbs are over-represented. Given the choice between overweight people misrepresenting what they eat and a whole branch of science being corrupt I'll take the former. Particularly if the book writer is happy to cherry pick out the results that he likes and ignore the rest of the field. Took me a couple of reads to understand that too, I thought they were talking about the Music companies buying into Spotify. It actually means that downloaders getting music illegally from The Pirate Bay, may be (via ad revenue) lining the pockets of a backer who has links to far-right groups in Sweden: http://www.theregister.co.uk/2009/02/26/pirate_bay_neo_nazi/ Call me cynical but isn't the music industry famous for business ventures that don't make any money. They just ensure they get their cut in advance, and cook the books if necessary to make sure there's nothing left for the artists to get a percentage of. "Stimulating your metabolism" means burning more calories. You've not blown away the existing framework, you're actually just working within it and yet have somehow convinced yourself that you're not. The quotes seem to be the problem, works without for me. I guess you're asking Apple for that. In the meantime Google have a webapp, just save it to your iPhone's homescreen. http://gmail.com/tasks I love these journalistic pieces where the tone is "I'm totally destroying their argument" but the actual data is lacking. Sophistry of the lowest kind. Personal highlight: it's okay to fall behind in a certain test because that's "only" measuring the real-world application of maths skills. We want to be judged only on what they've learned in school, because other countries are cheating by learning not just in school but "at home, or even elsewhere". I mean even if you accept their premise that's still nonsense. There at least one glaring flaw in his argument. He implies you can't bolt a good UI onto open source software after finishing the core functionality, yet the article revolves around CUPS which Apple themselves took and bolted a good UI onto. Strangely he makes no mention of this fact. Apple also hired the author and now own the copyright to CUPS which is still Free Software ( http://www.cups.org/ ). It's worth noting for those who weren't early adopters of Mac OS X that printer compatability sucked pretty hard before the adoption of CUPS since Mac OS X was both new and unpopular at the time. Is it technically "usable" if it doesn't work? Apple clearly saw the benefit of jumping on the bandwagon of an open standard, and this let them concentrate on other things like the UI. The same could be said for much of Mac OS X. Both the positive OSS examples he mentions, Firefox and Camino, were likewise primarily GUIs bolted onto the Mozilla core after the fact. Gruber is mostly right about usability being hard and about it being a skill but he generally doesn't get Open Source, nor Free Software, nor Unix even though Apple now dabbles to varying degrees in all these things. And his lack of insight shows. How many hackers would agree that "More often than not, you get what you pay for" holds true for software. But the 20:20 hindsight award goes to the second last paragraph: "It’s easy to ridicule the estimated 2006-or-2007 ship date for Longhorn, the next major release of Windows. But do you doubt for a moment that Longhorn will provide more improvements from Windows XP than desktop Linux will gain during the same period?" That the UI is important and hard work a standard opinion for Gruber and Apple fans generally (myself included). This particular article is about how Open Source software cannot achieve this, mostly due to limits placed on it by Gruber's own stereotypes. Why can't it be commercial? Why can't it hire UI guys with training and insight. In fact it does both these things. Same author's follow-up from late 2008: "Why Free Software has poor usability, and how to improve it" http://mpt.net.nz/archive/2008/08/01/free-software-usability