Charge them a dollar per line? I'm 35 and I just recently started trying to turn what had been a hobby into something that pays. I harbor no illusions about ever making decent money at it though. TRS-80 Color Computer 2, represent. I work with PHP and javascript so I already knew I was scum... I want to. I do have a ton of for-the-love projects which seemed impossible when I started, that i've learned a lot from, failure by failure. I've even got an app I'm building in Laravel (and this is the last you'll likely hear about it.) Unfortunately with where I'm at right now it's just been scutwork that puts gas in the car. I might even take a cs course this year assuming it's possible to get the loans. I'm still paying off an art degree though. By the way never get an art degree. Interesting, and nice design. I'd like to be able to add my github and behance.net profiles as well if I can. Those would reflect my skills a lot better than would my facebook. Also I don't really like that my username seems linked to whatever my email address was -- I should be able to display my real name, and if I can change that I haven't found where yet. What is the user ID for and why is it listed in my profile? I would like to know a bit more about how you're handling payment, and dealing with conflict and arbitration. Can I connect my paypal account? Is there some kind of escrow thing like elance uses? Couple more things. Why is it linked to my facebook account? I don't remember ever opting in for that. How do I unlink it now because my facebook account is not a business account. For that matter, how much control do I actually have over what you pull from my accounts? - Can I delete anything you add and unlink any accounts I link? - Can I opt not to synchronize my accounts or lock my profile at a certain state? - Can I delete my entire workio account if I want, and if so, what if anything does workio retain of my data? Fair enough. I would rather the site showed me that it discovered the account/data and then gave me the option to include it or not, that would have seemed a bit less intrusive. The assumption that it's automatically stuff I want on that profile may not be true. I may not want to present that particular name or profile pic, or deal with not accepting friend requests from clients. I did teach myself enough Perl to write what was possibly the worst flat-file bbs script ever, ages ago on Tripod. >_> I assume this means that if Romney wins everybody gets a raise? Github has standards? Uh oh. Everybody wanna be Michaelangelo, don't nobody wanna bust rocks. Looking around your apartment for something to pawn for food money. If I wasn't there, I was certainly close while I was in school. I remember how embarrassed I was to have to pawn the tv my mother got me for Christmas, when it was the last thing in the apartment I thought I could get something for. Apart from captcha farming what are the issues with recaptcha? >However, isn't that something of the past? Not even remotely. Adobe Business Catalyst users have been getting hammered with comment spam for months now, it shows up in waves on livejournal and I catch it regularly in my akismet queue in wordpress. I see it everywhere, still. If there's a form, something will try to post a link in it. >I've totally outsourced my blog comments to Disqus That's all well and good until someone writes a bot designed to target Disqus users because of the size of its userbase. Clearly the answer then is to kill all the humans. Look at it this way -- now you get to find another new way to easily beat comment spam. And then another. And then another... Some terms could use further disambiguation. For instance - 'lance armstrong' brings up lance, arms (but not arm) and armstrong (which is apparently an airport in Louisiana) but not Lance Armstrong. Cobra brings up the snake, the Cabinet Office Briefing Room but not the insurance plan. Still, it is pretty cool. skeleton + twig + laravel = no complaints. Great. Now make a big blue button to write the app for me as well, and a green one to send me all the money. Maybe a naive question/response on my part but why not rather encrypt it and hold it in a session? Or if you have to put something in a cookie, just a reference that points to some data on the server like an id, which has no real meaning to the end user? I meant storing it on the server - just preferring not to have any actual cc data on the cookie, even obfuscated or encrypted. It may be a distinction without a difference, though, I honestly have never dealt with anything more complex than your basic 'hash username and password and check the hash when they login' scheme. If it works, then it's genius and next month everybody does it. If it doesn't work, then there's still nothing pathetic about believing in yourself and trying to make yourself heard above the din. The worst that could happen is she doesn't get a job - not an unheard of situation to find oneself in. At the very least, the data (encrypted or no, but it should probably be encrypted) on the server related to a session lives outside the webroot, whereas in a cookie, even if it is encrypted, it's still essentially public. If there's no reason to have that data, explicitly, exposed in the client then why put it there? There are some sites for which exposing visitor IPs might present problems. I don't think php.net is one of those sites though. She's a kinetic interface engineer. I used to code in Notepad ages ago when I didn't know any better. It was ok, but for some weird reason now and then when I would save a file all of the linebreaks would disappear. I've never found out if that was an issue with notepad or windows or just some random dumb thing i was doing or what but I can't even touch it now. Notepad++ with its syntax highlighting is awesome. To be fair (and a pedant) that was for the sake of melodrama. The computers exploded in a shower of sparks during battle for the same reason. Rule of cool. I don't see how this proves the premise that 'radical christian' ethics are unique compared to non-christian or, presumably, non-radical christian ethics. In my opinion, this seems to undermine its own validity by invoking the ideals of a pagan philosopher to express the idea. edit: sorry, just realized it might not be your site being linked to so I rephrased my comment. But isn't it no longer Christian if you do? Where is the Biblical principle that "virtue is the mean between two vices?" And if you can adequately frame radical Christian ethics this way, doesn't it suggest that the ethics themselves are not Christian but human, and aside from the particular cultural and mythopoeic trappings of radical christianity, not even really fundamentally different? If so, different from what, and to what value? Let me use as an example the dilemma stated in the article, and the conclusion reached using the "radical Christian" metric: This leads us to our second option: redefining which spectrum of vices and virtues we use. Let’s imagine the classic thought experiment against pacifism: Someone is attacking your grandmother; do you fight the attacker or do nothing? By the standard metric above, only a coward would not fight. The courageous man—the virtuous and ethical man—would clearly fight. But I make decisions based on a different metric. On the one hand, I weigh my responsibility to the victim, and on the other hand I weigh my responsibility to the perpetrator. The virtuous person under this schema is the one who is able to treat both of them with perfect love; the vices are excessively favoring one side at the expense of the other. That is, the virtuous man intervenes but in a nonviolent way to stop the attack. Surely the thesis can't be that only a 'radical Christian' would be able to adopt this point of view? The final paragraph says "radical Christians tend to adopt this perspective" but where is the evidence that non-radical Christians of a pacifist nature tend not to? The provided charts don't really cut it. I'm worried about the other 99x if I decide to crank one out... Construct 2 uses Box2d and Easel.js I believe.. I've seen a number of html5 game tutorials on tutsplus for easel.js but they mostly seem to be "copy what the dev did step by step" as opposed to really explaining things well. Still this might be worth looking at. I'm wondering how long it'll take for someone to print acid on it. It's linked to a pastebin... should be obvious what's likely to be there. fair enough then. Nice, but what is the save button supposed to do, it doesn't seem to be working for me. did I get a downvote for that? why? It would be nice if there were something like a live preview. Also the aspect ratio is sometimes thrown off by resizing the images. Maybe set it up as a canvas editor in front (to allow for things like cropping and resizing the background) and send the data uri to the server? You'd be able to display true cmyk on an e-ink display wouldn't you? Or am I completely off on that? let's burn down the observatory so this never happens again! That is true... but there are designers who don't have better ways to make money out there so I wouldn't necessarily discount these sites completely. He would probably have better luck looking for local designers first, someone with which he can build a rapport. Is it possible to use just the alert features and disable the open/close mechanism? My first impression -- being able to open a deadbolt with a text message seems like a bad idea (sooner or later it has to become hackable) but knowing, remotely, when someone's knocked or used the deadbolt seems really useful. In this particular case, keeping track of the similarity between posts might have helped. There's no legitimate reason to post the exact same content several times that I'm aware of. Post quoting might end up being an issue though. You're right, I did. My mistake then. Still a newb. > I see it as an intermediary step on the path to totally rethinking doors and physical access in general. I don't believe doors and physical access in general need to be rethought, except maybe to improve the security of physical locks themselves. The 'big dumb thing between you and my stuff you'd need a sledgehammer to get past without a key' model has mostly worked for a good long while. (Or, fine, a crooked bit of wire if you're clever.) Why does that need to be disrupted? I suppose you're right to a degree when it comes to supermarket doors and some car locks, the idea that things should be so connected is certainly already present, and there's no reason to expect it not to saturate wherever it can. But there would remain real value to the low tech approach for a number of reasons. Physical locks are less expensive than networked locks would be. Networked locks would be subject to the vulnerabilities that come with being connected to the internet and being run by software, whereas physical locks wouldn't. I think Bruce Schneier said 'complexity is the enemy of security' (if not I'm sure I'll be corrected) and the analog stupidity of physical locks is what makes them useful. Although granted, physical locks can be hacked too, and are, I'd submit that the networked variety would likely be no less vulnerable to physical attack, and still more vulnerable to attacks over the network (so, implicitly, less secure.) A ubiquitous system for locks that somehow can identify you by proximity, can also be used to track your movements and whereabouts. Networked locks could be theoretically controlled from a remote location, leaving someone else to act as, essentially, the systems administrator for your physical access privileges. This is what they do in prisons. Applying the concept of separating someone from direct control over their physical access-space to a large scale, and it looks a bit ominous - at least if this assumes these network locks are also commonplace on cars, houses, hotel rooms, hospital rooms, etc. This is not even considering what happens when power goes out, or the network goes down. Physical locks still work without electrical power, and the tumblers only care about the piece of metal that's currently jammed into the slot and whether it moves the pins properly... principle of least privilege. I can see this sort of thing becoming somewhat more commonplace but I also see its spread as self-limiting. E-books aren't going to replace physical books, the internet isn't going to replace television, which hasn't replaced radio, which hasn't replaced theatre. In each case, the newer version of the technology does provide their own advantages and enhancements of the medium but not to the degree that the older, less complex version no longer has relevance. The future is never going to be that evenly distributed, this I believe. In a hundred years, some people might be genetically engineered posthuman cyborgs linked to a quantum hivemind, but someone, somewhere, will be living in village of mud and stone. People will still use physical locks because there's no real reason for most people not to. They could theoretically still work in a hundred years. Software doesn't age nearly as well as a steel bar through a door jamb. Someone please write a php interpreter in Python and call it "Phyton" just to spite this guy. Please? > Our bodies are designed to be in this reality and this is (presumably) what feels most natural to us. You would have to design humans to accept that reality, perhaps. I've believed all sorts of utterly incorrect things about myself and my reality while i've been dreaming, and not noticed the fluid nature of that experience until i woke up -- but that's because I had another state to wake up to , and some structure or system in my brain that differentiates between dreaming and waking stimuli, and prioritizes the latter over the former. Genetics can be altered, and with them, what the brain expects to be real. so.... it's a forum. Micro in what way? My first impression is I wanted the nine pictures on the front page to click somewhere and they didn't. They look a lot like UI elements, and I assumed they would lead to different pages. My basic, basic setup for building quick and dirty websites (before I started learning about frameworks)was to use Twig for templates and Skeleton for html/css. Having something like that (where your 'pages' would be child templates which extend the 'main' template containing everything around the container) makes style consistency and the workload of changing things much easier. I'd recommend repo.js ( http://darcyclarke.me/dev/repojs/ ) to embed your github account into your site to let people browse your work -- that with a cv page would give people a better organized idea of what you do and more importantly what you're offering. I can't comment on the blog? It doesn't seem like a blog without commenting. Also, having underlining show up on the link css on hover shifts the elements around and that's kind of annoying. You can't force people to like your site, be interested in your content or return. There's no magic bullet (if there were, I'd be able to pay off my student loans.) In your particular case, I would politely suggest that there's nothing particularly unique about tagxt in terms of user-experience, nothing novel in your approach to the format. As such, and as with the many forum/bbs sites already in existence, your primary draw will probably be the community and the kind of threads you have... I'm hanging out on Hacker News because the programming/hacking content interests me, for instance, not because the layout of HN is particularly clever. If this was Sports News, I wouldn't be quite as interested. It's all well and good to sell the sizzle but at some point there also needs to be a steak. tl;dr give them something to care about or wait for the community to build itself. well paying , no. Enough to put gas in the car... sometimes. Wow... an Aquaman movie that I might actually watch... I've done that with my last two phones -- currently i'm using a Samsung Galaxy Mini I bought off Ebay jailbroken for 100.00, with a t-mobile pay-as-you-go sim card in it. I don't miss data at all since I can get wifi plenty of places. Embrace Chandler's Maxim : 90% of everything is crap. Move on and make your own decisions. If there's a karma cost to upvoting shouldn't there be an equal karma cost to downvoting? naive but honest question -- aren't 'null' and 'false' different? Putting your own website up on github? That's an interesting idea. Offhand, though, have you considered using a templating system like Twig? If you ever do want to make a major change to the layout, that would make it a lot cleaner. I've used (even maybe abused ) ini-as-data files in some of my projects so it's cool to see someone else doing that. I did notice there didn't seem to be a link to navigate back to the projects page, you might consider working on the navigation a bit. Looks nice, though. I can't downvote yet so SAGE. This thing will be a hit in hotels and mall parking lots... Well crapbaskets. Authentication and crypto are areas where I know I'm nowhere near good enough to tell if what i'm doing works or not, other than trying to find out what the best practices happen to be and use what seems to have a good reputation. But the only constant in this field seems to be that everything I thought I knew was fatally horribly flawed from the start and that I might as well have just stuck all of my passwords in a plaintext file called "passwords.txt" because the only thing keeping my site from getting rooted was just having a terrible site nobody ever goes to. Still this should be an informative thread. Crushingly depressing and informative. >There shouldn't really be any reason for anyone to starve in such a world. There is, because having food when your neighbor starves gives you power over them. Even in a world where all the work is done by robots, unless all the decisions about what work is done, how much and for whom, are also being made by robots, someone will find a way to oppress someone else with the system. The future is already here — it's just not very evenly distributed. William Gibson, maybe People do post things besides SQL dumps there. It provides a really convenient and valuable service. You should be more concerned that Adobe was so easy to hack. Especially considering the existence of Creative Cloud, and its overlap with the Business Catalyst service. Just like the "report abuse" link actually does something. Why do you assume it doesn't? I realize it's not always that way... but is often enough. This seems like confirmation bias. Pastebin gets I don't know, thousands of pastes a day. How many did you check versus total traffic in a given time? Stop suggesting that it's a den of thieves if, apart from legitimate usage, thieves also find it convenient. Thieves find email convenient as well. Getting rid of pastebin doesn't solve any problems. As for the "creative cloud," it's actually more expensive than buying the software. I know. But my point was that, for creative cloud users access to all of their Adobe software and the admin panels for their BC sites fall under a single Adobe account login. It's a real problem if it turns out Adobe puts little effort into database and password security. I mean I'm an idiot when it comes to this stuff but even I know to use PDO and blowfish. my gmail password is close to 40 characters. It would be impossible to manage without keepass. I just assume that any password you can recall from memory is not secure enough. I wonder when "correct horse battery staple" will start to become the new "passw0rd123"... I don't have much hardware technical background (I'm a web developer / designer), (...) and all the components are already existing (...) I would be interested to know why you feel that, without any actual training in the relevant fields, you can accomplish on the cheap what the actual researchers and engineers with funding and training and high-tech equipment haven't been able to? If you don't understand why others have failed, how can you claim to even understand the problem, much less provide its solution? I would be interested to know what an actual engineer or physicist thinks of the details -- they're useless to me. Good luck. You might have a pretty steep hill to climb with this one. In my experience, users consider ads to be the antithesis of content ... for the most part, they don't want to interact with ads at all, much less choose to interact more . Also you appear to have an issue in your templates where divs and links aren't nesting properly, like instead of That's the reason viral marketing even exists, to present advertising to users in a way that doesn't carry the stigma of being advertising. It looks like you're wanting to do the opposite. If you can figure out a way to accomplish the same trick with banner ads, and get people to treat overt advertising as something fun, and actually generate revenue, the world will beat a path to your door as they say. Unless you're google, I would much prefer to have something I can read the source code of and install myself. I've tried having forms generated by javascript over a honeypot, and hashing the field names to make them impossible to memorize. I don't know yet how effective those would be but i'm sure people are going to complain about the js forms. It's already bitten me because I can't use a password manager to login to my own admin panel. Still though there is something to be said for your forms not having a static fingerprint maybe. Nothing can be done about targeted attacks I think, besides not being worth the effort, or having moderators and constantly adapting. I wonder how much randomness you can introduce into the posting process, though, before it's no longer worth the effort. Add a csrf value to the form action? Rearrange the order of the fields? Add a captcha based on an average of the edit distance of an IP's previous posts, with a random threshold? I wonder whether the problem of captcha farming could be mitigated using branded captchas (which obviously don't belong to a site they might be injected into) and checking referers, and also making them complicated enough that they're not worth whatever the typical per-captcha rate is. Something visual, like a puzzle captcha, instead of filling text out. Then again, that captcha might end up being too complicated for regular users to be willing to fill out as well. This is a complete disruption of the equipercussive human transport space. Within a surveillance society, however, most of the effort involved with the loss of liberty is taken care of by the loss of privacy. Once you can track someone's whereabouts constantly, in realtime, and gain access their communications, know where they've been, where they plan to be, what assets they have, and who their friends are, ending their liberty becomes a minor exercise in telling the black vans where to be and when. You know too much. wonder if a surveillance society could work if everyone was allowed access to the information. http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=eG0KrT6pBPk tl;dw -- it does. You could make one. That's the easy part, though. Getting people to show up would be the hard part. How is hellbanning supposed to be better than, say, a mod telling someone off or banning them and giving a reason for the ban? Assuming hellbanned users are actual spammers, they're still generating spam. Assuming they're not, legitimate and potentially interesting content is being stifled. Killfiles probably wouldn't solve that specific problem But I think they might be more equitable. Maybe if users could spend karma to upvote them out of a hellban? I have a Samsung Galaxy Mini I bought jailbroken off of Ebay for about 100 dollars. I use a pay-as-you-go card for calls and free wifi for the internet -- except for the part where I don't dare login to anything because anyone could probably root it on a whim, it's pretty awesome. T-mobile. Payments through their website are a bit broken though, currently the only way I can put more minutes on is to use the refill cards, they don't seem to be able to accept my debit card. ...sexy robots. Aren't JSON and Markdown ways of defining content, as opposed to layout? You would still need HTML or some equivalent to turn them into a document, even if they are 'human readable' natively. I would argue that manufacturing is real work. No matter how brilliant your advertising strategy is, or how well you sell the sizzle, someone has to make the steak. But... after the advertising does its work and brings people in, the customer's experience with the product supplants their experience with the advertising. Try to keep people coming back after you've fired your chefs and decided to only employ part-time cooks, because you believe any idiot can cook a steak. I think the attitude that labor is qualitatively unskillful or that even unskilled labor isn't critical to the value of a company (where that labor produces the product the company sells) is misguided. Quality often matters in surprising areas throughout the process, as does experience. If people come in expecting a great steak and they get something the busboy tossed into a microwave, they're just going to feel lied to. And rightly so. Sorry, I was replying to dfxm and to you collectively and now I see I probably should have split it up into separate comments or something. I don't think the steak's extrinsic value (which definitely exists, and is generated by advertising and the 'decision makers') is greater than its intrinsic value, which I do believe is real and comes from labor... but quibbling over that might be splitting hairs. I just started using Git and Github myself... and for me, github itself is useful as an online backup for a repository (git itself being incredibly useful in terms of organizing projects) and just having a github profile looks better on your resume, etc than not having one. At the very least, your code is right there to be looked at. You can always start a number of personal projects or dust off some old ones and put them up on github. That's basically what I did... take code I can't really sell and use it to sell myself. Such as it is. A lot of searches for php and jquery -- and lately the hack attempts that show up in my server logs, just to see what vulnerabilities they're trying to exploit. Yeah, that's the problem with automation isn't it? The point is not to free the mind of the common salaryman from the burden of manual labor but just to free the company of the burden of employees, much less of paying them more to do something else. And when there are no more bottom tier positions left which haven't been filled by a machine or outsourced for a tenth of your salary (to someone who's going to be replaced by a machine themselves in a few years)... too bad for you I guess. Just remember when it comes to your code, there are no exceptions, only 'happy accidents.' I usually just open a text editor and dump my thoughts into it. If you can integrate, maybe, a canvas image editor and a text editor then you'd have something at least a bit more useful than Notepad++ for me in that regard. Being able to easily export and import will be nice too. Javascript objects can be overwritten though, can't they? A malicious user if they succeed in getting their code into the same context just has to make sure it runs after window.sandbox is initialized, and replace that with, say, null, and then do whatever they want. I keep getting 'geolocation is not supported by this browser' js prompts every time the page loads, which is _extremely_ annoying.