Is there any other language that encodes its error messages so they are 100% XSS safe? I would assume somebody in FB just said the lawyers "this guy is using our API in a way we do not condone, send him C&D so he would stop" and the lawyers made it as broad as possible since if they make it too broad nothing bad happens but if it's too narrow and the guy finds a way to wiggle around it it's their fail. Nobody in FB probably cares if the same guy would ever post a status on FB or share a picture of lolcats. They just wanted the plugin to be removed. If they also spread some fear around so nobody else does it too - it's even better for them, even though it's not what they probably cared about too much. So if such corporation would be public and it would oppose, say, SOPA and I believed SOPA creates great public benefit and owned shares of such corporation, I could sue it for not promoting the public benefit and actually force the company to come out and support SOPA? How that makes any sense? And how the courts would even decide such case - no legal definition of public benefit exists or even possible? If you wanted to make profits and to build a better world, what prevented you from setting a regular company and a charity and have the former donate to the latter? A lot of people donate millions of dollars this way. It looks like it's one of those feel-good laws that everybody pats themselves on the backs about how they promoted public benefit and nobody even thinks about how it would work or what would be the consequences... The thing here is that if they can claim good faith and it is a protection for them, then the whole setup is meaningless - they could always claim "we thought it's a good idea" even if shareholders think it's a terrible one. Public good is a matter of opinion, and anybody can claim any opinion. If, however, this provision is not toothless and useless, then I don't see how it can not create additional potential liability. Of course, it can play both ways - i.e. the management can both claim public good as defense for controversial actions and be attacked on public good grounds for them. It's just an additional complication, compounded by absence of any clarity on the question of what the said good is. It is telling that your document does not give a clear answer to the question of additional liability, basically saying "we're reducing liability, no, wait, we're increasing it and it's a good thing!". That's pretty messed up that people trying to start a business in America are considered criminals. Then again, it's not with the visas only - even being fully legal resident or citizen, you still need papers and permits and licenses to do business, or you're a criminal. It's like they go out of their way to discourage people from doing business. This is completely true. If somebody's house stinks and is ugly, it's totally within his right to say to everybody: "don't like the stink? Don't come to my house!". However, the house doesn't stop to stink because of that :) I think US immigration policies could use a lot of improvement (using more polite expression here) and their implementation, including proneness of some personnel to power trips, could use a lot of improvement too. I myself crossed US border many times (not a citizen) and never had a bad experience, but I have read enough horror stories to conclude it happens much more often than it should have. And yes, nobody forces anybody to come to the US, and yes, it's totally within rights of the US to deny entry to any non-citizen and be as rude as they want while doing it. But that does not negate the facts expressed above, and I think US would significantly benefit if they fixed it. Saying "don't like our border guards - stay the hell out" won't benefit anybody. I don't know. If the candidate can find a code on the net that does what he wants, it's not bad. In some situations, even better than writing the code by himself ;) The topic was not about catching terrorists at all. But even if it were you'd be wrong. I'm sure all the terrorists also used cars and probably brushed their teeth. So what? The point of security is to figure out relevant things - that distinguish terrorist from non-terrorist - from irrelevant. Coming from US/Canada border is clearly an irrelevant thing - millions of people come through and even if one of them is a terrorist treating all of them as a terrorists would be highly ineffective. Moreover, it's even worse than ineffective - it's hurtful. Since the officers can't spend hours on every border-crosser, each innocent they wrongly detain raises the chance that they won't have the resources to inspect the real bad guy, because they were busy with harassing the good guy. The fail here is that they denied entrance to the innocent. Imagine spam filter that would put a lot of legitimate email into "spam" folder - would you argue it's an excellent thing to have because once 10 years ago you had one spam in your inbox - or would you argue it needs to be rewritten and fixed so that the false positive rate would go down? Nobody argues for no border protection at all. But border protection that confuses protecting with harassing the innocent has clearly lost the vision of its purpose and needs to be reminded of it. And if somebody from the personnel can't understand the difference he should be given a job that doesn't involve contact with people - like cesspool cleaning or monitoring early-warning radar stations in the Arctic. For many card transactions the credit card company would issue chargeback in the case of fraud for the merchant, which will end up losing money and paying additional fees. So the losing party is frequently not the CC company but the seller. Losing credit can be a problem too, especially if one has regular bills coming through credit card, which are not problem regularly, but if part of the credit is frozen by the fraudulent activity, this may become a mess. I'm not sure how all banks behave during a fraud dispute, but they very well may reduce credit by the disputed amount until the dispute is resolved, even without the owner having to pay anything. One thing to consider here is that it may be fast advancing because it is advancing from such a low positions. With more than a billion people, Chinese economic potential is enormous, far exceeding any other country. The fact that the have almost the same GDP as Japan while having more than 10 times more population and huge natural resources can be explained only by broken political and economic system. It is slowly moving out towards being somewhat less broken, but one would be deeply mistaken taking this as a sign that one should take it as an example to follow in its current state. People still go to lectures - or find them on YouTube, download them from the web or torrents, etc. And the debates are as much "attended" and more - people just don't have to be physically there anymore. It's all right with Americans and thinking - it's just most of them don't turn their thinking towards government. Which is a blessing - it is brilliant minds who brought us the current financial crisis, for example, with their delusions about their ability to calculate risks and always stay on top of the game (check out Nassim Taleb about this). Mediocre people bring mediocre failures, brilliant people would bring spectacular - and catastrophic - ones. If a brilliant scientific theory fails, well, a couple of egos are brused, but nobody's hurt. If a brilliant political theory fails, millions die. Look what happened to marxism. They thought of themselves as political scientists building society on a rational scientific basis. No emotions, no stupid democratic politicking, just straightforward implementation of proper science. Worst nightmare of the century. I'd rather take the bumbling mediocrities in the government, thank you very much. I don't like them but at least they are less dangerous this way. If you take the view that government is needed to protect people's rights (you know, "to secure these rights governments are instituted among men") as opposed to providing people with solutions for their problems - then the question becomes easy. Why should we? Who said scientists are better in protecting one's rights than, say, cops or doctors or lawyers or plumbers? I do not see anything in scientific training that makes scientists uniquely suitable for that. I would prefer, naturally, to have smart people protecting my rights, as this way they will be more effective in it, but one can be smart without being a scientist. Of course, the government would always have a lot of purely technical questions where scientific training would allow one to decide them efficiently - but these always would be secondary roles and rarely need to be elected, but rather properly hired, which can be done by any decent manager. So why should we elect more scientists? How do you think science is made? Guesswork, trial and error are inherent instruments of the science - it's called "hypothesis" and "experiment". Only in the case of politics and economics an experiment may cost lives and wrong hypothesis may lead to millions losing their livelihoods and their very lives. I'd rather prefer them doing it with the lab mice than myself. And the dichotomy is very real - governmental redistribution and social engineering is very different thing from defending people's rights. You can claim the government could do both - though practice suggests it is often contradictory as redistribution and social engineering involves coercion - but it is still very different things and very different approaches. If one subscribes to the "rights" approach, than asking to elect more scientists is the same as asking to elect more plumbers - one would recognize plumbers are extremely helpful in their area of expertise, but what it has to do with the elections? Here's the danger of making assumptions about people you don't know on the internet. As it happens, I not only read the manifesto, I was born and raised in the country that had the study of the discipline of "Scientific communism" a requirement for getting any higher education: http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Scientific_communism So I have a very good reason to assume that my background in both theory and practice of Marxist regimes is no less than yours. While one could have legitimate differences on the merits of teaching of Marx, it is obvious to any informed person that they were presented as the scientific basis for building new kind of society both in theory and in practice. Even if the theory was false and the practice made it degrade into dogmatic repetition of meaningless drivel, it was still presented as the scientific approach and meant to be so. I think you are referring to the Chinese Cultural Revolution (I can not think about anything that fits your description in the Soviet history, for example) - but that has little to do with Marxism and does not follow from it. Of course, almost all communist regimes feature mass purges, especially at the beginning of their rule, but usually these purges are not specifically aimed at intellectuals but at "old elites" in order to destroy the existing power relationships and establish the new ones. I do not see anything specifically anti-intellectual in Marxist theory or practice. Elections can not be anything but the "popularity game" by the very definition - one that is most popular, i.e. appeals to the most people - wins the election. The only way to avoid it is to abolish the elections and the democracy. Now what constitutes the basis of this popularity - is it good looks, smooth talk, shiny awards or ability to promise most appealing bribes to the least moral populace - can differ. It would be nice if everybody would be so educated as to use only the "right" criteria to choose the most appealing candidate - the only wrinkle is nobody has any idea what those right criteria are and what makes one a successful manager on the scale of millions of people. We do know that many of the criteria in popular use - like spousal fidelity 30 years ago, formal education degree, or ability to successfully fake sincerity - are pretty bad predictors, but since we have very short supply of good ones, people have to do with what we have. I have adopted the following policy about Wikipedia, and I think it reflects current state of affairs: 1. It is a decent repository for bare facts that can be easily verified elsewhere, but assembled there in convenient form. E.g. if you need to know the population of Nepal, Wikipedia article about Nepal is a good way to go, even though multiple other sources are available. 2. It is a decent source of links for more complex material - e.g., if you want to get a quick idea about what suprematism is, without knowing anything about it, and how to start researching the topic, you can use Wikipedia article, extract such keywords as "visual art", "Malevich", "russian avant-garde", etc. and take it from there if you're interested. 3. It is a somewhat useful, but a dangerous source about any concepts that are in any way controversial - you should verify all claims and read all links, but you can use it as an assembly of links and keywords, without assigning too much importance to any narrative. 4. It is absolutely useless for understanding any seriously controversial topic, as at best controversial articles would selectively present facts, reflecting biases of the writers, at worst - explicitly promote specific approach to the topic, which will be ruthlessly enforced by either the mob of opinionated editors or the wiki bureaucracy masterfully exploited by biased insiders. To the defense of Wikipedia, some mainstream encyclopedic sources, especially ones published in non-free countries, suffer from even worse bias problems. I don't think there's a solution for this, except using one's own mind and take everything told to you with a grain of salt and check it when possible. Obviously, the topic described in the article falls into the third or fourth category, and so expecting Wikipedia to have anything but bare facts (like dates when it happened, names of the participants, etc.) right would be a bet, and not a safe one. In most cases it'd be whatever the random Wikipedia "guardian" or anonymous mob of agenda-bearers wants it to be. Sometimes the experts make the fuss that hits some popular media and particular article gets better, but most would give up and decide not to waste their time. Note that US warning quotes specific laws and specific paragraphs, while UK warning does not specify anything and pushes some recording industry alliance site (I wonder is somebody got paid for this?) So if I upgraded to that version (which after nightmares I've seen my fellow coworkers undergo after upgrading to Lion I'm not very keen to do) I'll be greeted by the system that by default does not let me to install any software except one approved by the OS maker without annoying me with scary warnings that will not be even read, let alone understood, by 99.9% of its users? I think I know one OS that already does that. There was a view held by some that Apple innovates and then other companies (including certain Redmond one) copy. Now it seems to be going in the opposite direction. No, 99% of people will be using whatever they used before to get programs. Because these programs won't be in App Store, at least for quite a while, so people will get trained in ignoring those warnings and turning them off. The direct consequence of the system that brands thousands of legit and safe apps "dangerous" would be desensitizing of users to this system and training them that the warnings system gives mean nothing and proper reaction to them is turning it off. You yourself would do this once asked to install new IM program that somehow isn't in Apple store. And then virus.app would have absolutely no problem running. While it is indeed despicable to imagine that there's a different law for big and small companies, it is long known that the size of actual and potential harm is considered when crime and punishment is being discussed. One would probably get different punishment for stealing $10 and stealing $100K (though if you manage to steal $100M you may actually get away with it, but that's another story). If his lawyer would argue (and a good lawyer probably should) that "he did no harm to anyone, of course it's illegal but he didn't mean to hurt anything and he did not, so let's not throw the book at him" - it could influence the outcome. In this case, the judge didn't buy it. I know and do realize. I know there are people in jail in California for not stealing anything at all but enjoying in their privacy some activities that the government does not condone and considers bad for them, so it puts them in jail, which is obviously much better for them. I realize all the sad state of it. I'm just noting one small point that the size of the harm does matter and always had and will matter in the court, whatever we may be thinking about it. There are two general reasons not to trust Facebook: 1. The reason not to trust {big company X} is that there's no reason to trust them. Their interests are not your interests. They are big enough that loss of one client is nothing for them. They have more lawyers than you have dollars, so short of overt crimes they would be able to do anything with your data and you could do nothing to them. They are popular enough that if they don't screw up something major they can live with significant number individuals pissed off about them and not care the least. 2. Facebook management's position, which they expressed a number of times publicly, is that anonymity is harmful and privacy has no value and should not exist on the internet. Here's but one example: http://www.readwriteweb.com/archives/facebooks_zuckerberg_sa... If I had to choose one company that should not be trusted with my private info that would be the one whose founder publicly states that privacy should not exist. In short, consider any info going into Facebook as if it were to be published in New York Times. If you're not OK with that - keep it to yourself. Why OpenID failed? I see more and more services - including ones I use literally every day - using it. I wouldn't mind having a paid membership in a library that carries O'Reilly's books and like. I would also probably try to convince my company to have one (and that would mean much bigger budget there). Most of such books are needed only for a relatively short periods of time and then sit there gathering dust for years. The library would be ideal for such things. I don't say this would necessarily work, there are many problems with this idea that would need to be resolved, but on the face of it I don't see why it couldn't work. One can make a honest mistake about the facts and the law. If every time that somebody is mistaken were to be severely punished, suing a large well lawyered entity would be completely impossible, since in the event of loss one will be surely ruined financially by the mandatory punishment. If however one can see that the suit is frivolous or malicious and it was known and explained to them and they still chose to proceed, then the punishment may be due. But in this case it still can be argued that they honestly thought the law was on their side, even if they were wrong. Well, that's exactly the point of the case - if the defendant decrypts it, by that fact he proves he knew the password - meaning, he is the owner of the drive and had control over it. Giving by that to the police proof of both that the content was illegal and that he owned it. Unfortunately for them (but fortunately for the defendant) the court did not go their way. The suspect could have told about it to somebody, or somebody (like informant) could have seen it sometime ago, or maybe even gave it to him while working undercover, or they could have observed the suspect receiving the file while working on the specific computer (i.e. via wiretap or by observing the connections on the sending side or while in transit). Of course, there's no proof that between that and current moment something didn't happen and the file wasn't deleted - but at least if it was not, the fact that it existed would not be news. That's like if I give somebody a secret document and he puts it in the safe, then the fact that he has the document in the safe is not news to me - even though in the meantime somebody could have broken into the safe and stolen it, for example, so I can't be 100% sure it's actually there. There's probably a lot of opportunities in news aggregation on multiple level. My RSS feeds list on Google Reader is way longer than I can manage to read. If I had a clone (i.e. somebody who knows exactly what I find interesting) I'd definitely have him do that and tell me just the interesting stuff. Absent that, paying somebody to do a good approximation of it would be reasonable, if it's not too expensive. I'm pretty sure you can do the same generator does with iterators in PHP. Traits in PHP 5.4 probably cover most of use cases where you may want multiple inheritance. Decorators are superior in Python though, no real replacement for it in PHP. Unfortunately tests page for PHP does not mention PHPUnit: http://www.phpunit.de/manual/3.6/en/index.html which is the best solution for testing in PHP. Neither it mentions xdebug for debugging and xhprof for profiling. I wonder what they mean by security testing? What exactly are they testing and how? BTW given that there's no security patches released for 5.2 anymore (while bugs are still being found and published of course) - their understanding of security is certainly unorthodox. I am not a citizen, but I crossed into the US many times, and never had any trouble with CBP. But I know they do have a lot of power and I can totally believe some of them can't deal with it, especially when suitably provoked or think they are. Unfortunately it is very hard to estimate the extent of the problem based on third-party anecdotal evidence. Definitely not all of them. A lot of left politicians raised a living hell about Patriot Act while Bush was in power, but shut up and silently agreed with its extensions and never raised their voice agains TSA and such once Obama came to power. Some were more principled, but I definitely not seeing the same fuss in the same places about it as there was when the people who are now in power were in opposition. Actually, it is a fact that as a visitor you have almost no rights towards US border agents. Well, of course they could not murder you or anything like that, but they can search any of your belongings and your person without any reason and any suspicion of actual crime, can refuse your entry on their sole discretion, can detain you if something looks wrong to them, etc. etc. I'm pretty sure though it's the same in other countries. And why would TSA agents care about TSA reputation? They are just a hired clerks, and their pay is not that spectacular, and they get very little respect for what they are doing, and for many of them that job is just a step towards a better federal job. I'm not saying that to justify them - it was their choice to go for this job and stay on it - but it is what it is. TSA is a bunch of semi-professional clerks following instructions which they by now must know do not really contribute much to anything and they by now must also know many of the people they meet on the job every day are either disgusted by what they are doing or consider them useless and annoying. It's very hard to be happy doing such job, and even harder to find as many people as needed to do it and be happy about it. So no wonder you meet some unhappy ones, it's a natural consequence of TSA being TSA. I'm not feeling safe. When I'm talking to Israeli security who actually try to evaluate who I am and if I'm dangerous, I feel safer. When I meet TSA agent that grabs my ass because his instructions says he has to do that to everybody, I don't feel safer. I feel I just participated in idiotic spectacle. I also get reminded that as a taxpayer I am paying a capable healthy person to spend his day touching other people's asses because instructions say so, when he could actually be earning a honest living instead doing something productive. Feeling safer is never even nearly there. Also it is faster and much better on memory consumption (depends on app of course, but 10-20% speedup and 20-30% less peak memory have been observed on some mainstream apps). Disclosure upfront: I'm an SO fanboy. I used EE back at its glory days, and I can say there's a world of difference between EE and SO. EE felt as it was a site built to make money, and the particular vehicle they used is to host questions and answers. SO feels as a site built to create questions&answers community, and they are making money out of it. There's a subtle difference about it, but it felt throughout the site - how it was designed, how workflows were organized, etc. Of course, I might be wrong and SO founders may be just evil geniuses tricking myself and everybody else, but the feeling is distinctly different from EE. Of course, SO also has much superior engine, user interface and benefit of years of experience that EE didn't have back then. Yes, most probably you will see significant improvements. Of course, it depends on your app - if your app spends 99% of time in SQL database calls, PHP can do nothing about it. But PHP part would be faster and take less memory. I wouldn't be so sure. This particular guy may be gone to retire on his private island or whatever, but the industry still will be there. And so far they are winning and the rest of the internet is losing. Right now they already acquired capability to take any site off the internet merely by sending a message to the services provider, and take any content off a popular site like YouTube by using an interface specially built for them, often without any human intervention or consideration for real rights. They are completely exempt from any due process and from the concept of "innocent until proven guilty". When it comes to copyright, it's shoot first, sort out later, and they're holding the biggest guns ever. So the industry confidence that internet users will get tired and with relentless pressure the industry will succeed to take more and more rights from them is completely founded. This is what happened repeatedly up until now, and winning one instance doesn't change it. There will be more laws like SOPA, and if past experience predicts anything there is a very big chance that they will succeed in sneaking it in one way or another. At least that's exactly what happened till now and we don't have an effective solution for that - so far they had only a handful of failures, and they found new ways of doing the same. For example, they failed with SOPA that was to give them DNS control - but they effectively control big parts of DNS already, see recent HN stories about Godaddy and Verisign domain takedowns. And they won't stop until they will have same as SOPA and more. If freedom limitations applied only to people that I consider to be bad, and that authorities agree with me, I'd support it wholeheartedly. After all, bad people don't need same rights to due process as good people, and since I'm one of the good people, it could never happen that my rights would be infringed because somebody thought I'm bad and authorities sided with him and not me. Sounds about right. +1 to that. In other comments people discuss if Microsoft was "convicted monopolist" or not - but much more important point is that all those convictions were absolutely useless and only represented chest-pounding and money-grabbing. What undermined Microsoft grip on OS and browser markets wasn't EU parliament or US DOJ. It was enterprising people offering viable alternatives. It is said that there's no bigger enemy of capitalism than capitalists. Big established businesses hate competition and would be much more comfortable enjoying lunches with government officials then competing with thousands of new kids on the block threatening to undermine them. So no wonder Microsoft seeks this route when it is available to them and wants to leverage politicians into competitive advantage. The power is out there, do you expect them just to ignore it? If the politicians take on themselves to be the judges of the markets, no wonder major markets players come to them and try to make them see things their way! This is happening and will keep happening inevitably. Of course, these tactics look stinky to the public, and it's proper to expose them - but don't expect them to go anywhere as long as there are politicians that have huge powers over the markets and players there. It's not like Microsoft is unique in doing something like this - every major player is doing it every day. Well, expecting popular blog with open anon access not to have trolls is rather naive. The reality is, however sad it seems, that there are thousands of people out there that enjoy this exactly type of behavior. And some of them, oh horror, may know how to program and read the same blogs normal people do. And until technology allows to find and punch somebody in the face by IP, they'll be around. They don't represent any community, no more that a bird crapping on your car represents the local community. Cleaning up after the breach constitutes of two parts: 1. Changing passwords, removing unauthorized changes/fraudulent transactions, etc. dealing with evil people accessing info that shouldn't be accessed. 2. Notifying clients of vulnerability existence, securing the system properly and changing procedures so that such kind of breach would have less chance of happening again. In the white hat scenario, the first part does not exist and the white hat does not actually do anything harmful. The second part still exists and can cost tons of money, but this part is not the fault of the person who found the problem. So while the costs _after_ a benign "intrusion" like was done to Github can be substantial - both in money and reputation, the costs _because_ of it are much less, since most of the costs weren't caused by it, it only exposed the pre-existing need of bear those costs. Like a doctor diagnosing somebody with serious illness - he's not at fault that the person now has to spend tons of money on drugs and medical procedures. You can do better? As smart man as you are surely can figure out where to send the patches. Main problem there is $foo→bar()() which seems to be harder to implement on top of existing parser. Otherwise the patch is here: https://wiki.php.net/rfc/fcallfcall but since it's not complete it wasn't merged. It's not "one liner", and couldn't be if you understand how PHP engine works. But it wasn't super-hard to implement, just nobody got to it till now. It did not "get out of hand" by any measure. Once there was a consensus that this feature is needed by the significant part of PHP community, it was implemented. Could it be done earlier? Maybe, so could a lot of other nice things. What's so surprising in that? FBI can probably hire an expert in any existing technology. I'm sure they have very smart people working for them, and if they need they can always use outside consultants. I'd be pretty surprised and disappointed if they didn't have some experts with knowledge in everything that pertains to internet security, cracking, etc. There's a whole industry about that, for years now, so why not? As Reiser case showed, some very smart people think that they are so smart as to get away with anything, but in practice they're just humans like everybody else, and will eventually make a mistake that takes them down. It doesn't say his whole job is to be TOR expert. He could have knowledge in TOR - one doesn't have to be exceptionally knowledgeable to be considered "expert" in legalese, regular working knowledge of the matter allowing him to make informed conclusions like "this set of packets is a TOR traffic going to this IP" should be enough - and other matters too. I suspect this has a lot to do with recruiters/HR being the intermediate. If I hire a programmer, I'd prefer him of course to know the platform he's working on and hit the ground running, but I'd much rather have a good programmer that can learn a new platform and become productive in a month than a mediocre one which knows the platform but will be mediocre forever. The problem, however, is that if I am a software engineering team leader, there's no way I can talk (or have anybody from my team talk) to every candidate out there to see if they're good. I will have to use somebody to screen people, even before they get to the interview. So recruiters, etc. come in. And it's very easy for them to operate on the keyword basis and very hard for them to find out who's good and who's not. So they do what's easy, since otherwise they'd be out of business or seriously hurt their competitiveness. Networking is and always was the best and easiest way to make relationships, and hiring is a relationship. So no wonder going through friends works better than blindly sending a resume to somebody having to connection to you. "There's a reason that Silicon Valley is almost entirely white, male, and under 40, and it has nothing to do with technical aptitude." Your Silicon Valley must be very different from one I had the opportunity to observe. For the last 10+ years of my working in the programming area, the only problem that I constantly observed everywhere was hiring good people. There probably was a time around dotcom crash when supply actually exceeded demand and nobody was hiring, but that passed quickly. Normally what I see and hear - internally, externally, in conferences, etc. is "do you know anybody good that does X? We're hiring". Maybe of course I'm living in a bubble but that has to be big enough bubble to accomodate significant number of people. You can also see it in other way. Just look at the salaries - if supply exceeds demand so much, the salaries should be pretty darn low, right? It's better have low paid work than no work at all, after all. So, are they? I would disagree. There are questions which if you fail to answer this means your understanding of the field is near zero. For SQL, I would say question about "which kind of joins there are and why" is like this - if you don't understand this, you don't understand relational databases. Which may be OK if the job does not require that, but at least you'll know that about the candidate. Another thing is that some candidates (or their recruiters?) "inflate" their resumes claiming expert knowledge for things that they heard about in passing or maybe did some trivial task with it. Asking such trivia knowledge allows to find it out very quickly - if one claims to be SQL expert with 5 years of experience and don't know what inner join is - he's probably lying. And this is a bad sign - to start relationship with a lie. I know some people like to do that (especially because of the keyword-match approach) but it's a huge turnoff to start an interview with a supposed expert in the field you need and find out the most work he did in the field was a toy project 10 years ago in college of which he remembers nothing and isn't even interested in doing that. I know I didn't notice it back then but did notice it now (and it's a neat trick which I didn't encounter before), so for me reposting worked. No, it's not like that at all. RoR is a very specific application, if you can't write a controller then you probably don't know RoR, but it doesn't say you don't know programming in general. Yes, you can have relational database that doesn't use SQL at all - how many of those are around and popular though? There are some, but not many. What are the chances that you worked with a lot RDBMS, yet never encountered SQL even at the basic level, and it is not immediately evident from your resume, which still says "SQL"? But OK, if that's the situation, you can say "you know, I worked with non-SQL relational databases, and let me tell you about this cool thing I've done that is way better than SQL JOIN can do" - and that might be fine too. Usually though the case is just that people inflate their resumes and think they won't be called out on it. It's very unpleasant because when you interview somebody whose resume looks good, you unconsciously plan that you'd get a great addition to your team - and then you discover he doesn't even know joins... Bummer. BTW, inner join has nothing to do with MySQL inner nuances - it exists in virtually any SQL implementation out there AFAIK. I'm not sure the comparison to unions is proper. Let's see. Unions are about limiting freedom - limiting freedom of employees to work where the want and do what they want with they money (with unions, they can't work unless they join the union, they have to pay union duties and they have to abide by unions rules), and limiting the freedom on employers to hire (or cease to hire) anybody they want on conditions that are freely negotiated between them. Now, some may consider this limiting of freedoms beneficial and desirable, but it's limiting anyway. Now, most of the people in free software movement are the exact opposite of that - they want to expand other people's choices and let them do more stuff, not less. However, some fraction of the movement (and I'm not going to name names, anybody is free to guess who they are) does want to limit choices of others in order to make them behave in ways they approve. They believe it is for the better of all, but however you take on that question is, you must recognize there's this agenda and the goal of it is to limit choices of other people in order to make them behave in a certain way. Of course, they do not go nearly as far as unions do - while unions may very well be able to deny you the use of your own property and work, these people would only at the worst deny you the use of the fruits of their work, not yours, which is completely different league. So while for the most of the software movement comparison to unions is completely off base, there's some semblance of analogy between some parts of it and unions, but even there it's only hint of resemblance, far short of being in the same ballpark. My experience shows that tests is not very useful in protecting from "hard" mistaken (like unusual combination of inputs, missing condition branch coverage, etc) because even with 100% code coverage you don't actually cover 100% of input/state combinations. And things you didn't think in development are usually things you didn't think in tests too. Tests are, however, always been amazingly helpful for me in: 1. Protecting me from stupid mistakes like using wrong variable in parameters, etc. (yes, it is embarrassing to have something like this, but I better be embarrassed by test and fix it before anybody seen it than be embarrassed by somebody else hitting it when using my code). 2. Ensuring refactoring and adding new things didn't break anything. 3. After "hard" bug has been found, ensuring it never reoccurs again. As for dealing with authentication, etc. - that's what unit tests are for, testing stuff that is under these layers directly. And I don't see it matters what you are using for tests - almost any framework would do fine, it's having tests that matters, not how you run them. I think you can unit-test javascript too, though I never had to deal with it myself so I don't know how. Closed shops are perfectly legal in the US. Only 23 states in the US have right-to-work laws. "Errr. Unions don't stop employees from changing jobs or spending their money how they want. I don't understand where you get this from at all." Unions demand (in closed shops) from employees to give them part of the money as dues, and compel them to participate in union activities (such as strikes, etc.). It is true they do not limit how they rest of the money is spent - but I never claimed they take all the freedoms away. I claimed they limit them - by requiring payments and forcing to take part in their actions. "Part of the freedom to negotiate conditions is the freedom (non-compulsory) to allow a union to negotiate on your behalf" This is true, however in many union shops you do not have this choice. You either accept collectively bargaining conditions or you can not be hired. You can not just come to your employer and negotiate separately. Appointing somebody to negotiate on your behalf does not limit freedom, giving him exclusive right to negotiate - and that's how many unions are working in the US - does. No, my definition of freedom is not "odd", yours is. You are confusing "free" with "comfortable" - you can be perfectly comfortable (highly paid, well fed and cared for, respected, etc.) and be a slave (look into the ancient world - famous Aesop, for example, was a slave), or be completely free and be a penniless hobo. Freedom has nothing to do with salary. You can say you would gladly give up your freedom for a decent wage and union lawyers - fine, it's your choice. But you can not make this choice for anybody else. That's their freedom. These guys are trying to be funny, but in fact they probably are just limiting their available pool of talent. It's not a big deal - they probably need just one person, so they'd find that person anyway. But it does look somewhat childish. Intellectually, I understand all this. However when I read a pile of steaming bull manure that is presented to me at the link as a political argument, I literally feel sick a little. And that given that I am a libertarian (not a Ron Paul kind, but still) and so have significant affinity to some of the GOP positions and thus my prejudices lie rather in favor than against GOP candidates. I am not an US voter, but if I were, I would not be able to vote for a person that publishes such a vile idiocy under his name. I'm sure he could appeal to the same base without this - there must be other issues and things he could use as his special advantage. I don't believe one has to go that stupid. Sounds like you are trying to arrive to predefined conclusion. Given the sorry state of public education, where schools graduate illiterate people unable to read their own diploma, if homeschooling is a sign of something it is a sign of deep commitment to the child's education. The second argument is even weaker - it sounds like if he had a lot of degrees, he'd be against education, and if he had none, he'd be against education. Solid argument needs more than that. You can see in parallel branch I am very far from being fan of Santorum, however disliking him does not mean getting to his level and starting to use prejudices instead of solid argument. There's a large (large enough to be detectable) amount of people that believes 9/11 was organized by Bush and the moon landing was filmed in Hollywood. Yet you do not see Obama saying that or any sane politician promoting that. There's a difference between leading and appealing to the base (pun intended) instincts. I know politicians frequently do the latter, and it is disgusting every time. Economically, the GOP, while being far from what I would like, is closer to that than the Dems. Of course, it is all relative - lately, by not letting a good crisis to go to waste, Dems moved severely to the anti-libertarian direction, and the GOP was dragged kicking and screaming a bit to the libertarian direction. So the choice here would be between quite bad and somewhat not as bad as that. Economic issues are usually far more pervasive than social issues - you can filter out 99% of social issues by turning off the TV, but the economy will influence your life whatever you do and wherever you are. I say if they raise taxes it would immediately hurt me both directly in person and through my employment (less free income - less money to buy stuff that I do - less income to the company I work for - no raises to the employees). If they accept or deny gay marriage, for example, with all my respect to people that seek or oppose it, it would not matter a bit in my life, regardless of my opinion on it. So in general I feel the GOP is, well, I wouldn't say more libertarian - it's like saying Al Capone is more pacifist than Pol Pot - but less anti-libertarian where it affects my life. Maybe I am mistaken but that's the conclusion I have arrived to so far. What's "actual" education? One's personal opinion can differ. However, education and indoctrination are not mutually exclusive. The debate about mentioning creationism in schools shows that both sides see the school as the indoctrination vehicle - otherwise describing the existence of the creationist theories, which is - the existence of the theories, of course - a scientific fact would not be controversial, but there's more to it than just that, right? And educational institutions themselves are deeply political - D/R ratio in some academic disciplines is 30/1, some institutions are completely ideologically monocultural, and teacher's union NEA is 6th biggest political donor, donating almost exclusively to one party. There are also numerous documented cases of teachers involving pupils into political activities for the causes of their choosing. So it would be very hard to find an education venue where indoctrination would not take place. The whole point of the homeschooling (one of) is that people choose what is actual education for them, not for somebody else. Of course, you or I may not like their choice, but why should they care? prooflink with a quote? He talked a bunch about Satan and about how corrupt some institutions are (one can easily find it by searching for satana+santorum+academics), but I can't find a quote where he explicitly says Satan has taken over academics. iOS applications must be bringing really huge money if people are ready to put up with this kind of abuse. The thing that is wrong with OO in general is that is is not a silver bullet. I disagree that OO is useful only for simulation - I've done virtually no simulation work and I've found using OO useful in many contexts. Maybe if I used functional style or hypertyped dynamic agile mumbojumbo style or whatever is the fashion de jour - I would save some time, but OO worked fine for me and allowed me to do what I needed efficiently. Would I use it everywhere ? Definitely no. Does it have a prominent place in my tool belt? Definitely yes. I reject the false dichotomy of "OO is Da Thing, should be used for everything" and "OO is useless except in very narrow niche". My experience is that OO is very useful for reducing complexity of projects of considerable size with high reuse potential and defined, though not completely static interfaces. Yes, US law is really like that. Of course, "subject to US law" is a bit of an exaggeration - you subject-ness extends only as far as .com address is concerned, AFAIK. But if the US government thinks you violated US laws, it can seize your .com domain. Unfortunately, taking a domain is much easier than taking physical property, so US government (due to intensive lobbying by copyright mafia) instituted such laws and procedures as to allow it. Next time your local copyright mafia raises its head, remember what they are capable of. Since .com registrar is on US soil, AFAIK, injunction outside of the US would carry a very little weight fr it. Baidu and Wallah did not "steal code" from Google and Yahoo. You can argue they "stole" ideas of search and portal, but that would imply there's ownership of these concepts and it belongs to Google and Yahoo - which is wrong on both counts, both ideas existed long before their implementations by current kings of the hill, and nobody owns them. If you think copying Google is "dead easy", you're well on the way to become a multi-millionaire. I've tried recently a number of emerging search engines, and none of them is as good as Google, despite the fact that copying PageRank is supposed to be dead easy. On the other hand, I'm sure Google's understanding of Chineese or Hebrew or Russian is not perfect and specialized engines can do much better (I know about Yandex on Russian market, but I'm sure there are more). There's a place on these markets for much more than one player, so treating everybody being in the same search engine market as Google as "stealing intellectual property" makes zero sense. It's like treating everyone that makes smartphones as "stealing Apple's intellectual property". Maybe some hardcore Apple fanboys think that way, but this is not useful for anybody but them and Apple, certainly not for the consumers or for the public. As for "respect for intellectual property", I don't see why Chinese should necessarily respect artificial mental constructs that were erected by Western politicians in order to produce some utilitarian value. These things are defined as utilitarian, the only reason that is being argued of why somebody can use the idea and somebody else can not is: "To promote the Progress of Science and useful Arts, by securing for limited Times to Authors and Inventors the exclusive Right to their respective Writings and Discoveries". If Chinese do not agree that this would promote Progress and useful Arts for them, why they should feel obligation to respect it? What times you are talking about? Professional creators - like composers, poets, etc. - existed long before Berne Convention. Of course, then conditions were different than they are now - J.S. Bach had to write a new cantata every week as the condition of his employment, and also teach Latin and singing to the young. Of course, what was good enough for J.S. Bach is definitely can not be good enough for a person named something like "Jay-Z" or "50 Cent", as the latters' art is much more valuable for the society than Bach's. As for serving Powers That Be - most of the creative people do it right now, only Powers changed. Some time ago, most disposable income was in the hands of aristocracy and later rich merchants. So they were served. Now due to huge technological advances pretty much everybody has disposable income - so artists cater to everybody. Some of them still cater only to the richest, of course - everybody has his niche. But except for the distribution of the disposable income, not much changed. Nothing would happen if somebody stole their software. Exactly nothing. You think if you somehow copied Zuckerberg's hard disk in 2004, you'd have the billion-dollar business now? No, you'd have a pile of 8-year-old useless code. The code doesn't matter, the people building the company and writing that code to accomodate specific (and rapidly changing) needs matter. Just a data point for you to consider - US and China have roughly equal manufacturing output now, despite US being in recession last years and China having 4 times more people. That is if we compare whole population, if we compare manufacturing sector it is 10 times difference in employees. So US workers right now are on average about 10 times more productive than Chinese workers (note I do not mean to imply anything bad about China or Chinese people - it's just statistical facts that do not reflect on anybody personally :). I would not describe this situation as "we're China's bitch" just yet. Prooflink: http://www.manufacturingdigital.com/news_archive/tags/us/chi... Of course, China would improve. I hope so would US. No compelling advantage over what? Over random bag of spaghetti code? You bet it does. Over some other methodology? Bring up the example and we'd see. I am sure you can replace OO with something else - so what? I explicitly said OO is not the panacea - you like something else, you do it. So what's your proposal? Considerable size of the system is because of considerable complexity of the task at hand. I don't see how you can write 1000-page book of requirements into 2 screens of code. And if you need the system that is able to be customized to satisfy different books with minimal change - you need more complex code. I didn't miss it - I actually addressed it in another comment. While stealing your website code would be unpleasant, it doesn't really matter that much. First, backend website code is not protected by copyright because it's not published - only the design is. Second, do you really think Facebook became Facebook because they found right magic color and right column widths to be successful, and if only you could use the same design you would be billionaire? This is obviously nonsense - Facebook success is composed of many factors, design being very very minor part. As for DDG, I used it for a month to test, and unfortunately had to go back to Google - for my loads, its quality proved to be inadequate, Google found what I needed in more cases than they did. It may be because usually I search for very easy and obvious stuff. I would like to say my coworkers "why, you still use Google? Man, it's so 2000s... It's 2012 now, use something that's not ancient!" Unfortunately, it's not the time yet that I could do that. But wouldn't you need to distribute for copyright protection to kick in? Copyright is exclusive right to distribute. If you just stole the code and keep it, you can be liable to various crimes, but I don't see how copyright infringement can be one of them. I wonder what happened to good old not putting private stuff on facebook? It's not like you have to use it. And why this focus on facebook? Is password to gmail or mint.com or yahoogroups different? It looks like Facebook using lawmaking system as a PR move. That's definitely a new and creative development - using the Congress as an advertisement medium - but I don't think it's a welcome one. If the password was voluntarily revealed because you want to be employed and are ready to provide it as a condition of employment, I don't see how you can call it "unauthorized access". Volokh discusses something else - what if the user does not allow the access voluntarily but is forced by the court (which, unlike employer, is entitled to use force to compel people to do things) to reveal the password. Then it would be like breaking into a house on a search warrant or forcing you to open the safe (this was discussed some time ago here because of other court decision that said - in TLDR version - that 5th amendment protects passwords). But that's different situation. Nobody has rights to hold particular job, it's an agreement between employer and employee. If the employer requires you to wear a suit as a condition to employment, you can choose either to comply or keep the jeans and tshirt and find another job, both decisions voluntary. Same with other requirements. Some of course are not legal - so, unless you work in very special industry, having sex with coworkers is not a legal condition - but I don't see Facebook mentioned anywhere there. Because of automated bounces. The problem is that a) many mailservers would send their bounce messages to that address and b) there's no standard bounce message format, so there's no easy automatic way to distinguish bounces from non-bounces. There are solutions that do that, but they are basically a bag of heuristics, and usually everybody builds their own. So you either have to build/buy complicated software to filter responses, or your response address is flooded with bounces till its effectively unmanageable. The path of the least resistance is to put noreply@ there and have humans contact different address. Some of them do, some of them don't. Email is a very old system, and for some things there's no standards, for some things implementations predate standards so one has to live with what is out there. Some of them just broken and since there's often no standard to point them to they just say "well, we know there's industry practice to do X, but we prefer to do Y". Another one about introverts: http://www.carlkingdom.com/10-myths-about-introverts I like that one better :) I don't think Facebook is built around private stuff, I think Facebook is built around sharing. I also recall Facebook managers stated many times that they see concept of privacy to be obsolete and harmful. Yes, of course, Facebook has privacy settings, since that vision is not yet accepted by most people, but the goal of it is sharing, not hiding (unlike webmail, for example) - the information on Facebook is by design supposed to be shared with other people. Of course, the set of these people can be different, but I think the easiest way to avoid publicizing private information is not publishing it on the site that is built for sharing and has always promoted sharing. You are right, I was wrong saying no standard exists. It does exist, but is not followed unfortunately. "As usual the php community is resisting any change." This is obviously false statement. There were a lot of changes in PHP lately. However, PHP community is a huge community, millions strong, and it is natural that some people evaluate new things not only on coolness, but on practical and other criteria, and not everybody likes the changes - it would be very hard to produce a big change that is universally liked by millions (unless it has letter "i" in front, of course - so if you called it iSnow you'd have much better chance ;). You should expect criticism and taking is by falsely accusing the whole huge community of "resisting any change" is exactly the wrong way to do it. I have seen many PHP improvement proposals over the years. I am really glad people are doing such things. But I would like to address something that seems a bit wrong-headed to me, that is common to many of these proposals. PHP is a verbose language, it is known. It is not a bug, it is a feature. Yes, some languages like to make their source code look like it was gzip-compressed, and have one or two-character symbols for everything. PHP is not among those, and I don't see how writing "fn" instead of "function" really helps. Are you so lazy as to type "function"? Get a decent completing editor, it'll do it for you. But code saying "protected function sayHello()" is much better for everybody that one saying "pr fn sH()". Same goes for syntax like "!_->" - it looks like cartoon "expletive deleted" sequence, not like a readable code. PHP is not APL, it should be obvious to a reasonably knowledgeable person what goes on there. The idea of space-as-syntax, the most known implementation of which is of course Python, has its advantages and disadvantages. I admire the cleanness of good python code, and and the same time I am greatly annoyed when I have my code break because there's some space instead of tab or tab instead of space or extra space somewhere where it is not obvious. But I'd be interested to see people try out "PHP with Python indentation syntax" and see how it works for them. I don't see it a big difference but would be an interesting idea to play with. OK, I guess you have a point, if the information there is not sole property of the password holder - especially as in the case of FBI, where FBI employee has access not to his collection of lolcats pics but to something more important. I guess one could argue on Facebook you can access other's information too, so it still applies. I kind of wondered why this bot survived the first day. I think it's moderately funny first 2-3 times (not hilarious, but slightly entertaining due to the irony) but after that it gets stale exponentially fast. I must admit I never really encountered a person that actually used a TWSS joke, though I can see how it can be funny used once. Repeated joke is just annoyance (at best). Repeated irony is revolting. The (first) bot should have died on day 2, and that should be it. You really think the "you did it wrong" response has something to do with gender? It's a standard response to pretty much anybody doing anything notable. There's always somebody on the internet that thinks he (or she, in most cases one has no idea) could do better and must express this fact publicly. Most of the comments threads have a grain of that, and some are made of it 100%. I know there are gender stereotypes and other issues, but this is not an instance of that, it's a common thing. That's an excellent argument. Using it you can win any discussion and prove anybody wrong, whatever is the issue - just declare anything rational the opponent says from this point on is said because he knows he's wrong and tries to rationalize it - and kaboom! you win. Nicely done. I tried it as default engine for a month and unfortunately had to go back to Google. There are some nice touches (such as automatic wikipedia links) but in many cases the results are just not as good as Google gets. Most IQ tests - at least ones I've seen - are highly trainable, both in general (you learn to think certain way) and in particular (you learn to solve specific type of test). So while tests aren't race-dependent and there's no reason to think they might be, they definitely can be culture-dependent and income (or, more precisely, education level and type) dependent. So while the test is an objective measure, it in an objective measure of test performance, which may not be strongly correlated with the actual work performance. Remember those "move the mount Fuji" interview questions which were so in fashion some years ago? I'm not saying banning them completely the right answer here, but putting too much faith into these tests can be dangerous too. The thing is that, for example, for programming questions google finds it on SO without any shortcuts needed. If I type address in Google it will give me a link to the map anyway. I know it takes a second to type !whatever, but you need to remember that. And if you need to stop and think "was it !so or !s or !stack or whatever it was?" you lose your concentration and next thing you know you've spent half hour browsing unrelated articles on Wikipedia. Exaggerating a bit but the point is these !things are a speedbump. Such tests can play the same role as the famous FizzBuzz test - to quickly filter out obviously unfit candidates without spending much resources. But this is usually fit for very big companies that hire a lot of people, sometimes without proven experience, and have somehow to reduce costs of that. Welcome to the brave new world. You can single out this app but it does not matter - once the data is out there, it's going to be used this way. Most people do not understand participating in social networks means broadcasting your private life to the whole green world. This is a very new thing - you never before had an option to do that even if you wanted. So there are no common sense rules about it, and mothers can't teach their children to behave right on Facebook - because nobody has enough experience with that stuff yet. And unfortunately, I foresee a number of creepy and outright evil things happening before this common sense emerges and becomes part of the collective wisdom. It's much bigger than any single app, that app is only a tiny symptom. Why not? Most companies do - since most webservers are configured to log every request by default. Of course, with facebook volumes they probably don't use "default" solutions for anything - but logging every click is a norm for most sites. Looks like the same problems people have with eating: consuming a lot of useless stuff, not consuming enough of proper stuff, hurting their (intellectual) health by that. I wonder how soon people will start selling internet diets - some software that installs on your computer and controls your browsing and counts intellectual calories and vitamins for you. I'm sure there are apps like this already but not a major business like diets... So if you want to be a millionaire, make a startup doing this.