the best way to do it would be to change you sudoers config so your task can do that without a password run visudo and add the following line: [user] ALL=(root) NOPASSWD:/bin/chown /path/to/apache /path/to/apache should be the directory above your latest_release dir so you can avoid a wildcard I use newegg.com, mostly because I'm really, really picky about ECC- I use unbuffered ECC in everything. Only a little more expensive than non-ecc- the biggest problem is that most places don't stock it. newegg does. If I was using non-ecc, I'd wait for a sale at Fry's (though I'd still make sure to buy corsair or crucial or some other reputable brand) - I get most of my hard drives at Fry's- I tried ordering 'em from newegg, and the packaging (on the hard drives) was horribly bad. the drives were ok, but that was luck. My problem is recognising tallent outside of your core compentencies. If you can recognise tallent, it's easy enough to pick up people who are on the rebound from bad jobs, or who haven't gotten much paid experience yet. I regularly hire friends of friends, but then I hang out with very technical people who have very technical friends. I've picked up a lot of really good technical people with little experience and paid 'em $15/hr to work for me... most of them leave for better pay after a year or so, but if I was compitent at business, I'd be able to pay them more by then. My big problem is that if you are incompetent at something, you can't reconise compitence. I am an incompitent business person, so I can't recognise a good sales/businessperson. Even with a good solid technical team, you need business compitency to succeed, and there isn't much of that in my social circle, and even if there was, I wouldn't be able to tell the good from the pretenders. It sounds like I need to get together with someone like you, but who? I mean, I alrealdy said, I can't tell if someone is a compitent businessperson, and having the wrong CEO is much worse, imo, than having no CEO at all. I think recognizing talent in the context of an interview is difficult, but not impossibly so. I think judging how well they work, (do they 'get stuff done') is much more difficult during interviews, unless the person has solo projects. I know working for others, I've recommended several 'smart but useless' people after interviewing. Usually when hiring people I know, though, I know in what ways they are useless, and can hire for positions where I can make up for their weaknesses. but I don't think it's difficult to judge a person if you have known them for a while, especially if you are the type to talk about technical things in social contexts. I think the problem appears when you are judging things outside your field, or people you only see for an hour. Wait, what? ec2, (I consider them my biggest competitor, they probably don't know I exist, and, well, my product is somewhat different) has lowered the cost of hosting dramatically. and there are places that are even cheaper than that (such as my company) - unless you are doing something like video sharing, hosting costs are simply not a huge deal anymore compared to programmer time. At what I bill out for as a contractor, for every hour of my time, you can run a amazon ec2 small node for a month and have enough left over for a cheap lunch. At most (USian, at least) startups, pizza for the meetings should cost more than the hosting fees. Even if you are running an application where hosting is a big cost, there are plenty of people (such as myself) who have hosting resources they'd be happy to trade for some small slice of equity. Actually, yeah. let's make that a standing offer. if you have a startup and need SysAdmin/hosting stuff and are willing to trade a silver of equity for that, let me know. the problem with civil action is that you can't get blood from a stone. If you sue someone without assets or insurance, you probably won't be able to even recover enough to pay the lawyer. I would argue that it is better to find someone with a good reputation, someone who is careful to preserve that reputation. eh, I didn't go to college. of course, when I graduated highschool it was 1997, and I had 2 years of paid experience as a sysadmin, so I was able to jump right into a .com job, and I'm a UNIX SysAdmin- a computer janitor. SysAdmins often have less formal education than Developers, so some of this was just that I 'got lucky' - but I do know many others who have done ok without formal education. Yeah, if I had stuck it out, I'd probably be earning another 20%-30%, (just looking at what my co-workers make) but I'm still comfortably into the six figure range. Granted, that's not great for the bay area, average nerd salary around here is north of $140K, and I don't rate that unless I'm contracting, but it's certainly an OK salary for someone who hasn't hit 30 yet. The key to making decent money without college is to get jobs that count (really, this is good advice regardless of your other educational plans. Most places a year of experience is worth a little less than a year of education. If you can get both, you are golden.) If you want to be a computer guy, don't take a summer job tending a till- if you can't find an internship, pester local offices to see if they need a windows reboot monkey, or see if you can get the local web-design place to give you minimum wage to do basic stuff. Or repair computers for your parent's friends. Charge $5 or $10/hr if you have to... it's experience and reccomendations you are after at that stage. My first job was at a mom and pop computer repair place... I was paid less than minimum wage, but it was an awesome experience, and it paid off handsomly. Remember that if you don't have education, you need experience. Without education or experience, nobody is going to hire you for a 'real job' (at least for 'real pay') Find someone willing to let you do a 'real job' for next to no pay for a period of time. Remember that at these jobs a good reccomendation from the boss is worth many times over what they are paying you. Certifications are nice, but with the exception of perhaps, the ccie, none of them can touch a few years experience doing the job you are trying to get. I wouldn't want to discurage people from getting educated- I think college can be very valuable (look at my grammar.) but not going to college doesn't condemn you to poverity. higher education in the US is heavily subsidised. The meagre fees that the lower colleges charge are waived if you are poor, and at that point all you need to cover is food/books/rent. Well, yeah, that is a particularly negative way of stating it, but mostly true. Most people favor political ideologies that favor them. (e.g. those who identify with those who are unable to earn much tend to prefer more collectivist ideologies, and to call tallent luck, while those who identify with people who earn a lot tend to support more individualist ideologies, and call luck tallent.) I think it is somewhat self-reinforcing, a person who believes that it is all a roll of the dice is less likely to put as much effort into self-improvement than someone who doesn't believe in luck. But then, I don't believe in luck. A religious friend has suggested that this is because I'm just lucky :) Yeah. I know some very good developers who were first SysAdmins. Even I have written a patch here and there to various system programs. To 'level up' as a sysadmin, even if you don't want to be a dev, you do need to know some programming. I don't know if I have the attention span to sit down and write a large app from end to end, but many times I've had to hack up the programs a client was using. I once patched courier-imap so my employer could continue to use the same UIDLs Ugh. nearly all customers were using pop3 like IMAP- 'leave mail on server' the problem was that UIDLS needed to stay the same, (the UIDL value is an identifier of a pop3 message- the pop3 client uses it keep track of what messages are new in the pathalogical 'leave messages on server' scheme. If we changed the UIDLs, all messages would be 'new' to the mail client and customers would scream.) and qpopper UIDLs contain characters that can't be in filenames, while courier-imap's pop3 daemon uses the UIDL for the filename... so I hacked it so that if the filename started with 0x, it treated the filename as a hex-encoded UIDL. (otherwise it acted as normal... that way next time they upgrade the courier server, they probably don't need to include my patch... most of the old 0x mails will be gone in a number of months.) A simple change, but it allowed us to move to maildir (which isn't always faster, but in this case was massively faster) without disturbing the customers. But yeah. as a more senior SysAdmin, you are expected to occasionally deal with that sort of thing. Being able to kindof read debugger output also really helps. Oh, also the 'got lucky' comment was more about coming of age during the .com boom than about becoming a SysAdmin. The .com boom (and my timing) was luck. Becoming a SysAdmin, well, that was more the 'path of least resistance' at least once I got started down this path. this is key. Look at Google. they target technical types, but for joe average, their product is just as usable as the compitition, who explicitly targets the average user. Joe average is going to have a technical person setup his computer- If that technical person, say, makes firefox the default browser, assuming it mostly works, joe average is going to use firefox. This might also be why OSX is doing so much better than previous macOS versions. Whenever a non-technical person asks me for a laptop reccomendation, I tell them to get a mac, in part because I know they might come to me for help (and I'll be damned if I start rooting around in a windows box that isn't properly backed up. Reboot, reboot, then format and reinstall, I say.) the other side of this is that it needs to work for joe average... this is why Linux on the desktop took so long to take off (it looks like it's getting a toehold in the low-end- by 'just working' for simple tasks) even now, linux on the desktop only 'just works' if you don't need commercial software. so yeah, you must target the early adoptors, but targeting the early adoptors alone is not enough. You must make it usable for the average person. (which is funny, because I've put almost zero effort into the usability of my product. I don't have a support budget, so if you don't know UNIX well, eh, for now I'm not the best product for you.) a problem everywhere I've worked, especially in places where the rack is 'organically grown' is power cables getting accidentally pulled when other servers are added or removed. on all servers that I have physical access to, I use zipties on both ends of the power cable. you need a knife to unplug anything. One problem, at least, solved. Generally, I categorize mistakes as 'mistakes of knowledge' (that is, I did the wrong thing because I believed something that was incorrect.) and 'mistakes of inattention' (where I knew it was the wrong thing to do, but I wasn't paying attention and did it anyhow.) Generally, you don't make the same mistake of knowledge twice, so I don't worry about them much. They happen, but they only happen once. Learning, we call it. Mistakes of inattention are much worse, in my opinion. without further action, I will almost certainly repeat a mistake of inattention. The idea is that every time you make a 'mistake of inattention' you put in place a procedure that will prevent the mistake. wow. Uh, first, a 300W server is moderately heavy. I run core2quad boxes w/8G ram and they run about 120W. I soppose if you had dual quad core xeons, 300W isn't unheard of, but that's a beefy server. power(and cooling) in a datacenter in the bay area costs me around $400/month for 2000W (1500W usable if you are smart) so that is $400/month or $4800/year for 5 300W servers, or $960/year/box (for a massive 300W box.) so I'm not seeing where he's getting $8000... Well, I guess it's more expensive to build a datacenter than to rent, I guess? then why not rent? a velcro strip isn't going to keep a power plug from getting jerked out of a server by a careless admin. the difference between zipties and velcro is that velcro is best for organizational binding... zipties are structural, and should be largely considered permanent. You shouldn't cut a ziptie holding a cable that would take down production any more than you should move a rack while production servers in it are still running. If it is the sort of thing you might want to move while the servers are running (like, say, ethernet, or a bundle of cables that goes to more than one server) like you said you should use velcro or something else temporary. changing the process is exactly what I am talking about here... not so much changing, though, as creating. Usually, when you tell a SysAdmin to do something (install a server, remove a server, etc...) she just does it. I mean, most of this is pretty simple stuff. my suggestion is that when you see a mistake of inattention, you add process so the problem does not occur a second time. set up a checklist for that process, or as in the power cord example, change your process for installing new servers. the alternate is to just fire people when they make dumb mistakes... but for me, that is unjustifiably expensive, especially when compared with the cost of adding process. Sure, if you control the app you can set things up such that losing one physical server isn't a problem, but that is usually a lot more expensive than a few zipties. One thing I've learned in my years as a computer janitor is that a fix I can put in place now with materials I have on hand gets done. A fix I suggest to the devs, even if they agree it is a good idea, rarely gets done. Process, when it includes humans, is bureaucracy. And yeah, you need to make sure it doesn't get ridiculous, however, having a checklist for, say, installing a server, or replacing a bad disk is still, I believe, in the realm of 'good bureaucracy.' When you get paged at 4am after a late party, you can't count on being sharp and remembering everything. You have to accept that especially for emergency maintenance, sometimes your admins are not at 100%. you also need to accept that things you don't expect will happen. You can't always rely on process. I'm just saying that you can use process to avoid making the same mistake twice. most body shops don't add value Yet companies still insist on using them. I don't understand why. At one company, I was a contractor. I was leaving for another job, and they needed someone with my skillset. Well, I had a guy who was suitable working for me at the time, and I offered to rent out my employee at a below market rate. They refused. Well, I moved to my new gig and my side business slowed down, so when the recruiter who got me this contract gig called me asking for recommendations, I referred the guy who was working for me (I wasn't exactly paying him a fair wage, and even at the poor wages I was giving him I didn't have many hours of work for him) Anyhow, the company hired my guy through the headhunter (and liked him for more than a year) - but they paid twice as much to go through the body shop they liked rather than going through my corporation. It wasn't like the body shop was big... it was some guy running the operation out of his front room, just like my corp. body shops offer a degree of protection from contractors who later decide to sue for employee status, but I don't think that makes them worth it. I mean, your liability there is usually less than 50% of what you paid for the guy (if the government thinks you were paying an employee as a contractor, you have to pay the employer portion of SSI and unemployment insurance and other benifits, for the entire time the guy worked for you.) It's bad, but that's about what most body shops charge, and it's fairly rare for a contractor to come back and sue for employee status- but even if you had to pay those fees for every employee, I think you are still coming out ahead doing it yourself over paying the body shop. I've not met one headhunter who was capable of distinguishing between someone who is technically good and someone who is not. Granted, it's a hard problem- but it also requires a whole lot of domain specific knowledge. Knowledge that headhunters usually don't have. We can't answer that for you... but we can tell you a bit about our own situation. Personally, I've been running my own (much simpler) VPS hosting startup ( http://prgmr.com ) for more than two years. I'm on my second Porsche worth of personal money plowed into the thing (ok, second Porsche boxter... I'm probably still on my first, you know, real Porsche.) I dono. I mean, my company breaks even these days... most of what I've gotten out of it is experience and contacts (and those are worth something... my bill rate as a consultant verges on ridiculous, and I have a book deal. Pretty good for a Midwestern hick with no formal education.) I don't regret doing it, but if I had a chance to do it over I'd focus more on being more public (blogging, documenting, etc...) and less on the actual business. If I could 'open source' my project, I think that would magnify the benefits (that is, credibility and contacts) But you can't really 'open source' an ISP, which is essentially what I am. So yeah, personally I'd advise you to go for option #2, unless you can get significant investment from someone else. But then, you sound like you started from a different position than I did. It's possible that because I had so little when I started the credibility is worth a lot more to me than it is worth to you. Also, I have my own conflict of interest... your project sounds pretty cool, and I'd like to be able to use that technology for my own projects, or use products built by other people using that technology. Open-sourcing it is likely the best way to get the tech out to the masses. this is part of why I do everything in the terminal latency is acceptable, even when my workstation is on the other side of the globe, and I can buy a new workstation for 'change in the couch' money. (I currently have a $300 Everex CloudBook (via nanobook) I got at Wallmart for the bus rides. that and a usb 3g modem, and I'm good to go.) Backups are easy. Granted, the box isn't entirely redundant. If the motherboard blows on it, I've got to run to the datacenter and fix it or restore from backup to another box (if I'm remote) and I have a problem if the datacenter goes up in smoke, but it's been a pretty reliable system so far. The disk I'm on is mirrored, so I've not actually had to restore from backup in a few years. But yeah, it's nice because I can take a total 'it's disposable' attitude towards any laptop or desktop. If it gives me trouble, format and re install. If a client wants me to use one of her workstations, no problem (though I change the password from somewhere trusted when I'm done.) Heck with a sufficiently advanced cellphone I can console in. confidence is for marketing guys you should make important decisions on the rational level, not the emotional level. You should weigh the risks and rewards in a rational manner, rather than running with what you feel. Feelings can be quite mercurial, and if you quit after you have a depressing weekend, or (sometimes worse) get in over your head and charge up lots of personal debit because you 'feel good' you can get in a lot of trouble. Once you find that there is a positive expected return, keep making rational decisions. But then, my start up isn't making any money, so what do I know? One can commit to a plan while recognizing that it has a relatively small chance of success. The only other way to get past the startup phase of the business is to actively conceal the truth from yourself. To aim for "confidence" are you trying to say that starting a company is an irrational act? The difference you are speaking of is a small number of millaseconds. Maybe the difference between 50 and 80ms. this might make a difference if you are doing something like trading stocks... but for most webapps, your database is way slower than that. 20ms lag in loading a http page is not going to be noticed by anyone. more importantly He points out an easy way to get people to like you. Buy them food. It has worked for me (though I haven't tried it on the scale he speaks of.) a secretary and an accountant are both usually good ideas. Usually businesses have the accountant part down pat (most people I know like this live so far below their means that being bad with money doesn't really matter) but often companies will ask this guy to do things that are better suited to the secretary. S/he should be designing the inventory system, if some thing s/he builds needs to go in the inventory system, have someone else deal with that part. 'uninteresting details' are better left to those who are good at dealing with 'uninteresting details' I'm still not sure why it failed. it sounded like he just got tired of working on it. I mean, for a job like that with lots of physical schlep work I'd budget for a few people to handle the physical labor. Maybe $10,000 was a hard budget limit? I dono. it sounded to me like he should have stuck it out for a while longer, maybe after finding an underpaid lacky or partner. I turned down money from my family... but I'd turn down money from anyone who wasn't going to provide me with more than just money. I want a business guy, with relevant contacts, and this family member was a business guy, but he didn't want to advise me on the business side of things. I've run my own business by hiring people who are new (or down on their luck) that are obviously smart and have potential. I've done this for several years, and while the business has not done well (I attribute that to my own incompetence) I can point out a long trail of people who worked for me at $10-$15/hr who left my company to get real jobs paying more than 5x that. Uh, but yeah, actually I've had more people asking me for work than I have money of late, though, so if you shoot me an email lsc@prgmr.com I can send you a few promising resumes. buy me lunch or something if you like one of 'em. but yeah, how do I find people? Uh, the first was a few years after the .com bust. The guy was my roommate, randomly. Obviously he was really smart, and an excellent programmer, though he was chronically unemployed. I paid his rent and used him on my 'book price search' venture, which flopped due to competition, and on some consulting gigs. He left for a real job, and hasn't had trouble keeping a job since. the second was a guy I worked with during the first .com boom. I met him working in a deli a few years after the crash. I hired him for a little more than what the deli was paying, he worked on my current xen vps hosting venture. The third was that guy's roommate. I really got lucky that time. The forth was a guy just out of highschool who I met when I spoke at the LUG in Davis. He was a customer for more than a year before I hired him. Uh, that's the other thing. You have _much_ more flexibility if you are willing to let 'em work from far away. I haven't listed the foreigners I've hired, but there have been a few, good and bad. But yeah, overall, make sure your social circle includes people who are both poor and smart. Make offers if you know people working jobs that are beneath them. But the thing is you are looking for a market inefficiency. these are rare things. People who are good don't stay cheap for long. Be patient, and don't hesitate to act when you spot someone good. oh, yeah. ask friends. Let everyone you know that you are looking for someone willing to work cheap to gain experience. Many people have siblings and other contacts who are useful in this context. If he doesn't know how to do the jobs, you are correct, he's screwed unless he hires someone who does, and the median Sr. SysAdmin in this area is paid $140K (full load) per year. The market tends to agree that an experienced SysAdmin is worth a lot. However, if the original poster does have someone on staff who knows how to do the tasks in question, but lacks the time, (and enjoys and is good at teaching) then there is value to be had in Jr. SysAdmins. you have 2 options. 1. buy a much more powerful server/VPS. for seventy some odd dollars a month you can just leave your amazon ec2 image up all the time, and that's something like 1.7Gb ram. if you are willing to use a small provider (like me) you can do even better- I'll give you 2GB ram for $64/month. Having more ram makes a lot of problems just go away. (using a Xen based host also means that you can use swap, which means that your out of memory events would be slowdowns rather than crashes.) 2. get a skilled SysAdmin (possibly you) to optimize your system from a systems standpoint. ultimately, you want both. But often just buying a better server is the cheapest option. But yeah. no matter how much you like your host, I recommend that you always have a hot copy of your website/application at another server, ready to switch the dns over at the first sign of trouble. you should test this periodically. You need a SysAdmin. Now, this SysAdmin can be you (really, knowing the basics of server janitoring helps you as a developer and as a web designer, and as the guy who makes hosting decisions. Learning at least the basics of Linux is a good career move for almost everyone) but if not, you need to find someone you can depend on. The other option is to find a host that specializes in hosting drupal sites and is willing to take care of all that for you. The biggest problem with this is that you can only use the features they install for you. Of course, they will also charge more than generic hosting, but it's still cheaper than getting a SysAdmin. this is another example of why you always need offsite backups (even if it's a server on your DSL line) People make mistakes. web hosting providers are run by people. Data loss happens. I go even further and say that you need to make sure that no single person can delete every copy of your essential data (unless that single person owns most of the company) - if nothing else, you should keep backups under the founder's bed. I think (I hope) this is an excellent time to be competing on price/value. Competing on price and/or value is a difficult thing during the fat times, but when people start feeling the squeeze, I believe it becomes a much easier sell. Personally, I just blew 4 months operating expenses on new server parts in preparation for launching a 'value for the dollar' initiative, so I obviously agree that businesses will become more cost sensitive. I wasn't thinking about the capex vs opex change, but that's good for me, too. Interesting times indeed. effort is necessary but not sufficient. You need to put effort into areas where you can improve. As a child I wasted years learning how to write by hand. I still can not write legibly. Continuing down that path would be a waste, even if the skill wasn't completely obsolete. there are traps like this everywhere. You need to recognize areas where effort isn't bringing you returns, and somehow reorganize your life so that you don't have to do those things. find someone who isn't good at something you are good at, and vis-a-vis and trade. (this becomes much easier once you can hire people.) you are always dealing with incomplete knowledge. You are making decisions based on the evidence you have. Especially in a field as 'fuzzy' as business, if you are certain that a plan can not fail, you are almost certainly not evaluating it rationally. A tested disaster recovery plan (including tested off-site backups) is much more important, in many situations, than your choice of host. Choosing a good host is like running on raid disk. It's a great idea, and it dramatically reduces downtime, but if you keep important data it's not nearly as important as a good, tested, offsite backup. This does depend on your business model. Ask yourself: what is worse, being down for a few days? or losing all your data? Now, you did say that your site was news focused, so it's quite likely that losing the archives would be a fairly survivable event, if expensive (as you'd need to rewrite the code) but if you are entrusted with customer data, well, a failure without backups usually means death (or starting over with no customers and a bad reputation.) My experience has been that if you lose a customer's data, even if you warned them ahead of time that you were not keeping backups, the customer will leave, and more importantly will tell other people to avoid your service. on schwag: I was kindof thinking of distributing free T-shirts when I speak at LUGs and/or to customers who express interest. At $5-$10 each, well, it might be a dumb idea, I'm not sure. Average customer gets me $10/month or so in revenue. See, I was thinking that my target market (cheap Linux hobbyists and cheap micro-businesses) might actually wear free shirts. I would think the value of the schwag as advertising directly correlates to how much it is used in public by the recipient. The thing is, as I'm self funded, the credit crunch doesn't mean anything, so long as I keep my consulting gigs. I'm buying hardware right now like it was 1999. This next month, after I get my new capacity up, I am going to need to spend some money on advertising. I do ok for the relevant google searches, and my target market is very technical (yes, I could vastly expand my market by making it easier. I'm working on it, but my core customer base is people like me- people who don't click on ads.) so I don't think buying 'sponsored results' from google will make much difference. yeah. I guess I would extend this to all advertising that goes beyond making me aware a product is available. If I know about it, and I need it and can afford it, I'll buy it. If you have to browbeat or manipulate me into buying it, you've created negative value. first it wasn't a good deal for me (or else I would have bought it without the browbeating) and add to that the cost of browbeating or manipulating me. But then, most people seem to prefer to buy from salesmen, even when buying technical products that the salesmen often don't fully understand. After getting the facts about various products, most companies I've worked for then invite salespeople to pitch (salespeople who are often not technically qualified to even discuss the product) and then make decisions based on how good the salespeople were. This seems irrational to me, but it also seems to be how most businesses work, so maybe I'm wrong. yeah, but none of that conflicts with my 'sales subtracts value' theory, it just explains that people working at large corporations are more concerned with what decision looks right than what decision is right. That aside, I've seen the same thing happen at small companies that just had a lot of money. In one example, the guy making the decision was as technical as I am, and owned a good chunk of the company. I wanted a cheaper homegrown solution. "Dude, that's your Porsche" I said. I can understand why he went for the expensive solution instead (I was pretty young at the time, and prone to rash decisions and mistakes, and so was the rest of the technical team. The expensive product was expensive, but it worked.) Still, I felt he went with the vendor who looked good over the vendor that actually came out ahead in all our tests (and was cheaper, too... partially because they didn't take us out to lunch at fancy restaurants.) I've hired many a foreigner to work remotely, paying more than (USian) minimum wage. However, key here is comprehension of written English. (well, to work for me. And to work for me, you have to convince me that you are smarter than I am. I imagine those are different for other people.) I don't care about spoken English. Plenty of ways around that problem, I don't want to talk with you on the phone anyhow. Of course, right now I have a huge number of options in my price range, so until more people catch on to this 'location doesn't matter' fact, he's got to get good before I will be interested. But there are many people willing to hire across borders. Obviously, if he doesn't eat, that's his biggest problem. I don't have any good advice there. It sounds like you are up on the price/nutrition ratios of local foods. But to become a good nerd, he needs a computer. I remember my first computer. my dad gave me a giant book 'Upgrading and repairing PCs' by mark minasi. good book. he said read it, and he'd get me the parts for a computer. I did, I convinced him that I did, and a few weeks later the parts for a thoroughly obsolete (but completely loaded) 80286 were spread over my room when I got home from school one day. I mean, it was like '93 or '94, so even with the full megabyte of ram (it had a add-on ISA card) it was thoroughly obsolete. But it was mine, and I was able to get a shell account on a local BBS that had internet access. it was one of the formative events of my childhood. Of course, I dono if it's possible to get 'free computers' in that part of the world. I mean, around here you spend some time looking in likely dumpsters and you will find some good stuff. (I have a friend who has a nice collection of obsolete RISC medium iron that he got out of dumpsters at the local university) I don't know how it is in Turkey. I think learning how to be a support monkey is a very good first step (well, it's what I did first. And it was awesome. I remember I looked forward to getting out of school every day and going to work.) And it's usually an easy thing to get into, if you know a little bit and you are willing to work for menial wages. (my first job was fixing computers, but it paid maybe 80% of minimum wage.) Of course, I don't know how much my experience applies. I grew up in America, and while my jeans came from the salvation army, and I've eaten my share of rice and beans, I've never had to worry about not having enough to eat. I do think that having a computer to take apart is important. Thinking of your computer as a 'black box' appliance is an expensive luxury. if it's possible there, it's a great idea. It's how I got my start, though I grew up in the USA. I started by fixing computers for my parent's friends for a low fee. the hard part for this kid will be acquiring the skills. he needs his own computer to practice on. If he can find 'junk' parts, those provide excellent practice (or, at least that is what I learned on.) Long-term, something that can be done remotely might be a better idea, but after about three (paid) years of fixing PCs I was able to make the jump to Linux administration- it's a pretty common career upgrade path, and (at least in the USA) is commonly done by people with no formal education. eh, I think the big problem is that nerds, in general, regardless of gender have poor social skills. This is to be expected... I mean, we all have limited time, if you spend more of your time learning about computers than you spend learning about people, your social skills are not going to be as good as if you spent all your time learning about people. Ok, so we have a group of people with poor social skills. Note, people within this group can relate to oneanother much better than they can relate to people outside this group. Add to that an extremely skewed gender ratio, and you will find a lot of lonely men. Lonesomeness often leads to bitterness and misogyny. I don't imagine it's particularly pleasant to deal with someone who is both attracted to but also has a deep-seated anger towards your gender. Add to that the usual friction you get when people with poor social skills get together, and I can see how you might have an unpleasant situation. I've also heard it explained like this: Assume everyone wants to work (or talk about technical stuff) 95% of the time, and flirt 5% of the time. Assuming your company (or LUG) has a 1:10 female:male ratio, and furthermore postulate that all participants are hetrosexual. The women who do show up will be irritated, not because they don't want to flirt, but because they want to do other things as well. the sla only covers network connectivity, not hardware/systems problems? I guess that makes sense, but three and a half nines is a lot easier to get on a network than on PC hardware. huh. well, I imagine they still have the credibility edge over small providers. I guess if you really are using it as a cloud (that is, provisioning as needed, and not worrying about it if your existing systems go down) one out of 3 availability zones seems like it would be enough. But then, I bet a lot of people use ec2 like an ordinary VPS provider, which is to say they keep their image up all the time. (this is why I see them as a competitor, even though I rent by the month, not the hour, meaning you can do things with ec2 that you can't do with me. I am working on better provisioning/billing scripts, but I've been talking about it for a while, and it hasn't happened, while I have to say the ec2 system is pretty slick) you save a lot of money on office space if you let people work at home; and usually you can save on salary, too- many people will work for less money if you let them stay at home. This is what I've been doing, more out of necessity than anything else, Office space would cost more than what I'm paying people, and it's much easier to find people in my price range if I don't mind that they live a few timezones away. eh, I've given most customers a free month more than once, on my 99.5 sla. there's no reason why you can't have a real SLA, the company in question just needs to have the financial reserves to lose a months revenue without going into default. I see it as a way to gain credibility while I'm still small (and my reliability isn't what I'd like.) redundancy is key keep complete copies in different hosting companies on different continents. For details beyond that, we'd need to know what kind of trouble. The US is pretty good for most kinds of political speech, but horrible for many kinds of commercial speech. Many other countries are the opposite. But yeah. if you make sure you have a hot spare of your complete system in more than one country (this should be pretty cheap with the proliferation of VPS providers) you will be in much better shape. Once you have that covered, you really only need to worry about your DNS provider. 1. is the cheap way. as someone else said, you can use BGP instead of dns for failover to improve downtime, but then it's no longer cheap. Personally, this is my preferred solution. keep as much as possible in MySQL cluster and have the rest built on a central dev server and pushed out when there are changes. San is not cheap, and it's pretty easy to screw up the whole san. It's still a single point of failure. (I ran prgmr.com on a san for the first few years, and I switched away from SAN not because of cost, but because of reliability. With a san, it's really easy for the new guy to accidentally trash everything.) so yeah, I'd do #1. if you can use a active-active VPS, that's best, if you want to save money, run a smaller active-active site with ec2 images standing by (remember to test weekly) - the problem with 'cold' backups is that they are usually broken. active active means they are up all the time. sounds like entitlement to me. professional? professionals wear suits. I'm running a company, but I still work days as a contractor to pay for it. please, then, define what 'professional' means. It is interesting how this reads like a "how to recognize a person who is bad at marketing" list. Really, I think as a customer, you get a much better deal if you place more value on logic and honesty than on rhetoric, confidence, and the tall guy in the nice suit. the thing is, if joe average thought less of people for being intellectually dishonest, joe average would be in a much better place. Instead of just appealing to his emotions, politicians (and salespeople) would need to appeal to his interests. no, it has nothing to do with being a 'nice guy' - it is about being direct and honest. I know several brilliant people who are completely confident even in areas where they know nothing. The problem with this is that for me to use that brilliant but intellectually dishonest guy, I need to have a good idea of what he knows and what he doesn't. This one guy I know is a brilliant computer scientist, or at least, he's much better than I am. He's not going to deliberately mislead me, but once he gets an idea in his head, to him, that idea is truth - this is fine when you ask him stuff he knows. You get the right answers, and aggressive rhetoric to back it up. He's a great counterweight to salesguys, 'cause he can talk the boss into doing the right thing. However, if you ask him about something he knows nothing about, he will back up his uninformed opinions and half-baked theories with rhetoric that is just as strong. With someone who is intellectually honest, I can ask advice on a wide variety of subjects, and even if I know nothing of the subject in question, I can figure out how much my intellectually honest adviser knows about the subject in question, as well as what he thinks I should do. I also know people who are assholes who are also intellectually honest. Really, any kind of honesty requires being at least a little bit of an asshole. sales is important But it's not everything. There are other aspects of marketing that hackers are usually pretty good at (for instance, giving the impression that your company is honest and hires smart, competent people.) Many companies skip the "buy a suit, meet the client, buy them expensive dinners" kind of sales. Selling to consumers is much easier (well, for me) you still have to market your company (like I said, can be as simple as giving the impression you are smart, competent and honest, depending on your target market.) but the actual sales consists of posting the prices and setting up an automated system to take money. No fast-talking is required. Some people say you need sales skills to attract investors and partners. Personally, I wouldn't take an investment from someone I wouldn't want as a partner, because they will act as a partner. And I don't want a partner who is willing to give more money to a smooth talking salesguy than to a smart, honest hacker. Granted, I do want a good salesperson on my team, but I don't want to put anyone who is vulnerable to sales anywhere they can make decisions that effect my company. It is critical that small companies buy products and solutions that provide the best value, not products or solutions that are sold by the best salesperson. My current plan is to get the technical side of my house in order (and I have no trouble selling to technical consumers, so far I haven't had any trouble selling faster than I can put up new capacity) and get a customer base under me. After that, it should not be difficult to get a sales person to do corporate sales or the like, if I choose to go that direction. finding good people is hard, very hard. Finding good people for below market wages is even harder. It's possible, though. It is much easier if you have the skill set you are looking for. I bet that if you just hire blind and fire the people who don't work out, you will end up paying for a lot of unproductive hours. It also adds a sense of urgency. The thing is, once these good people working for below market wages get some good experience (working for you) they will get jobs that pay market rates. This has happened to me many times. Expect and understand this. Don't feel betrayed because someone with little or no equity abandons you for several times as much money. Be honest, you would do the same. Give good references. The best resource I've found for finding people who are both skilled and poor is other people who are skilled and poor. I'd actually like some advice on how to handle equity in this case. I've always done handshake kind of deals, which is asking for trouble if you become successful. If the company does succeed, it seems fair to me to give some equity to the people who were working for below market wages. (now, personally, I still think I should have more equity, because I was both the investor and one of the workers.) but that's the thing. worse is better. The Internet doesn't need to be re-designed for every new type of technology that comes around. Sure, you can do a 'content centric' setup on top of IP, on the most hackish level, just set a squid cache with big disks at the head of your network. (at a more expensive level, you can put your content on akamai or the like) But you don't have to be content-centric, and this is good. How would you do VoIP over a content-centric network? The decentralized and hackish nature of the internet is precisely why it has become so successful. Personally, I would argue that 'worse is better' is the only way to go if you need the cooperation of many people, as it requires the least agreement. more complex, more "perfect" systems can sometimes be better, but they usually need to be created and operated by a single entity. This would be completely incompatible with what makes the internet great. probably depends on your position. I'd think twice before investing in a business person who declared bankruptcy. I mean, it would matter why, and it wouldn't be an immediate no any more than having a failed business would be an immediate no, but it's a black mark. The technical partner having that black mark? especially if the technical partner had a business partner who was responsible (and who would presumably be responsible for the money) well, that wouldn't bother me so much. physical access is root access... I don't think renting virtual servers (what you are doing with ec2, at least) is inherently any less secure than renting a physical server. Either way, if I am the provider, and I am willing to do unethical things to your server, I can. Virtualization makes this slightly easier, but it's certainly possible on physical servers. If you are co-locating your own hardware, I only need to fake one crash to give myself root. If you are renting a server, well, it's easy enough to trojan the image I give you. Like most of the 'cloud computing' hype, these problems have been around for a while. 'cloud computing' seems an awful lot like 'what we have been doing all along, only faster and in a standard manner' Not that it's not awesome, but I'm just saying that the problems are not new. (unless you mean application-level cloud computing like google app engine. that's something different, with different concerns. I was speaking of 'quick provisioning' clouds, or 'utility computing' like amazon ec2) ah. Well, then I guess it would depend on if I thought you went through bankruptcy because you started a company without a corporation and it crashed, or if I thought you went through bankruptcy for personal reasons. The latter, in my mind, would pretty much disqualify you, as it suggests you are not good with money. The former is just fine, assuming you can get me to believe you. (but convincing me of this would be difficult. Everyone with a shopping problem would like to think they were really 'investing' Financial records from the failed company would help a lot, and would provide evidence you are good with money.) Of course, I invest in my own companies, not in other people's companies, so my opinion may not be representative. Oh, also, especially if you are young, it will matter a lot less as you get older. We all can relate to doing irresponsible things when we were young. how do you prevent this from becoming a haven for spammers? the only reason to virtualize MySQL that I can think of is if you have 2 servers with way more ram than you need. Say that, like me, you buy servers based on the dollar-per-ram metric. Right now, this means your servers have 32GB ram each. (I use two quad-core opterons in each 32GB ram server) so say I have 2 servers with 32GB ram each, running Xen. (I do, in various states of assembly and burn-in) Further say I only need 1GB of data on my MySQL server. I can easily carve off a 4GB ram server from each Xen hardware host, and I can setup a MySQL cluster server, with redundancy for much less than it would cost to build two 4GB servers. Remember, virtualization is just a tool to make consolidation easier. Consolidation saves you money when the best value per unit of CPU/RAM leaves you with a server that is larger than you need. Consolidation, though, tends to reduce redundancy. Be careful with it. "hire slowly, fire fast" sounds like good advice to me. I'm surprised how hard most people seem to find firing people. I mean it's usually pretty clear within the first month or so if you made a mistake, and at that point it's not like they have a lot of company-specific knowledge, so I think at that point, often it's best to apologize to the (now ex) employee for the hiring mistake and part ways. Hiring good people is hard, and you are bound to make mistakes. It seems to me like you need to have a procedure for correcting same. "human qualities" You need to be careful here... turning away a good programmer because she has a touch of auspergers usually means you end up with a mediocre programmer. If programming is core to your startup, hire the best programmers you can get, and then hire other people who are compatible with the programmers personalities. Of course, if your startup is largely marketing focused, a mediocre programmer who can deal with your marketing guy might be a better choice. But my point is that you don't need everyone on the team to be socially skilled or friendly- but you do need to make sure you have compatible personalities. yeah, well, part of it depends on how smart you are. As the article said, you need someone who fits in to the team, someone strong where the rest of you are weak. Me, I'm kinda dumb (well, I mean, I qualify for mensa, but only just. Meaning, compared to most really good programmers, I'm kindof dumb) But I'm really good at dealing with people who are less socially able, so for me, it makes sense to hire the smartest person I can find, at least for technical positions. If I were smarter, and/or if I had a harder time getting along with people, or if I was hiring a marketing and/or bizdev guy, hiring down might make a lot of sense. I really enjoyed that article... he put in to words many things that I feel are true about marketing. (of course, he also seems to be assuming that Obama has won, and it's not over yet.) "marketing is tribal" - seems key to me. Of course, I set out to create a product that I would want to use, so obviously, I am going to try to sell it to my tribe. But yeah. "cool" only applies within a tribe. It has been obvious that if I want to sell to corporations (that is, executive decision makers) I will need to get a sales person who knows how to handle that tribe. good advice (well, I think so) but then, I've been doing this for some time. I use xmlresume and use the skilllevel=tag. (which reminds me, I should probably update my resume.) http://xmlresume.sourceforge.net/ Eh, I think listing some sort of 'skill level' (for example, my resume lists lisp under programming languages, but notes that I'm a novice.) The best of both worlds, I think, because it gets you noticed by the keyword seekers, and sets reasonable expectations for the technical person who actually interviews you. I waited to graduate highschool... I had an equivalency in 10th grade, though. I regret not leaving highschool as soon as possible. I would have had another year working during the .com boom. as it is, I only got in on the tail end. Not all employers are assholes about schedules. Find one that isn't. You sound like you are pretty good. If you are pretty good, you should be able to find a company that is willing to work around whatever weirdness you have. I don't have a sleep disorder (or at least, haven't been diagnosed) but I am a lazy fuck and have a hard time getting up at the same time every day. everywhere I've worked they've put up with me showing up at noon pretty often. (my favorite quote "I know I said we had a flexible schedule here, but I'm going to have to put my foot down and ask you to show up by noon") I mean, I can't show up at noon every day, but if I get there by 10:00 for most of the week, they usually forgive me showing up at 13:00 one day. I've never been fired for being late. Oh, yeah, the trick to this? most of those places really did want me to show up on time. However, they wanted my work done even more. I can force myself awake at the same time every day (It's easy enough, I just keep a bowl of no-doz by the alarm, and eat one every time I hit the snooze) but I'm a zombie. So yeah, when they start giving me shit about showing up on time, I put in effort for a week or two, but at that point my performance starts falling, so I start showing up late again, and they are usually glad enough to see results that they are OK with my tardiness for a while. Many employers (myself included) will let you work from home, when you want to. (Of course, many of us do this because we find that people are willing to give you better work for less money, if you are willing to let them work when and where they want to. When you give people a choice, they usually sell you their most productive hours, which is awesome for the employer.) those online sites where you bid for work? e-lance and guru.com? they are about the worst place I can think of to look for contract work. Craigslist. Seriously. http://sfbay.craigslist.org/cpg I don't care if you are in the bay area or not. you get plenty of 'work from home' gigs there (and most of 'em are posted in the san francisco craigslist even if the client is in New York.) Oh, and another thing; if you do get an on-site contracting gig (this is how I pay for my business) remember that most on-site contractors are basically people who were not skilled enough to get the job full-time. If you are shockingly better than the other contractors on the team, they often put up with a less-reliable schedule. Oh, and developing a reputation for honesty on your timesheets is also recommended. The body shop is going to want you to just put all eights, but if you are good, and the client notices that you are good (and that you are honest on your timesheets) they will go to bat for you. You may technically work for the body shop, but the only people you really need to like you is the client. (If you can contract without a body shop and still get a good rate, shoot me an e-mail and explain how that works.) I've gotten really good foreigners for cheap, but not through agencies. keep in touch with your college friends on F-1 visas. Hire them if they go home. Keep in touch with co-workers on H-1 visas. hire them when they go home. Both can sometimes point you at others who are similarly skilled who don't have much by way of economic opportunity. for me, something familiar. set on repeat. the primary point is not the music, it is drowning out conversations my co-workers are having. Otherwise I become that irritating guy who jumps into every conversation within twenty feet of his cube. white noise doesn't work as well... the simple patterns in music, I think, help a lot. At a secondary level, some music seems to act a little like stimulants. But that is secondary to drowning out conversations. huh. both use xen... you'd think you'd be able to put a 32-bit image on there (unless they are using some ancient version of Xen) 32 on 64 seems to work pretty well on Xen 3.3. this reminds me, I need to start providing some 32-bit images. Hah. I know this one. Ok. first, are you willing to use a wrist strap, to buy an anti-static mat and verify you are grounded? http://prgmr.com/~lsc/luke_opterons.jpg (my setup) If you are not, stop right now and take someone else's advice about how to get a good deal out of dell and HP (me, I can't afford dell and hp prices... my business model cant take that kind of markup on the ram. Dell and HP have OK deals on the base server, but you get screwed if you fill it with ram.) Ok, you have the wrist strap and the dissapative mat? Ok, now first the ram. If you want 32GB ram, remember that 4GB modules cost twice as much per gigabyte as 2gb modules. this means you really want a board with 16 ram slots. Second, the hardest part of assembling a computer is fitting the motherboard into the case and designing the cooling. Me, I buy SuperMicro SuperServers where that sort of thing is alrealdy done. It probably costs me $200 extra over some homebrew solution, but it saves me time and gives me a better finished product. Here is the computer I settled on: http://supermicro.com/Aplus/system/1U/1021/AS-1021TM-T+.cfm Now, just search around for the lowest prices. if you are buying 20, you can call salesjerks, but my experience has been that they spend a lot of your time (time that I can bill out for close to $100/hr) and almost never give you a better deal on parts (remember, the salesguy wants to get paid, too.) I got the aformentioned case from newegg for around $1200. Next, do the same with CPUs. I ended up buying quad-core opteron HE chips at 1.9ghz for $260 or so each on newegg again. Now, for ram, I very rarely beat the price on shop.kingston.com. They have a nice thing for finding the ram that fits your motherboard, and a good warranty. the 2 servers in that photo? they take 1u of rackspace, around 350 wats power, and the whole ball of wax, for 2 servers, each with 8 cores and 32GB ram and 2x1TB disks, came in at under $5000. But again, if you are unwilling to use anti-static equipment, buy the servers from a reputable vendor, and never open them. the biggest problem with dell is only 8 ram slots. if you want 32GB ram, this means 4GB modules... you will end up paying more than a grand more per server than you would if you got a box with 16 ram slots. yeah, the IPMI kinda sucks... more than DRAC, even (which is worse than HP ILO) I use SuperMicros but I just redirect console over serial (they can do this even for the BIOS setup, nearly all 'server' boards can) then I hook the serial to another server with a $5 USB to rs232 dongle (or to a terminal server in the case of racks with a lot of servers) then you want a remote rebooter. You want that even with DRAC, 'cause DRAC isn't particularly reliable. if you leave that on all the time, and plan on keeping it for more than a month, that's a horrible deal. I can build a super micro server w/ 32G ram and 8 cores for around $2500, and I get to keep it. Heck, I'll rent you one of mine and host it for $512/month. Of course, if you only need it during the day, or temporarily or something, ec2 is an awesome deal. Good advice about not wasting time on people who want 'credit' - always check before hand how long it will take you to get paid. And don't count your money until the check clears. (though personally I'd wait two weeks, or even a month for a client if I couldn't do better.) about selling crap: sure, selling your video game system and TV is fine... if you have systems that are worth more than the time it takes to sell them. Right now it's pretty easy for me to get work at $80/hr... selling, say, the obsolete servers in my garage or my TV won't net me $80/hr. I guess it might make sense if you have nice stuff, or if you can't find contract work at all. (I've been there, I've made rent by selling obsolete computer parts. talk to your tax person You really want to pay off that debit out of pre-tax monies. (well, unless you are declaring bankruptcy, but your debit seems small for that.) Either way, a $100/hr tax dude seems expensive, but it's not as expensive as paying off that debit out of post-tax money. you have a good point. It's hard to find a co-lo that doesn't have excessive fees for 'not knowing exactly what you will need for the next two years' - I myself have gotten in trouble with bandwidth contracts. My point is just that at $700 for 4 cores/15G, you are better off paying for a server if you need at least two and stay more than two months. (I pay under $2500 for 8 cores/32G ram) Even if you buy a dell and have to pay for the more expensive 4GB modules ('cause all the dells I know of only have 8 ram slots) and pay for the 'sales guy tax' I imagine you aren't more than twice that, unless you get silly on the CPUs, so even then you are talking only 4 months to make your investment back. You do need to be careful about co-lo contracts, though, they are professionals (by which I mean they are really good at screwing you.) so watch out, and always assume the worst of any document you sign. There are places that let you go month-to-month, especially on the low end. He.net usually lets you get full racks on a month to month basis, with a reasonable ($500) setup fee... I know lots of smaller providers that give you month-to-month on a per-U basis. (see rippleweb.net - I host my backup servers there. Something like $80 per U/month, but that includes 1TB data transfer, and they let you host one of the aforementioned 8 core monsters without charging extra, and they let you go month to month.) Heh. so the article basically says 'open source is really good for software users, therefore it is bad for software vendors' - perhaps they are right, but that seems more like a positive than a negative to me. Personally, I wouldn't want to buy software from someone who wanted to lock me into something broken. RDP is actually a little better than VNC if you are using windows (imo) personally, I do everything in Linux in a shell. The only GUI I use on a regular basis is the web browser. With SSH, unless your connection is just horrible, it's difficult to tell if you are working locally or on a box hundreds of miles away. But if you want a GUI, that doesn't help you. Use RDP. ah. Yes. well, that's what I will do next. ask them to go to stores and sit in chairs. this person has used a standard, cheap office chair forever, and thinks back pain is normal. (which it might very well be, but this person hasn't spent much time on ergonomics yet, so I was looking for guidance from the chair enthusiast crowd here.) heh. yes, they should, but I hope they don't. When they started (I was accepting customers before they were) they beat my prices soundly. I was able to lower prices to slightly below ec2 probably a year ago, and now, my prices are about half amazon.com. Really, though, I don't think of it as lowering prices. I think of it as giving the customer more resources for the same price. The cost of ram and cpu (both capital costs, and recurring power costs) per unit is dropping rather fast, while the per-account overhead (a big deal for me, because my provisioning system sucks. probably less of a big deal for amazon.) remains about the same. really? While I agree that Tesla was much more of a genius (and that Edison did both himself and the world a disfavor by not putting up with him) I do think there is a place in the world for Edisons. (though I think they need to be careful to treat their Teslas well.) Tesla, while brilliant, was also kindof crazy, and from what I understand, had poor human and business skills. He died penniless, and getting funding for his work was always a problem. (a travesty, I think, after his early successes.) The optimal solution, I think, would have been for Edison to keep his ego in check (at least around Tesla) - I bet if Edison had handled the situation better, and managed to keep Tesla happier working for him, Tesla would have had a much more productive life. I mean, If you are lucky enough to have a Tesla, and he gives you something as awesome as AC, I'd set aside a portion of the resulting money for his future projects. Buy him a lab and some assistants (and whatever else he wanted) and let him focus on his next idea, rather than on trying to get funding. Edison could have done this... From what I understand that was kindof his business model, only he failed to keep Tesla happy. just a guess... but did you only work for small companies in the US and large ones in Italy? 'cause my experience (within the US) has been that large companies are very much like you describe Italian companies, and small companies are much more like the US companies you describe. I guess I also get pretty bored with jobs after a year or two. It's funny, though, I have been running this business for quite a bit longer than that, and it's not boring. I think the boring parts of the dayjob are the stupid that I can't change. I mean, sure, there is stupid at my company, too- sometimes a lot of stupid. but it's my stupid, and I'm allowed to figure out how to fix it. I think most of us are working towards a point where we can choose what we spend our time on. Me, I'm currently working a full-time contract gig for the money, and then coming home, working on my book and my hosting company. The book is winding down, and the hosting company, well, I might not be an awesome manager, but I do seem to be pretty good at finding and hiring underemployed people who turn out to be quite good. (as confirmed by the salaries they command when they leave my company.) so I do have good help. Obviously, I'm not to the point where I have less 'forced work' - in fact, I'm doing the opposite. Right now, I'm working way more hours than would provide maximum effectiveness (I think it's been more than a month since I've had a week with less than 80 hours.) I keep my productivity from going negative by switching tasks often and outsourcing many things normal people do themselves (for example, I pay someone to clean out my house once a week. It costs me $15/hr, and she's much faster than I am. Being as I bill out north of $70/hr even in my current state, it's a good deal) but it's still completely unsustainable, and there's one guy working for me that I lean on way too much. If he quits before I expect him to (usually people stick with me for around a year) I am so fucked. I don't see these 80 hour weeks as a good thing; they are, in fact, really stupid. I'd almost certainly get more done if I could cut it down to 60. But the book needs to get out soon... the publisher is getting antsy, and already Xen has changed so much we have to rewrite parts. And the hosting company, well, that's kindof the point here. that's why I'm putting up with this other crap, so I can't put it on hold. I figure after the book is out (assuming the hosting company keeps improving as it has been) I'll be able to cut my consulting hours, relying on the credibility of being published to reduce some of the marketing effort. If I had to do it over again, I would have set things up so that I could support myself on a part time job, and grown the hosting company more slowly, so it could also be supported by that part-time job. But I do find work, even work for other people to be pretty interesting for the first 6months or a year. This actually works out pretty well for me as a contractor. I mean, if you want someone for longer than six or twelve months, you shouldn't be using contractors anyhow, so nobody get's bent out of shape if I want to leave around that time. If I didn't have the entrepreneurial bug, I'd probably work as a contractor for three to six months out of the year, and read (or write) the rest of the time. Especially if you spent your working time in the bay area and your relaxing time somewhere cheaper, you could live pretty nicely that way. uh, yeah. they can also fail just like "web startups" - it's just you have a more obvious business model. Me, I've been running a Xen virtual private hosting company for the last few years. I sold backup space before that, and was utterly crushed by amazon S3. By the time EC2 was in public beta, I had been selling Xen VPSs for some time... they were cheaper than me for a while... but these days I'm rather a lot cheaper. Still, the competition is fierce. Sure, you don't need to get venture capital (one of the main reasons why I chose it, also, because I already have an important asset: I'm a pretty good SysAdmin, and I'm good at finding .) but there's no guarantee that you will make money. Margins are pretty thin, and like everything else, people still want to see you advertise. I would argue that it's not something 'anyone can do' any more than writing a webapp is something 'anyone can do' - either way, you need some technical skill, or the money to buy some technical skill, along with business and marketing skills. time. Resources. Lack of artistic/design skill (actually, I'm selling about as fast as I can get servers up, so marketing is not high on the priority list right now) check out http://prgmr.com/xen/ Horrible, no? I'm moving to a design based on http://prgmr.com/~lsc/css/ - very minimalist (when I'm done, most words on that page will be links to more information) The idea is that I have no taste. I can come up with something that conveys the idea, but I'm pretty much operating on blind trust when choosing a designer. I can give you a long list of links to designs that I've got from people which were either clearly bad, or that other people told me were horrible. In my business, credibility is very important. Well, that, and price, but I'm the cheapest of my competitors by quite a lot, so it's really only credibility I need to worry about. A web presence is part of that. I was also approached about writing a book on the subject, so I imagine that will help: http://nostarch.com/xen.htm though I clearly have missed the hype sweet-spot. where in the bay area? I'm in the south bay, and might be interested in something similar. let me know if you end up finding something in the south bay. Convenience, for me, is paramount. Right now, I'll usually take a laptop to a restaurant or cafe... Starbucks is not the place to do this, usually. too busy, and they are setup to move people in and out quickly. (they have an interesting business model... basically be kindof like places that loose money being a cool place to hang out, only without the expensive space-using 'hanging out' part.) There's a 'bubble tea' place near where I live that I like, they aren't busy and the owners seem friendly, and they don't seem to mind me being loud while working with others. they aren't open late, though. and I've got to bring my own network. and no external monitors or anything nice like that. (really, I can't work for more than an hour or two on a laptop without tweaking out my back. External keyboards and monitors solve the problem) so long as you can still make money, you need to be careful with this... it is easy to spend an hour saving $10, but if you bill out at $80/hr, that doesn't make sense, unless you can't find any work at all. Personally, looking over my personal expenses, I see I can save a lot of money eating in more. However, I think the returns diminish quite a lot when choosing cheaper raw materials over more expensive raw materials. Either way, groceries are still so cheap that it's not worth the time to optimize. (but then, I'm not really an organic/premium guy.. I guess for some people looking at that might make sense) same thing in the business... optimizing the co-lo costs makes a lot of sense... but saving a hundred bucks per server by not using hot-swap drives is a false economy. It only takes one bad drive (and the resulting downtime) to pay for a whole bunch of hot-swap bays. I think usually the easiest way to save money is to look for 'premium' services. If you are buying $15/Lb 'premium organic' beef, eh, you might want to think about switching to the normal steak at $5/lb. If you are going with rackspace.com, you might want to look at a less expensive hosting provider. (generally speaking, if you have to ask how much it costs, you are getting overcharged. If you have to talk to a sales guy to buy the product, remember that his salary is being added to the cost of your product.) Another thing to point out here is the premium for renting servers. At what I pay (that is, small business prices) I can usually build servers for what it costs to rent them for two to three months. Sure, ec2 is great if the servers are only on a few hours a day, but you can save a whole lot of money by moving your core servers to dedicated boxes you own and co-locate. "Never buy from a rich salesman. Always use a rich lawyer" Remember that the confidence and good looks of the salesguy have zero correlation to the reliability of the service, and usually have a inverse correlation to the value for the dollar of a service. Good salesguys are expensive. If you like that sort of thing, during good times, it's fine to spend the extra money and get the guy to take you out to lunch. But during the hard times, that's a premium you maybe should look at giving up. Let employees work from home, if you can give up the office. If you are good at communicating over the computer, think of hiring people to work from home in the midwest or the south. Drop your recruiting firm or body shop. Hire directly through contacts, or if worst comes to worst, craigslist. Usually headhunters add little value, and they are quite expensive. (actually, my experience has been that body shops give you the resumes of mediocre people. They do cull the worst, but they also cull the best, has been my experience.) Going through resumes isn't that hard, and really it's something you can probably do better than most headhunters. The layoffs are cutting pretty deep, even people who are moderately good are getting the axe now. And fresh graduates? good god. Times are tough for them... more and more people with degrees (and even a little experience) are moving into my price range. Nice! hm. and Python support means that even those without as much C++ foo can contribute. I will check it out. I would say "do both" - aws is awesome if your site is running slow 'cause you are out of capacity, or you otherwise need a box 'right now' or for only a short period of time. spin up another instance and be done with it. But for the boxes you leave on all the time, you are probably better off buying and co-locating your own server. Usually the capital cost difference is made up in only a few months. The times when a Xen host makes long-term sense are when you want a box that is smaller than optimal. Right now, I buy dual quad-core opterons w/ 32G ram and 2x1TB disk... assuming I am ok with moderate-speed low-power opterons, it costs about $3K up front. Hosting, say, another $150/month. That's a whole lot of ec2 instances. At those prices, well, AWS is pretty expensive over the long term. But yeah. AWS is awesome for the servers you don't need on all the time, or servers you don't have time to setup (or your whole ball of wax if your margins are such that paying more for computers won't break your business model.) the upside of dedicated servers (that you own) is that after a few months they are dramatically cheaper. Personally, I think that if you are small enough to need less than a full physical box, a VPS usually makes sense. If you are large enough to need more than one physical box, it usually makes sense to use ec2 or other VPS providers for the stuff you need right now, and then build out dedicated servers for your longer-term needs. This explains why the 'you act like an employee, just easier to fire' in-person contracting gigs usually only pay 25%-50% more than the same gig as a salaried employee, while my experience has been that off-site, work-when-you-can freelance work more often commands two to four times the hourly rate you'd expect as a salaried employee.