Encryption would only stop attackers that are too stupid to grab the encryption key that would be sitting right next to the database. Browser would need to decrypt it, after all, and if browser can so can anyone else. The violation is that adblockers were blocking ads in other 3rd party apps. Manipulating other apps is the violation. This has nothing do with the blocking ads on the web like people are saying. These instead block ads in things like Angry Birds and other apps. > First, Android hasn't solved the updating problem. Sure it has - buy a nexus device, get updates. The rest isn't Google's problem as they aren't Google's devices. > It lacks code-signing Wrong. > Apps have access to a shell. So? The shell they can access can't do anything the app can't. That's like saying apps can run code - no shit, what's your point? > App Permissions, though many people think they help with this problem, actually have nearly no effect whatsoever on the ability to root/jailbreak/privilege escalate on Android. Of course they don't, because those are completely unrelated. iOS's code signing and other stuff hasn't stopped it from getting jailbroken. Complex systems have bugs, who'd have guessed it? Also rooting is an actual feature on some Android phones (such as all Nexus ones) - not an exploit. > Apps can dynamically update their own code at runtime. Yup, and as a result Android users get to enjoy real web browsers, for example. And languages with JITs. > If you wanted to develop a mobile/embedded platform to bring a new generation of users onto the web and into your customer base, you should have spent about 5 minutes figuring out how to do it without opening them up to harm. Android is the way it is because it wasn't believed these design features (aka safety) couldn't be included in the beginning. Wrong. Android is easily the most securely designed OS out there that still allows side loading, period. Not claiming it is the most secure, as there are obviously bugs, but the most securely designed. Desktop OSes are incredibly bad here, and iOS only manages to prevent it by stripping you of all your freedom. Gmail's IMAP supports the IMAP push extensions. I don't know if Apple's Mail app supports them or uses them, but just because it's IMAP doesn't mean it isn't push. Of course they don't deny indirect because that would be a lie. Everyone provides data indirectly via a thing called "warrants". Google publishes how many indirect requests they comply with right here: http://www.google.com/transparencyreport/userdatarequests Kind of like this? http://www.google.com/transparencyreport/userdatarequests If you believe this "PRISM" thing exists at all how the media is painting it, your data isn't safe in ANYONE'S hands. Google has way better lawyers to fight that stuff (and clearly DO fight this stuff - see the National Security Letters thing) than most other cloud companies. Google & Facebook have literally said exactly that. You are just refusing to believe them for some reason. False, national intelligence is still covered by Google's transparency report - see the NSL (National Security Letters) part. Google has been by far unquestionably, undeniably the MOST transparent. They were the ones that started disclosing government requests in the first place. They are the ones currently fighting against National Security Letters as being unconstitutional in the courts. If you can find a more transparent company when it comes to government data requests I would love to know about that company. And no shit Facebook and Google are in damage control mode. They'd be in damage control mode regardless of if they are guilty or innocent, this is a huge PR disaster for both of them and nobody seems to give a shit what the facts are - this went from a few bad power point slides to national panic overnight. Being under a gag order is VERY different from being under a "legal obligation to lie". There is no such thing as a legal obligation to lie. You can be under a legal obligation to not disclose it, or to not talk about it, yes, but to lie about it? No, absolutely not. Maybe these companies have VOLUNTARILY lied, that's possible, but that's also rather unlikely as that would suggest they are friendly with the NSA for some reason. Correcting your mistakes is not shameful or pathetic. Simple, you say "no comment". Companies do this all the time. Of course we can go back to business as usual post-PRISM, because PRISM turned out to be absolutely nothing. It's a mundane, boring data storage & analysis system for data obtained through FISA requests about specific individuals. It's not a data dump from major tech companies, it's not a warrant-less spy program, etc... Here: http://usnews.nbcnews.com/_news/2013/06/08/18850035-intellig... The people up in arms aren't thinking logically, they are thinking emotionally. That's a terrible way to make any sort of decision. > It is a low view of the NSA to think that they do not have the ability to real-time decrypt SSL certs from every major SSL cert authority. For most SSL certs this is probably true, but Google uses perfect forward secrecy which makes this very unlikely if not damn near impossible: http://googleonlinesecurity.blogspot.com/2011/11/protecting-... > I still find these numbers fairly high. If cops need a warrant to get into my home why don't they need one to get into my "facebook home"? The COPS do - they are required to get warrants for data requests and those warrants can't be overly broad. The NSA are not cops, though, and somehow ended up with different rules. > but they mention nothing about the allegation that NSA didn't need to submit these requests. That's because everyone has already denied that claim. If you didn't believe them the first thousand times they said they don't do that, why would you believe them if they said it yet again? What are you looking for? The statements have all been made by those companies, and they all deny that any sort of broad data access by the NSA happens. Either FB|Microsoft|Google|Yahoo|etc... are all lying, or Snowden didn't understand what he leaked. I'm betting the later. > The government has already shown us how they are fully capable of lying, and even worse - forcing companies under their control to lie. The government can, and does, lie. The government can NOT force other companies to lie. Nor is the claim that Facebook & others are under the governments control remotely supported by anything resembling evidence. Pretty sure the NSA isn't that stupid to leave that loophole wide open. Similarly Google probably isn't allowed to disclose the past 6 months even in aggregate since they already published specifics. Most links I encounter on the internet are underlined in addition to colored. Apple has historically changed almost nothing between the developer previews and the public releases. There's no reason to think they will start now. Strong selling point WAS consistency. It clearly isn't now, as iOS 7 is hilariously inconsistent with itself even within a single screen. Scrolling repaints the content (expensive) Changing a translate3d does not repaint the content, it simply translates a GPU texture (damn near free) Sadly desktop browsers haven't caught up to their mobile equivalents yet and still have brain dead scrolling. Nope If the phone is off it cannot be remotely accessed, and thus cannot be used as a remote listening device. Which is stupid because of how obviously wrong it is. Batteries that can sustain the cell radio, CPU, and audio DSP are not small and easily concealed, and more importantly tear downs of phones happen all the time and no such reserve power is ever found. > The article linked to above, plus several other sources I've come across suggest you are incorrect. They are wrong. Which is not unusual, news outlets get technical information wrong all the bloody time. Hell, they get things wrong more often than they get them right. > I don't pretend to understand it, but there is some technique that makes your phone into a remote listening device even when off. Nope. > Also -- that's the whole point -- otherwise Snowden would just say "Please turn your phones off". Snowden is a dramatic source, not an accurate one. I'm glad he blew the whistle because it brings the NSA into the media's focus, but technical accuracy is clearly not his strong suit. They sell these devices for $20 or so called "multimeters" that let you measure this. Also there's the pretty fucking obvious fact that the battery suddenly lasts for months instead of hours. source.android.com Sure, but those greeting cards typically don't have quad core CPUs in them, either. You'd have to expand the claim to not only include hidden reserve power, but also hidden reserve memory, CPU, and audio system. Not to mention somehow convincing phone OEMs to actually spend the money adding this system to their motherboards and building it - there's no way in hell you are randomly sneaking that in at the factory without the OEMs knowledge. So now you also have to somehow keep the OEMs quiet about it. In a word, "bull-fucking-shit". > This advice is wrong. Try turning off an older feature phone's regular operating system, and then plugging it in to charge. Many of them will immediately come alive with a "charging" indicator on the screen, even when supposedly powered off. This pre-boot mode is perfectly capable of turning on the mic and recording what's going on. Smartphones do the same thing. But that's triggered by a hardware interrupt (you physically connecting power to an input). You CAN NOT do that remotely, as there must be power on the receiver to receive the signal in the first place. Or here, let's simplify it. Power off your cell phone, then have someone call it. Does it ring? No, of course it doesn't. Your argument is that by changing the caller from your friend to the NSA that somehow the phone would now be able to react to that signal. Which is utterly idiotic. Definitive source is easy as shit - power off your phone, then see if it's drawing any power from the battery. If it's not, then it can't be remotely activated. Period, end of story. That's just flat out not possible. If we had the technology to receive wireless signals without using any power our cell phones would have batteries that last for weeks instead of a day. > NOTE: Moore's law is concerned with number of transistors on a chip. That number has climbed, it's just split into several cores. Exactly, so now Moore's law is working against JavaScript, since JS doesn't do threading. So let's assume JS somehow magically gets to be ~2x slower than native instead of ~4x slower. With the standard being quad cores now, that makes JS ~8x slower than native doing image processing - you know, that whole "instagram" thing that's insanely popular on smartphones. And during that ~8x longer it's spending processing that image, your UI is completely frozen and unresponsive. Yes I know about WebWorkers, but WebWorkers are hideously inefficient & slow by design. The limitations with them are also absurd, it is not a substitute for threading. The world is better off forgetting that they exist - which it basically has. You know who else cooperates with the NSA? The Linux community. You know, that whole "SELinux" thing? Yeah, that's an NSA project. Turns out cooperating with the NSA doesn't automatically mean spying on the public, it could instead be hardening crypto security. Which is the NSA's other job, it turns out. Apple was probably the last approached as until fairly recently they didn't have any data as their cloud services were categorical failures. Yahoo still ranks far, far behind Google (and Twitter, and Dropbox, and etc...) according to the EFF: https://www.eff.org/sites/default/files/who-has-your-back-20... > right now the evidence points towards Yahoo doing that better than most. Evidence still points to Google quite solidly leading in this area. Yahoo has 1 gold star from the EFF, Google has considerably more. Assuming you place any value in glittery gold stars from the EFF, that is. Yahoo didn't challenge their involvement in PRISM according to these court documents. They instead challenged FISA orders. PRISM is not mentioned anywhere. The shitty CNET article is conflating the two, but they are not the same. So no, Yahoo has not contradicted themselves. The mount point of the internal storage is /sdcard, that's probably what he meant. > So 4.3 fixes neither the ad-hoc WiFi issue #82 nor the audio latency issue #3434. Low latency audio is "fixed" on the Android side, it needs better device support though. Apps need to actually support the fast path as well, which I don't think many do. http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=d3kfEeMZ65c I don't know if the new Nexus 7 supports the low latency audio path, though. But Android itself does have low latency audio, it's a device-specific thing though. > At least for me, phone traffic is free What magical land do you live in that has truly unlimited cell data? And how much does it cost? > how would I even know if some feature is waiting for "nonexpensive connection" that is not going to come any time soon? The feature is typical used for things like when you enable "only do this on WiFi" type options, it knows that although it is connected to a wifi hotspot, that hotspot itself is using cell data so don't do that expensive thing that you said to only do on wifi. Typically the worst thing that'll happen is you will get a few "are you sure?" style dialogs when you go to install a large game or similar. Darwin is but a single (very small) part of iOS. Only if you consider all of iOS's frameworks & apps to be a binary blobs is it "almost the same problem". Android's SecureRandom uses BouncyCastle prior to 4.2 and OpenSSL in 4.2+ ( http://android-developers.blogspot.com.au/2013/02/security-e... ) It'd be interesting to know what the bug is and if that bug affects Bouncy Castle and/or OpenSSL as well, or if Google screwed up the glue code somehow > Overall I get the impression that Android will, just like Linux, be eternally "almost there". The version that fixes all the little niggles will be forever just over the horizon. Except in the opposite direction it seems. Android is very much already there for consumers, which this blog perfectly highlights. Your complaints, however, are centered around not normal consumers but power linux users. Linux: Caters to power users, never quite there for consumers Android: Caters to consumers, never quite there for Linux users Also FYI it's quite easy to remove the search box from the home screen. You can either disable Google Search entirely, or you can just install one of the half a billion or so alternative launchers in the Play Store. You can even have it look like WebOS if you want: https://play.google.com/store/apps/details?id=com.gau.go.lau... > I told my wife yesterday, "I didn't think it was possible that someone, in 2013, would develop a phone that was worse at event notifications than the iPhone but they've done it with Android!" How are Android's notifications worse than the iPhone's? Android's notifications have consistently been regarded as superior. There's a reason Apple straight up copied Android's notifications, Google got this oh so very right. > Since then, JS has gotten about a billion times faster across pretty much all browsers. JS has gotten slightly faster, but not much. JS isn't really a bottleneck anyway. Six years has also increased the pixel count by 10x (150k pixels in the iPhone 1 vs. 2 million in the SGS4). The hardware has barely gotten faster relative to pixel count, and in some respects (such as memory bandwidth) has gotten slower . The web is no more viable on mobile today than it was 6 years ago. Web doesn't do efficient - never has, probably never will. > 2. Android in particular is really nasty at the low end. The quality of experience you would get from a tightly optimised and simplified Firefox OS would be immeasurably better. Firefox OS is worse here, not better. Gingerbread runs far better on low end hardware than Firefox OS does. The later Android stuff is more demanding (particularly in RAM), but the performance target (60fps everywhere, low latency) is also much, much higher than what Firefox OS is capable of achieving. Firefox OS is less efficient than iOS, Android, or WP. By a lot . By "alarm" do you mean calendar notification or alarm clock alarm? Because alarm clocks don't require unlocking to see what they are, it sounds like you may be dismissing them before looking at them. Calendar notifications are in the notification tray until you dismiss them I don't know what other "event" notifications you are talking about. Also note that a lot of this is up to whatever app you are using and not Android itself. Oh, try using Google Calendar instead: https://play.google.com/store/apps/details?id=com.google.and... (or whatever other calendar program you want - there's really no need to stick with the built-in if you don't like it) Go look at any hands on video or flash it yourself on a device that runs Android. It's clear as day that Firefox OS is far from fast and responsive on hardware that Android doesn't have issues with. And this makes a ton of logical sense, as it would be a goddamn miracle if Mozilla managed to make web technologies an order of magnitude faster and more memory efficient than anyone else. Or hell, just run Firefox on your existing Android device - that's all Firefox OS is in reality. Mozilla makes a bunch of claims about how it's "closer to the metal" or some such nonsense, but it isn't. It's not like Android runs all native code in a VM - it's as "close to the metal" as you can get, with the exception that system calls go to the kernel. Just as they do in Firefox OS. Particularly since Firefox OS is built on top of Android. I was referring to the NDK. The NDK is perfectly capable of input & drawing - it's what many games use, for example. It's also what Firefox uses. Well, Firefox is a hybrid - a mix of Java and native. But the web parts are all native running outside of dalvik and drawing directly to a surface via OpenGL. YouTube's API only requires the video player itself to be in HTML5, the rest of the app can be native or whatever the hell you want. The engineering work here is youtube hands you an HTML snippet (specifically an ), and you plop that into a UIWebView where you want the inline video to be and you're done. https://developers.google.com/youtube/iframe_api_reference There is no such ToS. Nor is there any "app must be HTML5" requirement. > it is an impressive showcase of what you can achieve with HTML. That statement right there is the single biggest problem that web faces. You still have to qualify it with impressive for HTML . Because the bar for HTML is just so, sooooo low compared to native. On desktop it kind of works because performance really isn't a problem - you've got boatloads of CPU & RAM to just throw at it and nobody expects 60fps. On mobile it's the exact opposite. Web isn't a viable platform for app development until people start saying "that's impressive" without the "for HTML" qualifier. And that isn't going to happen anytime soon. > Anyone who wants a stop gap though, should check this out: https://github.com/pwnall/chromeview A stop gap that adds at least 30mb to your application is a really shitty solution. You still have to download the library at some point, and the library has to end up in your app's private libs folder. Android doesn't do dependencies or inter-app shared libraries outside of those that are part of the platform. Except companies like Mozilla and Google (even Microsoft) don't give that data to those companies, and have no incentive to do so. Indeed, to a company like Google that would be corporate suicide as it would undermine their main source of revenue. Google's money comes from being a middle man, they want to keep their competitive advantage (your data to target ads) secret more than you do. So your scenario doesn't exist. > You don't need to treat me like the bad guy when I'm clearly not exploiting you. I'm not seeing where Google treated him like a "bad guy"? It sounds like he was expecting Google to sing his high praises, which of course didn't happen. The bug bounty payout also has qualifications that the author didn't come remotely close to meeting ( http://www.google.com/about/appsecurity/reward-program/ ), so I have no idea why he expected he should get paid. By his own admission he doesn't know how the attacker got access to his account, nor where the $20k came from. So what vulnerability did he find? I guess Google's failure here was to protect the author from his own lax security. > 1) "Google [...] doesn't give that data to those companies". What about selling that data? That's in line with what you call "being a middle man" I think. 1) Nobody really actually wants to buy that data in the first place. Companies that buy ads just want to sell you shit, they really, really don't care about you in the slightest. Sorry, but your personal information by itself isn't actually worth a damn thing. Hell, if companies were willing to pay for my browsing history I'd sell it to them myself. 2) Why on earth would Google sell one of its advantages? If Google sold data Facebook or Microsoft would buy all of it in a snap and Google would be screwed. s/gives/court ordered to produce/ And how is that relevant anyway? Do you think the government then turns around and hands it to other companies for shits and giggles? Memory bus bandwidth has nothing whatsoever to do with CPU word size. You'll have to wait for LPDDR4 for an increase in memory bandwidth. so step 1 of teaching C++ is "how to compile 101" where the lesson consists entirely of "g++ -wall -werror " Google has been publishing transparency reports for years and were the first to get approval for the disclosure of NSL requests. It's not Google's fault you only started looking for the information after Snowden's stuff. > Early Android prototypes, shown by Google just before the iPhone was announced had half-size screens and physical keyboards, just like the rest of the smartphones of the day. The HTC G1 was also one of the early prototypes shown off. Android definitely came later, but they were already working on a large, capacitive touch phone before the iPhone came out. > Since then Apple has consistenly beat Google on hardware features, from the retina display Uh, no, so very much no. Apple was sooo late to the high density party. Android was shipping high density, high resolution phones a year before Apple did. Apple did leapfrog on the density front with retina, but they were definitely, unquestionably playing catch-up on this front, not leading the way. > camera innovations, the motion co-processor, a working fingerprint sensor (for a change) All of this was done by other companies first, and in some cases better. > The iOS Cocoa API is leaps and bounds ahead of the Android API. This is such a stupid statement. Both APIs have their advantages and disadvantages. > The major points for Android devices were not better engineering per se, but stuff like bigger screens, different configurations etc. Which was enabled due to superior engineering in some respects. True density independence, flexible layouts everywhere, architecture-neutral designs, etc... > Compared to what, since, according to TFA they have the smallest touch latency? Drawing apps can easily end up with significantly higher latency than the baseline if they aren't careful with how they do input smoothing and such. It's really easy to get that wrong and bloat your touch latency. Read the actual report, not the venture beat blog spam: http://appglimpse.com/blog/ > We built simple, optimized apps to flash the full screen white* as quickly as possible in response to a touch. The apps contain minimal logic and use OpenGL/DirectX rendering to make sure the response is as quick as possible. Since these are barebones native apps doing nothing more than filling the screen in response to a touch, this benchmark defines the Minimum App Response Time (MART) a user could experience on a mobile app on each device. This has fuck all to do with Obj-c vs. Dalvik. Android's input system is in C++ anyway. According to this test WP8 isn't any better than Android. Well, specifically the Lumia 928 isn't any better than the Galaxy S4. Need to be specific about which device, since we're almost exclusively talking about hardware here (touch controller, GPU, and display controller) - the OS isn't doing much. > Silly, lazy, javascript-loving google, it used to work just fine without javascript It used to not be interactive, either, yet now it is. JavaScript used to not be a core web technology, yet now it is. > You can still inject your hack via LD_PRELOAD + detouring dlsym/dlopen. Even were that not possible, you could have fun with, e.g., ptrace. This all works on Windows, too. It's what things like FRAPS use, or the half dozen game overlays that apps like Mumble offer (including Steam's for that matter) Anti-cheat systems are just a constantly escalating game of cat & mouse like anti-virus systems where signatures and code patterns are recognized, game DLLs are hashed to see if they were modified, etc... There's zero, zilch, nada OS level support for these. Input latency is going to be Audio & Video, on the other hand, is more interesting. Let's assume everything is running at 60fps. Your encoder is therefore not adding any more than 16ms (if it was more, it wouldn't be keeping up and therefore not doing 60fps - it could definitely be less, though). Blu-ray is 48mbit/s, but for 24fps (youtube 's 1080p is ~8mbit for comparison). Let's take that same 48mbit/s, but adjust for 60fps instead. 1 frame would therefore be 0.8 mbit, or 100KB. If your network can do 48mbit/s, your video latency would therefore be 16ms. If your network is faster, though, the latency drops proportionally. Even a cell phone can do 100mbit/s on wifi, which would be 8ms of latency. A gigabit network would transfer that 0.8mbit needed in about a millisecond. So your total latency of input, encoding, and transmission of the frame would be 32ms at most, and if you have a fast network & computer it could actually be down in the 5ms or less range. Web browsers let you hover over a link to query if it's clickable before clicking it. Also in this case the problem is if a site has some text that's blue & clickable, and some text that's blue & not clickable. That's more or less what iOS 7 is doing. Colored text doesn't mean it performs an action. It might, it might not. Similarly, black text might be clickable, it might not. It might have a border, it might not. And these are all mixed together in the same app, or even a single screen such as the case of the alarm that the article is talking about. > Everybody is now an expert Everybody is an expert in deciding what they don't like. It doesn't matter how much designer-speak bullshit you can spew, if the person using it doesn't like it or finds it too confusing, it failed. > How did we reach the point where we suspect a country's privacy regulator of engaging in a publicity stunt (why? what do they gain from publicity?) Are you new to the world? Or just hopelessly naive? It's called politics & lobbying. > Is it not possible that the answer could be the simplest one, Occam's Razor and all, that Google doesn't want to comply with French privacy law because it interferes with its business model? Occam's Razor doesn't apply here. It never applies to law, because law is not about simple, concise rules of logic. And second, it doesn't apply because your scenario doesn't make any fewer assumptions than other scenarios. It's possible that French law is right and Google is wrong. It's possible that Google is right and French law is wrong. It's possible that Google is right, French law is right, and the regulators are wrong. And really all of those are equally likely possibilities. It's part of a big song and dance. Google doesn't think it violated the law, the regulators think they did. Google is taking the entire amount of time they were given before responding with "no", and now the regulators are banging the pots and pans. This is how it always goes - regardless of guilt or innocence. > If they provide 'first-class' documentation for their partners to consume which has already been sanitized of NDA-restricted disclosures, maybe all they need to do is remove the 'CONFIDENTIAL' header. What partners? The only ones writing AMD GPU drivers is AMD, and internal documentation tends to universally be crap. No, bankruptcy would be if we default. Having debt != being bankrupt. > Google hasn't improved the language level beyond Java 6 grammar. That's because Oracle has been suing them over it. Dalvik hasn't changed in years thanks to that lawsuit. Google was steadily improving Dalvik right up until that lawsuit happened, then it came to a screeching halt. That's not a coincidence. And really, what Java 7 language level features were there that makes it problematic that Android still runs Java 6? The good stuff was dropped from 7 and pushed to 8. 7 is boring. Simplified IO is a library feature, not a language feature, and Android has its own IO stuff anyway. Diamond type inference is cute, but hardly important. You could do the same thing with a save macro in your IDE. Try with resources is about the only thing in that list that would be actually useful in Android. > Any Java library targeted for Java 7, even without the new language features, is also not usable in Android projects, because Dex cannot understand the new Java 7 bytecodes. So target Java 6 if you're making a library. Which is what people do anyway, because not everyone has immediately jumped to 7. And none of them will run on J2ME which Sun/Oracle never upgraded past 1.3 for Pete's sake. If not upgrading Java was worthy of a lawsuit, we should be class action'ing the hell out of Oracle for the crime against humanity that was J2ME. BlackBerry was also 1.3 right up until the end. Android right now is only using a version of Java that's ~1 year out of date. That's still a shitload better still than Sun ever managed to do on mobile. > Google is a corporation like any other. Cows go moo. Saying irrelevant facts is fun! You're on to something here I think. > Yet looking back the track record doesn't quite match. Well it does, kind of. I mean, during the space race itself and the cold war the US's space program had no in flight fatalities. The first NASA flight fatality wasn't until '86, a good 14 years after the Apollo program had ended. For what it's worth the Soviet's response to the Shuttle program was a failure. NASA remains the only one to get a partially re-usable orbiter into use. > But you know, that is also perhaps thing that should have factored in -- "If we launch 8 people at once, we will probably kill all of them if an accident happens". The Space Shuttle program already had a good 24 successful flights, 6 of which were in the Challenger, before the first fatal flight. It wasn't like they crammed in a bunch of people in an experimental ship for shits and giggles. The first set of shuttle flights only had a crew of 2. > but then decided it wasn't a very efficient space launch platform and stopped using it. No, they planned on using it again. But the Soviet Union stopped being a thing before that happened. And multiple times there has been interest in reviving Buran. > It is just that "shuttles" are just a bad idea to start with. Shuttles are a fantastic idea. Just because the implementation wasn't brilliant doesn't make the idea bad. Then again I'd strongly disagree with your claim that the Shuttle program was bad in the first place. It had a very successful and impressive 30 year carrier. The comparisons of the Shuttle vs. the Soyuz are bad in the first place as the two platforms are vastly different in lifting capability. The correct comparison would be the Shuttle vs. the Proton-M/K, and the Protons are far from reliable (Proton-M has had 8 failed launches since 2001). Without the Space Shuttle we wouldn't have the ISS for example. > Sounds like historically their design is just better. Better than what? The Saturn V is the only rocket that has propelled humans to the moon, and the entire Saturn family has zero deaths. And the Saturn V remains to this day the heaviest lifter mankind has created (NASA's SLS and China's Long March 9 are in development to surpass the Saturn V) > The Shuttle was so complicated that every flight was 'experimental'. One can leave testing phase after all fatal bugs are discovered and addressed, this never happened. So every time you fly in an airplane or drive your car do you call it an experimental vehicle? How about your house? Is it experimental, too? > This suggests that Samsung's Exynos 5 is extremely power-hungry or Chrome OS's power optimization is extremely bad. I'm betting it's Chrome OS. The Nexus 10 also runs the Exynos 5, same exact chip, yet it gets 9+ hours of web browsing battery life and does it with a 2560x1600 screen. > however it shouldn't be forgotten that this device isn't nearly indicative of any consumer Linux revolution. This either already happened (Android, TiVo, ChromeOS, SteamOS, etc...), or it's never, ever going to happen. Take your pick. Because Linux the kernel has very much already had its consumer revolution. "Linux" as in "GNU/Linux + X11 + Gnome/KDE/XFCE/Whatever" will never have a consumer revolution. It's just not going to happen, sorry. I enjoy that setup, but it's not going to get mass market appeal. Nexus 10 has a 22.75Wh battery, the HP Chromebook's is 30Wh. Chromebook has a bigger battery than the N10, not a smaller one. Probably also a factor in why the Chromebook tips the scales at 2.3lbs vs. the N10's 1.3lbs. > We have two countries that tried to build them and in the end it is still 60s tried and true technology that puts man in space. Some of those reasons are price, some politics. One country succeeded, and the other stopped being a country. In neither case did the idea fail. > Another way to put it, if the idea is so complicated that nobody got it to be implemented properly and no country is actively working on a new design, I say there is something with the idea. No, that's called learning from experience. There's nothing wrong with the idea. It's an idea still actively being explored by a variety of people as well, and the tech developed for the Shuttle programs lives on the SLS and Ares vehicles that NASA is replacing the Shuttle with. > one can also say well hypothetically if NASA had an equivalent program to Soyuz maybe they would have had more money in the pocket to build an even bigger and better ISS, or ISS would have been there a lot sooner. We can state with certainty that the ISS would have happened a lot LATER if all we had was Soyuz vehicles, if it would have happened at all. Soyuz lacks the capacity to build the ISS or to do space walk repairs. There's a reason Proton was used more than Soyuz was in the construction of the ISS. Soyuz is good for some things, building space stations, repairing satellites, or getting to the moon/mars are all not on that list. Also you do realize the Shuttle wasn't the only NASA vehicle, right? NASA does have Soyuz-class vehicles, such as the Atlas or the Delta (Atlas-Centaur alone has more flights than the Shuttle) "quick" is also an AOT compiler like the LLVM-based "portable", not a JIT. > The best thing we can hope for is that Google makes Android so anti-consumer, anti-developer and anti-hacker Except Google is doing the exact opposite. The Nexus 5 is the best off-contract phone out there hands down AND comes with an unlockable bootloader. Google made the N5 and other kitkat devices more secure out of the box with this change AND continues to let you go nuts with your own hardware, best of both worlds. It doesn't protect against root exploits, but it protects against data dumping with physical access. Hence why unlocking the bootloader forces a data wipe. It does not hurt users at all if there's an unlock, which all of Google's devices have. > Lets start from the beginning: the NSA "hack" became possible because Google (and its security team) made bad assumptions about the security of the connection between Google's data centers and did not encrypt the traffic. The assumption isn't bad - it's a private network line, not a public internet connection. Nobody else had access to that line, at least they weren't supposed to. Splicing a fiber line is a bit outside the scope of your random attacker. You can't blame Google for not anticipating a hostile break-in by the government. The discussion should absolutely, 100% be directed at the NSA here. To accept that a private network connection is open season for the government to tap is batshit insane. > Moreover, it is not clear if other governments or criminals also had access to the users' data (e.g. in Google's data centers located outside of the US). So far Google did not produce any public post-mortem thus we have no clue how bad was the problem. How is Google supposed to tell you if they themselves didn't know? Although from the leaks it sounds like everyone is fucked thanks to the GCHQ and the NSA getting friendly with each other. > Well, I feel that encrypting traffic inside the data center is not a bad idea (and we do it at WePay where I serve as CSO). Do you have your own data center building? And if you don't have your own data center buildings, how are you guarding against physical attacks? Because just saying "encryption" doesn't actually mean anything. Encryption isn't free, and at Google scale that can add up. Useless encryption is just wasted power > For example, I don't want our system administrators to have an easy way to look at the traffic: yes, it is still possible to do but it is harder and requires some very unusual actions that will trigger alerts everywhere. That can be accomplished in many ways that don't involve encryption. And your servers are all capable of decrypting the data at some point, so you still have to trust your sys admins and/or have alternative systems in place as they still have access to the unencrypted data. > A good security will have in-depth defense and built-in monitoring/audit measure that would at the very least allow you to determine what have happened post-factum. How, exactly, do you detect cable splicing? Much less audit said splicing? You seem to be asking for a hell of a lot more than "good security" There is no such thing as perfect security, only good enough security. At some point you have to accept risks, and the risk of physical network attacks is incredibly small compared to all the other attack vectors. Nobody was well prepared for the NSA's physical network attacks. No, what was discussed was the NSA tapping in at ISP points, not digging up cables to splice them. And "discussed" is not accurate. It was proposed by a few but rejected by most as paranoid. > So far I haven't seen any evidences that there was cable splicing. Thus using occam's razor I would assume that the hack was much simpler than that. What? The evidence totally points to cable splicing. What hack involves getting all the inter-DC packets but nothing else? Obviously the machines weren't compromised, or they wouldn't have cared about reverse-engineering the wire protocol. So what are you proposing was hacked? > I'll re-iterate that security should be built on defense-in-depth principle. Every single protection layer will fail or someone will go around it. The assumption that a data center is "safe" is a bad assumption period. You have to play "what-if" game and think for the attacker. And I'll re-iterate that you're asking for a goddamn magical pony. Side note, if your data center isn't safe go get a new one. Seriously. Most DCs have tons of security to make them safe . That's not an assumption. The goal was just to sniff the wifi APs MAC to pair it with a GPS location for wifi location lookups, not to store the entirety of the packet. Receiving a broadcast isn't illegal - you shove it out into the air, you lost all privacy rights on that broadcast legally speaking. You can debate the ethics of it, but it wasn't illegal. And Google did get penalized for it. Even a broken clock is right twice a day.