Shouldn't it be another type of combinator? Therefore the price is about $500 for the puppy depending on the dog. Then you have to factor in food costs and checkups to keep the dog looking cute. I read that WikiLeaks was on fire also. Some UPS caught fire. No. I doubt that this nutjob has made any contribution other than spreading hate. They really should use http://sisc-scheme.org/ . It is a much better interpreter than Kawa. I don't think kawa has tail call optimization. I think if it was the plans to make this it would be more Hacker. I use safari's built in RSS reader or Google Reader. I usually read the whole feed unless it is quite large and then I skim them or read the first 10. Well using reverse sort of misses the point. You are supposed to implement reverse. Knol doesn't distinctly look like a google page. It seems like they are trying a new layout and design. Some schemers on #scheme on irc.freenode.net are toying with it I believe. I really don't think that Riastradh would approve linking parts of his site to places like news.yc. He started removing the pages because of that. Using the splits that Yahoo has had and its current stock price 1,574,364 shares is worth $31 723 434.6 You know this could also be used for censorship. If someone wanted someone to disappear from a photo this would be more convincing than airbrushing them out. This is a really neat program though. Seconded. They say that they are working on a mac version. It seems like the cappuccino version is slower to load compared to the jQuery version I wonder how the OLPC will do given there are a great deal of competing netbooks already on the market. I would recommend SICP http://mitpress.mit.edu/sicp/ Very messy. I really should clean it up. Because its Dilbert. Not ycombinator. Sounds like stuff from the minority report. For some reason the site is saying that its blocking me due to a "hacking attempt". I don't understand why it is doing this to me I wasn't trying to hack it or anything. Using lisp if you have a network based REPL you can modify the running code live without taking the site down. Create a new space station and possibly try to go to mars. Maybe you should also invest in a spell checker... It looks like so far the GNU project has been a huge success. Actually the prime was found through GIMPS and that is a vast distributed computing project. See http://www.mersenne.org/ Those goggles almost look like they are from splinter cell. More like the former than the latter. Maybe it would be better if we try a more top down approach generating data semantically? Maybe a browser that has a zoom in function like the iPhone could be devised for these netbooks? Looks like an Ignoble prize in the making. $0 Great, more crap in the blogosphere. What's next amoeba writing blogs? Yea like arc . Oh wait. I would host in sealand by havenco see http://www.havenco.com/ Your interface seems a bit cluttered. I would try to clean up the frontpage a bit. I can get a free cup of coffee from starbucks and extra credit in my classes if I vote so that justifies why I am voting. The opportunity cost for me not voting is too high for me. I smell an ignoble prize winner. There doesn't seem to be any xml / html generation libraries and they call it weblisp? Thanks for being a ruthlessly honest dick. See http://code.activestate.com/recipes/343386/ First rule of hn. Don't tell others about hn. I use darcs for personal use and it is very easy to use. #scheme on freenode. Performance hasn't though. I think I will finish this com What is supposed to replace newspapers? Traffic is probably better. Traffic that actually makes you money is even better than that. Is open source hardware that much harder to do thats why there aren't a lot of projects out there? Someone should make simplysadnews. You would think that they maybe should have held off releasing chrome until extensions were put into chrome possibly? Thought that can be changed due to experiment (bayesian thought). Deconstructuralism applied to society and preconceived notions of truth (or even if truth exists). Nondeterminism and how that applies to free will. Thats what makes me get up in the morning. So PG's conjecture is there is a equilibrium point of appeal for people part of this site? I found about this a week ago and it kicks ass. It really helps when you are working with scientific information which is all in PDF's. Myself what do you guys think? http://aconsapart.com/ Oops sorry I was moving to a new server. No it hasn't. I have been printing since grade school because my handwriting sucked to begin with. I have been typing since then also. How about creating an experiment and designing it right on turk? You create a rough sketch and then you auto-correct it using people? http://community.schemewiki.org/?90min-scheme2c In 90 minutes you can write a scheme to c compiler. Couldn't the abstract dumbed down a little serve as the stub for wikipedia? Sounds like a good idea. But it doesn't work if they have css turned off. Yes. TAOCP ,SICP, Lisp in small pieces, Probably the upcoming clojure book comes to stuff that should be consed on the list. That and MMIX. I used to have panic attacks but they stopped after taking zoloft and eventually I grew out of them. I have cyclothymia and I deal with that pretty easily. When I get manic I obsess over thinking of new ideas and new approaches to problems that I have. I use all of my will to stay logical during this time. When I start getting off of that mania I start actually implementing the solution. Also, I think that taking martial arts and my logic class have helped me weed out the idiotic thoughts to and to get more structured thoughts. What about the festival of lights?? Yea its legit. I know from experience. It allows them to leverage your contacts for marketing purposes? yea they are going to take the guts of the iphone and make it into a sublaptop. Considering the low end of the EEE pc's are the same clock speed no one would notice the difference. When in hacker news do as hackers do I guess. Yea thats what I do but I have an efficiency function which judges my iterations so I know if an iteration is actually good or not. I don't know why but as soon as I looked at that page I wanted to search for 1984 the movie. This sounds like a daily wtf posting in the making. Except we have taken apart md5, sha1 and working on AES... cryptosystems are made to be broken. We haven't proven if a one way function exists. When we can do that then we can move forward in encryption. I have watched it on google video up to the sex scene. it was pretty faithful to the book. I did read the whole book online . Now that I have revisited it is pretty faithful. The Cell is based upon a PPC G5 core with 7-8 SPU's or in other words cores which are specially designed vector processors. All of the cores run at the same clock speed (3.2 ghz) I am more interested in not dating one but more interested how to get dates if you are entrepreneur. Wouldn't it be a better idea to court european VC's than american because they might pay you in euros? Lots of mathematics, abstract algebra, computability, topology, linear algebra. Also, I want to understand more about theoretical computer science. Hopefully this will be the KO hit to IE6 cruft. No offense but I think a great deal of hacker news fans have seen this one way or the other. I remember there was response to this called lisp is an acceptable lisp. If you want lisp and are using ruby why not just use lisp? If you want ruby but use lisp just use ruby. It doesn't matter which programming language you express your ideas in. It only matters if you actually get cracking and implement your ideas. Pointless saber rattling about programming languages is quaint and dandy if you aren't actually programming. To quote feynmann "If I were forced to sum up in one sentence what the Copenhagen interpretation says to me, it would be 'Shut up and calculate!" Yea I agree with yegge. I think that lisp is what you make of it. Language doesn't matter. I misread yegge. lisp isn't a popular language its more of a language where you either use for industry or you use for experimentation or both. I personally think it doesn't matter what you code in blub or not blub it just doesn't matter. What matters is if you ship or not. Is it madness? No, prices for everything are down because of the recession. Now might be a good time to do a startup. The other side is that it will be difficult getting VC funding. I had a news.yc that covered a similar topic. If the company actually knows what it's doing they should allow for about 6 months where people can get their social graph / other data from the website. Why does a language make such an dichotomy. Why not instead learn tools and apply it in the languages that you know. Use what you know not the dogma of the other languages. I use time machine to back up data on my mac os x box. I haven't launched yet but if I did I would create a mirror on S3 since I am going to use EC2. No offense but hypothetically if we had private ownership they would agree with a standard marking. Its naive to assume otherwise. I don't agree with ayn rand on all things but corporations have standards.... I am thinking about doing this with an emacs mode [spartan emacs] and darcs. Good response to roger ebert and his ranting about the topic. I really don't give a shit about alienation. I try to talk about anything and analyze the person I talk to using philosophical techniques. (philosophy is good for good conversation). University of Illinois at Chicago I am studying computer science as an engineer. There should be a vendor / company neutral symbol. Might as well just advertise for github. I don't need a badge to tell me I can hack. Use the glider symbol from the game of life. Octocat is stupid its cute but stupid it is meaningless. No matter what experience you have you probably will learn something from SICP. Dude, with a name like sleep and a thing called hoes how can you go wrong? It doesn't look that bad as a scripting language actually, I applaud you that you actually created the thing. :-) I would like to see myself solve P ? NP. Not a competitor until they actually release it... but, it probably would make a big dent in dropboxe's sales. Either that or it would make cloud storage more popular and it would make dropbox more popular as a result.