Is it people? Abaco (the web browser shipped with Plan 9) already does what you're suggesting, using webfs and an HTML parsing library. It might be possible to replace that parsing library with a version of Webkit or Gecko ported to Plan 9 in order to achieve "modern" web standards support while sticking to 9P and such for the actual network portion of web browsing. Abaco (the browser shipped with Plan 9) has support form most of the HTML4 spec, but lacks support for things like CSS and Javascript (see: http://plan9.bell-labs.com/sources/contrib/fgb/abaco.pdf ). It might be feasible to swap out Abaco's HTML parsers and such with a "modern" rendering engine like Gecko or Webkit while retaining its webfs-based approach to navigating the world wide web. I've always figured the latter explanation - that the picture from our eyes is distorted like that, but the brain corrects the image (it also doesn't hurt that we have two eyes, where as cameras typically don't; I wonder if multi-lens cameras are also subject to that fisheye effect?). > (even if it lacked the self awareness to feel the pain of running on a 386) Now we know the real motivation behind pretty much every sci-fi storyline involving AI revolts. I saw that; it looks incredibly excessive. If the emulator runs as a Java app, is it really not enough to just download a .jar and run it on whatever OS I happen to be running on my workstation? Or are there so many custom dependencies and configuration requirements that such an approach is infeasible? They could probably shave that footprint down considerably if they didn't bloat it with an Ubuntu VM. > You almost make it sound like proprietary per default is or can be broken while open source is not, that's a bridge too far Personally, I figure it might as well be; no way to fix it. I'd rather drive a beater that I know I can fix myself (or take to a local auto shop if I can't) if it breaks down than a high-end sports car that has to be taken to the dealer for something as trivial as an oil change. No software is perfect (beyond a trivial "Hello, world!" exercise); that's why being able to look for and potentially fix flaws is important :) > The disadvantage is that it's not a nix and you loose the whole ecosystem (no Posix). In my opinion, that's probably a good thing; less baggage that has to be maintained for POSIX compatibility. Remember that Unix was originally designed for large, centralized timesharing systems. It has been adapted to the embedded realm throughout the last couple of decades, but starting from scratch to create an OS specifically for the embedded realm is ideal. > may be probably cheeper to use something like a full-blown small computer (like the rasperry-pi) with Linux on it. In some cases. In the case mentioned by the article, however, a Raspberry Pi (for example) would make for a rather large badger collar. IoT is indeed a pretty broad and vague concept right now, but it already does demand very tiny hardware with size constraints dictating available computational capacity. That's where Contiki comes in. > If you used your preferred mail client, it wouldn't be encrypted end to end. Unless you and your recipient use something like GnuPG. I find that surprising; of all the systems we're maintaining (hospital), our AS/400 is the one system that's been pretty much rock solid. I've generally been a fan of IBM's hardware. I switched from Sprint to T-Mobile a week ago. Oh well. He looks much younger - and less bearded - than I'd imagined when reading The Story of Mel countless times. This changes my whole perspective on the story; the character of Mel transitions from a scruffy and disillusioned veteran to something of a youthful and rebellious hotshot. Thanks for the Librazette link and photo; that's awesome. > Requiere truly talent to do a hard-to-understand mess in python, and in that case, is very likely the code was made by a good developer ;) Last I checked, the whole "if it was hard for me to write, it should be hard for others to understand" was still a mockery, not a seriously-interpreted excuse. It ignores the fact that the programmer's future self will eventually need to maintain that code. The developer might have skill, but one who writes unmaintainable messes as anything other than a Perl-golf-style mental exercise probably lacks wisdom. :) And when it comes to a "book for that language", Programming Perl really does take the cake. If you don't enjoy Perl code that looks like a cartoonish string of censored profanities, you could always try including 'use English' in your program, which aliases more descriptive names to all those punctuation-mark special variables. See here: http://perldoc.perl.org/English.html The idea behind Perl being designed akin to a natural language isn't for its ease of learning, per se, but for its ease of expressiveness. English is probably significantly harder to learn than Python, for example, yet it's likely much easier to write a novel in the former than it is to write one in the latter. I hope so, too. Whatever the case, I've noticed far better reception with T-Mobile than I've ever had with Sprint (and this is way up in the Sierras, up near Tahoe; good cell reception is pretty much unheard of up here), plus I'm paying $20 less than what I was for Sprint even with the phone payments factored in, so I'm pretty happy with the switch, too. Haven't tried international roaming (I've never left the continental U.S.), but having that available makes me less nervous about being able to get in touch with someone if I'm abroad. I'll take this to mean that we should just fire our CEO and not have to worry about problems ever again. ;) rimshot It's like a doctor saying that he can't stop my kidneys from spontaneously dissolving within my body because human anatomy is "too complex". I wouldn't be nearly as averse to mass surveillance if the folks conducting it and holding my personal data didn't have the mental capacity of a goddamn pineapple. Depends on the jurisdiction. The site is based in Canada (at least according to the TLD), which doesn't classify it as a controlled substance. The U.S., however, does classify it as such and therefore disallows importation unless you have a prescription. Interestingly, adrafinil is completely unregulated in the U.S. (IIRC), and is sufficiently-closely related to modafinil that it basically has the same effects. By that same logic, though, teachers are then protected from being fired for reading from the Bible, or teaching creationism, or teaching abstinence-only birth control, or covering a topic like vaccination or astrophysics in any way other than demonization. Tenure isn't the appropriate approach here. Enforcing Constitutional law - like separation of church and state - is far more useful to actually achieve the desired results. If teachers are being fired for teaching actual fact, then they need to be bringing that to the legal system and turn it into a Supreme Court case. This whole "it protects secular teachers" argument is a silly justification for the negative impact California's tenure-fetish has had on students and younger teachers. That's true; he's probably a proto-scruffy-bearded hacker in that photo. I'd be interested to see him 10 years later; he'd probably put Thompson and Ritchie to shame in terms of beard mass. ;) I think you're mixing up my points. The Constitutional concern doesn't lie with tenure itself; enforcement of the Constitution would replace this rather far-fetched excuse for maintaining tenure as some holy trait. The legal system already exists to help teachers in cases where they're punished for teaching science instead of religion in government-funded institutions, since doing so already runs afoul of the establishment clause; a tenure system doesn't really add much, and (in my own observations at least) only seems to benefit veteran teachers at the expense of students and newer teachers. If it's unofficial, then there's not much to be worried about. Do your job and you'll be fine. I honestly don't think tenure is more effective than actual legal enforcement, namely because tenure isn't really effective for that purpose at all , especially when we're considering that the older teachers - the ones who benefit from tenure - are the ones who are probably in support of such pressure, which is more likely directed at the younger teachers, relatively fresh from college, who want their students to learn about the proper science they learned about in school but are afraid to do so when their paychecks are on the line. Since when was Belmont (in the Bay Area) part of the "valley"? Unless you're talking about something other than the Central Valley, that is... I grew up in NorCal, too; that was the opposite impression I got. Most of the teachers I had were relatively young, and hadn't been teaching for a very long time; my conversations with them - especially in high school - frequently included mentions of how often they'd be pink-slipped because the teachers' union - dominated by veteran, tenured teachers - would elect for pay raises instead of hiring more teachers. This meant growing class sizes, and the veteran teachers knew it . We were certainly taught about the environment, how biodiversity is a good thing, etc., but I was hard-pressed to find a teacher that actually agreed with the teachers' union, and unions in general were typically portrayed in a neutral light at best. Indeed; modafinil has quite a few side effects, at least according to a quick Wikipedia check ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Modafinil#Adverse_effects ) (and while Wikipedia isn't the most reliable source, at least they bothered to cite their claims, so I'm more likely to trust that then some unfinished marketing site). I hate stacked charts, period. I would much prefer a line graph - and with absolute values rather than percentages. > And Windows? http://code.google.com/p/zfs-win/ Beggars can't be choosers ;) Windows is notorious for supporting fewer filesystems than its Unix-like peers; I'm not sure why you seem surprised that ZFS would be an exception. It's the best that's available for it right now; if that's not helpful, I'm not really sure what is. That is, unless you were expecting me to write a Windows ZFS driver with read/write capabilities myself and provide a link to that ;) Huh; that's actually a better deal in many cases than my existing virtual servers. Thanks for that recommendation; I'll keep my eye on that. That's pretty awesome. Memristors are very promising for creating fast, high-density, non-volatile storage, and it's good to see that HP's seeing that in the midst of the solid-state flash memory craze and working on commercial applications for them. What's also awesome is that - according to the article - HP plans on open-sourcing its custom "Machine OS"; rather refreshing coming from a company that's traditionally released its own operating systems under non-free licenses. I'm not normally a fan of HP (aside from their printers), but seeing them go after this kind of stuff is certainly exciting. And this is all especially true if we start seeing memristor arrays replacing flash chips in mobile devices; at that point, the few GB it would take to store a worldwide transportation map would be pocket change. Hell, in most of my documents I'm hard-pressed to find a use for more than 5 packages, let alone 50. My résumé isn't using any packages at all right now; it's just using vanilla LaTeX, since I think that looks nice enough and it's easy enough to manage. Never heard about Deezer before. Sounds like a good deal, but apparently it's not available in the United States, and I really don't feel like fiddling with proxies in order to bypass that. Interesting. While I'm finding albums and artists to be a bit scarce, the ones I've been testing (so far Barenaked Ladies and the Crash Test Dummies) haven't had that issue of only some songs being free. I like the idea, but it seems to be poorly executed with the absolutely-dismal selection of Prime-eligible music. Good albums missing, good songs missing, even entire artists missing (even ones that were at one point pretty mainstream; Sublime, for example). Amusingly, when searching for "Let It Go", I ended up with virtually every song titled "Let It Go" that's not sung by Idina Menzel (speaking of which, the only Idina Menzel songs available are from Glee, and there are a whole two of them that are actually sung by Idina Menzel). Disney's probably to blame for that one, but still. I'm sure this is would be pretty cool, but I can't help but instinctively close it because the layout, colors, etc. look so much like that of a turn-of-the-millennium site to buy fake "male enhancement" pills from some guy's basement in Kazakhstan. Is it ever a good time to buy a house in San Francisco? It's cheaper to buy a house in Sacramento instead and pay for the gas and/or transit fares required to commute. Well considering that's around $16.7 million, I'm not surprised. What's more amusing is that the auction is "cash only". Are there non-plastic alternatives on the books? I'm all for protecting nature, but these microbeads are useful as an abrasive element (meaning more thorough cleaning). Maybe sterilized sand? *person Nah, I'd rather he not be hanging out on my eventual lunar real estate ;) And they say CPU mining isn't profitable. :) I can't wait until someone builds a working ManHack. Only a matter of time at this rate. Ah, missed that. Pretty cool. It was a serious question, and it received many excellent answers. Yours was not among them. Abrasive elements are commonplace in soaps for auto shops and other places where most conventional soaps have a hard time with the gunk accumulated from automotive grease and such. The particulates help to actually scrape off that gunk (in a manner that doesn't cause skin injuries), rather than rely on the hope that soap's chemical properties alone will suffice. > most proponents of reclassification haven't thought through all the implications of that proposal Sure, but that assumes that all those implications are actually relevant. > but how does he explain the fact that VOIP services are required to contribute to USF? Isn't VOIP just content too? Not quite. If that VoIP service an actual phone number (i.e. one that could be called from within a traditional "copper" phone network), then (from what I understand) it acts as a provider of a phone network. Both Skype and Google Voice offer that functionality, so they're subject to USF fees. IANAL, so that should be taken with a grain of salt; that's just my understanding of that particular corner case. Huge plus for me :) I already live in a place with sub-freezing temperatures half the year or more. Absolutely love it. Speak for yourself; that sounds quite lovely. What's the definition of "ordinary PC" being used? Not finding an answer to that in the article, which makes it difficult to get an idea of what the researchers are comparing this thing to. So is that a brand-new Dell XPS machine? Is that my aging-not-too-well Compaq Presario 1210 with a Pentium? Is that a Macbook Air? Is that one of Oracle's $200,000 M-series servers? Is that some beige-box piece of junk that the researchers found in their neighbor's backyard? The category "personal computers which do not exploit quantum-mechanical principles of computation" is so mind-bogglingly vast that such a description alone is hardly useful. If your goal is to use Linux for audio production (or some other use case where JACK would be necessary), it helps to use a distro like Musix or Ubuntu Studio that already takes care of that "get running" part for you. JACK is pretty complex, but infinitely useful; one of those things I end up installing long before I decide I actually need it. Plus there's that NeverWet stuff Rustoleum sells now; according to their marketing materials, it actually qualifies as superhydrophobic (i.e. in the same ballpark as the article's leaf): http://www.neverwet.com/product-characteristics.php > Or that operating systems should be built specifically to suppport java installation? Not even "specifically"; these updating woes rarely exist on platforms where you have a proper package manager (be it APT or YUM or Zypper or Pacman or Homebrew or whatever). Software devs shouldn't have to worry about writing updaters, since updating should be handled by the OS. > I'm not sure why every language needs to be useful as a scripting tool. "Easy things should be easy, and hard things should be possible." -- Larry Wall One of the reasons why I switched from Java to Perl. I didn't feel that easy things were easy in Java, and I don't run into enough hard problems on a daily basis to justify the verbosity and masochism involved. Yep; I'd rather just have Perl5 on Parrot than have to relearn Perl. Not to mention that the O'Reilly book for Perl6+Parrot doesn't have a parrot, or even a camel. Deal-breaker right there ;) I'm not tired of it at all. Programming ain't free, and if anyone could use some funding, it's them. I mean, it's not like Apple's going out of their way to make Aqua work on non-OSX unixen, or systemd's going out of its way to work on non-Linux unixen. Just like how those rely on features of their host platforms, LibreSSL currently relies heavily on OpenBSD-specific security features in the kernel and userland, and it'll take quite a bit more effort to port that to other platforms in a secure and correct way. Now granted, I'm an OpenBSD user, so my opinion on this is biased. However, it's the same opinion that many Linux-specific or BSD-specific or OSX-specific or Solaris-specific or Windows-specific or VMS-specific or MULTICS-specific or what-have-you-specific projects seem to already have: focus on your primary target(s), then help with porting efforts to secondary targets when it works well on the primaries. Android already uses the OpenBSD libc (IIRC), so it's not inconceivable that they'll eventually do the same thing with libssl and switch to the OpenBSD implementation. What's great about this, though, is that Google's contributions are potentially helpful in LibreSSL's eventual cross-platform porting efforts; their willingness to adopt the ISC license for their contributions is already a promising sign of that collaborative potential. At least it's not Comic Sans as the OpenBSD/LibreSSL folks opted for ;) Amen. IDEs tend to be far too heavy for me, and simple text editors are my preference because of that. That said, Geany is worth mentioning. Not very fancy or feature-rich, but it gets the job done without feeling like I'm teaching a sumo wrestler to ride a skateboard. "It's like WINE, but it runs in your browser and at a whole 1/10 native speed!" The site mentioned in the article (alyxandria.org) is flagged by my company's filter/proxy (IronPort) as being a potential malware site because "IP address is either verified as a bot or has misconfigured DNS." Perhaps this accreditation organization should check its DNS records? It says in the second sentence of the announcement that it was a "20 percent project" - basically, it was started by one or more Google engineers as a side project and developed into a full-fledged attempt to create a Google-based social networking site. I'm hopeful for that, too. Many of the qualms with the preliminary libressl ports revolve around (IIRC) the lack of exploit mitigation features in the operating systems being ported to; perhaps a proper port would be yet another encouragement for those features to be implemented in non-OpenBSD unixen (given that - from what I understand - both FreeBSD and Linux already have the code to support those features, and just need them to be enabled)? That's unfortunate. I try to keep my code (no matter what language, Perl included) as readable and tidy as possible for the sake of those reading the code in the future (myself included). While creatively stringing an incomprehensible stream of punctuation marks into a usable program is fun, I'm with you in agreeing that such coding styles should be avoided in anything that's not a one-off mental exercise. That said, too much verbosity can introduce the same problem of unreadability by making important things harder to identify. There's an important balance between verbosity and terseness that should always be considered. It's also a couple of months old. Give it a year's time (or half that, even) and that possibility of a proper non-OpenBSD *nix port will be that much more likely. They tend to go hand-in-hand, though. We need to start working toward a generic plugin for word replacement so that I can merge this with my existing s/cloud/butt and s/keyboard/leopard substitutions. It's still pretty tied to Google; the routine reminders to "sign in with your Google account!" are one aspect of that. That said, it's still pretty open as well, and being FOSS, it's certainly doable for there to be a fork (if there isn't one already) that strips out everything Google-related. But I already have "cloud" mapped to "butt". I'm conflicted now. > Not sure what I would do with such a typeface! WHAT DO YOU MEAN? WHO DOESN'T LOVE ALLCAPS? I DON'T NEED NUMBERS, EITHER. X EQUALS FIVE MILLION ONE HUNDRED EIGHTY SEVEN THOUSAND TWO HUNDRED NINETY NINE POINT ONE FIVE FIVE SIX THREE. SEE? IT'S LIKE I'M WRITING IN COBOL. THIS IS FUN. That's actually a surprisingly-good-looking font. > And partway through the meeting, a shareholder puts simply: "I do not understand video games and I even feel angry because, at Nintendo’s shareholders’ meetings, the shareholders always discuss things relating to video games or such childish topics as 'what the future of video games should be,'..." You're a shareholder of a video game company, and you're wondering why they're talking about video games? Seriously ? It's the least they can do after that show was so rudely cancelled. Looks nice (and this is coming from someone who's pretty weary of the "hey let's put the whole world on npm" attitude). Seems to be a pretty decently-thought-out structure; after converting to YAML (my preference), it's pretty straightforward to work with. Some comments: - I found it a bit odd that 'resume init' only prompted for firstName and personal email; a more complete wizard would be useful. I suppose it wouldn't be hard to create a third-party "JSON resume generator" app with a nice friendly pretty interface for this (it is just JSON, after all). - As mentioned in other comments, the "firstName" and "lastName" fields make excessive assumptions about the user's native/preferred naming convention. - The schema only provides for a "blog" element in the "websites" array. More options would be appreciated, since not every personal website is a blog. Alternately (if the intent is really for only one website entry), providing a scalar/string "website" element would be more to-the-point. - As someone who prefers YAML (it looks so much nicer), built-in support for YAML JSON conversion would be awesome for me (i.e. be able to export to / import from YAML). For now I'm fine with using yaml2json/json2yaml, but such import/export functionality would be awesome. Perhaps a command-line switch for exporting (i.e. "resume init --yaml")? Alternately... - On the above note, would it be possible to make "resume init" output to STDOUT instead of directly to a file? That way, it would be simple to run "resume init | json2yaml > resume.yaml" (for example). Same here. And even if that amount of commenting isn't necessary, I'll take excessive commenting over insufficient commenting any day. badum TSSH No, I'm thinking of Chromium. I use Chromium rather regularly. Last I checked, the various prompts for me to log in with my Google account when starting up a fresh install of Chromium aren't my hallucinations. In those cases, the elements of the full name of the country in question are each common nouns rather than proper nouns. Thus, " The Union of Soviet Socialist Republics" is more useful/appropriate than "Union of Soviet Socialist Republics" because without the "The", it's not clear that the name describes a unique entity rather than a generic union of soviets. The issue, though, is when restaurants, grocers, etc. mistake a legitimate medical condition with a trendy fad diet and not take one's gluten-free requirements seriously (e.g. not paying attention to sources of gluten cross-contamination, or not paying attention to which ingredients actually have gluten). They should be erring on the safe side and assuming that all requests for gluten-free are due to a medical condition requiring it, but when the number of gluten-free fad dieters vastly exceeds the number of people who actually need a gluten-free diet, the likelihood of safe-side erring decreases without some other reason (like stronger requirements for "gluten-free" foods, including both ingredient and preparation standards). That's because "the food industry" is a ridiculously-nebulous term, kind of like "terrorism". It's vague to the point of being misleading, since it ends up including big and small players alike without further qualification (and at that point, you might as well be picking a more descriptive term). It is a true statement, though. Water does have chemicals in it. So does your totally-organic no-sugar-added Chia Cherry Lime Naked smoothie (one of which I just drank, actually; they're quite yummy, albeit a bit overpriced). So does literally everything anyone has ever come in contact with. The whole world is chemicals. This whole "chemical free" mantra should be nonsensical to anyone who has even cursory understanding of chemistry. What's even more amusing about that remark is that - as of MINIX3, at least - MINIX has in fact adopted the NetBSD userland. I was agreeing with - and expanding upon - your comment. :) It's incredibly satisfying to do that repeatedly, nesting Firefox inside Firefox inside Firefox and so on until you can't paste a URL in anymore. Interestingly, though, the new menu introduced with Australis doesn't appear to be functional unless it's in the top-level window; the menu buttons in nested windows don't seem to do anything. Next step: kernel programming in Javascript. I've generally found the opposite to be true; Chrome/Chromium have lately been slow as heck and buggy for me on the majority of the computers I've used, whereas Firefox has been less so (but still slow as heck and buggy). Really, every browser is slow as heck and buggy, so to each his own ;) Transparency is a dependency of trust. The "well-funded proprietary counterparts" are non-transparent (per the definition of "proprietary software"), and therefore are untrustworthy. > First of all, what is that shiny gold motherboard [0] on the front page? It's the ASUS Z87 Deluxe ( http://www.asus.com/Motherboards/Z87DELUXE/ ) Quick nitpick: all the links on the bottom (with the exception of the "Code by Shawn" link) appear to be non-operational. A rather dark one if "PINBALL GAME" could be interpreted as describing the expected outcome of a lunar landing ;) I've seen a couple lists that include argument from fallacy [0] or some derivative thereof, which I love to refer to when folks try and use the presence of logical fallacies alone to discredit or otherwise reject a conclusion that might be otherwise valid (often in ignorance of other, non-fallacious arguments). I remember in high school when we were learning about logical fallacies in an English course and subsequently had a class debate about some subject (don't remember what it was). I was one of the two judges, and the teacher assigned two more students to "watch out for logical fallacies". The entire debate devolved into half-baked accusations of logical fallacy ( especially accusations of false analogies for literally every analogy presented, regardless of whether or not the analogy was actually valid). It was at that point I figured out that sitting on one's haunches and whining that every argument is a logical fallacy does not an argument make. [0]: https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Argument_from_fallacy COBOLScript. What could go wrong? > It's not the first MSFT source base hosted on GitHub It is , however, the only repo under the "Microsoft" GitHub user AFAICT ( https://github.com/Microsoft ). > and the only two ways to turn it off involve going into about:config, which most people don't even know exists. There's a third way according to the feature's development documentation [0]: uncheck "Options"/"Preferences" -> "Security" -> "Block reported attack sites". [0]: https://wiki.mozilla.org/Security/Features/Application_Reput... It's also checked against a remote one unless you either disable the feature entirely or set "browser.safebrowsing.appRepURL" in about:config to an empty string. I love how the article's closing remark is about releasing source-code, yet the entire rest of the article talks about a closed-source and proprietary program. ;) Pretty cool idea, though. I reckon this is doable with something like mitmproxy[0], which is open-source, and it would certainly be interesting to poke around in some of these hidden APIs.