How so? the inspector in the nightlies is vastly improved over the dev preview, but if there's anything missing you should file a feature request at http://bugs.webkit.org It's improved, the entire look has not been redone -- obviously there's no point in throwing out the good bits :D The actual issue is parallelising it appropriately -- realistically the best you can do (with this approach) is hoist computation into a worker (which i'm working on) and you get hit by data transfer costs at that point as workers do not allow any form of data sharing between threads. I'm not sure if there is any way to feasibly improve threading of computation in a non-shared-state threading model. this sounds just like weak references to me CSS and html both support rgb(), rgba(), hsl(), and hsla() colors in addition to hex... This seems to basically be bitching about 'finally' (which is a perfectly legitimate thing to bitch about) -- but finally isn't java specific it also exists in JavaScript, C#, Delphi, and quite a few others (strangely however not C++, who'd have thunk it :D ) Yeah, I was somewhat puzzled about that title as it's clearly wrong. A reasonable number of these "wtf"s are just more examples of people failing to understand floating point. sigh One question i have regarding these is how fair are the tests, a very quick look at the tests shows for "pidigits" the lua code has the line: require"c-gmp"(g, aux) Implying that it is using the GNU Multiprecision Library for it's big integer support, whereas the JS code has: load('/home/dunham/shootout/bench/Include/javascript/biginteger.js'); Which is apparently a big integer library implemented in javascript http://www-cs-students.stanford.edu/~tjw/jsbn/ In other words, in at least one of the tests a comparison is being made between javascript and C/C++, not javascript and Lua. One of the big issues is that any JS function can technically walks its own call stack, which makes inlining very difficult, and for many of these tests the ability to inline is actually a fairly substantial advantage. The basic problem faced by a JS engine is that if it wants to be able to inline a function it has to be able to either: * Prove that it knows everything that the function may do -- in effect this means you can't inline any functions that themselves call functions, or any functions that interact with any values you can't consider constant, or identify before you enter the inlined code; or * Have the ability to at any point in time reconstruct the call stack, and all arguments correctly. One of these choices is exceedingly limiting in what you can do, and the other is vastly complex. I have looked at a few of the other tests and nothing obviously pops out as being bogus, so it's likely just this pidigits test which has an unfair advantage If you're claiming that your interpreter is faster than someone elses you can't make your test depend on a native library for the bulk of the work. That may be a valid argument for "my language is better" but it isn't an argument for my interpreter is faster than yours. The numbers you point to make use of http://shootout.alioth.debian.org/u32/program.php?test=pidig... Which is using GMP, so maybe that particular link needs to be updated? WebKit is used by many different applications and browsers (eg. Epiphany, Arora, Omniweb, Shiira, etc) -- by incorporating multiprocess support directly in webkit all of those applications can make use of it. WebKit isn't an end user product -- it's a library, ports are maintained by the people who want the port, there are active gtk, qt, wx, and efl ports. WebKit doesn't have a set of "supported" platforms, each port is responsible for maintaining their own backend support, and their front facing API. There's also the element of "linux" not meaning much in this context -- as I said above there are multiple port, eg. webkit/gtk, qtwebkit, webkit/wx, etc All 747s (and i presume most other commercial aircraft these days) are designed to be able to carry extra engines, as you'd otherwise need to have stockpiles of engines at all airports that your planes may land, or special aircraft used solely for transporting engines. My understanding (though this is second hand so it may be entirely wrong/misunderstood) is that switching out an engine is a relatively simple task. The articles information is very out of date, and relies on multiple issues to successfully work: * It needs an array literal (eg. []) to be constructed using the function referenced by the Array property on the global object. (This was spec ambiguity and only effects older IE and Firefox -- very old firefox, maybe only up to netscape or phoenix?) * It needs assignments in object and array literals to call setters on the prototype chain. Both of these issues were fixed by ES5 (the first may have been fixed in ES3.1) by saying that Array and Object literal notation both use the initial values of Array and Object (so you can't change the constructor used), and by saying that all assignments are "direct" so won't call setters on the prototype chain. This effectively makes JSON hijacking impossible, except of course for the large numbers of old browsers that are out there. This is also a distinct issue from JSONP hijacking, for which there isn't a solution other than to not use JSONP. The post actually appears to endorse using eval to parse JSON. Not only does that allow invalid JSON through, it disallows some valid JSON, and of course is a huge security hole. If you want to handle JSON data in JavaScript use JSON.parse -- it's the safest, fastest, and most correct path to having your data available to you. [update: edited to remove bizarre use of whole vs hole... boggles ] Too my knowledge all browsers now ship with json built in -- if you must work with older browsers (not an entirely unreasonable requirement) you should check for the JSON object first, and if it isn't present load json2.js. Otherwise you're just adding an additional load penalty to your site (and on mobile browsers that can be 100s of milliseconds) The moment you use eval to parse "JSON" data you _are_ trusting content from the client. eval _executes_ javascript, JSON just happens to be mostly compatible with JS object and array literal syntax so it "Just Works". Because eval is executing the data it is using the full JS parser. That means that while '{"name":"bill"}' works as expected '{"name": window.location = "myevildownload.com"}' does too. JSON.parse is built into the language. It enforces strict JSON conformance so you can't end up accidentally having invalid content that won't be parsed by other JSON libraries, and it does not execute data -- it creates the object graph and nothing else. If there's anything that is not valid JSON it fails and has no side effects. When constructing the object graph it uses the real Object and Array constructors, so nothing can be injected that way. When setting properties on objects it sets them directly and does not call setters. If you use JSON.parse to parse your JSON data, it is not possible for an attacker to either run or inject code in your site. And it's faster than eval. Yes, because people don't want to be tracked. If you want to know approximately how many users you have you don't need cookies. Cookies are only useful if you want to track what the user does. Surprisingly users don't want you stalking them on the web anymore than they would want you stalking them in real life. This isn't surprising, people don't want to be stalked online anymore than they want to be stalked in the real world. If sites are worried about having to bring up a big dialog saying "please let us track you and everything that you do" hurting their site traffic perhaps they should just give up on tracking users. If 90% say no to a dialog there probably isn't much point in asking, and asking probably turns people away from your site. The only reason that this kind of stalking didn't turn people away in the past is because it was hidden from them. Your server side validation would have to be a full JSON parser. So in order to use eval, you're adding a full server side parse of the data on each request, increasing server load, and request latency (i've seen sites sending megs of json to the browser). All so that you can save 6 characters of typing to load the JSON less efficiently on the client side. Of course because people _do_ do this most engines these days preflight calls to eval to see if they can be parsed as a subset of pseude-JSON. Note: this doesn't make it safe, any inject xss is not valid json so will still be a hole, and these preparsers try to bail out quickly so treat only a minimal subset of JSON. In JavaScriptCore (so all webkit browsers other than chrome) you can't have escaped characters in string literals nor any non-ascii characters anywhere. JSONP has numerous problems, first it's not JSON -- the object literal is created by executing JS, so you're back to square one with validating your input, the second and more significant problem is that if you ever use JSONP to transmit private data then you've essentially lost the cross origin protection of data present in the browser. Now all an attacker needs to do is get one of your users with an active session to load a page that does and they can gather that data. Can anyone explain how this differs from the MIMO radios what have been around for years? I just set Siri to use australian english rather than US english and it had no difficulty understanding me. (I'm an NZer living stateside so I can't really comment on any other issues) Using tags in the high bits is exactly what caused all those problems for software written in the 80s and early 90s. The assumption that your software will have been updated before anyone has such "ludicrous" amounts of memory is not safe. Low bits seem to be generally safe as a) you can easily control pointer alignment in your own code, and b) most system's alignment requirements are increasing not decreasing. Some architectures can't even access unaligned pointers. Even excluding large ram increases, presumably the current (effective) 48bit address space limitation on x86_64 is likely to go away, and then ASLR is going to make it hard to guarantee that your high bits are clear. Hurrah! Good to see it being reused :D Do it!!! I've always intended to extend the simulator to support obstacles and directional inputs but never got round to it. We need more things like this in JS :D And then there's my actual simulator -- who needs comments? :D facepalm If you actually look at the commit logs for javascriptcore you see all development goes on in public, all patches follow the webkit review rules (you can't do an unreviewed code dump, and large code dumps aren't pleasant when you need reviews). JSC is developed in the open, everyone can see the work we're doing, and the progress we're making, as we're making it. If you had actually followed the link you would have seen a change log pointing to a bug on bugs.webkit.org that shows the huge amount of (public) work that preceded actually landing this https://bugs.webkit.org/show_bug.cgi?id=75812 . Additionally there was substantial refactoring in multiple commits leading up to the final landing of LLInt in order to reduce the patch size as much as possible. The reason the LLInt landed as a "code dump" is because that is the minimal size possible - you can't land part of an execution engine, as by definition part of an engine is not sufficient to pass tests. As it is, this is only 32 bit for the simple reason that 32-bit x86 is the easiest way to stress register allocation, our value encoding requires two 32bit registers per value and 32bit x86 has very few registers. TLDR; You can't really do massive codedumps in the webkit repository, the commit rules make it very hard. Alas some patches are intrinsically large though as a partial patch won't be sufficient to pass tests, but even then we don't like them. There are various tool scripts in WebKit written in a collection of basically every common script languages - perl, python, ruby, shell(!!!) are the ones i can think of off the top of my head. The "old" baseline jit (the middle tier) is a simple "method" hit in the same vein as V8, it executes directly and accumulates runtime type info -- the still takes longer to generate and uses more memory than the interpreter. A lot of short run programs take less time to run than to do codegen for (JSONP for instance can do really unpleasant things to codegen time) Tricky question: We try to keep all patches small, as the larger a patch is the longer it will take to get reviewed, and the longer the review takes, and the more update-review-update-review... cycles are required. There are some things (like this patch) where the core change (in this case a new execution engine) can't be landed in pieces (either you have a complete working execution engine that will pass all tests, and won't regress performance, or you don't). But even in these cases we try to reduce the size and complexity of the core patch. If you look at the recent commits to JSC you'll see a bunch of refactoring landing prior to LLInt that got the non-LLInt specific code into the tree in advance of LLInt itself. As it is the initial commit only has support for our 32bit encoding, and doesn't support all the backends that the JSC JIT supports. The basic reason for this is that the static assembler does need to do some register allocation and the easy way to ensure that it's correct is to through it at 32 bit x86. Our value representation requires 2 registers on 32 bit platforms, and x86-32 has very few GPRs we can use, so it acts as an excellent stress test vs. any other supported platform. um, read it more carefully. It's saying women are a perk, then clarifies by saying that the women in question will be the ones serving drinks. Paraphrased: Perks: * women: they're there to serve drinks. The problem is not the "(female)" bit, it was the fact that the existence of women is reported as a "perk". Because after all, women are just objects that exist to serve drinks to men. Yeah, my first reading was "we'll help you avoid the skeevy dudes who think you should sleep with them in exchange for beer" rather than "we're skeevy dudes who think you exist solely to get us beer" The problem with organ donation is that insurance companies consider missing organs to be a pre-existing condition, and will reject you because of it. Go private health care! I have a very good friend who has been unable to get insurance since donating one of their kidneys. I don't see why/where the code generator is involved here. The posted "exploit" doesn't appear to work at all, implying that either it's not complete (so discussing how it works is kind of pointless) or just bogus. There's nothing that I see that makes it obvious that it's attacking the JIT logic specifically. It's most reminiscent of the fairly old heap spray techniques which require an additional exploit anyway. For instance the function for testing existence of the bogus microcode is: function test(result) { // giant comment explaining the asm used to test for the vulnerability unescape('%u31C9%u5589%uE55D%u2EF8%uC390%u9090'); return 0; } Presumably the call to unescape is intended to convert the encoded shellcode into somthing useful. But there does not appear to be anything done to actually execute the shellcode. The historical way of doing this (blocked by DEP) is to fill the heap with copies of the string, and then use another exploit to jump into the heap at somewhere likely to contain your code. There are ways to bypass DEP, but this doesn't appear to try even that. Honestly it looks like someone has simply taken the assembly used to the exploit, put it in a string (using numeric character escapes), and then done nothing else. That it is referring to launching threads makes me wonder if this isn't just someone converting a pre-existing C program into something that at least parses as JS. No. The interpreter doesn't generate that. They have taken the assembly, placed it in a string, and then done nothing more. There is no obvious attempt to actually get the JS engine to do anything out of the ordinary. The string '%u31C9%u5589%uE55D%u2EF8%uC390%u9090' is simply the unicode escaped version of the assembly above. The goal of this exploit would be to get the interpreter to set PC to the address of that string. There is no obvious attempt to do that. Just compare the decoded opcodes in the DISASM comment to the contents of the string. PDF warning for everyone else as well. :D Assuming -dbg implies versions of the frameworks with at least symbols, if not full debug information (file, line, type info, etc). Even something trivial like #include int main(int argc, char argv) { printf("Hello world\n"); return 0; } Is around 4-5% larger with debug info, and that's a single trivial C program with a single call, and only build in types. WebKit is largely C++, so a fairly trivial C++ program (that has no function): template struct MyFoo { T m_field; template void add(MyFoo rhs) { m_field += rhs.m_field; } }; int main(int argc, char argv) { MyFoo f; f.m_field = 1.5; MyFoo i; i.m_field = 1; MyFoo d; d.m_field = 0; d.add(i); d.add(f); } Has a 10% size difference in size between deployment style builds and builds with debug info. As the code size increases that amount of information needed in debug builds starts getting very large, as the description of classes and functions starts getting even larger than pure C versions. The size of a debug build can vary quite a lot, as there are different forms of debug info, most commonly stabs or DWARF (and DWARF2). But even these are fairly bad in terms of space efficiency (stabs is evil), mostly as there isn't any real reason for focusing on that - fairly "trivial" space optimizations aren't implemented at all which means there are huge amounts of duplicated information, and the debug formats aren't really C++ aware, so each instantiation of a template results in a complete duplication of all the data describing it. It would be nice if these problems could be fixed (eg. debug info that's aware of templates is the biggest problem in webkit), but other places where information is duplicated needlessly is also fairly crappy. But there's stuff pushing back against such optimizations: Debug symbols are primarily used in _debug_ builds, while debugging. When you're debugging you want the build to be as fast as possible, and any work the compiler+linker do to reduce debug data size is going to add to compilation time, which everyone will then complain about. (Of course without SSDs we'd have probably reached the point we're writing such large amounts of data out would be taking longer than reducing the size and writing less data in the first place...) I'm not sure what this is saying. If it's talking about things the browser can be made to do my response is "so? that's intentional". If it's about things that can happen if you embed user (read: attacker) provided content in your page then you have already lost. There's never a time that you can safely embed content from an untrusted source in your page - no blacklist or whitelist based approach to content is going to be safe. The correct approach to user provided content is to parse the content, drop anything you don't understand or recognize exactly. Then escape all of the left over content, and reconstruct at the end. You could use markdown to do this for you, or you could do it manually if you want you own rules (and/or <>-like syntax). Filtering content is just not sound and every time I see something that seems to imply that it is, it makes me cry. (A example of this taken to its extreme is WebGL shader parsing. A correct + "safe" implementation of WebGL must at the very least: 1. parse the shader itself, dropping all comments, etc 2. perform strict semantic analysis on the result of (especially as many GL drivers don't) 3. take the result of and turn that back into text 4. throw the result of at the gl engine This is necessary to ensure that not only is the shader correct (in the terms of webgl), but also to ensure that no parsing oddities can get through (e.g. something seen as a comment terminator in the driver but not the validator - bugs like this have happened with multiple validators in multiple contexts over the last few decades) It's not really a fair comparison as the dart versions are more-or-less completely statically typed. If they wanted this to be fair they'd be using untyped (typing is "optional" in dart). If you're allowed to modify the code in substantial and performance altering ways for one language, you should be allowed to for the other as well (the JS versions of both those benchmarks have substantial perf problems). This is especially egregious given that the DeltaBlue tests is ported from untyped smalltalk, so the JS version is actually closer to the original. Anyone want to test a webkit nightly? I don't have a desktop machine handy tight now to test on :( Or even just a bug report at bugs.webkit.org Thanks :) That was my thought - i couldn't see why this would make things better (you don't remove trolls, but people who we don't want to consider trolls would now run the risk of simply being outspent and then bankrupted -> which could "hilariously" result in them selling the IP to an actual troll...). I think the fix would be to stop allowing overly broad patents (eg. actually say how what you're doing what you're claiming, instead of saying "i have an idea" and not saying how to do it) I suspect every non white male tech worker in the US has experienced this at some point Wow, that's both scary (more than _50%_ of guys reported that rape was okay in some cases), and depressing (double digit % of women have been conditioned into thinking it's acceptable). Seriously wtf is wrong with people :-/ The behavior of [] is from C -- it's not a bizarro C++ feature. The "redefining keywords" is the pre-processor. That's what it does. There isn't anything magic here. Strictly speaking it can be run entirely ahead of the C/C++ compiler, on any file you want. There's no requirement that it is C/C++ - you could use it on a python script (as long as you weren't using # comments anywhere :D ) The primary effect of the inline keyword is to tell the compiler that a function is not to be exported from the current object. e.g. foo.h: int bar(int i) { return i; /* awesome function! */ foo.cpp: #include "foo.h" … bar(5) … At this point everything is fine, but lets say there's also: wiffle.cpp: #include "foo.h" … bar(6) … now both foo.o and bar.o will contain a function named bar - because they picked up the definition in foo.h and c/c++ don't (technically) see any difference between a function that has been written inline, or a function that was included from a header. By slapping the inline keyword on the function bar, the link flags for the function change so that the bar won't be exported from any object file that includes it, and so the name collision will no longer occur at link time. There are a bunch of other benefits, mostly along the lines of "there function doesn't need to be exported therefore if it's not used i don't need to include it in the object" JSC should build cleanly on its own (e.g. no dependencies on anything on top of it.) It's possible some of the build scripts have developed a bizarro dependency on other portions of the repo, but we'd happily take patches to fix those issues. As far as APIs, JSC has provided a completely API and ABI stable C API for 7-ish years, and there's an ObjC API built on top of that now. Unfortunately the nature of C APIs for interacting with language runtimes makes it somewhat clunky and hard to use perfectly - C++ makes this easier as you can make types with constructors and destructors to make a lot of the otherwise manual work (ref()/deref(), etc) entirely automatic. Unfortunately C++ makes it easy to make an API that has a stable interface, but still isn't ABI stable. The typed arrays should be available in trunk, haves you checked recent trunk? I believe the "need all of webkit-gtk" was a pile of sadness in build-jsc + automake that may have been fixed recently. I'm sure Zan, Xan, or Michel would be happy to help if it's still borked. There are _some_ platform requirements that make a generic "linux" not work, as we build on the platform support libraries for threads, unicode, etc so JSC may have random looking dependencies on such Have you tried ToT trunk? We moved the entire TA impl into JSC itself last week and just accepted the semantic changes necessary for non-WebIDL types. Tools/Scripts/build-jsc _should_ build just jsc. In response to [1]: Men are victims of trolls, but there is huge difference in the volume and type of trolling that men vs. women experience. There is a gaping chasm between the bullying experienced by men vs. the rapid, ongoing rape and murder threats are the _normal_ "trolling" that women experience. We can't talk about the "plight" of men until we deal with the extremes - and that means as a community we have make people realised that threats of rape, violence and murder are never, ever acceptable. That being a creeper isn't funny, it's unhealthy and threatening. The guessing their social media passwords and defacing and defaming them is unacceptable. Until the current attitude of men on the net changes there is nothing facile about the argument made in this article. The shuttles had similar concepts - various flaps had multiple redundant hydraulic pumps to control them so that even if one went nuts and started going in reverse that other pumps would over power it, and the result would simply be slower response times. Ok so under the ACA she now pays less for her medications (Celebrex does not yet have a generic, i know because i'm on it as well). The headline is link bait: Before the ACA she was paying entirely out of pocket, and now she isn't but it's still expensive. I have very expensive insure and it only brings it down to $50/mo so $85/mo seems reasonable for a cheap plan. Anyway, to back up what i just said, here's the unabridged 2nd paragraph: "Under the plan, her Celebrex would have cost $648 a month until she met her $1,500 prescription deductible, followed by an $85 monthly co-pay." followed by the following in the 5th paragraph: "Before the federal health law took effect, Mason paid slightly more for her monthly premium on a plan that didn't cover her arthritis or pain medications and some routine doctor's visits." A lot of the other examples they have are "patient was trying to get name brand drug rather than the available generic". Now for some meds (birth control for example) the exact brand can be important, but for most it doesn't. IIRC my celebrex prescription (i don't have receipts on me) costs around $800/mo pre-insurance As a person who works on a JS engine I can say that a lot of the speed up in this library is the failure to handle holes correctly - it's surprisingly expensive to do a hole check, although there's still room in most engines to optimise it, those checks are fairly time consuming :-/ Most of the array methods are explicitly defined in terms of indexing rather that iterators, so for(of) is incorrect. On the other hand indexing is still faster than iteration in the major implementations. |with| makes reasoning about function behaviour extremely difficult, take: var x = 5; something.propertyOnSomething = 5 with(something) { x += propertyOnSomething } alert(x); // What is the value of x? eval() causes problems as it can introduce new variables into the local scope making it logically difficult to reason about program behaviour subsequent to the eval(), e.g. function f(x) { eval(something); return Math.sqrt(x); } What is the result of f(9)? It is possible to set things up to make these not catastrophically harm performance, but the question is whether you would rather the engineers working on these engines make uncommon (and arguably bad) things common, or make normal and frequent code fast. Any time spent working on making uncommon things fast is time not spent making other things fast. However the problem these various anti-BC people have (and the court cases that has again bought up IUDs) is that "birth control" drugs are used by huge numbers of people for completely unrelated reasons - numerous thyroid conditions are best treated with "birth control". Also IUDs are solely for BC, and require (out patient) procedures that fall under the 'religious' exemptions. So you don't get coverage for that either. Um, if you don't trust your parter, the solution is not a gross invasion of privacy. In summary: is a cofounder. Tinder brings in a new CMO (after company was founded), name him a cofounder, rewrite history so she is no longer a cofounder, ignore her complaints about harassment, proceed to fire her. Then when this story breaks talk about suspending the "cofounder" that was doing the harassing - acting as though it is new information. I'd be curious about the effect of manually substituting the clang overflow arithmetic intrinsics on the codegen. Yes, weeks or months of work goes into finding the bugs, and then working out how to exploit them. The continued "hacked in x minutes" crap is nonsense. The trees they're trying to keep alive have ridiculously high water consumption, almonds for instance consume 10s of litres of water for each _individual_ almond. They need to stop growing trees like that in a desert, which is what they're doing. The wells they are digging are tapping into the underlying aquifers that are the last resort, so they are in fact getting _free_ water while complaining about the cost. In essence they are stealing the water that other californians pay for. At the same time they are asking for subsidies, to support a business model built on the ridiculously stupid idea of growing high water use crops in a _desert_. The solution is to actually treat this as a free market (as most HN commenters seem to believe is the solution to everything), everyone pays the same amount for water, including farmers. This would mean farmers would actually make sane use of their water - maybe they can't grow almonds for a profit anymore, and switch to something else. They will probably fairly quickly find some new food stuff that people really want to pay lots of money for, but uses less water. That's how things work. California does have that. They just don't apply to farmers, who use 80% of the water. Sadly JSONP continues to flourish and so requires substantial work to get some semblance of good performance for large datasets. JSC explicitly checks all program code for the common JSONP idioms and pushes them down a completely different execution path (that is equivalent to simply calling JSON.parse) :-/ o.f() and (0, o.f)() have different semantics - the latter is closer to temp = o.f; temp(). For that reason the optimisers see the code being function-call vs. method-call. Given the usage of function and method calls are generally different the compilers make different optimising decisions. Building something to deliberately look like a bomb, and then placing it in a location to again make it look as much like a bomb as possible is completely different from: * Making a clock * Telling everyone it is a clock Woz got told off, Ahmed got interrogated with no parents present, then arrested, walked past his schoolmates in hand cuffs, placed in juvenile detention, suspended (still suspended), finger printed, ... No, installing an update requires the passcode. Look for the OTA update stuff in the security white paper. Math.random() is not intended be a _good_ source of random -- it's essentially expected to be on par with C's rand(), although IIRC most implementations are better. There are APIs for cryptographically secure random numbers, but Math.random() is not it. True, but there's also no requirement for quality -- the webkit/javascriptcore rng is a trivially simple generator, with no real statistical analysis performed -- back in the day i ddi some rudimentary testing (simple things like the birthday and pi tests) -- the only real reason you could get away with it in this use case would be that it use a separate ring for every page, and those rngs are seeded from "true" random on every load. Your claim that it's a merry-go-round is seemingly based on a misunderstanding of how medicine works. You're right, medication does not necessarily ever stop. But it also never stops for heart disease, diabetes, arthritis, HIV, ... Some conditions can be cured, some conditions can be treated, some conditions require continual changes and adjustments to medications. For example, some people with mental illness can take drugs for a finite amount of time, and eventually come off them and never have to return to them. Similarly some people who have asthma can eventually come off an inhaler and never need it again. Even in those cases, some people in certain stressful situations can still end up needing to go back to the medication (e.g anti-depressant/inhaler) years/decades later. Some people have to stay on their medication forever, either asthmatics and their inhaler, or people with mental illness and their specific meds. For some people different meds are needed, but that applies to a huge array of drugs -- some people have to use specific brands of inhaler, even specific types of insulin, neurological drugs are no different. And if we start looking at the merry-go-round of changing drug regimes, there are other diseases with similar cases, most obviously HIV, where the treatments have to be continually monitored and changed for each individual, and many have to be taken at fixed times. Mental illness is not a unique disease, the challenges of treatment are not dramatically different from all other diseases. It's just a disease, and like any other disease, living with it takes effort. These don't seem to be controlling their numbers for actual proportion. They're comparing direct %s without considering the higher proportion of white Americans. If there were no bias then the %s shown should match the relative population sizes. This is a scam, theyre actually delaying the news by like 50 minutes. Probably due to corporate sponsorship or something ;) There are much bigger problems due to secondary infections caused by the /permanently/ implanted tubes required for regular dialysis. The tubes also need to be frequently opened and used for self/manual dialysis that may be needed on a regular every-7-hours kind of way. A friend of mine had his kidneys fail and he was on manual dialysis every 7 hours or something, every day, and could never miss ine. Once due to a power cut he had to drive 3 hours to get to a working microwave because he had to heat the fluid bags to body temp before using them. It wasnt illegally made, it wasnt stolen, it was in the public interest (hogan is a very public figure, and has gone on at length about being faithful, not cheating, loose morals of young people). So... Reporting on that seems like actual information that should be public? Compare to the pamela anderson tape, which was with her husband, was literally /stolen from their home/, and was sold for profit. Judge ruled that there wasnt anythig they could do. Meanwhile, Thiel who was using hogan as a proxy has literally just demonstrated that you cant afford to post opinion pieces about tech billionaires and their occassionally delusional comments about how people should behave. Ues there is - hogan is a public figure who is involved in politics and has repeatedly announced his conservative/be faithful/young-people-have-loose-morals bullshit. Hence cheating on his wife was news, the public should have been informed, and unlike that fappening this wasnt stolen. And engadget and kotaku and most of the other tech related websites you probably read. Also its a good lesson to other sites to police content to ensure no one says anything bad about billionaires. Thank god for thiel protecting us from horrible things like censorship! They did have insurance, and when that became clear the claims were changed so that their insurancr wouldnt cover it. This is: you hit me with a car, i find out what your insurance covers, and then make sure that your insurance wont cover it. Its amazing how many people are coming to claim this is "100% awesome", but in another thread will say that reddit closing threads that share stolen nudes or preteen porn is censorship that should be illegal and is demonstrating the power of SJWs. Author seems to be mostly concerned by code loaded as a module being treated as strict 100% of the time. Literally every difference that they list is strict mode (and the usual misunderstanding of |this|) People keep trying to apply lexical scope for |this| when it is always the left hand of the function refernece expression, e.g. Lhs.foo() Lhs[foo]() And Foo() // where lhs is implied to be the scope object defining Foo The last one seems to be what makes everyone super confused, but it is logically: GetScopeWith("foo").foo() Strict mode changes /one/ thing about|this|: whether the value of |this| undergoes object coercion No. If your encryption is not busted then the entropy under /any/ model tends to perfect. If a model is able to predict with /any/ success then your crypto is probably broken. So yes, it is random, and 100 X's could appear in a row. But if your model can effectively compress that, then the model has to be wasting space for all the other sequences. Let's just imagine that you are doing some like basic run length coding (gif! Or jif if you're wrong :) ) So 100 x's turns into (100, x). So you've compressed that part of the stream. Unfortunately everything else is likely (1,a), etc so every other symbol/byte increases in size. If we look at the stream probabilities we get something like P(nX)=(P(X)^n) -- very rough I haven't been at uni for a long time :). You can do a bunch of reasonably simple math do verify it but you eventually end up with something that your average symbol size is sum{x in X}-log(P(x))/|X|. Where X is your set of possible symbols (n,x:X). For a given stream that is not encrypted you may save some space representing the input bytes, but each symbol (n,X) has at /least/ 1 extra bit of information. Overall you can save space. But let's look at the encrypted data. Each input symbol is independent so your probability of any sequence in the input is equal. You will typically have a run length of 1 (P=0.5), 2 (P=0.5), ... So 50% of your output symbols will have at least one extra bit of information /added/. This means your output by necessity is bigger than the input. I used RLE as an example here, but it's true for all compression schemes. This is a necessary property for compression to work: for any data that compresses by n% under a given model there must be some input that increases in size by n% (or some such, again, long time since uni). I believe Wikipedia has an article on the pigeon hole problem or some such that probably explains this better than I can. If there is structure in an encrypted file then the encryption is broken. It is mathematically indistinguishable from true random data. No compression algorithm can compress it. An additional point you need to consider: You can select different models and compression programs (and some programs do do this), but you have to record which one you use in your output. This again increases the size of the output - this means that even a no-op compression algorithm (say cat or cp :D ) results in output that is bigger (you need a initial byte to say you haven't tried to compress). I think the better approach to what you're claiming is for you to provide an example that is compressed. Just provide the input, the key, the encryption algorithm (AES-GCM for preference, but seriously AES-CBC would work to), and the compression algorithm. Ooh, the encryption comment I just made reminded me of an example of compression potentially working on encrypted content. AES-ECB mode will actually compress fairly well for some inputs (the canonical example being a bitmap image). The reason the compression can work? Because the crypto is broken. In the image case you can actually just visually (no maths or anything) see a large amount of the details of the source image. Success: compress.sh: #!/bin/bash echo "#!/bin/bash" echo curl $1 ./compress.sh https://mikeash.com/tmp/randomfile.bin > randomfile.compressedzomg :D /me hides \o/ :D This seems to largely be prostitution (both rent and sex have established value), bartering is ancient. In this case the password is hard coded in the firmware (and the web interface isn't aware of the telnet interface). They actually designed something where the password literally cannot be changed by the user :-/ Someone wrote an article a while back about why this is a stupid idea -- mostly things like "if I want to call so and so in Australia I would now need to find out what time of day in Australia is the time I consider to be evening" Computers already work in terms of utc (assuming correct code ;) ) -- this article is mostly "I know what time I'm in, why should I have to consider other people?" If we were to get rid of anything it should be DST as we aren't agrarian and there's no evidence that the modern "save power" claims are remotely accurate. But then again it's a politically cheap thing for politicians to change it "help the environment" and helping the environment is always good, right? :-/ wut :D (and i know this is a useless comment - my immediate response to the sentence was that :D ) I would suspect that they needed your credentials so that they could get around the activation lock so that they can sell your phone... Gonna guess all white dudes. ... not referring to the terribly named nz soccer team. webcams will. It's a person misreading syntax :-/ Uh, yes? These are known and common side effect and has been for years. How is it news? The headline is misleading as the type system is sound, but the general idea of generics is that the type bindings and constraints should result in a guarantee that there won't be any failing casts at runtime. And they're interpreting the failure to catch all detectable errors statically as a sign of unsoundness, which is not a correct assertion. The Java language's half-assed generics implementation works by type erasure - so everything is boxed to Object. Because of that erasure my guess is that they're not handling inner class type binding correctly (maybe they're not able to? I don't know their compiler internals - fundamentally it _should_ be possible). If anything i'd argue that this is a compiler bug. Anyway, the end result is a type safe (and entirely sound) runtime and language -- if it were not sound it would be possible to write code that _should_ trigger a type failure, either at compile or at runtime, but that doesn't. That is what it means to have an unsound type system, for example all C-derived languages have unsound type systems. Remember the Java has no guarantees of full static safety (the ability to downcast Object to anything ensures that they can never be fully statically typed), so as long as you're guaranteed the the runtime will never let an invalid cast or conversion happen its still correct. Another way of triggering this would be to use introspection to instantiate an instance of a generic class. Because the VM is unaware of generics you'll just get an Object interface through which you could trigger the same faults. Footnote: .NET actually gets generics right, it's not done through erasure but actual correct type bindings. The VM is itself aware of parametric types and instances of said types and so can statically verify the IL itself, so even if you make an unsafe language that targets .NET the VM would reject illformed/unsound IL, before running it: this is VM equivalent of a static failure: it's not waiting for a dynamic cast to fail at runtime. Not if done correctly -- for a JITted language the IL does not increase in size for generic types as the IL still only has a single version (with the type parameters). The JIT can share the code for the majority of Object/Reference instantiations (strictly it could share all object code if it put appropriate type metadata into the in memory class representation). For value types you do need different copies for the various sizes of type parameter, but even then your heap overhead is reduced because you no longer need to box every value. E.g. you no longer need to make an object to wrap an int. So i suspect on balance you reduce the total space requirements.