I see where you're coming from, but environment has many subtle factors that lead to, I believe, missed opportunities if they aren't taken advantage of. For example, what would a Houston Oil startup gain from spending a few months of critical startup time in a city with high rent, drastically different driving culture, little access to oil companies, services, equipment, fields and etc, and a completely different set of laws regarding their practice? Better to be spending their after-hours times mingling with the oil folks in Houston bars than the tech folks in SF bars. Who makes the first top-level judgement of "this is very good" or "this is very bad?" That's the story story of a game-learning program that found the best way to "not lose" at tetris was to pause right before a brick extended above the top of the level, and leave it paused indefinitely. I don't understand how this is relevant - it's a technology people use to stay connected, share photos, and communicate. Is there some issue you have with this? The article wasn't commenting on the moral implications of facebook or even the beat-to-death privacy issues. Soulless algorithm designed by living humans, hosted on a website which features user-generated content, designed by a human. It's not like it's AI. Many of the bootcamps rely on this self-selection as an aspect of their admissions, to ensure their post-program hire numbers stay high. For example, having a technical interview with a high failure rate, followed by about 80 hours of precourse work, followed by another failure chance on a precourse test. Those that have the desire and ability to learn enough technical material to first pass the technical interview, and then complete the precourse work, probably would have figured out a good deal of developer skills on their own anyway. My only fear is that ultimateGuitarTabs will use these developments to make visiting their site on mobile even more of a hellish experience. Agreed here. I found myself lethargic and frankly stupid until I discovered, through a sleep study, that I have sleep apnea. To cure this, I was simply prescribed an anti histamine pill, to be taken once a day, and a corticosteroid spray to be taken in the nostrils once a day. My sleep apnea was cured within a week and my abilities as a developer increased tenfold. It is really amazing how much of a difference in your personality and abilities a good night's sleep can make. A quick google search shows, yes. Anecdotal, it's how I was raised. Really? A person can be the flagship of a movement that is so opposed to your point of view as to be dangerous. A radically religious up and coming politician for example. Or, I suppose, Hitler. When it comes to investing, "I like how the teams work" is probably not the path you should be walking down in making a decision about where to drop a hefty chunk of change on. Odd, I hadn't heard of that until now, and I spend every day in a room with ~20 people all on various windows 10 machines. 'Travel > Destinations > Middle East' So I can assume Yahoo isn't the one watching this particular bit of my internet traffic... That's probably a different sort of correlation than a Google-caused one. I wonder how this applies in my case - self taught with a degree... in Literature. I haven't had a hard time finding a job but that's a pretty big selection bias. These are all really nice looking, but the android radio buttons seem very user-unfriendly. I'm usually pretty good at sorting out indecipherable buttons and whatnot but they've got me stumped. Even if you could argue that Apollo was nothing more than a "PR Stunt", what is the issue with it being that? From a nationalism perspective, there's a tremendous advantage to be gained from plugging an entire generation with patriotism from a moon landing. Why is your OP getting downvoted? Are we assuming they're an SJW because they informed us of the popular meaning of those words? I knew what those words meant and would have shared as well, despite how much I detest the SJW movement. They is the easiest, and already fully adopted, option. Why bother trying to add another? They is the easiest, and already fully adopted, option. Why bother trying to add another? You must not have been alive long. There was a time people in the States were being jailed and having their rights rescinded for possibly, maybe, being communists. But, but, salesforce is building another downtown San Francisco skyscraper! That means they're successful, right? Guys? By having your articles directly on your site, linked to via a "feed reader" that everyone already uses - twitter, facebook, reddit, etc. I remember trying to get into RSS feeds a few years back. I passed them by - it was easier to just hit news.google.com or my multireddit or twitterfeed for news I was interested in. Sure, I didn't "get it," and yea fine I'm not the smartest guy ever, but I'm probably a good representation of the average net user - interested in efficient means at getting the news such as RSS, but also tremendously lazy. Why bother? I already have a twitter/reddit/gnews account. Now that's thinking the npm way I didn't finish the problem in my interview, and got hired. I asked the PM later why, and he said "we wanted to see you try to solve a problem we know you couldn't, so we could see your problem-solving process and how you handle stress." The author of the article comes off as defensive and blame-shifting. I'm not surprised he didn't get hired. Since when is it ok to say "why?" when someone asked you to perform something in an interview? Do you really think the multi million dollar news agency will need you to program a maze at some point, so they're testing your ability to? Just how dumb do these engineers think recruiters are? Tim Ferris based a huge chunk of his "24 Hour Body" book on the concept of cold baths. This illustrates a question for my I've been wondering for a while - while each developer on a project should have a good idea of security best practice, is it worth it for each to be an expert in security? I've always felt that there should be a member (or team, depending on project scale) for each project who is a "security expert" and can guide decisions for security best practice. So the developers can be aware that they need to tie in an API key at some point, and the security expert can guide the best way to implement that. 5,677,000 tourists to Brazil in 2012. So 500,000 is an 8% increase, correct? If you're looking at the chart, that's 2012, not 2015. I typed "Virtual Reality" and got back "Media depictions of Latinos don't match reality" https://www.theatlas.com/charts/V1RJtzYA Can anybody ELI5 what this site's supposed to be doing? They also washed their hands before they went inside. Edit - and wore a hair net I find this absurd. This is natural language processing. What do languages have? Gendered pronouns. Some languages have gendered nouns. We use language to communicate information about our environment. Whether or not someone is male or female may be irrelevant to how they perform in certain tasks, ie, don't judge someone by their race/gender obviously. However, purposely crippling a natural language processor by removing its ability to use language to determine gender is insanity. Every single aspect of this API has a degree of uncertainty. If you'd like to improve the capability of the algorithm, put in some PRs to help out the accuracy. Hey I'm a noob, can anybody expand upon what other languages are used to program mainframes? Is there any indication that COBOL will eventually be traded out for something newer? Hey I'm a noob, can anybody expand upon what other languages are used to program mainframes? Is there any indication that COBOL will eventually be traded out for something newer? Off-topic, but I've always felt like "silver bullet" isn't a very good metaphor to use because we keep using it sarcastically, as above. Wasn't the silver bullet the only way to stop a werewolf? Or does the phrase come from somewhere else? Anyway maybe something like magic bean or some other "looks useful but turned out not to be" metaphor would be better, not sure which one though. How are two sites sharing this fingerprint information in a way that says "yup, this is the same guy?" Like is there some sot of cabal of evil advertising companies running a bunch of sites, or what? I work for a popular bootcamp and can offer further insight. Interviews: Criteria include technical ability. Our site points towards a lot of free resources for learning JS, and I can personally attribute that there is enough material to get a liberal arts student from 0 to a basic understanding of core JS functions. If they can't use those free resources to self-teach, or haven't grocked the material after attending a bootcamp prep course, they probably won't be able to keep up with a 3 month intense training program. ~80% of applicants will be asked to interview again, and of that percent, maybe 50% will eventually be accepted. Criteria also include hireability. If a potential student has never held a job in their life, they probably will be rejected. We want to bring people in that will be employable, and motivated to seek employment. On that note, yes, personal hygiene and social skills come into play. If someone comes in for an interview that we would loathe working with, they will be turned away, regardless of their technical ability. Outcomes: We are financially motivated to ensure students get jobs, but probably not in the way many think. We don't receive placement fees (that I'm aware of), but we all face the rampant "bootcamp grads aren't as good as comp sci grads" mindset in the industry. For every candidate we place, that's one more person proving that bootcamp grads can operate on the level of a comp sci grad. That's good for brand. More people will hear about the program, be more likely to attend, etc. Furthermore, more PMs and Engineering Managers will see the good work of our graduates, and perhaps come to understand that these candidates are competitive with a comp sci grad, and be more likely to hire grads in the future. On reporting failures: The hardest work in avoiding "failures" is in the admissions process. It's rigorous. If someone would be a "failure" i.e. unable to finish the course or unable to build the portfolio necessary/perform in technical interviews well enough to get a job, they won't get into the program (mostly). I don't work in outcomes, so I can't comment on how transparent the numbers are, but there's no concerted effort to conceal anything at this bootcamp and I feel the numbers are accurate. Without a doubt, it's worth investigating a bootcamp thoroughly for outcomes results before attending. Alumni Network: Shockingly powerful. For example, one of our graduates interviews at, say, google. They meet with the outcomes staff after and discuss the interview. We now have a general idea of what to expect in a google interview. This data is stored and updated for every single graduate, forever . So if a candidate who graduated 2 years ago is job switching and interviewing at google, they can come in and discuss what to expect in a google interview based on other alumni interviews, practice whiteboarding problems with staff, etc. We are careful about NDAs, etc. Everything I've seen is above the board, but I can't speak for any but one bootcamp. >The ability to communicate The bootcamp I attended focused heavily on this aspect. All sprints were pair-programmed, and there were 3 group projects. They lectured repeatedly on team dynamics, feedback methods, agile workflows, etc. Furthermore, applicants with extremely poor soft skills wouldn't make it into the program. We call those "reminders." I would say the concept of DX is rising not just in terms of UI, but in the holistic sense. For example, Windows releasing the Ubuntu Bash and Microsoft Code in an attempt to make Windows a better DX environment. My first serious introduction to programming was through Harvard's online CS50x course, which uses C. I think it was a fantastic way to introduce a newbie like me to what programming languages are doing under the hood with memory allocation, pointers, value vs ref, etc. I once tried out Tan-tan, China's version of Twitter. I was idly swiping away until I saw, on one girl, "you have crossed paths with her twice!" underneath which was a Baidu maps frame showing Balboa Park station. Swiftly uninstalled. Oh well. I feel the same way about all the Monty Python movies. To each their own and whatnot. Occasionally, yes, though I'd say that 2% of accepted students because people already in the industry have the skills to learn what is needed switch over from say back to front end, or apps to webapps, etc. Typically these students learn a great deal of soft skills and pair-programming skills while they're here, so I think it's still valuable. Apologies, I like to keep my online and RL identities as separate as possible. In any case, I can only speak for one bootcamp. I really don't know if all the other ones are doing placement fees. Besides the fact that on android, the app requires what appears to be every single permission, be aware that all companies dealing in media have a designated Party official liaison who usually sits in the office and has more decision power than the editor in chief. Based on my experience working and developing in China, I would say I can all but guarantee that the Chinese government is viewing and editing all data as it pertains to wechat. All chatlogs, all private conversations, all financial transactions, all GPS coords for checkin locations, all of it. They may not be doing anything with it, but it's being stored. I'm about to take us from off the rails to into the forest, but since we're on the subject - poor people are poor, yes, but I think the biggest problem is lack of financial education. I know people that are making enough money to live comfortably, but are crippled by debt caused by poor decisions when they are younger, or poor decisions now. I say better financial education, and then the next step. That's fine, but so why don't we? If the whole purpose of downloading all these courses is so that we can continue to access them after Coursera goes full moneygrub mode, surely someone is willing to sacrifice their Coursera account for this? Does this mean netflix can stop paying Comcast? I would say the same reason we teach web developers what a linked list is. They might never use it (watch me eat my own boot here) but it's a fundamental principle upon which a lot of the tools they use are built. It's good to know what's going on under the hood. I don't think the OP was commenting on the intelligence of the locals, but more their grasp of a foreign language. I've studied Chinese for six years and lived in Taiwan for four of them, I still make elementary mistakes because it's just not my native tongue. I bet if I was drawing up a menu I'd miss a couple characters or strokes on characters. You could use the google predict api to to language analysis, ex this is a happy tweet, this is a sad one, etc. I bet there's someone on the team playing with just such implementations. https://cloud.google.com/prediction/ I mean, what would you do if you had access to over a trillion searches? It's already being worked on: http://thecreatorsproject.vice.com/blog/enter-the-void-the-w... Wasn't he referring to the phone app that integrates with the plug? I wasn't sure either. Well, we are on a something.ycombinator.com website right now... why don't you throw together a prototype, register a company, and present to ycombinator? I've met with Kyle Simpson a couple of times. He develops a lot of our coursework at Makersquare/Hack Reactor. Definitely a sharp guy and very down to earth. His code can be above my head but he's really good at bringing it back down to a level the students can understand, which as a former teacher I think is even more difficult that getting to an expert level in the first place. Wouldn't user reviews technically be a form of "curation?" It's not like when I search "SD card 16gb" I go past page 2 on the search results. It's true - Chinese kids age 7 can write less words in Mandarin than American kids age 7 can write in English. However, it doesn't change the fact that the difficulty of the language has nothing to do with literacy rate. China has a low literacy rate because huge swaths of the population don't have access to education. I learned Japanese and Chinese to a fluent level, and at least from my biased point of view Japanese is a tremendously more difficult written language. Not only do you have just as many "characters" (kanji, hanzi, 汉子, 漢子, whatever) as you do in Mandarin, those characters can have many different pronunciations. You also have katakana (phonetic, 46 + modifications), hiragana(phonetic, 46 + modifications), and just for fun the occasional English (phonetic, 26). And yet, Japan has a 99% literacy rate. Compare that to the USA's 97.9% literacy rate, a country that teaches English (26 letters, phonetic), and I think the argument that difficulty of the language reflects the literacy rate falls apart. This is because we speak Mandarin Chinese in Taiwan, using Traditional, rather than Simplified characters, whereas people in Hong Kong speak Cantonese using Traditional characters. It's a different language entirely. Similar to how you can use Chinese characters (traditional or simplified, whatever) to write Vietnamese and Korean and Japanese, as used to happen many years ago. What boggles my mind is that this is just one of many cases of provable long-term return. It's trickier for HR type investments (measuring the ROI on increases wages, or putting a pool table in the break room), but another example is most governments' refusal to believe that education has a massive ROI. Despite the fact that we have economic scientists repeatedly demonstrating with overwhelming evidence that these types of long-term investments have massive ROI, people can't overcome their natural short sightedness. As long as the mindset of "we're done hearing from experts!" is allowed to resurface again and again, we'll have this problem. See: Anti-vaccers, the insanity with radium, maybe even Bob Marley's toe cancer. In modern music, "audio production" is arguably more important than any other aspect. If we judged your average top 10 hit by the same standards (melody, harmonization) that we did a Bach piece, no modern music would be considered "good" (le wrong generation, I get it). But these songs are popular and drive a multimillion dollar industry, so they must be doing something right. I would point straight to production quality and technique. Why is Dr. Dre so popular? He's a decent rapper but he doesn't really have much content volume. He's who he is because he's one of the best producers in hip-hop. He made a career, a legacy, and an industry out of just being really good at production. Having lived in Japan on and off for the past decade, this is just par for the course for a Japanese company. If you wanted to get anything done, it's done via fax. God knows why, that's just how it is. Everywhere. edit: I'm referring specifically to the need for lots of paperwork Perhaps zombocom? http://www.zombo.com/ That turned out to be a lie from Erdogan. Yahoo! Taiwan as well. It's the primary buyer/seller platform, weirdly. Jesus christ, that dude was standing next to three shells that were as big as him. They were really launching artillery that large? What kind of power did those shells have? How'd they launch them? I always thought of the artillery bombardments as similar to modern mortars. The lesson we can learn from the poisoned battlefields of WWI can be applied as a counter-argument to anyone saying we should nuke something - consider not only the short term implications of the nuke, but the long term effect on local and global environments. Just take a look at your google fitness tracker map after a run to see why this could be bad. Oops, we're suddenly a block north for some reason? Let me just veer sharp right to fix this! Javascript? Why does Angular need a build process? You can just point script tags at a fat angular.js file, or a CDN, and go on your merry way. Sure it's not like the 10x dev way to do it, but I do it for simple apps all the time. Try the actor generator. I got samuel m. lee, heh I don't understand what you mean by this. Do you mean a button that grabs the current URL you're at? Do other websites have this? I'm not challenging you, I genuinely don't understand what you're talking about. That's kind of funny because there's a major trend now following people like Elon Musk who promote skimming through engineering texts. The idea being that you're not going to learn rocket science reading a dissertation on rocket fuel, but you will become aware of things you hadn't done before, and retain random knowledge that could be useful and will be useful as you continue skimming more and more technical books. As someone who spent yesterday firing off 38 job applications (with personalized cover letters!), this terrifies me. Kids are an awesome way to think about these problems. I did a teaching abroad stint once and it was incredible to witness kindergartners wrastle with this new language I was introducing to them, adopt it while they're still learning their native one. It got even cooler when there'd be a half native kid who already spoke English as well as Chinese. I wonder if there's AI focused research that analyses how children learn language as an aspect of their research? Especially kids learning a "new" language. Can you clarify "focus your efforts?" For example, I am a graduate software engineer. There are a lot of companies that I have a more than sincere interest in working for - I have a near obsession for working for, say, Google, Amazon, Dropbox, or Facebook. I also have a desire to pay my bills. All 4 of the above have rejected me for "lack of years of experience," and so now what? Find more companies I sincerely want to work for? At this point, a company with a software engineering team I can learn from fits the bill, of which there's probably 3,000 in the Bay Area alone. So, I don't understand how my options at this point are anything other than literally sending out 3,000 resumes (I'm at 80 now). Other than, of course, extensive networking, which I also do. >There's someone a few comments over That's me, we're in the comment chain for it right now. I don't understand what else I can do to get a job as someone a.) new to the city and b.) a graduate software engineer with no prior experience other than personal and group projects. None of my "passion about" companies will take me - dropbox rejected me in 30 minutes flat, probably automatically. What can I do but spray out absurd amount of resumes? What can I do but have an auto-generated cover letter that swaps out COMPANY_NAME and JOB_TITLE so I can crank out enough resumes a day to ensure I get a job before my bills swamp me? I'm still confused by the CDS bit. Is there a good eli5 article on it? I've already checked the eli5 subreddit and couldn't find anything specifically on the mechanism that allowed shorting. The weird thing is, there's no reason we can't have both (megacity and nature preserve). A hop skip and a jump over the golden gate bridge brings you to the expansive Golden Gate Recreational Area. Head south and you have lots of state preserves, national parks, state parks, and etc for hiking/climbing. A mere three hour drive south is the incredible Big Sur. A few more hours East, Yosemite. So why not develop down town? Why not knock down the dinky little family two stories in Daly City and put up highrises? I don't get it. I don't think he was necessarily implying it'd be date-like - I've had those "4 hour conversations resulting with the key to my existence" type conversations with the sex I'm not romantically interested in, from small coffee "dates." To quote Always Sunny, it's all about the implication. I start with a question unrelated to the coffee "Jane, how are things going at Salesforce? I've been considering a move lately, mind if I get you a coffee and pick your brain a bit?" You can initialize the convo at that point and then either fluidly move the conversation elsewhere if desired, or, you know, not. Anyway, that's how I do it: transparent objective. Technically the same metaphor can be used for "commit" if we assume you stage the one thing and commit that one thing. Now look through the same workflow again but replace "stage" with "stage it and commit it." It's reputational hangover from I would say maybe the 80s. My experience in Japan was totally the opposite. Most people's emails are something like abc3fa3a11fe.afj.kl@softbank.co.jp because that's the email their phone provider gave them, and they don't know how to check their email if they lose their mobile phone. Internet access is sparse - not even the starbucks at the famous shinjuku intersection had wifi when I was there in 2014. If you want internet, you need to go to an internet cafe - those places that people sometimes just move into as cheap apartments. To do that, you need to register for a card... with a Japanese phone number and a Japanese bank. You want any paperwork done, it'll involve a fax. No, scanning and emailing will not work, sorry. No, you can't just bring the paper in, it must arrive via the fax machine. Japanese websites: https://randomwire.com/why-japanese-web-design-is-so-differe... Etc. They look the same and that's boring. ...I'm only slightly kidding. I think it's relevant. I think there should be an addendum: the human should have total control over "how important" a given technology is to it. So for example, there's maybe 3 apps on my phone out of 50 that are allowed to use notifications. I'm always horrified when I pick up my mom's phone and it's swamped with notifications, popups in the status bar, lock screen flooded over, yuck. "Comcast video streaming service is not in the same category as Netflix, Hulu because...." Back to square 1. Especially metrics comparing cost of getting your own vs offloading to AWS or whatever. When is the "break even" point for buying your own? Well, this feels obvious, but let's say the required PE classes have skilled professors that can adjust a PE program to your fitness level? Would your opinion change then? I hear the same arguments about engineering students forced to take political science, or liberal arts students forced to take x number of laboratory credits. Arguably, health is more important that a journalist's ability to use calculus. 20 miles a day? Surely you aren't serious? Someone check my math but at a 7 minute mile, that's a 2 hour run every day, plus warmup, stretch, change, cleanup time. That feels absurd for anybody with a job, family, etc. Maybe every other day would make more sense. I think their point still stands - sure there's regulations, but that's just added bureaucracy and history on top of an arbitrary system. I won't pretend like it doesn't work - clearly it does - but something like the USD is extremely vulnerable as well if "the system" goes down - hyper inflation, hyper deflation, currency rejection (people want chickens not dollars), etc. Sounds like a lot of hit and miss with these schools. With the rise of bootcamps as well, I wonder - is there any organization / website / agency compiling and auditing a list of these types of schools? It'd be great to be able to say "I want to become a pipeline designer" and knowing with Better Business Bureau level of confidence that I was choosing a good training program. To clarify, can we reduce your point down to "natural talent doesn't exist?" It's a bummer but you couldn't have known. Just keep making smart investments. Are you an American? Because plenty of countries strike that balance just fine. Or be hacked and then distributed. This is a fun thing to talk about in Hacker News. I'm outa this thread. Do either of you mind linking to your static blogs or an article discussing your process here? I've only ever used a wordpress install for blogging but have been thinking about just building a static blog from scratch. I don't understand how "national security concerns" is not a valid risk. Of all the countries in the world, China is 1 of 2 that are actually capable of standing up to US military might, and the only real advantage the US has is a more robust intelligence system via satellites. Satellites that for example can early detect missile launches, track missiles, guide missiles, etc. If I was a US military adviser I would absolutely be putting full pressure on avoiding any situation that gives the Chinese or the Russians more insight or access to the space program. I think war and military stuff is stupid and antithesis to the advancement of the human race, but I can see how someone who's job it is to be concerned about that sort of thing is very concerned about that sort of thing.