The police have found a women body "without arms, head and legs" they said this evening. They have not denied confirmed that it is Kim though. Is it resonable that the limbs comes off from propellers at random in the sea? Does that happen? http://ekstrabladet.dk/112/article6787128.ece Murder, dismemberment and maybe more. Well, submarine murders are kinda tech related ... Zoox got some Uber engineers too since earlier. I wonder if the company will produce a working product or if they will aim on getting bought, like Otto etc. As I'm not fed up enough about these recruiting ceremonies you have to endure just because you are a programmer. I wonder if bridge engineer has to build small bridges out of lego when they apply for work ... Skype is so bad anyway. Does anyone but enterprises use them anymore, compared to the haydays? Well, "hybrid" in this case is a bigger engine starter and battery, that also can propell the vehicle for a while, I assume. This could be done with old manual cars without fancy security checks so, we have been there, done that. Apple's getting a revenue share of any sold item in the store ... so. I guess the rational thing for them would be to prevent scams to make ppl less reluctant to shop there, but since there is no obvious short time benefit they hardly care. Compare this to all these "child bought 1000$ worth of Candy Crush items on father's card" etc. Self driving car maybe? Kinda unnecessary abbreviation. Nope, but less typing of #include:s? Easier to send by mail? He seems to use defines to keeps function and variable definitions to one in the program it's included in. I think you are using the wrong angular resolution, though. http://velodynelidar.com/docs/datasheet/63-9194_Rev-G_HDL-64... Thats the one LIDAR Uber seems to have matching pictures. 5Hz - 20Hz full round sampling rate, lets assume 15 Hz. The resolution in the horizontal plane is dependent on rotational speed, so at 15 Hz it should be 0,26 degrees. (0,35/20*15 = 0.26) For the woman height the angular resolution is 0.4 degrees no matter the rotation speed. Id est, she would have been atleast one pixel wide from 400 feet and about 2 pixels high and growing in size if we assume 2' wide. (Not counting bike). I really see no exuse for Uber messing this up that bad. The LIDAR can't have missed a potential "obstacle" when it got closer, even if the car wouldn't classify it as a human. Yes, I agree with you that we can't assume that the car could have noticed the woman from 120 meters from LIDAR data alone. Maybe with some kind of sensor fusion with IR-cameras. But, as it got closer and what the computer though was noise was on about the same place a sane obstacle finder should have given a posetive match. Maybe at 30 - 40 m worst case? At 142 feet the woman probably had (assuming she was 5.5'): asind(5.5/142) = 2.21* => 2.21/0.4 = 5.5 So between 5 and 6 "scanlines" going from left to right over her. Assuming she was 2' wide that's 0.8 degrees which would be 2 to 3 pixels in breadth according to your spread sheet. That's between 10 and 18 pixels (voxels?) that stand out clearly from the flat road around it, exluding the bike. If you wan't to get an idea of how LIDAR data looks Velodyne has free samples and a viewer for less resolution models. http://velodynelidar.com/downloads.html It pretty hard to identify obstacles far off, but you will still see there is something there. It's especially easy to identify obstacles that are vertical. As she got closer, she would eventually show up clearly on the LIDAR data. But since the car never slowed down or went left, it didn't notice her at all even at point blanc (or did see her but failed to do anything about it). Her death was in vain. These kind of fundamental scenarios can be practised with dolls or stunt men on closed test tracks not on public roads ... If Uber needs data they could have driven manually. Obvously their obstacle tracking is bad. Thats kinda Volvo Cars approuch, word by word, as one of their RnD engineers explained it to me. Oh ... is it real? Beta? Googleinh seems to confirm so. Other car manufacturer use trained personel for testing. I mean this is silly and should be illegal. "The world’s first electrified road that recharges the batteries of cars and trucks driving on it". Well, that's a buss. Jokes aside, the concept is quite old. https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Trolleybus#History Not easy to disengage though. Do you get a IDE with compiler for the palindrom question? Id say that close to 0 out off 10 engineers at work including me would get a working program without debugger or print statements. Just tried in c and got me 2 compiles to get it right. Without the output I would just present a nonworking program. Well, opaque algorithmic censorship might be the worst one. The algorithm will probably "nerf" small papers with insufficient data and boost big ones. Papers that are controversial in some political camp will get flags and instead people will get food articles and CNN/ABC/Fox etc. I liked Facebook's old "show stuff in order" (pre 2011?) way more. Nice pics for exam studies. But in industry Worse Is Better and Kalman Filters is ofent just the optimal way to remove noise you yourself added in your simulation. I've never seen any implementation use of Kalman filters where the covariance matrix is actually sound ... and I usually go with just lowpassfilters or moving averages. Ye well maybe it's a domain thing. I do driveline programming for cars. As soVeryTired wrote "In general I find Kalman filters a little suspect where the underlying dynamics of the system can change over time, and when the physical process that gives rise to the dynamics isn't known." This maybe applies in a less degree to radars etc? In general we use only one sensor source at a time for eg. rpm rather then fusing them. If one is obvously off just select another. Maybe it's rather about how exact you need the estimate to be. Whats wrong with "double_t"? Excessive template magic is just confusing. If you compile for a embedded platform there is a platform specific header anyway where you would put #define BIGGEST_FLOAT_TYPE double" or something. Plenty of platforms doesn't behave IEEE:ish when you go NaN and Inf, which this template collection doesn't check anyways. You would have to catch FPU interrupts and do the overflow/underflow/whatever yourself. So using this project would just lead to false positives. It's maybe the type with most precision according to whoever wrote the header at the chip manufacturer , so you can use it to do a calculation with hardware types with the least amount of error on the platform, maybe. My point is, if IEEE 754 is a problem, you probably need to check things yourself anyway and can't trust whoever wrote numerical_limits at the chip manufacturer and that it applies to your platform without e.g. adding interrupt handlers etc. So you can't trust this template anyways. Ye, but whoever wrote is_iec559 might have added written in the manual that you need to provide the interrupt handlers yourself or link in the manufacturers math lib? Well this was done in the 60s allready. https://m.youtube.com/watch?v=FmXLqImT1wE&t=545s It was most likely cracy expensive just as these news machines are compared to a ordinary restaurant grade kitchen and you still need people going around unstucking things that get stuck. Bringing industrial processes into street food seems ... unpractical. Well, Tesla rolled out brake updates over a couple of days after a consumer paper found strange brake behavoiur. https://www.consumerreports.org/car-safety/tesla-model-3-get... There is no chance they could have tested that thoroughly. And the brakes are maybe the cars most important function besides power steering in a programming safety perspective. 1 in 10 interviews is a hire? How can his methods be described as sucsessfull. Speaking of my own experience I'd say it takes 6 months to find out if a programmer is good or really good (bad is easy to spot) and being able to tell that in 4h is just self-deception. I wonder how hireing managers compares to coin tosses after some 15min telephone offsite initial screening and just filtering of resumés. It's written somewhere 50 engineers from 500 interviews. Plus the one sorted out from initial screening. Being skillfull on soft skills usually is a euphemism for handeling toxic and antisocial coworkers. I have personally never thought that the would-take-beer-with rating is even remotely as important as technical skills. And being a corny coworker or a toxic one don't really correlate. Atleast one good thing with this Russia hysteria is that concerns are raised about privacy regarding data mining corporations ... I assume it's theoretically possible to ghost render and and execute tracking scripts in a sandbox? Just need some browser support ... They got self-driving Mad Max-ish tubewelded over-actuated crabsteering robotcars? Who cares about business speak, I'm sold. The remote driving driver could in theory ghost the journalist car for low latency. Just saying. Coincidently Ericson and KTH (which Zoox has cooperated with) has done remote driving over cellphone links over multiple miles. https://m.youtube.com/watch?v=cvSM7pbqZEM I'm not saying it's what happend. I mean Darpa challange was not fake so Stanford has delivered in the area. But it's possible to solve the lag issue. Falstad saved me during my university year. If just all field's had this type of material ... ""We're no longer in the days of a master cylinder responding to pressure from a driver's foot by simply sending hydraulic fluid to drum brakes."" At some point of actuation the Tesla car should have a mechanical backup when depressing the brake pedal, right? I really don't think it's pure brake by wire. Hmm, I kinda like this. I wonder if I would say the same after a "field test"? Serverless in this context is Server-aaS. It's doublespeak. That's why I "knee-jerk". Instead of a couple of servers you have thousands of small virtual servers running on real server and call that serverless. It's comical. I wonder what hell this approach will be for legacy serverless systems where there is stuff running everywhere and no one got a clue where to pull the plug or patch stuff. Better something than nothing? A bonus is to combat competition like Snapchat to Instagram by having a solid alternative. "A pile of money for computer time" is a valid ingredience for a reproducable paper. Having opaque methodology is not on the other end. I got this feeling that the main selling point of wasm will be "certified" software with some middle man and control. An analogy would be Google's push for https, for our own best ofc. What? Just let the programmer to it in his homeland. Easy. Just as outsourcing. I wish this project approuch was more common. It would probably be cheaper than wasting time on multiple days interviewing reality shows where people are voted out one by one like some companies do it. I feel the bots greatest strength are their "aimbot" abilities. They have such great precision from their "targetEnemy(obj)". They know perfectly when in range or not. They are never looking on the other side of the map. Without this they would get stomped. Really nice tool actually. Need to fix some things on my site though ... I agree, but it's probably no a thing the recruiter can do without going through the boss of the boss and hassle with accounting department. Until a big body of of candidates require it, nothing will happen, and if too many require it, the employer will probably just quit giving home work. This concept of whiteboard interviews and assignments is quite alien to me. I've got three different software jobs since graduation and not one did any sorts of test they just trusted that I would not apply if I couldn't code. Never heard of any colleagues or former class mates that done any either. My guess is that Volvo ditched them after they messed up Volvo's emergency-brake for some homebrew VC version. Illegal in what country? This is essentially taping TV or radio, which is legal, right? I wonder how the people working at Inn'n'Out burger in SF actually make a profit from working there. Maybe it is like Uber drivers. They quit after noticing that they are losing money but the supply of new workers is so high it works out for the company anyway. I mean geocery stores and fast food joints etc are not that much more expansive than the rest of the country. A burger at McDonalds should really cost twice the national average or something to cover the living costs for the workers. But it doesn't ... and I suppose churn ratio is the answer? "Optimizing" UI for session length and clicks is the same thing as finding the local maxima of bad, right? How do you prefer to use e.g. malloc? AMP is kinda a voluntary man in the middle attack that Google controls. HTTP sets up for possible ISP-rivals so Google is "forcing" HTTPS onto people. Google wan't monopoly on the mass-surveilance. Obvously you always have the choice to not care about your page rank and the main source of traffic. I also agree with that https is a good thing but Google is probably pushing it for the wrong reasons and forcing it with Chrome "unsafe site" thing. I like to keep protocols simple but I understand the need for https. And it's nice to know my employer/ISP doesn't know exactly what subpage i am browsing of a site that could just aswell be http as it has no logins or w/e. It wrecks sane easy caching though. Instead we have this "free" as in free beer Cloudflare alternatives or paid CDNs. Trading dolars for surveilence of our page viewers. I kinda prefer easier surveilence over monopoly surveilence if I have too choose between those two. If you are doing subversive anti-government stuff you could still use a VPN that's hopefully not a honey pot ... The wage statistics in e.g. Sweden is after a 31.43% "federal" (royal?) pay-roll tax is deducted. BLS, US median for programmers: 82 240 USD/y https://www.bls.gov/ooh/computer-and-information-technology/... Engineering Union, Sweden, median for union programmers: 61 416 USD/y, as reported. 80 719 USD/y, including payroll tax. I believe other European countries could report data in a similar manner. The employer cost is similar. If we assume Danish wages are similar to Swedish, the $60k bracket should be the most common, actually. I don't really trust these fantastic Silicon Valley wage statistics. There seems to be bad coverage over a wide range of companies, and it mostly seems to be self-reported in a non-organized way. BLS collects a wider range of statistics than PayScale or what not the HR departments are spamming with good reviews and salaries. https://www.huffingtonpost.com/entry/silicon-valley-salaries... To even base an article on those numbers is borderline fraud. For "San Francisco-Redwood City-South San Francisco, CA Metropolitan Division" BLS reports $106k mean wage for programmers. https://www.bls.gov/oes/current/oes151131.htm Swedish Engineering union reports mean wage: 69 543 USD/y in Stockholm 91 400 USD/y including payroll tax. So the difference is 1.1k USD more a month for the median Bay-area programmer compared to Stockholm in employer cost. It's not really raining VC money over the SF area programmers compared to e.g. Stockholm, where there is more or less none VC money. Oh, well my calculations are off by 25% then and my point kinda invalid. Never heard about a distincion between a developer and programmer. Seems to be a distinct BLS category. ... which co. Is the not Google one? Hopefully not. The Glassdoor article is a typical SEO spam write-up. Their data is generally so bad it's annoying. We can blame them for much but not this. I don't even blame Google for this. The newspaper initially giving away their content for free is the "problem". Now it's to late to change people's habits. What they should have done is only making the web site accessible for subscribers or people with a day-pass from buying a paper. The transition from paper to digital would then be more or less seamless for the consumer as they would have both for a while. Making people realize they don't need the news papers was their mistake. Strange. "A majority of companies say lack of access to software developers is a bigger threat to success than lack of access to capital." Capital gives access to software developers but software developers don't necessarily give access to capital. Mr. Will Gaybrick doesn't seem to get his causality right. "Tech's ultimate success: Software developers are now more valuable to companies than money" That's just stupid. "2. Outsource. Fully embrace the cloud. Not just for storage and compute but for every business function that's not unique to your business" Custom tooling is one of the most valuable part of having in-house programmers. It's interesting to read the thoughts of these suits. It explains so much of my everyday troubles at work. Will this be in the real release? Looks like a anti-trust case for other browser vendors, like MS got fined for including IE with Win 98. The problem is that when you involve a Real Programmer you ruin the flexibility of the sheet that made it so useful for the original user. It's better waste hours using Excel than waste even more hours trying to convince some developer to do a change and wait for the product - which might never come. Is validation a problem? You see the intermediate steps of calculation in the columns. It's way more clear then black-box unit testing. It's like some nice live debugging with print statements everywhere. How about this: Places where the police collect more fines has higher criminality and the police has less resources per crime to solve crimes? I don't believe this nonsense article at all. They are overfitting their data. It's more or less fraud. They are mixing units in the regression. Most of the control variables are correlated etc. They even tried to link fracking to this somehow, but didn't find significance. http://www.law.nyu.edu/sites/default/files/upload_documents/... "Our results suggest that institutional changes—such as decreasing municipal government reliance on fines and fees for revenue—are important for changing police behavior and improving the provision of public safety." What they are acctually discovering is that crime clearance rate is mostly dependent on crime rate. How do you know as the one being recruited these tests are not sent to 100 other programmers. Wasting time without wasting the recruiters time too is a no-go for me unless I would be desperate. Don't give them ideas. Thought driven programming is now a thing. The writer seems unbalanced and I can't tell if he or the workplace is the problem, or both. The thing that cought my eye is that he was telling his boss his coworker was home hung over, becouse he worked while his grandma died instead of visiting her. Like, who is being inconsiderate here really? It means that he probably is not stable. There are things you do not write in public. I don't need to have a MD to notice that. Writing in public that you wanted to assualt a coworker becouse he didn't like your design and cancelled a meeting for being "sick"/hangover is a flashing red warning light with sugar on top. It's one thing to rant that to some freinds at a bar if you have no history of assaults. Another thing to publicly state it. Do you want to work with him? I do not. Obsolete? Is this sarcasm? Angular 1 vs 6? Like, how can the burden of getting up to speed in a later version of the same framework even compare to that of getting your head into all legacy company code and how the coffe machine at the office is refilled? "Oh, .Net 3.5 you say? We do 4.0 here. We call you back." Coding has barely changed since the 60s. The screens are bigger. It's the programs that have evolved not the programmers really. Fair enought. On another note I believe one fundamental reason some employers prefer younger employees is that they are easier to push around. A sudden strike from the wind and they will cut your throat or cut out your eyes. Imagine the paranoia walking on the street. Do I get this straight: "Quantum teleportation" is like receiving a letter with four pages and then telling another receiver of the same letter which page to read? Uhm ... I drive a -98 Volvo V70, 300 000 km, in central Sweden. It's no way where near EOL and it's snow and salt on the roads. If I change the brakes it's good for maybe 2-8 years more before the gearbox might give up. The secret is to to preemptive rust measures. Just paint it like you would on a boat and change rusty parts on the underbelly before the rust spreads to the car body. Preemptive measures are cheap and not that much work. When it's too late though ... I wonder how much greater the average car life span would be if the drivers just took a oil dispenser every third month and oiled the parts. If you have alot of copy pasted code this might work great if you fixed a bug in one place but not the 219 other ones. Mostly I see that as a feature not a bug. If you can't trust management for hiring why trust them for firing. You got like a couple of months "test period" that can end every month anyway. Exactly. If 38% is bad then I would like to know what Uber would need. On the other hand, they are operating at a loss so increasing revenue just means they spend more money paying costumers to ride with them or eat with them. Only founding would limit the revenue growth when you are giving away stuff. It's hard now when Google have their market position. For Google it was easy to grab the low hanging fruit. I wonder if former competitors like Altavista just never though of spying on their users and selling the info or if they assumed it would be illegal and didn't do it? That's true, but the same can be said for the reverse. How do you know that a research success is not really a failure. If anything, there is more incentive to forge successes than failures. Customer support is an group insurence for the costumers. Most wont use it. Profit per customer is irrelevant. It's profit for all customers per support event that's the metric. If the users are the product then the sites that shows the ads are the retailers or whatever. As a small reteiler 200 USD/month I got no support what so ever when Google closed our account for unspecific policy violations. Just autoreplys. It would be nice with some law like the signs on ciggaret packets when signing up for a Google account. "WE COLLCECT YOUR PERSONAL DATA AND SELLS A ANALYSIS OF IT. WE MAY DELETE YOUR SUBMITED FILES AND MAILS WITHOUT PRIOR NOTICE AND WE PROVIDE NO SUPPORT TO USERS. WE MAY CHANGE THESE RULES WITHOUT PRIOR NOTICE." I don't think most users are aware. Shouldn't a bed tax increases the price? Low margin hotels will be forced to shut down since the margin just is taxed and if they increase the price they will lose guests. A bed tax is essentially cutting the demand. You could make the bed tax season adjusted. The peak months are the main problem. A index fund doesn't follow the index. There is a broker fee, stock transaction fees for the broker to keep the fund balanced and stock falling out of the index (because of the company eg. halfway to bankruptcy) is a loss for the fund but in the index the next biggest stock just takes it's place. To keep up with the index is probably really hard. I wonder if that job jumping statistics is "poisoned" by causality. You could argue that head hunted employees that's a good match for the job they leave for probably get higher salary. The current job of a dev is more likely to be the first job for the dev (after job jumping it's never the first job). Since the dev age pyramid is quite base heavy, job jumping is a indirect measurement of more experience. Just being able to job jump is a indirect measure that you are sought after and that brings higher wages. "Not having the time" to introduce new engineers to the problem at hand, task, system or what ever is a recipe for wasting even more time in the future. It's very short sighted. Neither "10x programmers" or mere mortals can grasp a code base by reading it alone as by a thorough introduction. I mean, a mediocre engineer that knows the system well is way more useful than an excellent engineers that just got his hands on it, for like half a year or more depending on complexity. If you give guidance you don't need excellent engineers. At least not as many. It's kinda surprising the way companies think of this. Rather than officially allocating a developers time for introducing new employees or writing documentation for the system, Company 101 is to put 10 or 100 times the amount of dev time into catching up for the devs replacement when he quits, after he quits. Why is weight an issue when we are talking power plants for housing? Here's a 8.3 kW diesel generator (6.3 kW generator) from Home Depo: https://www.homedepot.com/p/Boss-Precision-Products-Inc-Port... 3900 USD. 367 lbs + fuel = 180 kg + fuel http://www.nordensolar.se/produktdetaljer/solceller-luxor-so... One random 265W solar panel, you need 31 off them, one is 18,6 kg gives 582 kg of solar panels to get to 8.3 kW (obviously you wont get 8.3 kW cont. from them). Not counting inverters, mounting rackets etc. So for equal weight and way more power you have one 8,3 kW diesel generator and 402 kg of diesel. 1 kg diesel is ca 12 kWh energy. Lets guess 30% efficiency gives 1447 kWh electricty for the same weigth. That's about as much as the solar panels will produce in 2,4 months assuming 129 kWh/m2/year. According to this site it's 3,14 USD per watt solar panel installation for consumers. https://news.energysage.com/10kw-solar-systems-compare-price... 8300 * 3,14 = 26 000 USD. So, you can buy a generator and 22 000 USD of diesel (about 22 000 litres or 22 000 litres * 10kWh * 0,3 efficiency = 66 000 kWh electricty) for about the same price. Or about what the same dollar in solar panels will produce in 8 years with way lower peak power. Ye, of course. But the comparison was with ICEs and given that you could bring an ICE weight carrying capacity is usually not that scarce like back packing or balloons. Depends on if you need power, or, energy over time for the same weight. 2x productivity boost compared to one programmer or two programmers ..? I have a hard time seeing why this would work. On the other hand, it's more or less a hand over of knowledge for the system, so in that sense all the negative effects are might be zeroed. I've got this feeling that knowledge hand over is the biggest problem in the industry. I would really hate to have to do pair programming but I'm not totally convinced it's all bad for the company/product. Maybe one day a week to spread the knowledge? EDIT: The song is nice. A bit to specific topic to be funny though. "Everyone knows to look at the ratio of comments + likes to followers" If likes can be fake then so can comments, right? In big project reading recursivly from the entry point is essentialy to say "read it all". With code generation or libs there might even be no entry point in the repo source code. I would say go from the edges of the call tree towards the root but not all the way to it. Otherwise I get lost. Just guess which edges are interesting and start from them. The SoC window is not 0 to 100%, it's might be eg. 15 - 75 % or something. That's also why you don't notice battery degradation, since the window might be moving (keeping constant energy limits for 0 and 100% charged). For kWh capacity it's just a matter of counting the cells. Actual kWh will vary abit by measuring technique but I assume there is a way to drain the nominal Wh:s from them. Uhm ... those who are able to work after retirement are of better health? I mean, if your health is bad you can't work. It's far fetched to assume that working longer gives better health is a stronger effect than that better health makes you able to work longer. Some work might make your health better, but the effect should be weaker than the statistics suggest. Well, that's because there are so many false prophets. I like Jira. It's terrible, of course, but way better than using nothing. Tech Crunch is mainly criticizing how "Agile" development is commonly used, to micromanage and give a false sense of grasp of the scope of a project for management. Micromanagement without the responsibilities coming with micromanagement (providing nice specifications, doing follow ups, taking responsibility for failures, etc) make me miss the waterfall model ... ... and the people it employs? I see alot of winners in "zombie" startups. I wonder what the ROI of the average business is. Pizza places, AI shops alike. "The former employee, who used to work as a process engineer at Tesla's Gigafactory, filed a complaint of his own with the Securities and Exchange Commission in June. He accused Tesla of making 'material omissions and misstatements' to investors as well as of putting cars with safety issues on the road." He did whistle-blow according to the article. According to another article he denies dumping data. https://www.engadget.com/2018/08/15/martin-tripp-tesla-tweet... "Easy money"? It's called luck and luck is hard to come by. What's genius about him? He's a great manager, in the sense that he get people to get shit done. Would you call Wayne Gretzky a genius? ... or accumulation of hacky extra features not in orginal scope and architecture? In the beginning it might have been fine code, but not enough time have been allocated to do new features right. Rewrites might be the wrong term. "Refactoring" is a better. If you already have functioning code you don't need to rewrite it, but fix the mess. If you have undocumented legacy code that's a mess, and it doesn't work with new quite different requirements, it might be faster to just rewrite most parts and cherry pick code that seems to do edge catching stuff and opaque interfacing with other black box systems. I aim at spending half my time refactoring and documenting, so I'll in reality end up with at-least some time. Random Company average I have been at is probably around 0.1%. Convervation of mass? What do that has to do with it. Hot water tanks accumilate mineral sediment which might tear of as particles and follow the stream. I guess that the asbestos rate in the talk follows some none normal distribution. Of all the million bottles, some might have vastly higher rates? I imagine the asbestos is unevenly distributed in the ore in the mine and thus in the resulting batches of talk. That could be a hypothesis at least. But I agree on the proportion point. I would want to know how much asbestos there is in Kellog's Cornflakes or whatever. 3% of other (minerals?) than talk. Not 3% asbestos to make that clear. For every cent paid in interest rate some account is receiving a cent. Where is the paradox? Why not give the cash to the owners. That's what stocks are for, right. Doesn't seem like a problem at all. A "low growth" company is a stable company. High growth is high risk. Given that there are less bias and systematic error in the review tools than in managers judgement ... How can this be not "really time sensitive"? The stability of these kind of controllers depend on smooth periods without jitter. Putting these kind of controller on a phone written in Python is OK for a student project driving at 20 km/h on a closed off area. It actually madness and most likey illegal to use these modifications on public roads. Atleast it should be ... "When it comes to actually documenting code itself, as opposed to producing documents that can actually be read by non-programmers, the best programmers I’ve ever known hold a universal sentiment: write self-explanatory code and don’t document code except in the places that you cannot make it clear. There are two good reasons for this. First, anyone who needs to see code-level documentation will in most cases be able to and prefer to read the code anyway ... More importantly however, is that the code and the documentation cannot get our of sync if there is no documentation. The source code can at worst be wrong and confusing. The documentation, if not written perfectly, can lie, and that is a thousand times worse" This is such baloney. I understand that many programmers want barriers of entry to their chair at the office but rationalizing it is self-deception. The author is essentially saying to write strcmp() "self-explanatory" rather than the a black box description like: http://www.cplusplus.com/reference/cstring/strcmp/ strcmp() is useless without knowing what the return values mean and reading the code to figure it out is way more time consuming than reading the docs. I'm not too sure the author means about that, even though you interpretation is possible. "When it comes to actually documenting code itself, as opposed to producing documents that can actually be read by non-programmers, the best programmers I've ever known hold a universal sentiment: write self-explanatory code and don't document code except in the places that you cannot make it clear." I would say eg. Doxygen style function documentation or that strcmp() doc. I linked falls under documents non-programmers wont read. Hi is emphasizing writing "little" good documentation over "write crap nobody will read". Is it really a good advice to new programmers about documentation? Can everyone who have spent their career cursing former coworkers that wrote too much code documentation raise their hands. Congrats you were working in heaven. I'd say when in doubt, write comments. 'How', 'why' and 'what' ... and 'when' and in what order. But that's a matter of taste of course. Yeah OK I agree about not wielding strawmans. Another interesting example on comments is the original implementation of 'cat'. A lot of comments. https://minnie.tuhs.org/cgi-bin/utree.pl?file=PDP7-Unix/cmd/... V2 of Unix had no comments in cat. https://minnie.tuhs.org/cgi-bin/utree.pl?file=V2/cmd/cat.s It's a extreme example, but I know which one i would prefer to debug or modify.