Yes, but if you solve that problem, it implicitly means that you have a fingerprint of me that can be correlated across the web. So, next time I access a different game, someone can know that I'm the same person who bought the original, and perhaps try to persuade me based on that. Whether anyone does so or not is irrelevant - the only way I can try to ensure it doesn't happen is to try to never leak this data about myself. And how are PPAs fundamentally different from downloading a Windows installer from the Internet? If I download the installer from the maintainer's site, there's 0 risk (assuming HTTPS). And the site giving the PPA link is just as likely to be a phishing site as the the one serving some exe. Except browsers will sometimes warn on strange executables, whereas none do on misleading PPA links. > Many languages don't have an IDE. Many are not suitable for one (especially ones closer to Lisp on expressiveness spectrum). This is a minor point of your comment, but I'd like to refute it: Lispers actually often cite IDE integration as one of the great features of Lisp. It may have lost pace a bit with some of the very best modern ones, but Lisps have had "modern" IDEs since about the 70s or 80s, with stuff like jumping to function definitions, finding usages of a function, looking up the docs etc. Even better, this is usually a part of the language runtime (predating most other language servers by quite a bit), so it can even apply to dynamic uses. On the one hand, giving disabled people some activity that helps them be independent and care for themselves sounds great! On the other hand, the idea that this could become a weapon against disabled people (why are you staying on benefits? go out and get a job for yourself, you lazy paraplegic!) is... scary. Especially given that it sounds mostly like a marketing gimmick, and that the very thing allowing them to interact with the world is not their own, but property of the store owners - i.e. they can't take the robot and move to a different caffe, they are tied to the benevolence of their boss. Overall, this is much more distopic than utopic, and should be discouraged in this form; but the technology is interesting and could be an asset in the lives of many people. The problem is also that Lambda works really poorly with anything that is NOT Cognito and DynamoDB. For example, we were using some CouchBase we deployed ourselves - however, that meant that the Lambda now had a network interface in a private subnet, and start times skyrocketed, especially for concurrent access. When we also started doing our own authentication with yet another Lambda, request times for cold lambdas (which also means every new concurrent connection, remember) almost doubled. There's also the fact that most of the code isn't really gone, it's just transformed from web server logic to lambda deployment/configuration logic. The biggest win all told seems to be security - at least with Lambda you don't need to worry about staying on top of OS updates and the likes. I'm not at all convinced that we gained much of anything else. Oh, and one thing that's rarely discussed is how much development&qa costs skyrocket when you have a larger team developing a fully serverless application, each with their own setup and running a few performance tests every few months... 10 things Jefferson would have thought about Lincoln! You won't BELIEVE number 7! > composing tiny bits is always good, whether it's unix commands, lisp functions, or forth words The problem with this type of thinking is that "composing tiny bits" is obviously good to anyone. BUT there are vast differences between composing unix commands and composing lisp functions (and composing tiny JS libraries in NPM etc.) and some of these are good, while some are not. It's actually very difficult to properly create a system out of composable, re-usable components. I would actually say that Unix pipes are a particularly bad model of how to do that (as are NPM micro-libraries). No well-defined interfaces, arcane naming etc. - they are all reasons why most modern versions of these tools have grown and grown. There's a wonderful quote about things like this in the Unix Hater's Handbook: > However, since joining this discussion, a lot of Unix supportershave sent me examples of stuff to “prove” how powerful Unix is.These examples have certainly been enough to refresh my memory:they all do something trivial or useless, and they all do so in a veryarcane manner. The problem with this line of thinking is that everything we do in our lives, especially rational thought and communication based on it, pre-supposes some sense of free will. In particular, it is well known that if you don't believe in any degree of free will, the stranger quantum effects (or basically any kind of statistical thinking) can be ignored - if the experiment to be run is itself pre-determined, then hidden variables that correlate the behavior of the experiment with the 'decisions' of the experimenter can't be ruled out anymore. Perhaps more fundamentally, if you believe that there is absolutely no free will, then of course this conversation is essentially pointless, eve though we were forced into it by the big bang. While being low-hanging fruit, these things are also fully irrelevant. If the entire world stopped using them tomorrow, it would barely be a blip on any climate model or ocean pollution model. It's actually due to the undecidability results that there can't be a general algorithm to predict the result of any algorithm. If the problem were merely NP-complete, it would mean that, as far as we know, it would take a very long time to do it, but it would still possible. Well, if you had generics, you could do that. Without generics, you get to either (a) write an efficient method that merges 2 lists of Foos, which is not really package-and-reuse material, or (b) write a horribly inefficient method that merges 2 lists of some interface type, forcing your users to copy their data to new slices every time (since an []x is never an []y). Faced with these 2 wonderful options, most people simply decide to copy or write again the same piece of code... Go's big advantage over other memory managed languages is the very low overhead of its runtime - a hello world Go app is probably less than 5MB on disk with all dependencies, and takes up less than 5 MB of RAM. This is absolutely wonderful if you want an architecture of many independent containerized apps, especially with something like Kubernetes or Docker Swarm. Compared to that, the smallest Java container on the classic Docker repos is about 90MB in size and takes up a few tens of MB RAM. Apparently there is a new Java project [1] floating around that is promising a way to use Java exactly in this use case, but I haven't played around with it. [1]: https://quarkus.io/ If we want to avoid the worse effe ts of climate change, we need to do something at the level of industry, not consumers. As individuals, that means we must focus on political efforts, much more than personal efforts: vote for a 'green' candidate even if you stand to lose from their financial policies; convince your friends to do the same. Call your representatives when green laws are voted on. I'm not saying it's bad to do the small things. But it is bad to assume that if only everyone did the small things, the world would be better without having to do the big things as well - it wouldn't. As long as industry continues to be as wasteful as it is, as long as we continue to transport goods over the huge distances that we do, as long as we still grow the huge amounts of animals that go to waste, we are heading for catastrophe regardless of our everyone's individual actions. That could work, but it is painfully slow,and it might as well backfire - making people live worse lives so that they might be politically motivated to make industry take some of the brunt is not an obvious next step. Also, any reasonable changes to your personal buying behavior, and absolutely everyone on the planet's as well, assuming 0 changes in, say, industrial fishing dumping practices, will produce about a 0% change in ocean plastic pollution. I know Go encourages copying code, but that is a well known anti-pattern in all other language communities,one of the few with some research behind it (as someone else mentioned, basically the only quantitative science we have on software engineering says that more code implies more bugs). The idea of []Eq sounds nice, but again, the problem is that I can't pass an []X to a function that wants an []Eq, I need to build a new array and copy all my elements over. This is correct from the type-theory point of view (as slices are not covariant) , but of course Go doesn't offer anything else that would be more user friendly and still correct, such as a covariant read-only slice that we could use instead. Hey, I said 'over other memory managed languages'! I really wouldn't compare it to one of the tiniest languages this side of asm. I also think Forth would be a harder sell in a corporation than Go. Or C++. Or ASM, probably. > Heck, the author praises Rust and it's memory safety, but then proceeds to criticise Rust compiler because, as he puts it, the compiler will stop you from doing unsafe studf again and again. Isn't that the whole point? Or is anyone expecting that your memory corruption problems will magically cease because you write your same old memory allocation and access bugs in Rust instead of C or C++? I think the biggest problem with advanced type systems and complex compiler checks is that they are only desirable when you know the code you're writing is the the right one. A lot of the time, you're exploring a solution and don't care about edge cases, since you're not sure you've even found the right happy path. At this stage, you don't really care if your code is handling all required inputs, if it doesn't have leaks etc. - you just want to run it and see whether it at least sometimes produces the right output. At this stage, you're often fighting the compiler. Once you know that you're on a good path, then you start caring about safety and all the other bits, and the compiler starts becoming a trusted friend. It would be really interesting to have a system that supported both modes, e.g. starting from Rust but setting a flag to turn borrow checker errors into warnings or something similar. I'd bet that would change many people's perspectives, like the author of this article. I don't have a problem with strong types, I agree with you. Dynamic types are usually too much hassle even for prototypes. I was talking more about stuff like Rust's borrow checker or dependent type systems. I never said anything about a release - I'm not even thinking about code you would commit. I'm talking about the kind of coding where you're exploring a new feature on your own machine - essentially doodling in an IDE instead of on paper. It makes no sense to me to make such code 'correct' - I don't even know if its useful to any extent, why would I care about its correctness? What exactly is crazy in the GDPR? To me it seems like minimal common sense: If you are collecting data about me for your own profit, you should ask me if I'm OK with it before collecting it and you should be responsible with how you are storing it. To have any hope of enforcing this, I should have a right to ask you what data you hold about me and I should be able to withdraw consent if I no longer like your practices. Businesses that only make sense financially if they can gobble up user data without their consent and sell it to third parties should not exist, just as businesses that can only work financially by not paying their workers should not exist. What of this is crazy? I can't comment on the parts about psychiatry and recreational drug use. However, machine learning and other AI technologies have nothing to do with the study and understanding of the human mind at this point, beyond a very vague metaphor. While in theory AI could have been explored as a science, trying perhaps to simulate human or animal thought processes in hopes of understanding them and perhaps coming up with useful abstractions that could help us reason about them, the field has never really evolved in that direction. At Apple's level, they're probably only concerned with these amounts like that famous government spending admonition - I understand it's just a billion dollars, but a billion here, a billion there, soon we'll start talking about real money. Minor nitpick: URLs do tend to be used with the larger scope first (i.e. /resource/child/subchild). Domain names are the odd exception. The only science we have at the moment whose area of expertise covers this issue relevantly is the somewhat dubious social science, which has been researching the issue and has some amount of consensus on it. Is true that the social sciences are relatively weak compared to things like physics and even biology. But that doesn't mean we should wait for the physics community to reach a consensus on transgenderism, any more than we should wait for the biology or neuroscience communities. It's a separate area of knowledge that we just don't understand yet enough to have the amount of rigour about that we expect from physics. That doesn't mean that our attempts in this direction don't qualify as science,or that the consensus of the social science community can't be called scientific consensus. Yes, but the range of what 'static typing' means is so large that it is meaningless in this case. C is statically typed, and so are Java and OCaml. So is Idris. Of these, only Idris' type system has any power to model truly interesting properties (though the cost of doing so, in program complexity, is huge). Otherwise, even something as simple as rejecting `add(x, y) return x - y;` as a well typed function is beyond all of the others. No, I'm saying that there is no way to encode even such a simple property as 'addition of two numbers produces a bigger number' in the type systems of most languages out there (including stuff like the ML family), which is probably why (non-dpendent/linear/other advanced) type systems have never been shown to improve program correctness the way other formal techniques have. Even simple type systems help in other ways (ease of development, documentation, performance). Well, not ones as efficient as the one showed here, since those can't be expressed in the language as it currently stands. There is a misunderstanding here: the 'COPY FROM ... PROGRAM' command, according to both the vulnerability and the postgres article, only allows running commands as the OS user running the server process, NOT a superuser (also, Postgres won't start if you try to start it as root). The confusion probably comes from the notion of a 'database superuser' - the point is that any DB user with enough privileges to run COPY FROM ... PROGRAM can also do anything else in the DB, so they are already considered a DB superuser. Quote from the article : > By design, there exists no security boundary between a database superuser and the operating system user the server runs under. As such, by design the PostgreSQL server is not allowed to run as an operating system superuser (e.g. "root"). Well, I was right, there was a misunderstanding - on my part, obviously. Basically, you were discussing a mechanism for allowing non-admin DB users to safely run COPY FROM... PROGRAM? Wait, you're actually serious? This is the man who tweeted 'covfefe' you're talking about... A sentence must have a subject and a predicate, and a verb in the infitive form can't be a predicate (it's usually going to be some kind of complement). 'Fix the bug' is usually taken to be a sentence describing what you meant the commit to do, which is why the imperative is the more likely interpretation. It is completely unreasonable - people are allowed to have dual citizenships, sometimes even by birth. And of course you can follow two sets of laws at once - for example, fundamentalist Christians strive to follow biblical laws and local laws all the time. There may be occasional contradictions, but it's hardly a common problem. It's just so hard to imagine, at least in the current version of the world, a problem for which a distributed trust algorithm is the right solution, instead of a centralized one, probably state-owned if high levels of trust are needed. This is especially true given the advantages that a trusted authority has over blind consensus (e.g. the ability to revert fraudulent transactions). > "heavily leverage parallelism, yet completely hide it"? lazy evaluation? This sound like functional languages. I agree with your general comment, but this statement seems a bit optimistic on the functional languages side. Lazy-evaluation? Haskell does it, but most other functional languages don't. Heavily leverage parallelism but hide it - this is often touted as an advantage of pure functional languages, but from what I've heard, in practice it has never panned out, at least if I'm interpreting it correctly as automatic parallelization. Turns out, while the compiler can prove it would be safe to do so, a lot of the time it would massively hurt performance, and the compiler can't tell when that is the case or not. So, even in a language like Haskell, you still have to explicitly parallelize code, think about chunking etc. And if we stray from pure parallelism and into concurrency, all of the problems of having to do explicit synchronization come back, you just have less to worry about with no(/less) shared state. Funny thing, one langauge that does 'leverage parallelism, but hide it' is x86_64 assembly, where the processor automatically executes (parts of) assembly instructions in parallel, based on data dependencies and available compute ports. Except that you don't have any solution for preventing squatting or other kinds of domain abuse. By design, they place this system above the court system. I'm pretty sure this is only appealing to some kind of anarcho-technologists. Well, an example would be the US in the 50s,60s and 70s. What do you mean by a white list? The connections are coming from local host (from your browser). The fact that they were initiated by code which was downloaded from malware.com is not knowable to docker. How is a completely free market insulated from the influence of marketing/advertising? They are very effective techniques for convincing buyers to choose non-optimal products, and work exceedingly well in that regard. I also think you would find it very hard to point at an example of a working free market that has not devolved into an oligopoly, with no govrnment support at all; nevermind one that has produced large-scale wealth. CORS applies only to JS code - sites can still issue cross-origin GETs and POSTs via HTML, using Forms for example. Not sure whether there is enough control on the format to actually issue a valid Docker request. Still, it's generally a pretty bad idea to have an unauthenticated service running on localhost which can perform arbitrary operations on the system - you're depending on all other software running on the system not to transform that into a vulnerability. What you're saying sounds nice, but it seems to come from a world before Spectre, Meltdown, and all the new discoveries since. These have basically shown that it is impossible to build this sandbox on the modern processors that everybody uses from desktops to cloud data centers. Instead, the only way of having a performant, secure system today is to disable hardware mitigations and ensure you only run trusted software, the opposite of your proposal. The sandbox still helps for other issues (e.g. buffer overflows). Thanks for the link, but it mostly disproves your dismissive attitude: according to the report, posts generated by accounts controller by the Russian company reached 29 million people on Facebook alone (and " may have reached an estimated 126 million people."), with hundreds of thousands of direct followers for several individual accounts. That is not nothing. Isn't C++ committee-driven, which could be considered a type of democratic process? Or would that not be considered an open-source project? On that note, I also seem to remember that LLVM/Clang are pretty democratic, but I haven't dug deeply and may be completely wrong. That's still years after it was pointed out as a problem; and it still hasn't permeated to many Go projects. MongoDB was already AGPL, but that didn't suffice. Amazon simply took the free version of MongoDB, as is, deployed it on its systems in a scalable way, and sold that to customers. They gave the code for MongoDB away, per the terms of the AGPL. Hence, the need for a new license. However, they seem to have kept the deployment infrastructure as a trade secret, and since that didn't interact directly with MongoDB's interfaces, it șes that it really didn't come under the scope of the AGPL. Paper voting is pretty effective at preventing mass election hacking. Software can never prevent mass election hacking, as hardware can always deliberetly miss-implement your algorithm. I'm also curious what is supposed to happen if you go check, and your vote doesn't match. Sure, the government investigates, but, a, why would you trust the government, and b, why would they trust that you weren't simply paid to cast doubt on the election? The point is that those events, in the context of Christian thought, are seen as good - their god is telling his people to clear some unbelievers. Christian dogma maintains that their god and his commandments are fundamentally moral, that they are the very base for objective morality. In Christian thought, by definition, anything that their god wanted to happen is good. Norse religions, on the other hand, make no such claims about their gods. Within the context of Norse beliefs and religious moraloty, Odin has done evil things, Loki has done evil things, etc. That is why, within their own system of beliefs, the gods are morally ambiguous. Well, to be honest, the free press is often its own source of misinformation, often simply parroting the government / big business position, for a variety of reasons - since way before stuff like Fox or Breitbart. There is sadly no simple answer to the problem of obtaining The Truth... It probably depends on the kind of software more than the industry, but in my experience, the unhappy path is usually 'bubble up until you get to some user input', with some careful use of destructors/dispose to undo some complex operations. Exceptions cover this in the best way, since, unlike monads, they actually give you a pretty accurate idea of where the code was when the error happened,whule still playing very nicely with pure functions in the callstack ( which don't have to start adding error handling/logging logic simply because callbacks they use may fail). My understanding is that on Desktops, the default is for Sleep to do 'Hybrid Sleep' - prepare for a hibernate, but sleep instead; if you have a power failure while the computer is sleeping, you should see it waking from. The hibernate when you turn back on, instead of booting from scratch. I know that this was the case at some point when I checked during the Windows 8 years, I don't know if this is still true. In practice, the vast majority of docker containers are Linux containers, so most uses of docker for windows need a Linux kernel to do anything useful. As such, the 'native' docker for windows you linked is actually managing a Linux VM (HyperV or VBox) fot you; the docker server runs on that VM, and the native docker windows binary simply connects to that server. They also do a lot of tricks to connect networking and file shares with that VM. The file shares part is almost completely non-working in my experience, with scary comments in the bugs like 'doesn't work if your windows password contains certain characters' (it sets up CIFS shares between the Linux VM and some parts of your Windows file system). So, not sure what docker for Mac looks like, but Docker For Windows is only 'native' in a very hand-wavy sort of way, unless (maybe) if you're running Windows docker containers. There are costs, and they go up significantly the more sophisticated your type system is/the more speicifc you try to be with your types. The way I see it there are two kinds of costs type systems may impose. Very simplistic type systems, such as the ones in C, Go, and even C++, Java, C#, often force you to write code that is too specific, thus forcing duplication (C and Go especially suffer terribly from not having generics - in Go especially its impossible to write a well typed function that can be passed an array of any kind and return an element of that array). On the other hand, of your type system is powerful enough, you still get a similar problem when trying to write code that is abstract enough to be reusable, but specific enough to be safe. For example, if you were writing code for a physical simulation system, you would want to have all quantities carry their measurement unit in their type, to avoid mismatches. However, you wouldn't want to rewrite maths code for each measurement unit. However, to properly keep track of types in complex maths code gets pretty ugly pretty quickly. For example, a function that wants to compute the scalar product of 2 2-dimensional vectors would only work if the first values of each vector have the same/convertible units as the second pair, in any order (m,s dot s,m should be ok). If you move to matrix multiplication, the types become even more complicated, and this is still very basic algebra. If you want your function to be applicable to arbitrary matrix sizes you're already writing a complex library. Passing dependencies in the constructor is the only acceptable way of having stateful dependencies (like a database or some external services). I am assuming you are against passing things like Math libraries by creating an instance, which I would agree with. The only reason dependency injection gets a bad rep is magical frameworks which obscure the actual wiring and end up causing bigger problems. I don't think I've ever seen unit tests that didn't need to be changed fundamentally to deal with any sort of refactoring more complex than extracting a function. Unit tests are supposed to work with the internals of a module and not just its boundaries. Since refactoring normally tries to significantly change the internals without changing the boundary, it usually also results in a rewrite of the unit tests. Integration tests are the ones that usually help me sleep better after a refactor. To be honest, when you install Visual Studio or IntelliJ, you have all you need to develop code in the language you chose, with 0 extra customization. Of course, some amount of extra customization will usually follow, but that can come after you are more confident with the environment. The same is definitely not true for VSCode, Emacs or vim, though perhaps bundles like portacle can offer a similar experience. I say this as an Emacs & IntelliJ user. Then how would you handle connection pooling, if every class which interacts with the database has its own instance of the database client? Doesn't that just beg the question? If life originated on some other planet and made it to Earth, why did only the DNA-based lifeform(s) make it here? If we assume that different kinds of life based on different nucleic acids can co-exist, then it seems unlikely that a single kind would have happened to be carried to Earth by a natural process. If we assume DNA has some inherent fitness advantage (so that only DNA-based life survived the journey), than we don't need the additional assumption of panspermia: perhaps only the DNA-based life survived some early period in Earth's history. Also, for abiogenesis, given that we still can't reliably reproduce something like that, and that we have never seen new kinds of life spontaneously appearing on Earth, we do have some circumstantial evidence for the possibility that it is an incredibly unlikely event, such that it might have only happened once in Earth's history. Edit: There is also another simple possibility: perhaps given the resources available on Earth, either forever or in the period where abiogenesis was possible, perhaps DNA(+RNA) is the only molecule with the right properties to act as genetic material. Perhaps there is no common ancestor to all life on Earth, but a "forest" of inter-breeding, spotnaneously arisen original organisms, but they were all DNA/RNA-based simply because of the available resources. > EM fields are just about everywhere. They permeate space almost as universally as gravity Isn't dark matter most likely some kind of material that has mass, but no EM interaction? We also know that there are interactions inside atoms (the strong and weak forces) that have no known relation to electro-magnetism, so I'm not sure what you are getting at. Honest question: aren't radio waves "physical objects" that represent oscillations of an electro-magnetic field, to the best of our current understanding? Sharing Excel sheets is extremely easy - you just mail them, or host them in some online place, like SharePoint if you've bought into the whole MS ecosystem like many companies do. Not sure what your point is there. Versioning is of course more difficult, though Excel does support diffing in principle. I expect though that what most people end up doing is simply keeping track of versions manually, same as they would have in the days before excel. Sure, Michael Phelps is extremely talented and physically fit. But do you think he could be an excellent marathonist as well? Or that he could become an excellent sprinter without training for sprinting every single day and (re-) dedicating his life to this? The GP post indicated was mentioning not that raw talent is unimportant, but that it is assumed at the top level. All of Phelps' competitors are extremely talented swimmers. Training and diet and dedication in general are also extremely important, and the final difference may well end up being there (assuming you have enough raw talent). Of course, it is also important to remember the incredible amount of medical technology thrown at these competitors, and the difference that things like clothing can make even for swimming. Why would you need cold fusion? Simply net-positive energy output from a (hot) fusion reactor would do the trick. Of course, there is a risk there that we will hit some fundamental efficiency limitation that simply makes it not worth it. But st least it's not known to be a physical impossibility, like cold fusion is believed to be. In fact, more than cold fusion, I think there is a reason to hope for warm superconductors at some point in the future. My understanding was that some kind of wave-particle dualism was well accepted. It's exact physical meaning may not be understood, but isn't there experimental evidence that photons, even individual ones, behave as waves in some circumstances (as does as any other 'particle', in fact)? I've seen this dualism claimed pretty recently by Leonard Susskind. Sure, they are both, but my point was - if they have wave-like characteristics, they must be a wave of/in something ; if we can have experimental evidence that the wave exists, I would consider that experimental evidence that the field the wave is a wave of must also exist, to the same extent. > In any kind of correct code, the difference between a move and a copy is only performance. If a copy were to happen where a move was requested then the code is just as correct, so I find it strange to get so hung up on it not being “real”. That's just not true when you take smart pointers into account. unique_ptr is pretty obvious, since it can't be copied. But shared_ptr is more devious, as there is a clear semantic difference between giving someone a copy of your shared_ptr vs moving your copy to them. And, given that destructors are often used for more than simple resource cleanup (e.g. they are sometimes used for releasing locks), the difference between a move and a copy can have a huge impact on program behavior. > In the case of your safety check example, it'd be nice if you could mention something concrete so we know exactly what situation you're talking about. There are some well-publicised cases of compilers removing NULL-checks[0] on the assumption that the NULL value can't occur as it would be UB. As another example, the Linux kernel assumes in several places that signed integer overflow wraps, so it is compiling with -f-no-strict-overflow/-fwrapv ever since GCC started optimizing based on this piece of UB (they noticed the compiler behavior change and added the flags before releasing any faulty kernels though, apparently). [0] https://lwn.net/Articles/342330/ But that is exactly how error handling usually works, especially if cleanup is handled separately - you just need to propagate the errors, usually all the way up to the user, who is the only one who can take a meaningful decision. Almost all actual error handling in code is either error translation and re-throw, resource cleanup, or automatic retries (sometimes you retry the same request, sometimes you try a fallback option, but it's still the same idea). The user however may be able to check and actually fix their internet connection, they may fix the typo they did in the config file, they may call support to see what's happening to the database etc. - your program can't do any of these things. That's why exceptions work so well in most languages, especially GC languages where you have dramatically fewer resources to cleanup: they bubble up automatically towards the initial caller, which is often the user. Threading messes with this, but if you use the more modern async style (async/await in most languages) you get proper exception propagation even then. How often do you actually need to handle those errors differently? In my experience, it is vastly more likely that a function which can throw errors in Java looks like this: Stuff foo() throws SameException { return doOtherStuff(doStuff()) } Whereas in Go the exact same function must be written like this: func foo() (Stuff, SameException) { thing1, err := doStuff() if err != nil { return err } thing2, err := doOtherStuff(thing1) if err != nil { return err } } Propagating is by far the most common "error handling" and Go constantly makes you break the flow of the code to do it. The difference with catch blocks in Java, C++ or Python is that you only need to write them when you actually have something g meaningful to do. If you only need to propagate the error or cleanup resources then propagate the error, then all you would write is... Nothing. And cleanup+propagation is by far the most common error handling strategy. In Java and Python exceptions even add context for you automatically to help track down what happened. Go the language is surprisingly complex and error prone compared to other GC languages because of its decision to allow explicit references. This adds an extra layer of semantics to nearly every aspect of the language. For example, the semantics of the for-over-collection statement in Java are that it repeats the block of code, with the loop variable holding each value of the collection in turn. In Go, the equivalent statement also needs to document what it means to take the reference to the loop variable. Composite data types have semantics for taking references to sub-parts (struct and arrays/slices allow taking references, maps do not). Slices and arrays are another complicated area of the language, with gotchas like append sometimes modifying the original array, sometimes not. Regarding splits, you still have that in Go as well - do you use goroutines as coroutines, sending copies of objects through channels? Or do you use them as threads, with shared memory and locking? Do you use the testing package as is, with its lack of any user-friendly asserts? Or do you pick up an assertion library? Do you use raw http,or something la Gorilla? Sql or some ORM? Do you log to stdout, or do you pick up a logging library? Regarding gofmt, I personally can't understand the passion some people have for enforcing a common style. Regarding build tools, Go is hardly unique among modern languages in having built-in tooling for that. It's relative ease of deployment also means that Go's build tools can't be used alone in a multi-language project, so many of the apparent simplicity is only useful in a subset of projects that actually use only Go. Even then, if you have any other build artifacts you may find you need to reach for something other than Go's tooling. By comparison, Maven can easily handle a Java+minor bits-in-other-languages project out-of-the-box. Not to mention that Go is probably the only language in any kind of popular use today that doesn't have a built-in way to interface with C code (you need to use a separate compiler if you want that!). To me, Go has a single killer feature: binary and memory size for a GC language. And Java may be catching up on that area... The fact that you need to add context to errors usually exacerbates the problem and makes it even harder to read the code. You often end up with err = doThing() if err! = nil { return errors.New("Error doing thing", err) } This doesn't add any useful information for whoever is reading the code, it's just boilerplate that you learn to skip while reviewing, while hopefully not missing any important thing that does happen on the error path. As for 'programming with the error', I would like to see an actual use case for constantly doing this, and why exceptions would prevent that pattern. The only one I can remember is something highlighted as a 'good practice' by Rob himself: write everything you want to a bufio.Writer, without checking the error messages, and then calling Flush and only then checking if maybe something failed. If this is good, safe, sad-path-first, errors-are-values style... then my taste in programming is obviously bad. Obviously, the same could be achieved with exceptions. Oops, I forgot if errors.New takes the 'cause' as well. Regarding you example: the code itself still contains redundant information for someone reading it. True, the error ends up being nicer, though I would argue that the user would have been better served with a simple 'failed to load template file: /tmp/test.tpl', no need to show the pseudo call stack (so, only the fictional template loader should have been wrapping the error,for this particular case). And for a developer, the full call stack may be more useful. Exceptions would give you both for free - a nice message that can be shared to the user by whoever caused the most understandable error, and a call stack that can be logged at the upper layer so developers can see it if a bug is logged, and get a much fuller context. Java also makes you handle every possible error condition, unless of course you chose to use an escape hatch. Rust allows the same. By the way, Go is much happier to crash than Java - for example, a simple array index out of range will cause a program crash in a typical Go program, where it would only cause a request failure in a typical Java program. Not sure how Rust handles this. Finally, choose that isn't tested (manually or automatically) is very unlikely to work. Maybe you can guarantee it doesn't crash, which is a much weaker guarantee, but I doubt even fully proven code (like seL4) is all bug-free before ever being run. You could also write the first function body as Stuff thing1 = doStuff() return doOtherStuff(thung1) It's still easier to read without the explicit error handling. > It's true that having value types in addition to reference types (while other GC languages often only have reference types) adds some complexity to the language, it's not much and it's still much less complex and error prone than other GC languages. Also, C# has value types and Java desperately wants them, so I think it's pretty clear that they're worth the extra bit of complexity. My point was not about value types, but about taking the address of some thing; neither C# (except the extremely rarely used `unsafe` subset) nor planned versions of Java have this ability. To be fair though, C# does have something somewhat equivalent - lambdas may capture a local variable such as a loop variable, in which case you do need to know if each iteration creates a new variable or changes the value of the same variable. Java doesn't allow this at all. Even in C#, you can't capture a part of a structure, so the complexity is more limited. There are other aspects to Go's complexity as a language - multiple syntaxes for declaring a variable, multiple other ways of declaring constants, iota, named return variables, function scope VS local scope, the limits of what can constitute a map key, what kind of structs can be compared for equality,special syntax that looks like multiple assignment but isn't, and probably others. My point is that Go is not a very simple or consistent language. Java for example is still simpler. C# is more complex, but more consistent. > I don't see why every language should have a build tool that can build it + small bits of other languages. A build tool should build that language well, and extend it for bigger projects using a wrapper tool like Make or Bazel depending on use case. Unix philosophy and all that. The reason is tracking dependencies. If I have a pure Go project, I can rely entirely on modules to manage my dependencies. If I need one python package, I now need to find a new tool to declare my dependency and orchestrate things. With Maven, for example, I can just export the python package as a Maven module and keep using Maven for my entire build. To me, a dependency management system that is strictly language specific is only useful as a starter tool - almost certainly, once you are working on a real project, you will drop that tool entirely and have to use soemthing else, as dependencies are a cross-language problem. That said, it is nice to have a dependency tool available as you're getting your feet wet, so I shouldn't really be complaining that Go offers this. > Every language (even C++) needs another compiler to compile C code before it can be called into. And once it's compiled, it's no more difficult to call into it from Go than from Java or C# or Python or etc. First of all, I must admit that I was wrong about how Go handles CFFI. I was under the wrong impression that cgo is an alternative to the standard go compiler, and that you have to build your program with cgo instead of go build in order to be able to link to C code. Since I now understand that cgo is simply a tool to generate the necessary boilerplate to interoperate C and Go, you're right, it's actually much nicer than what Java or Pyhton offer. Note, I am aware that you need a C compiler to build your C code; I just thought that there are 2 Go compilers, one for pure Go, and a different one for Go plus dynamic linking to C. C# is still simpler, since it doesn't need any external tool or C compiler - you simply declare the C# headers for the C functions you want to invoke, and annotate them to declare the shared library they should be searched in, and the CLR handles the glue for you. --- There were a few other points, like gofmt where we simply have different experiences and I don't think it's productive to argue. There are others where I had misunderstood you as claiming Go is especially good at, and I understand your point was simply that it checks those boxes, which I agree with. So how did Rust handle the case of a function that may return an error or nothing? Can you forget to check the error, or does it force you to explicitly handle it in some way? I understand how Result forces you to handle the possibility of an error when you want to access the actual return value, but I don't know what happens if you aren't planning on accessing the return. I'm also curious how Result-based error handling composes. For example, if I want to sort a list of structs where my comparison function may fail, can I use the built-in sort function, and still get any error that may have occurred back? With (unchecked) exceptions, this is trivially easy - the sort() function doesn't need to be aware of exceptions in order for them to be propagated through it. With checked exceptions in Java, you need to go through a little dance of wrapping and unwrapping, but it can still be done. If I understand correctly, in Haskell this can be done with the Either monad and liftM, though I can't claim to understand the specifics. Is there a Rust solution? Given our disastrous track record with any sort of environmental engineering, I don't think this is a good pandora's box to open. Also, any plausible form of geoengineering still requires carbon emissions to be reduced to 0 as soon as possible. Since that is known to be within our technical capacities, and known to be safe, it still seems like the first step that we must dedicate our energies to. > What it boils down to for me is which side do you want to win? Being fair and impartial doesn't mean considering that both of the nations are the same and the outcome will be the same if either side wins, with only a different name and flag for the victor. Your argument makes sense, but it starts with a very flawed assumption: that Iran wants to dominate the world. The reality accepted by everyone except the US and its few allies on this issue is that Iran is an extremely defensive country. The current regime, and the country in general, feels threatened in the region, being generally sorrounded by belligerent hostile countries, with the backing of the US (Saudi Arabia and Israel being the most powerful and the most belligerent). So, if Iran wins, what will actually happen is that Iran will be left alone to function just like any other non-democratic state. Is the regime bad for its people? Yes. Is it better than being at war? Absolutely. And regarding nuclear weapons, Iran has declared numerous times that it would gladly participate in an agreement, enforced by UN/IANA inspectors, to declare the entire region a nuclear-free area. Israel is blocking any such agreement. Iran has entered deals with the US and other western countries to renounce its nuclear weapons program in exchange for lifting the embargo and other kinds of help. The US has backed up from these deals twice now. The second time, they have not even claimed to have any evidence that Iran is not respecting the deal; and the other parties to the agreement, like the entire rest of 'the West' have in fact remained in the deal, as has Iran, despite the new US sanctions (deemed illegal by the UN). As others have mentioned, this would be true only if by 'liberal' you understand 'in full agreement with US policy'. The most relevant example is actually Iran: the US and UK orchestrated a coup to get rid of the last democratic regime in Iran and reinstall the militaristic, authoritarian Shah. They have done the same or similar in a lot of South America, starting well before the world wars. That is not to say that they are unique in this - it is how all empires operate. My point is only that the US is not some idealistic, freedom, democracy, and everything good loving benefactor of the world. It is an empire, one that is quite good to its own people but that ruthlessly pursuits its rational interests abroad. The second deal I was talking about is precisely the current one, the JCPOA, which Iran is abiding according to all objective observers. Iran's most rabid enemy illegally owns nuclear weapons, while the world's greatest super power is helping them hide it. Iran's position makes logical sense, and the best way to ensure they have no reason not to abide by the NPT would be to actually uphold the NPT, not to selectively enforce it against Iran but not the country threatening it. Aren't quantum processors essentially special purpose accelerators, where most of the computation is still done on a classical computer? Shor's algorithm at least looks that way. It's basically for performance reasons, as I understand it, not technical limitations or something like that. There is an explanation in the article - basically, this is done for performance reasons. Especially for large types (e.g. collections) in-equality can short-circuit very quickly, whereas comparison may need to see a large part of the collection before being able to return. The most pathological example is two large arrays of different size, that are element-by-element equal for the first million elements. Equality can return false after seeing the size difference, but needs to reach the millionth-and-1 element before being bale to return a value. The commission was especially concerned because the two operators would be functionally equivalent - so, it would be difficult to rely on testing to make sure the equality operator is also implemented. I'm hoping you're being sarcastic - if so, you're right, the US is becoming more and more transparent in its use of power to simply force countries to do whatever it wants. A lot of advertising money is actually lost from the economy to profit for advertisers, stock buybacks, bonuses for the ultra-rich etc. But advertising is explicitly designed to skew that measure - the purpose of essentially all advertising, and certainly all of Coke/Pepsi's advertising, is to convince people that they need something that they don't need; and to make them appeal to their feelings instead of their rationality when doing purchasing decisions (e.g. by inspiring brand loyalty). Corporate TLS Inspection products rely on each user (or the system administrators) installing the MITM certificate on all corporate systems. Unless users are also installing 'public' root certificates, this is a non-issue. And if users are installing bad root certificates, then a fully closed wifi network will not be very good protection either way. Now, nation states, which may be able to obtain valid PKI certificates for MITM purposes, are a whole other level of adversary. Still, again, anyone who can do that will probably not be deterred by you using a WPA-PSK2 protected Wi-Fi AP. So, overall, I don't see what kind of increased security risk you would be exposing yourself to by using public wifi networks. Yes: all connections. Both those from public WiFi and from secure wired connections and anything else. Point still stands: there is no extra risk form using a public WiFi as long as your traffic is encrypted. Gravity is a major part of the human experience, at least for all humans that live close enough to a celestial body to be forced with their feet to the ground. One look at how astronauts live in space will show you that there is more to the regular human experience than electromagnetism. It would be pretty interesting to imagine what daily life would look like with only the strong and weak forces, true. It's not just memory discipline that is pretty bad (and not just in the OSS world). I've recently seen several newer languages refuse to deal elegantly with low-level errors. For example, in a Java server application, if one request encounters some buggy code that tries to read past the end of an array, that request will fail, but all others will succeed - this will give a good chance for the system to be usable, and getting a good bug request, with system-generated diagnostics, for the buggy requests. However, in Go or Rust, the same scenario panics and kills the entire process by default - turning a potentially minor bug in some obscure part of the system into a system-wide crash. OOM is obviously harder to deal with (e.g. if one request is using too much memory, there's no guarantee that it won't be other requests actually seeing the OOM errors first), so if we don't even want to deal with the easy stuff, how can we hope to deal gracefully with the hard ones? You can't have an anonymous system that simultaneously allows meaningful verification: if there is no way to tie me to my vote in the system, then there is no way for me to prove that my vote was misrepresented to anyone but myself. Even if there were, there is no way for me to prove that my claim about my vote is correct. Even if many people come out claiming that their votes are mis-represented, there is no way to know whether that is a sign of errors/tampering with the system, or a concerted campaign to try to put the election in doubt. Any system which foregoes physical proof of voting as a base for the count, relying instead on after-the-fact verification, is open to this problem. A complex system, whether software or even mechanical, can never match this level of confidence. You're supposed to write correct code in Java as well. The reality is that it doesn't always happen. C doesn't claim to handle the issue at all, and doesn't verify it, which is at least a performance gain. Rust does verify it, but issues an error type that is not guaranteed to be recoverable at all. > Because you're not truly out of o memory at that point. there are still pages that can be evicted. No, you are truly out of RAM at that point - the amount of RAM all processes need exceeds the amount of memory the system has, and the user has indicated that no swapping should be done. Now, if the kernel truly wanted to handle this case gracefully by swapping disk-backed files, I think it should also tell the process scheduler about this, and enter a special mode where only processes whose code is currently resident would be allowed to run, until they hit a hard wait. This might prevent the thrashing behavior in many cases (assuming processes don't interact too much with memory-mapped files). Otherwise, every context switch initiated by the scheduler is likely to cause another page fault event. Have you ever heard of Mondragon? https://en.m.wikipedia.org/wiki/Mondragon_Corporation It's more of less a large co-op and, according to Wikipedia: > It is the tenth-largest Spanish company in terms of asset turnover and the leading business group in the Basque Country. The hypothesis that there is no universal truth is self-defeating. It isn't necessarily wrong, but any deduction you would make from it meaningless, and if you truly choose to believe you should fall into solipsism. You yourself must believe in some universal truths, otherwise you would not attempt to communicate with other beings. So, in order to have any kind of discussion, you must start from a point where you believe that at least a large part of everyday experience (including other beings, their minds, physical objects, their interactions, our observation thereof and many others) exist in a meaningful sense, outside your own cognition. Now, any extrapolation from these base assumptions, is what we should think of as physics. For example, if I assume my eyes exist and my perception of the world is meaningful, then I must also conclude that the moon I see through a telescope exists to the same extent, and it's motion as I observe it exists, and I can search for explanations of that motion etc. If I were to not assume that my eyes perceive something which truly exists, I would have no reason to stand in front of a computer screen, hitting keys on my keyboard and watching the letters appear on the screen - it's possible in a very absolutist way, but it's simply not a productive way of looking at the world. Not really. Almost everyone in the world is producing more than they get payed. The only way to be guaranteed a job is to provide a better productivity/wage ratio than enough of your competitors. Depending on your profession, your competition might be smaller (eg highly specialized mechanics in the area) or huge (eg all low-skilled factory workers in the world). It depends. If I'm trying to sell an object for 5$ but can only sell it for 3, you're right, I've only produced 3$. However, if I'm working for a company and an object I created gets sold by the company for 5$,but the company is paying me 2$ and the salesman 1$,and declaring 2$ worth of profit, then the salesman and I have obviously produced 5$ worth of value together, but were paid 3$ for our work. Any profitable company by definition does exactly this (and nominally un-profitable ones may be doing the same). Air conditions are significantly more complex than road conditions, I would guess - wind direction, temperature differentials, air density may all vary and I imagine they could affect flight characteristics. It's true that you won't encounter pedestrians, and congestion will be much less of a problem initially, but birds are still a major concern.