Hmm. I took a look at the code and was disappointed to see it's using the Coinbase API. Hardly decentralised. Unfortunately it's hard to replace with direct usage of the P2P network because it relies on sending money to an email address: i.e. a trusted third party has to hold the money until the recipient picks it up. What if they never pick it up? What if they don't actually want bitcoins? It seems to me like a decentralised solution would be easy to code up, if only we add an additional requirement: someone who wants a payout should put a Bitcoin address into the pull request or commit description. Then BitHub would be able to make payouts directly from its own wallet with no Coinbase dependency, and a committer has to opt-in to receiving the funds. I might take a look at coding this up soon. BitHub is Java so using bitcoinj and XChange would be very easy. The entire setup was a sham from the start. The reason HSBC didn't deny everything is because publicly being fined and saying nothing about it was the condition on avoiding prosecution. Remember, the PATRIOT Act can give bankers 20 year jail sentences even if they did not know what was happening . Jailing innocent people from crimes committed by basically random other people is absurd and yet that is what Congress has put in place. If your choice, as a banker, was to piss off a government hell-bent on making you a scapegoat and risk going in front of a jury of poor people who hate bankers, charged of violating a law it's impossible not to violate, and which carries a 20 year jail sentence, you would agree to a deal as well. The US allegations were ridiculous anyway. They claimed HSBC "knew" there was money laundering taking place merely because money was moving from Mexico to America. I'm sure HSBC execs, having read newspapers and watched TV, were quite confident there was drug money in that stream. This is quite different to knowing precise account numbers of drug cartels with a high degree of certainty. I don't recall the latter being alleged, however. Whether a country is "high risk" or not is not some well defined standard, it's an entirely subjective opinion. The US Government might have liked to consider Mexico high risk, but they aren't the ones who have to do all the investigative work on every transaction. If you look at the FATF-GATI (international AML org) recommendations, they have their own list of which countries are "high risk" (and Mexico has not been on it lately, as far as I recall). What the USG is saying here is they think HSBC should have been treating internal HSBC-to-HSBC transfers as high risk and reviewing them all. But this doesn't make much sense for a single company. The lack of it certainly cannot be equated to a deliberate "disabling" of controls. With respect to the repair queue, this is due to America's insane approach to sanctions - a transfer from country A to country B where there are no sanctions on B in A, that happens to get routed via a US bank, would have sanctions applied, despite that no laws were being violated by either party to the transaction. In order to work around this brain damage EU banks routinely edited ("repaired") wire transfers to avoid hitting the Great Firewall of America, safe in the knowledge that they were not violating any sanctions laws where they lived. Later, the US decided that jurisdiction was such a bothersome concept they decided that anyone who made a transfer to Iran, anywhere, regardless of local laws at the time, was guilty of money laundering. See also: Standard Charter. I don't think people here seem to realise the general backstory here. The US Government lies all the time . They routinely get innocent people to plead guilty without any kind of trial by threatening them with absurdly over-harsh penalties. The HSBC case is a classic example of this dynamic in action. Which is correct behaviour and what governments all ask banks to do, believe it or not. It's called the "risk based approach" in the AML jargon. The problem with AML laws is that they are so vague, it's impossible to ever really be sure you're in compliance. They turn banks into a privatised police force. How much effort should they make? Governments won't tell. They just say "be sensible about it". Banks hate this, as would you in their position, they want clarity about what to do, but governments don't want to give them a list of boxes to tick because they feel it'd be too slow and inflexible to keep up with criminals. See the problem? Banks invest VAST sums in AML compliance. They develop automated software to spot suspicious transactions, they have massive internal compliance departments, they ID verify all their customers. It's a huge, huge drain (which is passed on to all of us, of course). But how much is enough? As far as the Justice Department is concerned, there can never be enough. Whilst criminals exist, it must mean failures of compliance by banks. DOJ did not drop it because they are too lazy. They were chomping at the bit to prosecute. Go read up on the background to this. DOJ dropped it because the Treasury panicked and got into a massive fight with them. Treasury is responsible for AML laws and know full well how stupid they are - they became very scared that actually enforcing the laws Congress had passed to their full extent would trigger another financial crisis due to an exodus of trained staff. What DOJ wanted to do quite literally is jail CEOs in America for crimes committed by drug dealers in Mexico regardless of whether or not they knew anything about it . If they had succeeded, just imagine the impact that would have had on the finance industry. Under that standard, every single banker in the world would be a criminal facing jail time. Many of them would try to get out of banking as fast as possible, and banks couldn't easily survive massive simultaneous exits of senior staff. No, you keep saying this. There is NO consensus that Mexico is high risk. In fact the consensus is that it isn't. Go look at this list: http://www.fatf-gafi.org/topics/high-riskandnon-cooperativej... The FATF (Financial Action Task Force) co-ordinates AML regulations around the world. Note that Mexico is not on the list. Nor has it been there for a long time. What's more, HSBC classified Mexico as standard risk but this did not override account level risk markers, it just meant they were not attempting to manually investigate every single wire transfer in or out of Mexico, an impossibly vast job. Wire traffic between US and Mexico is vastly larger than between, say, US and Algeria. HSBC did not do anything wrong here. Hmm I've found the latest versions to already start up very fast. What are you comparing against currently? I use command line tools written in Java all the time and don't really notice it. MPS is really amazing (or crazy, depending on your perspective). It's been in development for years and is perhaps best described an IDE for building languages and IDEs. So there's a structural/projectionally edited language for defining structurally/projectionally edited languages (yes really), another one for type systems, another one for converting such languages into other languages. Eventually things compile down to Java (textually) so you can use all the standard libraries and so on. There are even languages for defining IntelliSense style IDE features. The main problem with these kinds of things is the incredibly sharp learning curve. It's more of a learning wall, really. It's a lot of effort to learn, and then it turns out that it's really hard to get in the mindset of defining new languages to solve problems, even when it's been made a lot easier than using yacc/lex/writing your own compiler backend/etc. I never really found a use for it, but I keep it filed away in the back of my mind in case one day I do. But before UNIX there was Symbolics, and Symbolics failed in the market whereas UNIX succeeded. That's not an "exploit", that's just how all these services work. For a large service there really isn't a good way to implement private set intersection as would be required for this - all the techniques that might work are deep into academic-paper-only territory, forget about finding a convenient open source implementation lying around on github, let alone a mature one. The other one, bulk registration of accounts, is also not an exploit using any conventional definition of the word. I spent years fighting bulk account signup abuse at Google. When we failed it was not an exploit in our system, because that implies you can provide some kind of cast-iron security guarantees on par with cryptography; you can't, all you can do is rate limit and try to detect bogus accounts. It's like finding a way to send spam and calling it an exploit. The poor crypto is disappointing but hardly unique: the field of crypto in general has given people poor tools to work with. Things like NaCL are barely known where as lower level primitives are supported out of the box by basically every OS/platform out there, with little or no guidance on the best way to use them. Why would you do that vs just writing a normal downloadable app? It's got nothing to do with fraud checks. Transfers take days because banks largely run on mainframes programmed in the 1970s. Because of the (by todays standards) peculiar designs those machines had, the bulk of the work is done at night in batch jobs. The vast size and complexity of the software, combined with archaic platforms, their business-critical nature, and almost total absence of competition means that banks don't upgrade to more modern systems unless forced (see the UK same day payments initiative). Then the banking network is not a perfectly connected system so sometimes payments must be routed via intermediate banks. That's why it can end up taking days. It isn't designed to deflate. That's a common misconception: http://bitcoin.org/en/faq#wont-bitcoin-fall-in-a-deflationar... The two cannot really be unentwined, especially not now. Which of the four "requirements" are precise enough to realistically be laws? They appear to boil down to opinions of some random people on a committee, that's why they contain language like "Google did not do enough" - well, what would be enough? Every single Google account holder was emailed in the runup to the change and there were banners on all the websites for weeks or longer, if I remember correctly. The notification effort was huge. One of the points of the new Google privacy policy was to be simple and unified, so you actually could read it. Before that there was a different policy for each service, and they were often long, which practically guaranteed nobody could read them all. CNIL doesn't even deny that the new policy was a good thing but they levied a fine anyway! Script is not mentioned at all in the Bitcoin white paper. Perhaps you are thinking of a comment he made elsewhere. Bear in mind that in the Bitcoin design it's not just miners who have to run scripts, it's all nodes, yet fees accrue only to the miners. Bitcoin does use fees to try and make computationally expensive transactions financially expensive as well, but that's just a basic antiflood mechanism, the fees don't actually get collected by those doing the work. Doesn't work for me unfortunately, I see no textures and a lot of errors like this: WebGL: INVALID_VALUE: texImage2D: width or height out of range [.WebGLRenderingContext]RENDER WARNING: texture bound to texture unit 0 is not renderable. It maybe non-power-of-2 and have incompatible texture filtering or is not 'texture complete' This is on a retina MacBook Pro. I guess there's some hw incompatibility there. Chrome 32. Globe texture shows up in Firefox though it's a little choppy. Other feedback: I suspect there aren't really tons of transactions being relayed out of costa rica - is this possibly the origin point on your globe model or something? Are you filtering out transactions with no geocodable IP? Really cool visualisation anyway. Like it! The whole point of Bitcoin is that you don't need to trust third parties with your money. Pointing out that people who choose to give their coins to a third party might lose them seems trivial - yes, financial institutions collapse (if you can call something like flexcoin an institution), and yes, regulation and deposit insurance can help address that. Who was arguing otherwise? The arguments for Bitcoin are that you don't / shouldn't need anything like Flexcoin in the first place. Apparently though, some people end up buying Bitcoins and then not storing them in their own wallets, ensuring they get the worst of all worlds - no low-trust technology and no government bailouts. Their money is in banks. The existing financial system is much better at protecting peoples money from extortion and kidnapping than Bitcoin is: you can either request money in cash (and get arrested the moment you try and pick it up), or you can request a wire transfer to an account you had to give a passport to open up and where the transactions can be rolled back at any time. The fear is that it's not actually safe to be rich in Bitcoin at the moment. In theory, this can be resolved through the use of tamper-resistant secure hardware (like the chips used in credit cards): you put your bitcoins under the control of such a device and then it's programmed to only allow small "cash" withdrawals to unauthenticated addresses, and it does risk analysis and requires authenticated addresses for everything else. But no such devices exist yet. HTML5 was supposed to be the answer when the iPhone 1 was first announced. It still sucks many years later. Draw your own conclusions .... I think the issue is not so much that a scary adversary could simultaneously hack Twitter, GitHub, etc - that seems hard. The real problem is that all these services will, in the default configuration (no 2-factor auth), perform password resets via your email account. Thus if you succeed in hacking someone's mail account you can take control of their other accounts and go ahead and verify a new keybase profile. Unfortunately there's no way to know externally if someone uses 2-factor, so it's hard to judge how meaningful a Keybase profile really is. The mitigating factors here are: 1) Most "good" services at least those used by the tech geek community do support 2SV these days, which would raise the bar somewhat for people who use it, although I suspect several of those services will still unlock 2SV for you if you say you lost your second factor and know enough about the account (Google does). 2) Someone would obviously notice that their passwords had all been reset and could sound the alarm. But in practice, I think this feels like not much different to just verifying ownership of an email address, which is what CA's already do (and there are PGP CA's if you don't want to use X.509). Comodo will do it for free, it's integrated with the browser via the HTML5 keygen tag, and it takes just a couple of minutes. Are you suggesting US law requires companies to aggressively try and poach each others staff? That would be remarkable and amazing if so. What if you aren't particularly interested in staffing a large recruiting division, and don't cold-call anyone? What if you think cold-calling is like spam and just feel it's not something your company should do? Do you get in trouble for holding down wages? Er, did you read the email? Brin explicitly says they have people working on Firefox and were thinking of making a modified version of it, but hadn't made the final call yet. Venmo is unavailable outside the USA (or at least, it's not available in my area). Splitwise appears to be just a web2.0 accounting type app? I didn't see any mention of actually moving money around. Bitcoin isn't actually that great for splitting bills at the moment because wallets don't have Splitwise type features. But in theory once added it should be quite convenient, assuming you can tolerate the usual Bitcoin downsides. I think you're right that currently there's not a whole lot of incentive for people to use Bitcoin in the USA, especially for local transactions. But the system is still very new. It's hard to know how things will work out in future. All we do know is that the payments market, especially the American payments market, is extremely stagnant. The USA is stuck in a timewarp from most of the worlds perspective despite a proliferation of little startups that try and do something hip with magstripe cards. I mean, this is a country where people still routinely use cheques. So it may well be that Bitcoin, as it matures and adds features, finds a way to be competitive against credit cards, especially now the rules forbidding price differentials are being struck down. The IRS decision is a problem for sure, but it's also specific to one geography. The UK tax authority decided the same thing (Bitcoin is not a currency) and then changed their mind shortly afterwards. Bitcoin quite clearly IS currency by any reasonable definition that doesn't boil down to "a currency is whatever the government says a currency is", and so hopefully at some point the IRS decision would be changed in favour of common sense. Why don't you just .... use Bitcoin Core. Or bitcoinj, or any API that doesn't rely on third party infrastructure? The OP was complaining that blockchain.info has outages (which it does), so there's one reason. But more generally, the whole point of Bitcoin is you don't have to rely on trusted third parties. You might as well say, "the bank can't really try to gamble with your money, it'd ruin its business". But it happens! Now block explorer sites can't gamble with your money, but they can do plenty of other things. The assumption that they won't do problematic things because it'd hurt their business is just as weak. E.g. what happens if they start charging you fees? But more generally I wonder why people are doing this. If your app really needs indexed access to the entire block chain, you probably designed it wrong. If your app doesn't, then you could as well use local software. In Java 8 the JVM knows how to compile AES straight through to AES-NI invocations, so the CPU itself is doing the hardware accelerated crypto (in constant time). It's not necessarily the case that higher level languages have to be unsafer: especially not on something like a server where the overhead of JIT compilers get amortized out. I wrote an article called, "Why you think the PKI sucks but can't do any better" that goes over every single proposed alternative to it and explains why none of them work: https://medium.com/p/d04ea6a2c771 It's also got links to various security usability studies that are required reading for anyone who cares about this space. tl;dr - the article is dumb, heartbleed doesn't even have anything to do with X.509. Yes, that's because browsers don't want to put security of hundreds of millions of users in the hands of any Joe Random that asks for it. Running a CA is expensive because they are held to very high standards. You need to have your root keys inside an HSM, you need to have multiple people on your board who can access those keys, you need to set policies for certificate issuance that meet the CA/B requirements, you need to run OCSP servers, you need to be audited by a third party to verify you're actually following all those rules, all those things take money so then you need billing and charging people money implies you need support. In future you may need to take part in the CT audit logging system as well. Taking out any of these things and you'd be left with something that is significantly worse. That's why it costs money to be a CA _that browsers trust_. Of course if you want to be a CA that doesn't care about browsers, that's like three lines of code at the command line. This does not mean that the CA system is broken. There's a huge middle ground between "anyone can do it for free" and "totalitarian oligopoly". $1M to start a business is not that high compared to many other businesses. And if it was discovered, that CA would be revoked at huge cost and a ton of people would be very unhappy. Does the US Govt care? Maybe ... there are no references to such a root key seizure in any of his docs so far. Or maybe not. Just lots of talk about stealing private keys directly from the original holders. But who can really know? Suffice it to say there are attackers in this world other than the NSA. In this case, "them coming" just means a consumer boycott, at worst. It is in absolutely no way comparable to goons dragging people off to death chambers and you demean this debate by implying it is. Oh please. You cannot "launder money" with Starbucks gift cards unless you use a completely ridiculous definition of the term (which occasionally you find over-enthusiastic regulators doing, but that is no excuse). How is that discount funded though? I mean, who is paying the other 10%? They don't maintain it properly today. Go look at bugzilla, there are quite a few new feature patches from Google that just never get reviewed, let alone merged. Smartcard support is pretty important for a lot of people. If Chrome drops that feature, that would be a huge shame. That's not how money laundering works. Let's say you start out with drug money. You would like to get this money into the banking system so you can use it to buy a house. This is a standard money laundering problem. If you turn up at the bank with bags full of cash, the bank will ask where you got that money from, and lots of proof that it was legitimate. They will also file paperwork with the government stating that you made suspicious transactions, or they might just deny you entirely. Obviously, you can't say "I got this money selling drugs" so you need a plausible explanation - this is what money launderers do. So you take your drug money and buy lots of gift cards. Then you resell them at a discount. What you get back is .... cash (or bitcoins which are essentially digital cash). So the bank asks you the same questions. Your explanation is, "I got this money selling gift cards at a loss". This does not hold water, will not be accepted by the bank and thus does not solve your problem, or even take a step towards solving your problem. OK. Thanks for cheap drinks, I guess, but what's in it for you? I mean, how long do you plan to keep this up? A legitimate business being abused by carders is not money laundering either. If that was the case every single online store in existence would be guilty of money laundering. I've heard stories of some businesses that have seen 30-40% fraud rates on card transactions at times. Breaking instant payments doesn't make Bitcoin more secure, it just makes it less useful. The model generalises to probabilistic rewriting of the block chain, there's nothing special about confirmed vs unconfirmed. Bitcoin assumes the majority of hash power obeys the rules. At the moment, nobody knows how to build a system in which the majority of all players are dishonest and colluding against you, and Bitcoin is definitely not such a system. People who think it can be trivially evolved into such a system need a reality check: the more miners become dishonest and don't play by the rules, the less useful Bitcoin becomes. It doesn't take 51% to make it practically useless either. You're the guy who created it, aren't you? Double spends are not currently "very viable", as indicated by the fact that they were not happening and accepting instant payment is the standard. This is objective reality, not something you can argue away. A different world being theoretically possible does not translate into it magically happening with no effort. You are making an effort to change our happy situation for your own profit, in other words, to make Bitcoin less useful over the long run to benefit yourself in the short run. I can't tell if you're motivated by greed or a particularly poorly thought out world view. Also, why are you claiming this is somehow specific to unconfirmed transactions? Corrupt miners can also rewrite the block chain. If you get paid enough and have enough hash power, why not see if you can overtake the chain head? So don't claim it's somehow specific to unconfirmed transactions. It isn't. Bitcoin fundamentally assumes that the majority of mining power is "honest", defined to mean following the rules laid down by Satoshi in the core software. You can see this by simply reading the white paper: "The system is secure as long as honest nodes collectively control more CPU power than any cooperating group of attacker nodes." (last sentence, first page) You are attempting to bribe miners to become "dishonest" and "attack the network" in Satoshi's language. If enough people did what you suggest, the system's fundamental assumption would be invalidated and the entire network would break. If merely a small number of people do it, it just makes the system unreliable, untrustworthy and pushes people towards centralised fixes like payment processors that levy higher fees, trusted third parties that prevent double spending, secure hardware, etc. All things that increase Bitcoin's costs and reduce its competitiveness vs regular banking. Doing this doesn't help anyone or prove any point, it just adds sand into an otherwise useful system by increasing transaction costs. tl;dr you are like a kid kicking down someone's sandcastle on a beach, then saying "they should have been guarding it better, anyone could have done what i did!". There are no patches for it. Bitcoin is a system that is woefully misunderstood by many people. It is not a honey badger. It is at heart a system that takes a positive view on humanity. It's a system built on the assumption that the majority of players are honest and stick to the rules. In a world in which most people think long term and don't spend all their time trying to stab each other in the back, this works. But is humanity really that way? Or does society require a small number of rulers keeping the ruled in line? Every day that Bitcoin works well, the answer shifts towards "no, decentralisation of power can work". And if BitUndo gathers significant hash power, the answer shifts more towards "yes, decentralised solutions can't work if they rely on an honest majority". If you read the literature, distributed systems very commonly require some kind of honest majority, if only because the definition of "honest" needs to be set by something. There isn't really a way to make Bitcoin work in a world where most other players are colluding against you. Come on Gregory. You don't need to provide citations for reality. Just go and spend some Bitcoins into the economy, then tell me how many sellers required 6 confirmations. I don't remember the last time anyone required me to wait except for exchanges. I think people involved with it over the long term have always said that it's a risky experiment that might fail. Bitcoin resembles a sandcastle far more than a honey badger, that's for sure. "Honesty" is defined to mean "following the rules". The first seen rule is a part of that set. BitUndo isn't attempting to fork the chain today, but they certainly could - it's a simple extension of their model. Double spending for a fee doesn't really care whether a tx is unconfirmed or not, it simply alters the price charged. Security isn't a binary yes/no thing and double-spending-for-a-fee does not require unconfirmed transactions. Confirmed txns can be replaced too, it just costs more. He's talking about something called the PBL (policy blocklist). The idea is it contains IP ranges that aren't "supposed" to send mail, like consumer ADSL ranges. People who want to send mail from home directly are supposed to do so via their ISPs SMTP servers, which may be configured to relay but only from IPs the ISP controls. At least in theory this shields who you're talking to, somewhat. But I think a radical rethink like Pond is perhaps a better way forward: https://pond.imperialviolet.org/ DigiNotar got revoked partly because they got hacked, but mostly because they had zero acceptable followup. There was no good enough postmortem describing their mistakes and how they would correct them, and they also engaged in a coverup. Browser makers do not engage in instant execution of any CA that makes a mistake, because CA's are run by humans and to err is human. What they insist on is coming clean when mistakes are made, and steps taken ASAP to restore confidence, like publishing a real post mortem and making business changes to ensure the same mistake can't happen again. Do you have any plans to release the code you have so far? Seems it'd be a fairly big effort to catch up with where you got to so far, especially the live editor. Great. Is there some way we can find out when you release it? Not all checked exceptions are bad. The main problem is that the core Java libraries tend to use them too aggressively and now of course cannot be changed. You really have to be sure that the caller MUST handle a particular occurrence and anything else is a bug to make an exception checked. But, I do find it helps me feel more confident in my code. Everyone hates writing error handling code, but at least with checked exceptions you can see whether it's been done properly or not. But in Java 8 for the times when I want to disable it, I just use the following code: public interface UncheckedRun { public T run() throws Throwable; } public interface UncheckedRunnable { public void run() throws Throwable; } public static T unchecked(UncheckedRun run) { try { return run.run(); } catch (Throwable throwable) { throw new RuntimeException(throwable); } } public static void uncheck(UncheckedRunnable run) { try { run.run(); } catch (Throwable throwable) { throw new RuntimeException(throwable); } } public static void ignoreAndLog(UncheckedRunnable runnable) { try { runnable.run(); } catch (Throwable t) { log.error("Ignoring error", t); } } Then you can write Foo result = unchecked(() -> getAndMaybeThrow(a, b)); I'm looking a lot at Kotlin. It's not mature yet: JetBrains will start using it this summer for their own projects and I expect it to firm up a lot then. The nice thing about Kotlin is almost perfect compatibility with Java, and an auto-translator that doesn't suck. So you can take an existing Java codebase and auto translate class by class, maintaining compilability the whole time. Also the standard library is mostly a set of extensions to the JDK so your existing library knowledge ports across, except you keep finding useful goodies sprinkled all over the place. Feature-wise Kotlin has things that I feel would help me write fewer bugs: it has null-safety encoded into the type system, smart casts, extension methods, some good functional programming support, powerful properties and so on. There are features it lacks too, but I hope JetBrains will continue to push it forward for many years. Putting in place measures to avoid being screwed over by Washington's control of payments infrastructure is not "moving to turn Russia into another China". It's being smart and pragmatic. Visa and MasterCard have been working in Russia for years, apparently unmolested judging from their joint market share. Now they are being turned into weapons by US politicians .... again. This is a huge, massive trend in US politics: seizing control of power points in the financial system and squeezing them as part of proxy wars against people, countries or classes of businesses they don't like (see Operation Choke Point). As someone in Europe, I don't see this as Russia becoming communist. I see it as Putin standing up for his country and I wish the EU would do the same, instead of allowing SWIFT to be turned into a tool of the US Treasury. "The world" probably doesn't care about punishing Russia. That's the sort of thing that makes Republicans hard but the average guy on the street has bigger things to worry about. Certainly, westerners being told they can't go on holiday to Russia or buy Russian made software or other things is not going to suddenly make the people in east Ukraine decide they actually love the unelected government they got landed with. Due process is a concept that applies (or is supposed to apply) to governments. It does not apply to private financial services companies. Politicians have realised this and are now aggressively and vigorously violating it by stepping outside the regular judicial system and simply scaring banks/card companies into stopping business with anyone said politicians don't like. It wasn't Russia that started this trend. It was America. As opposed to the stagnant duopoly VISA/MasterCard, who routinely manage to find ways to stiff their merchants with fines, fees and who are deeply in bed with US politicians? As opposed to PayPal that routinely seizes funds for no reason at all? What kind of corruption are you afraid of, that the world doesn't already have to deal with? The same way the USA has been taking control of the rest of the financial system. They say to American VISA/MC executives, "we require any transactions processed by your subsidiary to comply with US sanctions, or else we're going to tell the whole world that you're a bunch of financial terrorists and throw you in jail". Then the US executives say, OK, then we won't process payments in Russia. And then Russia says .... Games are not "using plugins" today. They are either shipped as console games on DVDs/BluRays, or as native apps you download and run either for PC/Mac/tablet OS's. asm.js is a bizarre hack. You're sending someone assembly code for a CPU that doesn't exist, as text . It would have been far superior to just figure out CPU family specific sandboxes as NaCL did, and then accept that only two CPU architectures matter these days: x86 and ARM. If you can sandbox both, you're done and if someone wants to invent some super-duper new ISA they can damn well make code easily sandboxed when they design it. Maven has a lot of jargon. I also found it confusing when I started. POMS, artifacts, plugins, reactors etc ... heck I still find Maven confusing and unintuitive sometimes. Their docs are awful: typical failure mode for software that's in love with the idea of plugins. The Gmail frontend is Java. The backend (mail routing, spam filtering, virus checking and parts of storage etc) is C++. I wouldn't read too much into that. Google Engineering has huge budgets and all kinds of random projects get paid for with no better justification than "this is good for the web, therefore it's good for us". I worked there for years. Seeing really deep, well thought out business plans there was a rarity especially for small projects like hosting web fonts or running DNS resolvers. Heck, even for very large projects sometimes the accounting was unbelievably carefree. All major mail providers already use sophisticated reputation systems. The difficulty of calculating global reputations for the entire internet, quickly and with statistically meaningful results is one of the reasons email consolidates under the control of a handful of big companies. You really don't want to try and replicate that on your own. Source: I was part of the Gmail spam/abuse team for several years. Email that you delete from Gmail (once it falls out of the trash) IS deleted permanently after a while. It's not immediate because it has to wait for backups to cycle around and rewrite old storage, but it does happen. Why do search engines provide no context? That seems remarkably arbitrary. This notion that it's right and proper for information to be theoretically available in some technical sense, but it's bad that it be actually findable and usable, is absurd. No need for it to be hypothetical - exactly this is happening in the Bitcoin world right now. Someone got elected to the board of the Bitcoin Foundation and once the election was over, people bothered to search for his name (oddly not before?) and discovered he has murky allegations that he was found in a house that had lots of child porn and guns, but it all happened a long time ago and there were no charges filed. So: exactly that situation. Now people are resigning from the Foundation because of that history. The situation obviously really sucks for the guy in question, but is making that information hard to find really the fix? I doubt it - eventually someone would have discovered anyway, and then attempting to get it removed from search engines would merely "seal the deal" in the minds of some people. The problem is not access to information. It's that too many people in our society can't handle this new found power, to discover or read things people did long ago. Look at how people repeat things Mark Zuckerberg said a decade ago as if he couldn't possibly have changed since he was a university student. That's not a problem with search engines or the subjects: it's a problem with all of us. It's not your data, just because it's about you. In this case the article in question was published by a newspaper, in fact due to legal requirement. So the law here is totally messed up. It says the data must be published, but must not be findable. A farce. I don't think they're on the side of the citizens. Consider that the EU was A-OK with all personal financial data being shipped to the US Treasury department, despite that it clearly violated basically every privacy law on the books. Now consider that EU countries are all falling over themselves to agree to FATCA, despite that it also violates privacy laws which say banks aren't allowed to send client data abroad. Their "solution" is that instead of banks directly sending data to the USA, first it gets sent to the local government, and then the local government sends it to the USA. See, because governments don't have to follow their own laws. Great, isn't it. So far the EU's "standing up for the citizen" amounts to selling everyone out to the Americans, and breaking the setting in my browser that says I don't want to be bugged every time a site sets a cookie. They broke my browser! And .... now this. The EU needs to get the hell away from the internet before they screw it up even more .... Yes, that's pretty much how it is. Don't believe it if you like, but you won't convince me: I was there in some of these meetings, I read the design docs, I watched these sorts of projects get approved. They just give this stuff away because they're swimming in money and it's a place run by geeks. But the data about Mr Gonazalez was true. So a search engine that filtered for veracity would not have solved his "problem". This isn't about context or truth or people's feelings being hurt by bad things being said about them. This whole episode is just bizarre. There's a statement of fact about him, in a newspaper, and it comes up when you search his name. Apparently he did nothing else of note (except this court case) so what else should be displayed? Nothing? What's the point of a search engine that doesn't give you factually correct and relevant results? It's popular because SEPA transfers are really cheap, compared to paying with credit cards. Last time I paid with SOFORT I noticed that they hadn't committed the wire transfer. KLM issued me with my flight tickets, but the wire transfer was sitting in the outbox and could have been cancelled. Not sure what happens if I cancel a payment like that - does the merchant get notified and cancel the flight tickets too? Actually Cinavia is an interesting example of trying to close the analog hole. You can point a camcorder at your screen and record a movie, but if you try and play that recording back on a fancy TV or BluRay player, it still won't work because the audio track has encoded instructions in it saying "expect an encrypted/DRMd media stream". If the player sees the content expects to be DRMd, it silences the audio after about 20 minutes. I think "BitTorrent Sync" already provides a shared folder that works this way, does it not? I guess it could be integrated into the app, but often if you can share a link you can also just share a file. For the serverless case I guess pledgers and project owners will often not be online at the same time anyway. Hi, I'm the author. Thanks for your interest! If you'd like to follow the project, you can sign up for email updates on vinumeris.com (they will be quite rare so don't worry about being spammed). Once launched, I plan to host a curated collection of projects for upgrades to Bitcoin and related software. In fact Lighthouse is partly software I'm writing for my own company, because that's how I would like to make money - by implementing open source upgrades and raising the funds to pay for it through per-project assurance contracts. As mentioned in the other replies, obviously a decentralised solution can't have any central curation built in, but people are free to run their own curated collections of projects if they like. Often though, it won't be necessary, because the creator of the project already has a good reputation and the reputation of an aggregator is inconsequential. In other cases, the entire notion of curation may be irrelevant. Consider micro assurance contracts like someone who wants to rent out a house with a pool and organise a big party with friends there, but only if enough friends commit to going for the party to be fun. This would not be allowed on Kickstarter, but Lighthouse lets you do it by simply attaching the contract file to the announcement email. Replies can have the pledges attached (you can drag the pledges right out of the app into an email compose window). So this is the kind of ultra light weight contract that might be possible in future, when you have a totally decentralised solution. It watermarks into the audio track and is by all accounts incredibly sophisticated and robust. Pirates have been trying to destroy the watermarks for years and all they achieved is making the soundtrack unlistenable. For bypassing the software verification, it can be made quite hard although it's kind of irrelevant today because it only became mandatory (via BluRay Consortium "regulations") in 2012. So there are still lots of players around that don't do it and this will be the case for the forseeable future. Verance is doing a big push to get it into TVs and other things but I'm not sure how successful they are being. The technology works without a doubt but of course when you add up licensing costs, etc, it's not always necessarily a win. What are people "pointing out" exactly? This is a ridiculous argument. If you don't care about what Google's view of the internet looks like, then ignore them, and ignore any emails from people asking you to change things on your site for them. Done. Simple. This issue crops up because people usually do care what Google's view of the internet is and would like to help make it better. Marking links as nofollow and so on is entirely optional: only people who want useful search engines do it, and others don't care. Now now, I think you're the one being disingenuous. Google's algorithm is not "everyone elses problem". If someone doesn't care about what appears on search result pages, they can just ignore everything search engines say: all their guidelines, all their advice, just chuck it out the window. Your website will still work fine. This blog does not indicate some fundamental breaking of the web. It indicates a guy got a random email from a random website, that he is free to ignore if he wants (and in fact should ignore, because the webmasters in question don't even need to contact him, they can use the disavow tool). No work to do? No problem! Whatever the NSA say, the opposite is true. Whatever Snowden has provided, has been found true. Come on. Wake up. They crossed every single line so far anyone can imagine. Of course they're doing industrial espionage. Is it even EMV that has issues? This attack rather assumes a bad RNG. No doubt some hardware with bad RNGs exist, but this would cause problems for any crypto system. It's not like EMV is somehow uniquely vulnerable to bad RNGs when other systems using cryptography aren't. The slides are in the video broadcast by Fantastico: http://g1.globo.com/fantastico/noticia/2013/09/nsa-documents... > You really are pushing your own version of events there aren't you? You mean, unlike you? Ye gods. He was not offered a lawyer by any traditional meaning of the phrase. He was offered a stooge selected by the very same people interrogating him and implying he might be a terrorist. When he asked for his own lawyer, that's when he was refused, rather shooting a hole in the idea that he would have been given good representation if he'd gone with the so generous British offer. > We are so illiberal we voluntarily reduce our legislative powers. These powers were reduced because of the overwhelming evidence that they were being abused: like by detaining people involved in journalism using powers intended for terrorism. Don't try and spin this as the UK being so awesome and democratic. We passed a stupid law that was repeatedly abused by people living in some kind of reality distortion field, and that's why the powers had to be reduced - despite the natural inclinations of many Tories. > Are you seriously suggesting that the United Kingdom should not stop and detain foreign nationals who are carrying our Top Secret data and then relieve them of that data? Whaa? Yes, of course he's seriously suggesting that. Your post speaks volumes about how disconnected you seem to have become from basic common sense. Miranda was working on data that had already been leaked to multiple journalists around the world and was going to go public no matter what. This fact was already public at the time. You can't "take back" information that was deliberately leaked to multiple journalists - at that point under any sensible set of rules the information would cease to be classified, because you can't classify something that's public knowledge. I'm blown away that you find the British government's oafish response a "masterpiece". Let's see what it achieved, shall we? * Nothing of value was obtained from Miranda. * It triggered international outcry from journalists around the globe, making Britain look stupid and illiberal on the world stage. * It pissed off Miranda's partner who then prioritised GCHQ related information for release. * It confirmed what most people already suspected or knew: that the British intelligence apparatus will happily classify anyone as a terrorist if it suits them, regardless of how dangerous they actually are (in this case: not at all). * It means in future journalists working on stories that might embarrass the British government will simply avoid British airports, resulting in the same media coverage with the added bonus that it looks like the UK doesn't care about freedom of the press. Positive outcomes? None as far as I can tell. Some masterpiece! Regulations on financial institutions break down into several categories: 1) Identifying operators and users, so if fraud happens, the right people can be found and held accountable 2) Requiring paperwork documenting what is happening, again, so if there is a fraud of some kind it can be detected and the responsible parties found 3) Actually trying to prevent fraud, usually this means mandatory audits of some kind I can't point you to what rules govern a currency exchange in Japan exactly, but the above is how it usually seems to break down. Gox was AFAIK never audited. How much of a paper trail exists is unclear. The relevant people's identities are known, however. One other thing I think we should clear up: these rules are usually pretty vague and general. It's not like regulation is something that people opt into or out of depending on their personal preferences. Whatever regulations applied to exchanges and markets in Japan would likely have also applied to Mt Gox. The problem with trying to argue that the fix is "regulation" in the abstract is "regulation" isn't some singular silver bullet. It's a big pile of rules and people who try to enforce those rules, but often those rules aren't doing what you think they're doing, or they exist to allow punishment rather than prevention, or they're somewhat theoretical because they aren't reliably enforced. This is why lots of people would dearly love to find a way to build a decentralised exchange: in theory it could be more reliable than a regulated institution. Yeah? Really? And what happens if that common person goes on to later become famous for some reason? Does all the info about their drunk prom night reappear the moment the first newspaper story about them is published? The distinction between someone of public interest and someone who isn't is entirely arbitrary and open to endless debate. What happens when people start disputing that they're famous enough to no longer meet this standard? Historically it results in giant and expensive court fights, which puts people off from trying this - almost by definition, if you're rich enough to waste money on arguing you're not in the public interest, then you are in the public interest. But making Google do this means unless they charge lawyer like bills, suddenly everyone has an incentive to argue they're not important. Given the disaster this is likely to inflict on search results if scaled up, and the fact that it's not required in America, do you really think they'll make the whole global search engine work this way? Or do you think they'll do the same thing as done in every other case where some stupid country requires censorship: block based on domain name or IP address? Historically, for Europe it's been done via domain name. Doing it via IP address would not be any more effective though: there'd immediately be dozens of proxy sites set up running in the US that simply forward the search to the US Google and return the results. Short of building an equivalent to the Chinese Great Firewall and blocking all encrypted traffic, or forcing Google to apply European cenorship globally, there's no way to stop Europeans who want regular results pages from getting them. DuckDuckGo is primarily a Bing frontend, no? I seem to recall that they claim to be a real search engine and have their own crawler, but any time someone analyses their results deeply they're almost always identical to Bing. Given that Microsoft has a large EU presence and is presumably also affected by this law, perhaps they will have to start doing the same thing as Google. Which would then automatically feed through to DuckDuckGo. I don't believe there are any competitive startup search engines at the moment. However, this doesn't mean there would never be. Plus this ruling is so vague it's likely to impact all kinds of companies that are not startups: think specialised social networks, etc. I live in Europe, was born in Britain, and I think this is a bad ruling that makes the EU look like a bad joke. Laws that can only be enforced by building a massive system of internet censorship akin to China's are indeed "doing it wrong". Happy now? If it's really just irrelevant clutter why not ignore it and let Google decide how best to hide it? That's their job, right? But is it really better than @Nullable? But why do you think the ruling works that way? The justification for suppressing information is that someone isn't in the public interest, the canonical example being a politician that wants to cover up past corruption scandals. Everyone seems to agree that this is a case where data wouldn't get filtered. But if someone is thinking about becoming a politician, uses their current obscurity to delete the data from a search engine, and then goes on to run in an election, isn't this exactly when we should want to see all that is on the internet about them? So it makes sense that the information would come back. Your proposed solution to this is that everyone should have to effectively give up modern technology in this case and hope that some journalist, somehow, without any modern tools, finds all the relevant information despite governments helping this person bury it. Why would we give up powerful tools like this? How is that not a Luddite strategy? I don't see any way this ruling (I hesitate to call it a law because it doesn't seem to be connected to any actual law that anyone knew about) can be applied in any kind of consistent or useful manner. It WILL turn into a giant fight over who is or is not worthy of being censored or not, with lots of people bending over backwards to argue that they aren't really in the public interest. As presumably there are punishments and fines for not censoring enough data, but there's no punishment for censoring too much, this will inevitably hurt not only ordinary everyday people but also democracy itself. Assuming that nobody screws up and assigns null to an Optional return result/variable instead of Optional.empty(), or calls Optional.get() without remembering to check ... in other words, it's very much like @Nullable when using a compiler that understands it, except it causes problems with overloading and reflection as noted above due to generics type erasure. If you want code that won't compile due to @Nullable violations I think the Checker framework can give you that, or you can use an IDE that flags violations like IntelliJ and just treat any static analysis warning in that category like a compile failure for your own purposes. The nice think about nullity annotations is that the newest JVM languages like Ceylon and Kotlin are building nullity into their type systems, so if you annotate an API in this way, code written in these new languages will know automatically that the reference can be null and the compiler won't let you access it at all until you tested or asserted away the nullness. The upgrade path for Kotlin especially is looking like it could be quite strong, so I think I'll be sticking with @Nullable for now in the hope that later on we get "real" type system integration via newer languages. But haven't you just been assuming that anyone who is against this ruling is American? But you're going to be indexed in such a database whether you like it or not because several European countries are already busy building such databases via their intelligence agencies, and the ones that can't afford it have all been striking deals with the ones that can to get access to it. This "right to be forgotten" conveniently does not seem to apply to governments, only search engines. So from a democratic perspective it's lose/lose. What about the right of the employer to know who they're about to employ? If someone claims to be an expert in a certain area which you need but are not yourself an expert in, it would be very useful to be able to search their name and discover that things they wrote about the topic have been discredited. It'd be even more useful if you could find unflattering opinions about them written by their peers: perhaps it avoids a very long and messy employment of someone who will then be difficult to fire, but who doesn't know what they're doing, potentially crippling your business. The guy you're looking at would probably love to make the criticism of his work unfindable whilst simultaneously leaving behind the bits that make him look good. But why should he have that right? Employers have needs too. For what it's worth I quite agree that the existing framework for getting things removed from the internet (by going to the source) works well enough, but that's not what the court has now created. Hmm, if I understood that code it could be written like this: Session s; if ((s = request.getSession(false) != null) return ImmutableMap.of(....); else throw new IllegalStateException(); Maybe I'm weird but I find the old fashioned version far easier to read than the new form. I hope they don't. Go seems like a mediocre language at best: in no way obviously better than Java. Given that they already forked the JVM and added lots of custom class libraries, I'd rather they just forked Java properly and renamed it instead, or switched to another JVM compatible language. Go would have no benefits at all. Eh? Music industry sales have dropped off a cliff starting around the year 2000. It's been a bloodbath, they're now at something like a third of what they once were: http://static5.businessinsider.com/image/4d5ea3314bd7c8600a0... Do you think people listen to a third of the music they listened to ten years ago? No way! The GPL is not preventing content restrictions, it's adding quite complicated restrictions on what can be done with the code. The justification is to try and make more software GPLd in future but the means is additional restriction. And guess what? The justification for copyright is to ensure more content is created in future, and the means is restrictions on the created content. Just like the GPL. Trying to claim they're somehow different is a very weak sort of argument. Lots of people in developing countries have access to cheap Android smart phones but no computer these days. Fortunately that's all you need to use Bitcoin. Given that M-PESA is run by a telephone company, is it the traditional financial industry or not? It can be argued both ways. SafariCom effectively runs a bank, but it is nonetheless primarily a technology company.