It sounds like a very dramatic series of events on all accounts. The Guy, Amélie, Kelly, they were all up to weird and bad behaviour. I would say the way she handled things wasn't anywhere near ideal, but that doesn't justify her improper treatment at all. The chair incident is just bizarre. I would say what went wrong here is that the others weren't fired as well - not that she shouldn't have been. That sounds shitty, but I think the most egregious inequality here is that the others got to stay employed. No one did anything right. Unfortunately I think this is just tech for you. I've witnessed so much sexism in this industry, I just don't know what to do anymore (besides ask people to stop it). Indoor (and outdoor) growing is a really fascinating, information-laden, brain-stimulating endeavour. For what it's worth, marijuana growers often learn and share really awesome info that's applicable to all kinds of grows. Loads of neurons firing over there. You can go even faster with some effort! The other day I was frequently hitting well over 50kph, maxing out around 62kph (30-38mph) and I was trying to conserve energy. It's a hell of a lot of fun. I'm not even that fast or fit - any half decent bike will absolutely fly on a good descent. https://www.strava.com/activities/954036327 (Shows top speed recorded by my GPS) I know you've had a heap of responses already, but regarding eating after you get home: Prep something in advance. Make dinner the night before, but double it. The next day after the gym just warm it up, eat, and relax. You'll spend ~10m extra the day before preparing extra and save yourself tons of energy and time the next day. It'll make working out seem a lot less daunting. Try to fit a bunch of these in and eventually you'll have quite a lot more time. Prep food in advance, work out at home, you're saving well over an hour already. I feel your pain regarding wanting to go part time so you have time for what you care about. I have many weeks where things pile up until the weekend, then it's all errands and chores all weekend. Such a drag. You can make it yourself fairly easily I guess: const awaitAll = Promise.all.bind(Promise); async function foo() { var [val1, val2] = await awaitAll([func1, func1]); } It isn't ideal but it's a little cleaner It would be great to see a larger study, but it's interesting nonetheless. Something I thought about fermented foods is that they tend to have more bioavailable nutrients. So, sourdough contains less phytic acid than quick breads, making it so the nutrition in the bread can be digested more easily. Amongst other things. If this is true, that seems like a good enough reason to choose it. Flavor and texture is good enough too, really. The point about individuals discovering what works for them is critical. One of the best things you can do for yourself is just pay attention to your diet and how it makes you feel. Maybe the crappiest white bread is just fine for you. Maybe it's totally not. I believe there aren't many absolute truths about nutrition, so often the onus is on individuals to try and discover these things about themselves. If they did, I would hope people around them recognized that their conflation of neurotoxins in water and largely benign electronics makes very little sense. I think I understand the sentiment, but I don't think the three are the same. And if they had similar results, hypothetically, they would be for entirely different reasons. edit: I'm interested to know more about peoples' concerns about smartphones and other devices emitting harmful radiation. I've never seen anything conclusive at all, but my girlfriend is positive research will eventually reveal something, for example. Very curious if anyone knows more about this. Perhaps I'm totally incorrect. I agree with that to a point. It does count for something for sure, but I think the analogy breaks down pretty quickly from there. I don't want to be pedantic or overly demanding of the statement either though. I just thought, when I read it, that the issues are much more complex than that, and the analogy overly simplifies the matter. I'm a big fan of electronic devices, and a huge believer in them being a medium for addiction and escapism. But I think societies need to look at the root of that issue rather than dismiss any medium for dopamine addiction as harmful (as harmful as lead in your water in this case). That becomes extremely subjective, and maybe not worth pursuing because I admit, I'm not educated on the matter. I simply believe that (based on my experiences) the misuse of electronics will often stem from a lack of stimulation, satisfaction, and/or engagement coming from other aspects in life. There is too much room for this form of addiction in modern life in many parts of the world. If we blame the devices, we fail to blame ourselves for better educating ourselves and striving to develop society in such a way that people feel they have better things to do than escape into a screen. I'm totally open to being called out as clueless or full of it - that's just my take on things. It's a very fascinating conversation, but probably not a great one for the internet. I worry I'll come across as thinking I'm an authority on this stuff or something, when it's quite the opposite. I guess it could be argued that raw food dieters now have access to rich foods like oils, avocados, sprouted legumes and grains, nuts and seeds, etc. That makes the diet far easier than it would have been even 100 years ago, I think. I'm not in favor or opposed to the person you're responding to. Just thinking about how humans eating a raw diet are different from other animals doing so. I agree. The stack exchange is a place I whitelist in my adblocker. They seem to take ads and ad quality seriously, they provided very useful and interesting content, and they employ a pretty excellent team. I don't see the problem. It seems like what you'd hope for from the situation. This reminds me of a trilogy called Remembrance of Earth's Past by Liu Cixin. He creates a sort of analogy in the second novel, saying civilizations in space should be like hunters in a dark forest (The book is called The Dark Forest). He hypothesizes that you should sneak around quietly, looking to kill others, lest you be killed yourself. I won't say more - it's a great read. >Playboy: One of the experts in the field says that for this industry to really flourish, and for it to benefit the consumer, one standard has to prevail. >Jobs: That’s simply untrue. This is a little funny given the walled garden he oversaw the creation of (It seemed like it was intended to improve chances of success by implementing a single standard for an ecosystem), but I'm excluding some context and just poking some fun. Overall it was a good read - he had some excellent foresight about computing and the culture around it. Very cool. That's the key thing here - everything's connected. You can rarely contain pollution well enough that you can say 'yeah let's revisit that in 100 years, it'll be fine'. Often these places that are polluted are really only diluted as the waste moves from one central location to wherever watersheds take it, destroying life as it goes. This is the problem. The tar sands are an ecological disaster! They are not contained. My best guess was that they couldn't get their own car on the necessary schedule (I have the impression you can't just go ahead and buy one and have it inside of a week, but it could just be a stock issue like you suggested), so maybe they were willing to face the consequences of repairing a rental instead of delaying. Perhaps they had a short window of time to work with special people/equipment. Definitely an interesting story. It's just a fleeting term. It'll be Pro until it's not - then you need to buy a new one. Some pros are fine with that. Lots of them can write this stuff off, or request it from their employer. It's not much sweat off their back. A signifiant point of the post is to say that they learned something, and they hope others can learn from it too. Maybe the issue is you didn't read the full article? Isn't it 'Okay Google'? Either way, I do find Alexa rolls off the tongue a little easier. That may be because I have trouble enunciating verbal transitions. Is it really disappointing to get hired at one of these places so many people admire and desire, only to find it's nothing special at all? Or is the problem something else? I've wondered about that. My job isn't spectacular, it's pretty good. I used to want to strive for a spot in a bigger/high impact/significant company like Amazon or Apple for example, but eventually came to realize I'd probably never do anything interesting there, even if I was capable of it. I don't know. I used to feel like I missed the boat and my career would never be as rewarding because of it. These days... Starting to feel like I'm actually doing alright, making the most with what I've got. I stopped pursuing that career direction because I'm geo-locked, so to speak. I can't leave this city. Anyway, sorry you're having a terrible time. I've been there. I hope the situation improves soon. Maybe you should bank everything you can, take time off, then get back to finding work with a fresh mind. Good luck. I don't think the impact was great for me, honestly. And that was 15 years ago. The internet is a different place now - maybe not for the better. I have to agree with maxhallinan. These aren't analogous at all. One time I was riding my bike when nearly the exact same thing happened to me as this woman, only instead of a small child the person was an older man. He, looking for traffic the wrong way on a one-way street, mistakenly thought it was safe to run across the road. I was doing the speed limit (60kph) when I hit him, full force, and sent him tumbling down the hill about 15 feet. It wasn't my fault at all, but that guy was totally wrecked. I was a bit sore, but overall I was fine. Him on the other hand - his body helped break my bike frame (bent one tube, snapped another right from its welds, broke my wheel, ripped cables free), he had nothing to protect his head, and he looked frail to begin with. It was bad. Should I have been charged for that? I don't think so. He did it far too suddenly for me to do much more than hit my brakes. I felt awful about it, but I definitely don't feel responsible for it. If I'd been going the wrong way, he was at a cross walk, or something - something where I should have been more prepared to stop or avoid him - then absolutely. But sometimes pedestrians make really bad calls and road users just aren't at fault. This happens everywhere, not just India. This happens in the United States in the prison system, for example. Haha, you caught that moments before they replaced it with a "we'll be online within 24 hours' message. I find it useful because I don't use github directly, but some of my software's dependencies do. It's a nice heads up, because I probably won't be checking otherwise. > Autopilot used incorrectly can kill people. Sorry, I don't get it. How do you use something incorrectly when by definition you aren't really using it at all? It seems like an oxymoron. Interestingly, this feature is one of the first I recall using on Android maybe 8 years ago. It was very visible and easy to turn on... Not sure why they made it harder to discover. Or have they removed it? They do offer manual route trimming from both ends, too. I've found this useful mostly when I forget to turn off my watch after running. Is this a joke? I just ran it and got something like "macron colo-con letter to underscore macron" And that's... The best I can interpret, it's very muddled. edit: Ah, I see your response to someone else. I'm going to try Allison. edit: Ha! It is Allison! "Shrug". What a time to be alive! It's a marginal difference, but you're not wrong. I don't think it would matter in this instance though. This isn't a sustainable solution to that problem. In Vancouver, rapid gentrification is simply pushing these people around once again anyway. We need long term solutions. Social nets which work to help these people get back on track, prevent people from getting on that track, and soften the blow of hitting rock bottom. I have a strong sense that supporting mental health issues more effectively is at the heart of this. I really appreciate this comment. I was trying to figure out why I wouldn't use native data types and functions, but this makes it clear. In your opinion, where would someone be storing the json such that they'd benefit from a tool like this? The only time I use json outside of pulling it from an API (where I can convert it to a native object) is probably storing it in postgres, where I've already got json querying tools. Oof, I'll chime in here. My helmet has saved me from two head injuries I'm so glad and grateful I didn't have to endure with my skull alone. I suspect I'd have some terrible scars and possibly some concussion damage if I took your advice. > Bloomberg is adding it's own spin to make the leaks more salacious. How is it salacious? Doesn't that imply a sexual undertone to the spin? No, I think you're probably right. Enticing seems well enough aligned. My dictionary doesn't agree but I believe it's used at least colloquially in the way you used it... Ah, such a dream job! I use Strava more than any other app outside of web browsing and messaging. I would jump at the chance if there were remote opportunities. https://about.gitlab.com/roles/engineering/developer If you scroll down about 2/3 of the way, you'll see it. It's not competitive for me at all. I'm right beside Vancouver (Canada) where living costs are about 95% the same as Vancouver, but if I enter that, It says my salary range would be considerably less than I earn now. This seems like a really cool opportunity and I want to apply, but my family can't afford the hit (I'm the only source of income we've got and this place is crazy expensive). Kind of a bummer - it's hard to find jobs doing cool things and also earning decent money. This is all there is to it. Outline clear goals, don't let too much creep in to your to-do list, and accomplish your goals. If stuff tends to creep in, find out why. If you have to, allow room for that - make one of your goals 'handle unexpected tasks'. If possible, defer things to your goals for the following week. If your goals are set by a manager's expectations, talk to them about the unexpected work load. I make a habit of recording unexpected work. It's helpful for avoiding feeling bad if you miss your goals (you can see why you missed it - it's easy to forget otherwise), and it's helpful for anticipating the same work in the future and understanding why you didn't expect it. Goals all the way! Give yourself purpose, keep track, and make sure you've got a manageable work load. I think sarcastic. Psql has great support for json - they were probably taking advantage of it. If you've already got psql set up in your project and have minimal json storage requirements, it can be all you need. You also gain the possibility of retaining some normalization of the data if necessary, which is a lot more complicated if you throw it all in an entirely different database. Oh geez, you're right. It's really the only way I use postgres so I kind of equated the names, but yeah, different tools. What if needing to search and replace in the first place is inefficient? Also, what if that engineer is female? Is he still inefficient? I'm finding these comments hilarious. No true programmer! Saying America was discovered is correct terminology from the colonial perspective hundreds of years ago, but I think today the proper term would be when America was colonized. It had been discovered a long time before then, and it might strike native Americans and others as a eurocentric way of speaking about history. Also what the hell, those little corns are great! I don't care where they came from. I'll add my recommendation here too. You can get going with it over at digital ocean with one of their single click images, whatever you call them, and run it fine for $5-$10 per month. I recommend $10, but I believe it'll still install and run fine for low traffic sites on the cheapest tier. It's also really easy to install yourself. They've done a great job on it all around. If you have a blog, give it a shot. It's not a WordPress replacement if you use tons of plugins but it's great writing software. It's also really easy to theme. I hate to admit it, but I sat in a room with these guys and heard them discuss the Ted Cruz stuff a while back. They spoke incredibly candidly about their intentions and fully acknowledged this was morally questionable. They even offered me work - their cut of the ad spend was huge and there'd be plenty of work for a dev. I think this was before Aggregate IQ was officially a thing... Possibly before they had dedicated developers. I politely declined. They laughed; it was funny to them to have a conscience about this stuff. I said I'm too burnt out from adtech. I'm glad I was, because earlier in my career I might have been more eager to take on responsibility and make more money. When this stuff first surfaced, I knew Aggregate was going to come to light. I know a lot of people who've contributed to their ad buying and I know they have no boundaries. We need regulation for these kinds of people. They were making incredible sums of money for doing this work. You've got a point. I've intentionally distanced myself from these people (At one point they were my clients), but now the distance has only made it so I can't easily expose what they get up to. It might necessary for own sanity though; working with these types of people became a substantial burden for me. No one cares about anything but they payout. It got old fast. I suspect if the potato was encased in ash and mud, floating in average ocean surface temperatures (away from the poles), it would attempt to germinate. Tubers love trying to grow. If it did, it would break apart its case in no time. That's just a hunch I have. Maybe you're right, and the ash or something in a particular clay would inhibit germination. There are so many variables. It's fun to think about - I often wonder how some plants haven't ended up in certain places over the last millions of years. In Vancouver, BC, many business did go out of business when a skytrain line was built through a few communities. It can be devastating. Inevitably you support the company with virtually every transaction. The vendor will pay a fee for using Visa, for example. I believe it's a percentage of the purchase. Jesus, me too. Same keys. Are we able to replace them at all? I keep reading mixed opinions and I'm not sure where the facts are. I found some replacement tutorials but it required buying an entire keyboard's worth of keys, haha. Maybe at this rate I'll need them... Easily the worst keyboard I've had on a laptop. It's pretty awful for a $3000+ CAD investment. I'm with you to a point on AvE - I mostly watch him for kicks. However, the guy's used a lot of tools for a long time. He might actually have the experience and appropriate exposure to know what does and doesn't fail or endure under regular use. But yeah. He says it all with virtually no reserve, haha. Take most of it with a grain of salt. He does seem to know a lot about materials, though. Definitely not a dumb guy. His brain is chooching at around 50% at least Since I've started applying FP (I'm not very strict about it) I've been finding ways to reuse code more which lets me reduce my test footprint and increase the reliability of my code. I've also found it's easier to isolate my business logic without scoping it too strictly to an object or implementation, allowing me to think largely in coding to interfaces or contacts. This is totally doable with strict OO, but honestly I'm pretty lousy at that in practice. So FP has helped me with that too. I lean towards organizing my applications into very dumb objects which are supported by FP-style business logic. At a glance you can infer what's going on quite easily due to the idiomatic use of the objects, but the object orientation mostly ends there. My business logic is organized into isolated modules that are as pure as I can manage without being a nut about it. The objects recruit or are operated on by that logic, so their implementation is very light and clean as a result. Like I mentioned, tests for this kind of code are really nice. They tend to be concise. It's not perfect, but I feel like it's a way FP has greatly improved my code and what I deliver to my team in general. It's an attempt to merge the benefits of two paradigms, I suppose. When he finds you does he squeeze you a bit? That's my son's thing. Waves the arm, makes contact, squeezes and pinches for a while... Then back to sleep. It's nice. Well, why were you on one when you commented here? Sometimes screens are a great distraction. Sometimes they're not. The latter fact doesn't take away from the former - it's just on the user to make good judgements. There doesn't have to be something so fascinating on the screen to justify usage. Maybe it's news, maybe it's an ebook. Maybe it's HN. It's fine if the phone goes away when the kid's done taking a dump. I love this: https://recursive.recipes/recipe/refried-beans?amount=10&tim... Totally absurd, but fun to play with. I do find sometimes it says it'll be cheaper to buy it, but in several cases I'm positive it's not, or the price of the product in store vs from the recipe isn't directly comparable. The example of refried beans is complicated. If you buy a can of refried beans, it won't be as high quality as the recipe provided. The recipe is rich in butter and onions. A can will likely have lard or vegetable oil in it, and very little onion (likely powdered). It also claims it's cheaper to buy the can, but it's because initially the recipe suggests buying cans of beans. If you use dried beans, you're probably spending about the same amount but getting far nicer refried beans. Anyway, it's a fun project, and the things I noticed aren't really problems and are easy enough to negotiate in the interface. I had fun with it. You're right (I didn't realize this): https://docs.microsoft.com/en-us/windows/wsl/faq#why-would-i... Interesting, but what's to say we won't find older hominid bones in Africa next year? Is it wise to be so certain that Europe was the birthplace of mankind based on a single discovery? Really, the same goes for Africa. Why are we deducing that each oldest bone means _that_ is where humans came from? A fun thing about them (in the PNW at least) is that you can plant piles of them in fall and they will grow with very little assistance (or watering since it rains so much) and you'll have heaps upon heaps of beans in spring. I planted $10 of Windsor beans 2 years ago and ended up drying about 300-400 seeds (far more than $10 worth) and still had too many to eat. Some of my new son's first solid food was a hummus made from those same dried beans (really delicious!). Such a fun plant to grow. Processing the beans is a bit of work, but wow, it's worth it. Unparalleled flavour in the bean kingdom. You also get convention. jQuery didn't offer much of that once you started gluing its functions together... I can usually jump into someone's react code and get what's going on pretty quickly unless they did something really gnarly with incredibly nested props. Even then, at least I still know where to drill down. With jQuery soup, you didn't get that luxury. Being able to have an entire team know how to build components and provide them with functionality is an incredible advantage. I don't love everything about react either, but the ecosystem, somewhat enforced convention, tooling, etc - it's worth it (so far). I love some things about Vue, but it isn't a silver bullet either. Brad seems to be pretty butt hurt about react. If you've worked on a large team without something like react, then worked on one with react, it really shines. It's a major productivity booster. It's not perfect, but it's very good. I agree that the library has great convention. I actually learned quite a bit from that API when I was starting out. The only problem was you could really abuse the usage of the API. I'm realizing now that this isn't a fair comparison. React 'wins' here largely because it has a smaller scope. It's for giving functionality to templates built in the library using a certain approach. jQuery was far more open ended and far less opinionated. That was as much it's strength as it's weakness. It's definitely not a direct comparison. But I do think react is a nice safe tool for larger teams. I think it's actually that the particles are forced to collide at relatively high speed due to the pressure behind the small opening. A mesh could eventually get clogged with minerals or debris, but this approach leaves less room for failure. Basically you're just ripping the fluid into mist with high pressure. Do you think there's a better alternative or are you addressing that lodash is pretty old now? I was doing that for years. I was riding my bike huge distances (400km in a day for example), I followed a solid lifting schedule and managed to reach a 370lb deadlift, and I ran far and relatively fast when I wasn't cycling. I kept that up for years and really loved it. In fact I miss it still. But it didn't keep depression from getting to me. These days I'm in alright shape still, but getting back on that wagon is hard as hell when you feel like trash. I've done it before, I'll do it again, but I think for some of us it unfortunately takes more than exercise. I still also highly recommend exercise as part of any effort against depression. If you're able bodied, chances are it will only be able to help. Rebuilding the autoloader became a normal step in diagnosing issues for me. You never know... These days I deal with npm which in some ways is nicer yet it can still eat afternoons. Haha, fair enough. The other day I was getting this bizarre mismatch of versions of a dependency and I couldn't figure out how it could even matter. Like, who cares if they're two minor versions apart? Neither of them were global so there was no conflict for their parent modules. _That_ is the kind of stuff that kills me about npm. It can be really reeeaally hard to figure out what to do in those situations. Also, package.json is arguably a pretty gnarly way to organize... Well, everything? It's the kitchen sink of configuration, but it's supposed to be for managing packages. But no, you can also configure your packages in there, configure scripts for your application, etc. It's nuts. Even so, both of them are miles ahead of what we had 10 years ago! It's worth checking out Visual studio code. It is a fairly advanced JavaScript IDE in my experience. Using it with TypeScript is amazing if you're willing to put up with the overhead of compiling to JavaScript (though you can run TypeScript without a compile step in the server using node-ts). These tools make JavaScript a lot nicer for me, and actually pretty enjoyable! I've considered this because I love the idea. I just assume I'd start seeing tons of skipped tests, haha. "I'll fix that later". I think the process would include having the team become aware of the situation and improving their editor configuration to stop littering whitespace everywhere. Otherwise I agree, that seems like a waste of time to do in isolation. I'd probably address it more completely if so many files are going to be touched, and whitespace is only one symptom of bad formatting connections. Perhaps everyone should employ the same formatter on save, for example. There is far more value in that. Getting rid of only superfluous whitespace is a bit of a time sink for what you get in return (as much as it drives me nuts). The thing is you can have a simple aesthetic and have it look nice. Not that this looks bad, but I mean, it can suit a product and stay performant, easy to maintain for designers, very little cognitive overhead to work with the design system, etc. Sometimes I feel like people lean on a lush and complex design system to draw eyes and attention away from how thin their product/data/whatever is. Welp, this is boring. Let's slap some lipstick on it. I'm not a python dev, but isn't less dependencies generally better? Or is attrs in Python natively already? Hopefully hockey will change as well. https://www.theplayerstribune.com/en-us/articles/nick-boynto... Every dependency is one more thing that can go wrong in my mind. I always drop them at every opportunity. There are some exceptions. Like I really don't want form building to be in the standard library, and I don't want to write it myself. It is nice when your package manager only takes a short manage to fetch and build though, and you can have more confidence that any mistakes will be your own (under your control) rather than someone else's. I've lived on the strait named after him my entire life and didn't know about him and his controversy. There's also a wonderful hiking trail named after him (mentioned in the article) which is well worth visiting if you're ever on Vancouver Island. It takes most people a couple days, but it's beautiful, not too difficult, and not too busy. So fascinating to think people explored these waters in hopes that it would connect to the Atlantic. Not even close. Probably something to do with being greasy and full of carbon. This was the value I perceived mostly as well. I likely wouldn't use reminders at all. In my experience, if a client isn't on the ball and can't remember or be bothered to send content, I probably don't want to work with them. Making it easy to send the content though, that's great. Keeping it all in one place is even better. This would be great if you could host it at your own domain (or can you already?) so clients just go to your website to do it rather than a totally different service. Just drop a widget into your own web page or something, tell clients to go to yoursite.com/content/clientName where they log in and start viewing. I suppose that would complicate things in other ways, but it would be nice in general to not make a user remember yet another service and url that's totally disparate from your own company. That keyboard was awesome! My new MacBook has lost 3 keys in 1 year. Welcome to the future. I really miss my MacBook air. I really, really miss pivotal. I have to use JIRA these days. The access to information, speed, clarity, and simplicity of pivotal makes JIRA feel borderline masochistic. That's also the fault of my process-obsessed co-workers who, in my opinion, often prize how we do work over actually doing work. Our workflows are hilariously over engineered. Even so, pivotal is great. I'd choose it again in a heartbeat. I like using containers as a reliable build context. I think it makes tons of sense. Once the container's done building, throw it out, take what it built, and serve it. I'd personally do this separately from the rest of the web app if possible, though. I keep frontends in their own repository. Why does half the world think they taste good and the other half thinks they don't? They must be fine... Right? I know it's not a huge deal but touch id is less secure than a good password, so it's not a complete solution. You also can't use touch id in all circumstances... It's actually quite inconsistent in that regard. Where I live I know many people who do both of these things (including myself). But we're surrounded by water and forest! It makes good sense to get out into it. I have a 7mm wetsuit so I can swim year round. Explain? Not to mention all of the professional projects which failed and fell off the radar entirely. It's hard to say what has merits without giving it time. Why I like AJV or similar options is because you get to declare what you expect with a simple schema and it rarely needs to get complicated. It's more overhead than simple functional approaches combined with conditional statements, but I think it's more approachable. Otherwise I find it doesn't leave too much of a margin for error and it's reasonably fast. It's a personal preference, but I prefer it far more than a fluent interface. I actually avoid those now despite really loving them in the past. I suppose some people would argue that 'no known side effects' extends to 'no known effects' as well in this case. Scientific evidence that it does anything at all in humans appears to be non-existent to very weak at best. Is it not 250GB Data Transfer? That would be a lot more than 250MB. Still hard to guess how they would get over that limit. There are so many people with tattoos and bank accounts larger than yours This looks cool. I think it could resolve some of the noise at the company I work for. For example, a lot of #javascript-specific chat happens in the #developers channel, but we have a #javascript channel. This is actually really annoying. I think people would more easily recognize they should put the message into #javascript if they could clearly see the dev -> javascript stream structure. Hopefully anyway. There's no way our company would migrate to Zulip though. > Zulip has modern apps for every major platform, powered by Electron and React Native. I'm not sure the underlying technologies matter to most users. This might not be good marketing, but I don't know. I know someone could have chosen to use this language with reason but figured I'd put it out there just in case. Interfaces are excellent for defining structures in both FP and OOP paradigms in my opinion. They simply describe the shape of data. This is useful in most situations I can think of at compile time. I use ajv's schema-based validation at all entry points to my application (user input from forms, urls, whatever comes back from an API, etc) and find I can very safely assume all data after that point is totally safe, so I'm using TypeScript to ensure _I'm_ not doing anything stupid. Hopefully that makes sense. Runtime type checking would be neat for sure, but I'm mostly worried about the dumb things I'll do. It's not too hard to strictly and cleanly validate foreign data at runtime, but it's historically very easy to shoot yourself in the foot with JavaScript. So I'm very happy. I think it would largely depend on the display technology. I know for some technologies a black pixel uses nearly no energy, but for others, all pixels are equally 'lit' by the same backlight. I loved the idea of the yotaphone and bought the second version (using it to write this) but it's actually the worst phone I've ever owned by a wide margin. The hardware quality is not great and it's stuck on a very old version of Android. The eink display is neat and great for navigation especially, handy for visual notifications on a desk, but otherwise not as useful or as cool as I expected. I kind of regretted buying it. We need a year or so to be sure. It took about that long before my last MBP started getting stuck keys and losing keys. For what it's worth, I type like anyone else does - but I do it a lot. That keyboard was in terrible shape by year 2. I hope the new keyboards are fixed... I have to use one for work (it's issued by my employer). It feels weird to not want a brand new Apple laptop. I was just so disappointed by that keyboard and the touch bar though. Unhealthy office food is the worst. I have a hard time avoiding it. My house has absolutely none of that stuff because I know it's a weakness... Then I go to the office and 'accidentally' eat two granola bars. 400 calories of oats and HFCS later and I'm still hungry. I feel like people want swagger to generate good docs for them, so they jam all the auto-gen annotations and what not into their code base and pump out the default generated docs and more or less leave it at that. And it's awful. The code base swells up with annotations and the docs are permanently neglected. I haven't come across many swagger-based docs that I liked. Having said that, I agree that it's a problem with the user, not the tool. Swagger is fine, you should just put some effort into using it well. Likewise. I've been considering converting my 1998 diesel Mitsubishi Delica to electric, but something fully intended to be electric from the ground up would be much nicer. Also feels weird putting a new electric drivetrain into such an old vehicle, although overall it's still in great shape. I can't imagine buying a sedan or SUV though. The Delica is incredible for so many things - the utility and comfort is unmatched. Plus it has a cool glass roof! I hope to keep that thing running for a long time, and new fancy cars look great but they're functionally lacking in a big way to me. That's what Elon looks like. I liked flash too, but it being owned by Adobe killed it. If it was open, I'd be a lot more sad about it dying. Squabble squabble Agreed. I think that community taught me a lot more than I can even recall about writing good code collaboratively. I was totally floored by 4. What a bizarre regression. 3 was relatively good so I had my hopes pretty high... I literally never used either of them again. If that's the future of the app, let me out. I always thought it was so strange that something as relieving and safe as vomiting makes us feel like the world is ending. That's stunning that (evidently) no one noticed the patents were for a physically impossible design. Was the legal battle even about the designs or more so for posturing?