There's a fallacy more.. The business never, ever, ever puts forward so simple requirements, and if they did, the only right way to respond would be to just f*ing do it. The business has a problems that's more like, "all of these CSV files clutter my desktop, I need them cleaned up". The hacker that then goes home and makes a Perl script that parses and archives all the files in a relational database need not apply, while the guy who ventures out to figure out how these files got there in the first place and how to fix the broken process should get the job. How does this "buying" concept of source control software work? > This is an interesting quote. If you replace Marx and Engels with Mohammed, Communism with Islam, and Russian with say Iranian you end up with "something you can't say". Which is again interesting, because it isn't true. You'll have to be pretty blinded not to see the main difference between Marxism and Islam - namely that the latter is a religion which can exists independently of a government, while Marxism in it's very core is a layout for a state. It doesn't make sense to live as a practising Marxist in a capitalism society, but you can very well live as a practising Muslim in a Christian or secular society. Way too many governments are using Islam to subdue their people in a totalitarian state, and they are helped by islamophobes in the west, who lend them legitimacy by claiming that it's just the way Islam is. Agreed. Indeed, most of the rewrites I've seen look like this: RewriteRule .* /index.php No, but mod_rewrite is not the only way of implementing it. In the mentioned case, index.php would implement a front-controller. mod_rewrite is black magic, and will fail without suggesting why, just throwing a 500 Internal Server Error. Debugging a front controller in PHP (or whatever) it much easier. Problem is, if the questions can be automatically generated from publicly available information (the contents of a blog), so can the answer. It will work as long as the system is not commonly available, because spammers won't care - but that's true for any new anti-spam system. Manually creating three options and selection one as the "right answer" won't work either, a spammer will just try three times, until he gets it right. I don't like the affinity test - it may work for certain types of sites, but consider the case where you criticize a company on a blog, and a rep wants to reply and participate in the discussion. If he has to do a "nontrivial amount of research" to post, he's probably not going to, which would be a shame. > It's a joke. Worse, I think it's art. I'd guess that they'd need to partition their data somehow by then, so the Europe DB is master for European users and slave for the rest, and so on. > But our monitoring servers, prior to some recent optimizations, hammered the disks as fast as they would go at over 1000 random writes per second sustained 24×7. I don't know what that monitoring thing does, but if you make it hammer your non-persistent local storage, and then sync logs to S3, you should be fine. As I understand this service, it's only for transactional stuff that absolutely need to be there after a reboot (e.g. transactional DB), if the plug is pulled accidentially. Thanks for sorting out any ideological issues anyone might have in three sentences. Or, of course, you could try to, you know, read a book about free markets, and then one on international financial regulations (I guarantee you the latter will be much longer and harder to read), and then try to put Paypal and libertarianism into the same box again. I did some consulting a few months ago. A FOAF had developed and launched a quite comprehensive online textbook, and their success was choking the the website. They don't know much programming, and had they not used a framework (and one of the slower ones at that), they wouldn't have launched. Period. I moved in, got them off shared hosting, replaced the built-in search with a Apache Solr, tuned the cache and a few other quick wins, took my money and left them my phonenumber. They live to fight another year or two, and I'll stop by and help again then. Scalability is not your problem, getting people to give a shit is. http://teddziuba.com/2008/04/im-going-to-scale-my-foot-up-y.... Frameworks helps getting people to give a shit, custom C++ extensions doesn't, so use a framework, unless Yahoo! called. > I have 20gb website backups I make every week. Well, don't use your private cable-line for that. You could push it to Amazon S3 instead? > "FDIC Fridays" or in this case "Fed Fridays" http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Take_Out_The_Trash_Day It's neither. Both capitalism and communism deals specifically with the ownership of scarce goods. Software specifically isn't a scarce good. But it's free market at its best. Both process and result. Apparently, when energy becomes matter, it creates some sort of cloud of javascript context in which the variable worldHasEnded is defined. I don't think that was covered in my college physics textbook. The market forces work just fine. It's just that there isn't a free market. If every mom and pop could set up a cellular service with a reasonable investment, there'd be a bunch of community providers, and prices would go down - just as we've been seeing with internet connections. But the spectrum is intensely regulated by authorities, frequencies are not just expensive, they are usually not available at all(:1) - because the authorities want to protect the investment of the early providers. Effectively, they made a deal that created a government sponsored monopoly, which, even if you can privately buy a share in it, is the opposite of free markets. 1: This is true for most of Europe, can't say for the US. > Just wait for there to be another option. Everyone will flood to this alternative VoIP over Wimax and Wifi, with GSM as backup .. IM replacing SMS. The future is almost here, and I think a platform like Android will help it along. Have you ever made him do something in a specific way, because of "enterprise"-reasons, politics and "that's the way we do it" instead of arguments? Do you make him run windows, when he'd rather use a Mac or Linux, because he has to use Visual Studio? Did he ever suggest that you do a project in Ruby or Python, to be told that "we're a Java shop"? Do you have bureaucratic rules? Do you make him punch in and out, and log time down to the minute? Are certain websites blocked because they are not work-related? Is the working environment pleasant. Are you six developers and two PMs on cheap chairs and small tables, in a 300 sq ft office, with hard floors and no sound dampening? Is management not only a step up in salary and responsibility, but also access to unrelated perks like a better chair? But mostly, I think, it was the "talk the talk" about creative minds, and not walk a single step of the road, that made sick of that place. He's a brilliant mind, no doubt about that. But those who ventured into science, basically up until 150 years ago, were usually royalty or similar, with incomprehensible wealth, and obedient (and often violently oppressed) subjects. If you never, in your entire life, have to worry a second if you can feed yourself and your family and keep a roof over your head, you're probably slightly more keen to see what a life of sitting down and wondering might lead to. > (not sure how this works when a bubble bursts, haven’t been around long enough). Well, after the last .com bubble burst, there was a lot less ping-pong with the CEO, and a lot more "You want fries with that" going on, as I understood it. Working in investment-banking is only about the money, in much the same way that IT is only about typing. > If it were socialism, you wouldn't have poor/middle-class people dying from treatable diseases. No, since nobody would be middle-class or above, it would only be poor people dying from treatable diseases. I think it's important to clarify that there are two layers in this. Paying for health care and providing health care. IMO, there's a good case to be made for a baseline of mandatory basic healthcare (i.e. no dying in the streets, no choosing food this week over a visit to the doctor), which should be tax-funded for families below a certain income threshold. The other end of the stick is the hospitals and doctors themselves, and there is absolutely nothing that suggests that they become more efficient or cheaper, if they are made public employees. Quite the contrary, I'd argue. In TFA, there is much focus on the quality of Steam as a content distribution platform, and it's relevancy to Googles own efforts in that venue. It sounds more like Google want to use Steam technology in other products, and don't have any particular interest in Valves current business. Maybe they'll even opensource CS, since cash flow from that is probably pretty insignificant by now, and there's a lot of good-will to obtain. On a single-user machine, screwing up as root and screwing up in your unprivileged account is pretty much the same, since the most valuable you're going to loose isn't that 20 minute Ubuntu install, but your files. And the user you use, privileged or not, will have the power to wipe your files out. Only other benefit (apart from all those programs that will complain or actually refuse to run as root) is if you run something questionable, it won't be able to install a root-kit, open a backdoor and hide the process. > he used the system the way it was built to be used and the system did what it was supposed to do. So, if I go to the mailbox outside your home (assuming the classic unlocked US design) after the mailman leave, pick up your mail, open the envelopes and post what I find on /b/, you're just gonna shrug and blame yourself for using such a badly designed security mechanism? You know, when I open your letters, the envelope does exactly what it's supposed to do, so I'm not committing a crime, right? This, and the app-store debacle, is the kind of stuff that makes me think that Apple isn't in it for the long haul. Why doesn't MacOSX ship with native GTK? And Qt? Why hasn't OpenOffice worked seamlessly from day 1? Or at least day 5? Why don't Apple embrace the huge community that worships their products, instead of becoming the next Microsoft? What have they got to loose? If getting my favourite Linux apps to run on my MacBook had bees as easy as apt-get, heck, even as easy as under Windows, I'd still use Mac OS X.. now it's running Kubuntu, and I'm regretting not getting a ThinkPad. I'm disappointed, I REALLY wanted to like MacOSX. No. But the other threads in this discussion are about Gaim/Pidgin and Gimp. Why has it been a dead-simple 5-minute thing to install those apps on Windows for years, but still tricky on MacOSX? Why did it take, what 7 years, from the launch and immediate celebration of OSX, to get native GTK? So, without knowing the answer to the above, I guess you could say I'd like it to be more like Windows (ducks). Cappucino is a web-framework. According to wikiquote, this quote is unsourced, attributed to Edsger Dijkstra: Computer Science is no more about computers than astronomy is about telescopes. http://en.wikiquote.org/wiki/Dijkstra That's because it applied to science-fields, and it applies to software engineering, which is more of a craft than a science. Agile is essentially lean production for software, and I've heard it's not so ridiculous. IANAE.. but how would nationalization be worse? Seize a bank when it's in trouble, "fix" it, and sell it in a public offering. If the income from the sale nets more than the government spend to fix it, that profit is distributed to the original shareholders. This happened i Sweden in the early 90's. Some banks were in trouble, and the government said that they'd help them, but by nationalization. One of the major banks were then suddently conveniently able to get some capital, and survived on it's own. A mortgage is essentially (depending on the rate of amortisation) renting your home form the bank. The free market is modelled around the fact that we are greedy. Communism assumes that we are (or can be made) purely altruistic ("From each according to his ability, to each according to his need" collapses if there is just a single selfish, greedy actor present). That's why free markets work remarkably better than communism. > It's entirely normal that you sign over ownership of the code to the company in exchange for your equity. That's in every form stock agreement. Yeah, but he's being asked to sign over ownership, in order to begin the process of receiving equity. If he signs that, they have every opportunity to screw him, which they do not have now. There is a considerable span between free markets and laissez-faire capitalism. Most modern "left" political movements accept free markets as a good thing, and mainly differ with the right on the level of regulation. I mainly read Ayn Rand as a criticism of the "truths" of the left wing, not as a very useful proponent of a laissez-faire society. Anyway, free markets "punish" greed, by forcing those who want material wealth to work for it, instead of leeching of others. The reason taxation and politicians is a problem in free markets is exactly greed: anybody on the receiving end of public funds have little rational motive to seek to end that stream. Broken thread, see http://news.ycombinator.com/item?id=324853 Light and with a DVI port. Why do most laptops (Apple is the only brand with DVI without a docking station, I think) only have VGA ports? DVI->VGA is trivial through a simple adaptor, if the graphics adaptor supports it (and it does), but the other way around is impossible. How about asking here if anyone is a Drupal/apache shark and is willing to help you tune your site and migrate to Slicehost? You could maybe offer to pay for (some of) the help with a sponsored link on your site. That could be reasonably attractive to a Chicago-based contractor with a low pipeline. FastCGI and mod_xcache? Made all the difference on a couple of TYPO3 (PHP CMS) site I've run. Hmm, I see a bit of a chicken-and-egg issue.. How do you configure the IP address if there's no monitor or input devices? Most colocated sites I've worked with requires static IPs. Perhaps it could be burned on the CD - add a tool that takes that info, and makes a ISO specific for that server. CD-Rs are expendible anyway these days. I could have used that last week. I had to drive serveral hours to go onsite to install a Debian server. If I could have mailed a CD-R to the guys, and done the install remotely, I could have saved a bunch of hours. I bike most places. There's good access and good parking at my university, so on bad weather days, or when I'm late, I take the car. My problem is sweat, as much as rain. After biking for 25 minutes I absolutely need to change my shirt. This is fine for everyday use, since a sweater or polo fold nicely in a backpack, but for business meetings (I'm halftime student, halftime PM), I need a suit-coat and a shirt, and they'll wrinkle way too much in a backpack. Suggestions? That's not a defence of piracy, it's a very reasonable argument that a subset of what we today call pirates, aren't. Obsoletion doesn't come from nowhere. What's the problem with current LAN-cabling that warrants the coming of a new network technology? Yeah, wireless, but it's still nice to have some places to easily plug in the access points. Pairs of copper wire is, if anything, a proven technology. And it's not like we're anywhere near pushing the limit of Ethernet technology for domestic purposes. Even if a new technology will come along, the fact that entire cites are wired from top to bottom with cat-5, you're guaranteed that any new technology wil be heavily biased towards backwards compability on the physical layer. Because Java is an incredibly powerful tool that works across a large selection of platforms with minimal effort. And, Hadoop is only the infrastructure, they have APIs for C, C++ and shell for the applications. http://wiki.apache.org/hadoop/FAQ I used the tool to make the name markovable, got the domain and made this: http://www.markovable.net OK, that felt like 1998. I had expected that a full-blown Postfix+Dovecot with IMAP, POP3, with and without SSL and TLS, on Maildirs with virtual users and DSPAM configured would be a single apt-get install. Anyway, what's a guide doing asking users to choose between four flavors of protocols? Just enable them all. Maildirs/mbox? Mbox is ancient, no possible reason to setup new accounts using that. And the biggest WTF has got to be the actual users created. Who wants to run a mailserver without virtual users and virtual domains in 2008 anyway? Why not client certificates? I'm pretty sure that's what my bank uses, they've got a java-applet that talks to a small binary file in my homedrive. The technology is simple (to implement) and well proven, guarantees security end-to-end. What is BoA trying to accomplish? Easierness? +1 for Hetzner. Even though the website is in German, I've always been able to get qualified help in English. I don't know how they'll feel about C&D's, though. I've never been in trouble with my servers. I think the model would have to be to develop an open source kit that allows standardized pluggable distributed hosting in "a box". I wouldn't expect a significant market for simple non-dynamic hosting - the solution would have to accomodate blogs, forums and other dynamic content-apps. Any provider of such hosting would just be provided with a config-file, and then start to pull the content, sync the DB etc. The kit should be designed to expect nodes to drop of randomly, and be self-healing (i.e. "elect" a new master-node, or be purely peer-to-peer). Maybe the kit could be modelled on top of Google App Engine. One single-point-of-failure would be DNS though. If your domain is .com, and Verisign pulls it, you could be hosted on the moon, and still disappear. Also end of 1981. I've got a bit of an entrepreneurial spirit (haven't got anything off the ground yet, though), and I'm pretty sure that if I was five years older, I'd be a ex-Porche owner :) Fonts are embedded in most PDF files. http://pmjdebruijn.blogspot.com/2006/06/extracting-fonts-fro... I know it's not completely what you asked, but I'm with the OP - the one thing I missed the most in my one year in Windows-land last year, was the command-line shell. Everything you can do on a Linux machine, you can do in the shell Two days ago I was handed a CD with some fonts on it, and needed to get an overview of them - two lines of commands, right in the shell, took me maybe 20 minutes, to generate a HTML page with a PNG sample of each font. I'd say, it's not so much the API itself, as much is there is just ONE API - POSIX. Files, processes and signals. This it the root of a very simple design philosophy, that much *NIX software adheres to. Most thirdparty libraries provide a C-library that can be linked to an application - but it also provides a small tool that implements all functionality. Input values aren't "resources" or instances of this or that object. They are one of: Strings on the commandline, a piped stream or a file. And most often, all are possible. Output is a integer return value (typically just true or false), another stream or another file. Windows does not have that single, simple API that everything adheres to, so there's no one culture of Windows development. Many of the APIs that exist in the Windows ecosystem, e.g. WMI, that I've been using to script IIS control, is perfectly well equipped to become a "POSIX-killer" - if it would just become pervasive. WMI is next to worthless when I can use it to control IIS, but not some other feature, and I can straight away forget about talking to the Win32 API altogether from Windows Script Host, and even in C#.net it's unnecessarily difficult. Yeeess.. that one game out there that's not about killing, maiming, conquering and dismembering various adversaries, I think it might be about love. I guess the "Cash not stock" advice is more true right now, in retrospect, than in general? I mean, since stock is riskier than cash, you can demand more of it? Of course it depends what stock is on offer - but as the market looks now, and if I'm able to sit on it for five years, I'd absolutely prefer 110 value-units of GOOG over 100 value-units of cash. > Can anyone seriously argue that ingredient labels are anti-market? Well, there are two factors: 1) If the government mandates that a certain value is indicated on the label, it also vouches to a certain extent that the "better" value (lower for calories) is actually "better". So calories is OK, but it's a slope. How about an Atkins-adherence(or whatever)-index? The problem is that once such a measure is implemented, it is exceedingly difficult to get rid of it, even if it turns out to be bogus or even misleading, because the politician supporting it will be accused of being anti-consumer (why would s/he be against more information?), or just in the pocket of Big Food. 2: It may not be very cost effective to calculate the appropriate value. Consider a restaurant, where the chef that goes to the farmers market every day and gets whats really fresh and in season. The chef now has to commit time, everyday, calculating the calorie-count for each dish. More bookkeeping, less cooking. It may be easy to do for calories (I'm not sure, I'm neither a chef nor a dietist), but what if it requires samples to be sent to a lab somewhere? I read somewhere that a reasonable measure it to consider the invenstment. If you were to buy your share, you'd have to put $X down to get a return of 45%*profit(not salaries)/year. Calculate backwards to get the interest rate on various down payments, and see what makes sense. Considering that the 100k is profit and not your salaries, the share's profit is $45.000: $100.000 = 45% interest rate .. a little too nice! $1.000.000 = 4.5% interest, keep your money in the bank $300.000 = 15% interest - pretty sweet spot. Back-of-the-envelope, I'm niether an accountant or an auditor. He'd still have to be active on the board, and make sure his partner doesn't run the business into the ground.. e.g. by hiring someone to do his job, and go live of his passive income stream :) It's 6.25%, actually. http://www.danskebank.dk/Dansketoprente I've been modded a bit around on this, does anyone care to elaborate on whether this is a sensible method? I, for one, demand that Conservative America keeps using Emacs! I though of this one: http://www.despair.com/incompetence.html 58667 digg-orig.html 14585 digg-orig.html.gz 58560 digg-noegg.html 14524 digg-noegg.html.gz 61 bytes. To paraphrase Dijkstra: Democracy is a much about voting as astronomy is about telescopes. And the next sentence: "In this country you work harder to achieve your dreams and goals." 1: The higher the tax, the harder you have to work to achieve your dreams and goals => the decision to leave certainty for a venture is harder => less people will do it. 2: A tax increase counts twice when you're hiring e.g. cleaning help for your home, since both you and the cleaner is paying the higher tax. Thus, it get harder to pay for cleaning (gardening, construction, mechanics etc), and you're more likely to do it yourself, devoting less time to your family, start-up or work. 3: Finally, higher taxes will make it harder to promote/be promoted. In a promotion, you get more money and more responsibilities. The higher the tax, the less money will be in your pocket after the promotion, and the incentive to accept is lower. Coupled with no. 2, if you're busy building a new bathroom and a garage at home, you don't have the time to accept more responsibilities at work. By the way - watch out for "95% won't be affected" rhetoric. A functioning democracy can't just be 95% fleecing the 5% - or the 55% fleecing the 45%. As it is, I can only conclude that you are really bad at reading, since my post contains general observations about taxation, and only a brief remark about Obama. In the interest of making everyone smarter, rather than throwing mud, might you care to share where my math is wrong? A lot of this points out why I don't understand "left-leaning" folk. When the minimum is forced up, being better than the minimum gets harder. If you make it harder to fire people, hiring becomes more risky and especially smaller firms will think twice. If you force employers to pay for employees sickdays, and make it illegal for the employer to even ask you what's wrong, mr. nice guy, who'd never ask anyway, is cornered by mr. bad boss, who's just looking out for the law. If you force the minimum wage up, all those jobs worth less than the minimum wage will not be done. Not a problem for high-tech startups, but if you're the guy washing staircases at night, and your price goes up, you'll be the first to go when things are rough. Low salary employees are seldom unexpendable. If you think you're being unfairly treated at work, protest. If that doesn't work, quit. If you need to keep your job because you have credit card debt and the installments on your new home entertainment center and custom build kitchen and the mortgage and ... well, you got yourself into the mess, do you really think it's fair to get the government to bully evil mr. $250.000 into bailing you out, and imply that he's somehow not deserving of his salary? No. The only thing added is a highly speculative and suggestive quote ( Of course, factoring in enough cronyism, corruption and official ignorance and boosterism, it’s possible the principals could make some money during the initial stages, before the crows come home to roost ) from the "Los Alamos Study Group". Also, the article ends in the words, "Or maybe not". That fully sums up the criticism of the device. I think the guy simplifies the whole thing just a little beyond what's fair. Technocratic incompetence at least doesn't describe the guys with (R)'s next to their names in this video: http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=_MGT_cSi7Rs I don't find it intuitive at all. And the 24-hour-mode almost scares me; how can someone doing innovative work on time fail to grasp 24-hour time so thoroughly? To put some perspective on the notion that US evil >> JP evil for using the nuclear bomb. In school (in Europe) I remember being taught how horrible the two bombs were and that it was somewhat good that the war was put to en end, but with much more stress on the former. I was never taught about the atrocities committed by the Japanese. It's a good rule of thumb. If I'm going to work for less what I'm getting now, there should be a well articulated reason for it. Now, that might be that I'm currently overpaid, but still looking to leave my job, or that the job is very very cool, or that I'm getting stock options that I'm really confident in - and of course, if I'm relocating to an area with a significantly different cost of living. When I saw this, I was inspired to make a proof-of-concept for an alternative, and IMHO more intuitive, GUI-metaphor. Watch-style time selector: http://holding.biplane.dk/watch/ I have a similar story, but with a different outcome.. My mother was running windows 95 on a old PC, and she had some trouble. I looked at it, decided I needed to re-install, and told her that I wanted to put Ubuntu on it. There was a bit of worry if she'd be able to figure it out, and I told her yes, and also strongly suggested that when she asks for my help, she should be willing to accept my recommendations. Voila, Ubuntu installed and a brief, "wow, I'm actually running linux now?", and she was happy. Firefox, Thunderbird and OpenOffice FTW. Corporations with archaic IT operations procedures will be difficult, but the Windows 98-neighbours and mothers of the world need to start using Ubuntu. Well, if there is a demand for a "clever" get-a-freelancer site, where focus is on qualifications and portfolio, and not down-bidding, the market should be providing one. Capitalism isn't just about down bidding :) I'm probably going to need a remote, freelance Django dev or two soon, but I'm not too sure how to go about it. The biggest issue, from what I can read, will be how well the data is partitioned. If every single write will affect every single subsequent read in a non-trivial manner, it's a really hard problem, and you're looking at really expensive hardware. If you're able to partition the data, it's "just" a question of throwing enough servers at the problem. Yeah, that's my best bet so far. What exactly is the output? Really? Why? What makes driving a stranger around in your car so much more dangerous than driving your wife and kids around? It's absolutely crazy. The bus company asking the government to protect it from delivering the service that their customers want and need. > * Taxi drivers tend to be unsafe drivers > * Taxi drivers tend to drive unsafe vehicles That's for the insurance companies to settle. It's easy to imagine that "regular" liability insurance policies will prohibit commercial transportation of humans in the vehicle. > * Taxi drivers tend to rip off their customers Your "P2P Car Service" rating will plummet if you rip off your customers. By the same measure, eBay and Craigslist should be blatant failures. But these are all issues that a well-established P2P Car Service could handle. Require drivers to submit a current copy of their license, insurance claim history and registration for the car in question every 3-6 months. Make this information available on the website (except driver's lastname and address or whatever for privacy). Put a GPS logger in each car (if it's not on, you don't get paid). Charge exclusively on a point-to-point basis (e.g. let the driver carry the risk of going in circles). Yes, I wanted to ask you what the output was, because, as others have pointed out, that's probably the determining factor in how you should structure the data. If I understand correctly, when I post "A" and a short while later, I post "B", and in the meantime everyone else posts X posts, then at the time of posting B, I want to get a return of exactly X? If that's the case, you should just keep a central counter, which is your critical region. Updating that 16.000 times a second in a blocking way should be possible. Sounds like something Erlang guys do to show off. The rest of the app can be completely de-coupled. Once you've increased the counter, you save userid, timestamp and counter, and fetch the former post, and return the diff of the counter-values. The only thing in this setup that's hard is the counter. one other thing I noticed.. you're very enthusiastic about that everything should happen in exactly the correct order, and not even +/- .2 seconds deviation is in order. We're looking at around 16.000 transactions a second - that's 0.0625 ms pr transaction, or about 1/1000 of a regular internet roundtrip (50 ms is very common for DSL and Cable connections), so the of incoming requests will arrive in quite random order, within about 1000 requests .. make sure that doesn't break your business-model. So you problem is not processing 1.000.000 requests pr. minutes, but rather how to sort up to 60.000.000 items 1.000.000 times pr. minute? Now that could prove to be quite problematic. If your sorting algorithm only requires one processing instruction pr. stored item, and is perfectly parallelizable, and there's zero overhead in the map-reduce, you'll need 300 3 ghz cores to do it. Well yeah. That would be cool. Anyway, in a point that relates to the OP, it would be that I hope lawmakers will see this as a cue to reform and privatise taxi-regulation. What? There was a thriving free market and suddenly the public taxi-regulation-and-rationing scheme out-competed everyone else? I'll more-or-less repeat my advice from the other thread.. Keep the current highest bid as well as timestamp and owner of the bid in a very simple data structure in RAM. In another section of RAM, keep a datastructure for each user, keeping track of bids, and the current number of bids for the auction and the current bid. When a new bid comes in, first lookup the user's record, and check if the bid is legal, and then pass it on to compare with the current highest bid. This is your critical section. if the bid is higher than the current, update, otherwise reject. The exercise is to make your critical region (ie. the section of code that only ONE client can be executing at the same time) as small as possible, since it will be the limiting factor. If you don't think my solution will work, please explain, in terms of business requirements, why it won't - because I can't see what your alternative solution achieves, except being orders of magnitude slower then mine. For an example, you want to search for the current highest bidder. Why not always keep the current highest bidder in the same place? Looking in one place costs 1 cycle, looking in thousands of places (searching) costs thousands of cycles. Write me an email (see my profile) if you want to continue the discussion. You can NDA me if you want to. > Startup idea wouldn't really work, it costs way too much money to bring a car to market, and there aren't that many startups in the automotive space, Tesla is pretty much it. I think that I you set up a incubator with $200mln for pre-seed VC, with a priority for potentially labor-intensive and/or automotive businesses, you'd see some significant job creation. Not enough to offset GM layoff overnight, but at least the solutions provided will be sustainable. I'm not saying they would be mass-producing cars. I'm saying, creative innovative people will think of something nice to do with 200 mln and 200.000 good pairs of hands. Successful niche forums/boards have a social contract that the participants enforce on each other. The fact that you on HN need x1 points to vote comments down, and x2>>x1 points to kill stories (and on Slashdot, the karma-system), ensures that new members are accepted into the contract by peers based on contribution. In older times, boards had moderators, and admins picked out active members as mods based on their performance. But this model is susceptible to group-think, especially when a topic falls outside the contract. It just happened here during the presidential election that apparently the body of users are sufficiently politically diverse, that intelligent, respectful debate prevailed over mindless up-voting of anything adhering to one specific mindset. It could very well have went in the other direction. It's absolutely no guarantee that you because someone make insightful tech/startup comments, that he also is going to vote down a stupid comment, even if it's in favor of his political POV. Solving this problem; making sure that a community like HN can stay intelligent, and not be diluted as it gains popularity, I think, is a very big opportunity. So did you want to e-mail me? I haven't received anything. Lack of action doesn't imply inability. That's what's different. A parked car is not a car that's not able to drive. It's a car that's not driving. As bigbang said, the third world. But more importantly, it allows people, also in the western world, to convert free time into some money. You might have a unchallenging 9-5 job, and easily have 5-6 hours to pass in the evenings. If you turk rather than watch bad TV and get a few extra dollars an hour, over a week, it's maybe $100/week extra to put away for something nice. Also, you can cancel the big cable package if you stop watching TV. Getting a night shift somewhere would probably pay more, but include bosses, annoying co-workers/customers, standing up, sweating, smelling like french fries etc. rather sitting in a nice chair, working at your own pace, with the TV on in the background, and being able to go call on your kids if you need to. In fact, min. wage minus sitter might be less than what you can get from turking. It could be made clearer that it won't work outside US/Canada. It would seem that the Slashdot system of capping karma at "Excellent" is s means to this end, but Slashdot isn't a better place for it. I'd say, that if anything, down-voting should count proportionally to your karma. If you've got 5k karma, you could go on a flaming-spree for days, and still have more karma than the best newcomers. That said, I don't think it's that big of a problem. When I (and it's seldom) look at a users karma, I always look at it in relation to created-days-ago. Karma 100, created one month ago > karma 200 created a year ago. I think the divide isn't really between "believing" in global warming or not - but between blaming "western" progress, industrialism, consumerism, globalism and capitalism, and placing as a premise for a solution that we can't allow our progress to slow down to fix this, and we CERTAINLY can't ask China and India to slow down theirs. The former is (roughly) the Kyoto/Copenhagen bunch, the latter is the "spend A LOT - NOW on nuclear energy (we need a lot of energy, and it will keep growing) and research in energy storage (fuel cells etc.) and biotech (get rid of the C02 we already have)". I think that pretty much holds true for any forum with activist admins. Problem is, it's not scalable, it's not even sustainable. It's a lot of hard work, it's hard to pass on "in the same spirit", and the larger the admin group, the more unreceptive to change it is. Also, on HN there's a distinct "we" feeling - my (limited) experience is that admin-dominated forums are more focused on class (ie. looking up, even sucking up, to mods). Would it perhaps be practical to pull the binary files out of SCM and build a small tool that figures out denpendencies and downloads the relevant files from the build server? It sounds like that might ease your constraints. It's often said that developers need to understand the business, and bring forward a business-case, not a technical case. So: how much money will lose by choosing the wrong SCM today because you're unwilling to change a process you even agree is sub-optimal? Try to count the number of check-ins, branching, merging etc. the entire team does in a year, multiply by five, and then multiply by even a few seconds of lost time, annoyment and agony pr. event. I would guess that in that perspective you can afford spending a few days seeing if you can change the build-artifact process to allow you a wider selection of SCMs.