I thought Hackers News was not supposed to turn into Reddit. A $100/month dedicated server probably doesn't have RAID 10 or other server-class features, but it will probably have more CPU capacity than a $100/month VPS. As virtualization software improves, I expect the advantages of VPSes to increase. If anyone knows of a particularly good provider, I'm willing to add it to the database. I just added Prgmr.com since they appear to be cheap and hacker-friendly. They solved a hardware problem (the centralized crossbar), but it's not clear what progress they have made on software scalability. BTW, I thought the Ars article was better. They say it is secure because all your traffic flows through their server in the clear but they don't look at it. It's refreshingly honest that the site admits this. But GotoSSH isn't as secure as regular SSH and it probably is not as secure as it could be (e.g. a Flash SSH client that implements the SSH protocol on the client side). But since security doesn't matter in Web 2.0 (can I borrow your Google password for a minute?), this looks like a great service. Are you talking about scaling from 1/10 of a server to 1 server, or from 1 to 10 servers, or from 10 to 1000 servers? I was turned off by 3Tera/TheGridLayer because their sites are all marketing, no tech. But I just discovered the docs ( http://doc.3tera.net/AppLogic2/WebHome.html ), so now it's possible to size up their system without some salesperson sizing up my wallet first. TGL's prices for individual VPSes do not look competitive and the starting price of $4000/month for a virtual datacenter is pretty spicy. Previous VPS discussion: http://news.ycombinator.com/item?id=43949 Most providers do not mention scalability or upgrades on their sites, so maybe it is worth paying more to MT for scalability. Of course, the nodes in an actual supercomputer can send data to each other faster than 384 kbps. Yikes, where to start. "Databases store data to disk. Thats all what 90% of us use them for. They are essentially elaborate hash tables backed by a disk drive." Sure, if you don't need indices or transactions. "a disk failure is still a major disaster. Even if you have backups, even if you have replication, there will be downtime and manual labor while a new master server is established." If you use a dual-port, dual-controller RAID 10 with hot spares, you'll never even notice a disk failure. (No wonder the SmugMug people are so smug.) But I admit replication is a great solution for people who consider their time to be a sunk cost. "Databases never put your 10-20 commodity server boxes with all their spare disk space to use." At least this is true (for now). Given that Web 2.0ers apparently don't care about most database features anyway, maybe HBase will solve this problem. This isn't all that paranoid; Adobe's business model for Flash is similar, although they haven't attacked Red5 yet. A few companies are working on that, but I don't think the results will be free. http://rightscale.com/ http://www.enomalism.com/ A purely negative article tends to give that impression. What's the alternative? Brands likes to mention how perfect Credentica is, but it isn't deployed anywhere. OpenID may turn out to be the worst identity protocol, except for all the others that have been tried. What really perplexes me are the sites that still use FTP for serving large files, as if FTP is better than HTTP for that purpose. I don't know if we should be happy; according to Groklaw the bankruptcy filing will put the Novell and IBM lawsuits on hold, moving SCO's day of reckoning even further into the future. Please, whatever you do, don't host the video on YouTube. (Ahem, Wesabe.) To me, nothing says "I love compression artifacts" and "I can't afford to host my own site" more than YouTube. As for software, check out these (which I have not used): http://www.varasoftware.com/products/wirecast/ http://www.adobe.com/products/visualcommunicator/ I liked the idea of Snapz Pro until I discovered how difficult it is to edit footage losslessly. For our last screencast at the office I think we used Camtasia. My guess is that Google never wanted to build a wireless network; instead they want a telco (who already has towers) to be tricked/forced to build a network that suits Google. In this case we're really talking about configuration isolation. If you're running a database and a Web server on one machine and then want to move them onto separate machines, you have to untangle and move the config files. But if they're separate VMs from the start, then there's nothing to untangle. YouTube doesn't do any live streaming AFAIK. But RAM can be substantially larger than 4GB these days. The local storage is persistent until Amazon shuts down the virtual machine whenever they want . (They say that it only happens due to hardware failures or EC2 platform upgrades, but you have no control over those events.) I haven't used EC2, but the complexity would worry me if I was on a schedule. If you only have a few months of runway and you spend most of them sharpening your EC2 tools rather than coding features you could be doomed. But Rhino has nothing to do with browsers. If you want cached, compiled JavaScript, try Flash Player 9. But I am equally sure that EC2 does not oversell CPU/RAM resources and does not move VMs around. I don't think Xen even supports memory overcommit. Looking at the new user interface, at first I thought this was a Web app. There's also some visible influence from Lightroom. FUD isn't supposed to be specific. And for slides there's the Beamer class: http://latex-beamer.sourceforge.net/ (If MS Office/OpenOffice is "office 1.0" and GDocs/Buzzword/Sliderocket is "office 2.0", then what is LaTeX?) "Once we've killed backing up in favor for keeping our files in the cloud, the next step will be keeping those files out of silos." I'd prefer to do those in the reverse order. I didn't go to the talk, but from the slides I got the impression that if you're the next Twitter you'll find it cheaper to build your own datacenter than to rent from Joyent. I don't know if this is true, though. Beware; this thing almost locked my browser. A good idea for Google, Yahoo, and Amazon, since students will come out of college already trained on their infrastructure. It's also notable that Google is somewhat endorsing Hadoop. This looks more like using a new rendering engine as an excuse to develop a new programming language. Which doesn't sound too unreasonable, but if that's the goal ROC should be upfront about it. Presumably the parallel browser would be faster and maybe even BeOS-smooth. It's not clear that this is enough justification for a new browser. It's more like 1/10 of DRAM speed, which is still awesome. Isn't this essentially SesameVault? http://www.sesamevault.com/ I suspect it's irrelevant, since when given a choice between paying one cent to host HD video and free craptastic YouTube, most people would choose YouTube. One obvious use is to see a book in a real bookstore, then immediately buy it cheaper online. Maybe you could even use the phone's camera to scan the UPC code. :-) This article doesn't define scaling. It's clear enough from context, but it should be pointed out that price scaling and performance scaling are different. In fact, once you substitute "reduce $/GB over time" for "scale", the article becomes totally obvious. In other news, All Processors Should Follow Moore's Law (because if you don't, you'll go out of business). Obviously people won't use it as temp space; they'll use it to store databases and replicate them on multiple instances for reliability. Yes, it looks like Amazon has been solving the easy problems (paid AMIs, bigger instances) first, while the hard problems will be addressed later. But given that it took a year or so to add large instances, I wonder when load balancing and storage will be improved. Except the open source model doesn't support SaaS very well, so if all software becomes SaaS then open source becomes much less relevant. I think you're supposed to trust the commons. The commons can do no wrong. I noticed that the iPhone is the only mobile device listed on the support page. OTOH, if Googlers are forced to use Gmail internally, I'm not sure how they lived this long without IMAP. Usually there is a choice between proprietary "pre-standard" products that come out pretty quickly or standards-based products that take years to arrive. This allows customers to make the time-to-market vs. lock-in tradeoff. Doesn't Xen already come with tools to create VMs? If you find them too hard to use, maybe try Fedora's virt-manager. Honestly, what's the benefit of Scribd over a simple HTML page for a document like this? Wasn't "utility computing" good enough? Why do we need to rename it to "HaaS"? Sorry, you're in the wrong decade; the OODB people are now working on XMLDBs (or sometimes RDF triple stores). So when does "peak SQL" kick in? I think you should use a descriptive title. I don't see anything obviously wrong with these APIs, but they don't live up to the hype about "opening social networks". OpenSocial does nothing to break down the identity silos and their network effects. Classful addressing? Fail. No Hilbert curves? Fail. :-) Maybe you should post this again after there's something to see. Introducing vapor won't get you much cred here. Symbian is seriously threatened by Android; even if Android isn't very good some handset makers may switch to it simply to avoid Symbian licensing costs. AFAIK Symbian has no other business to fall back on. The problem is that if a protocol allows bad implementations, then even the good implementations have to invest effort to interoperate with the losers. Bram doesn't have the patience to deal with losers. This article is one big troll. Virtually no technical details about Android are known, yet an antivirus company is spreading FUD about malware? I'm sure they have only the users' best interests in mind... Crazy expensive. Too bad we have no technical details about BD+ or the alleged crack, so it's hard to know what's true and what's spin. You don't need a Google source to recognize a patent troll. Honestly, I don't know why the media even bothers to cover these stories; there seem to be more of them every week and they're virtually all irrelevant. Come on, give us a link or something. Many of the Android libraries are written in C, so if they had a stable API/ABI then portable native apps could be written. It would be merely expensive. That must be some PC; the fastest 7200 RPM disk can transfer 100MB/s. There is an engineering tradeoff here; doing I/O in multiple threads introduces seeks, but it simplifies the code dramatically. Using one thread for I/O will introduce data copies and locking for the work queue. This situation is hardly new; Dalvik is (unsurprisingly) similar to the Danger VM and a few other unlicensed embedded pseudo-Java VMs. (Blast from the past: http://www.networkworld.com/news/0323sun.html ) I disagree with the analysis about patents. Dalvik has Java semantics and probably infringes several Sun patents. But all software these days infringes patents; who cares. IMO this misses the point of Time Machine. 1. Time Machine is easy to use. 2. Time Machine doesn't grind your disk as much as rsync because it uses FSEvents. 3. Time Machine backups are faster and use less space because HFS+ allows hardlinks to directories. This is the poorest PowerPC history article I've ever seen, and in addition the author displays a great misunderstanding of computer architecture. "Bezos explains that it's only fair to charge less for e-books because you can't give them as gifts, and due to restrictive antipiracy software, you can't lend them out or resell them." Wow, someone in the DRM business admitted that DRM subtracts value. Wasn't that called J2EE? :-) The problem with forcing apps to be written in Java/dex bytecode is that you can go higher-level (Python/Ruby/Scala/etc.) but you can't go lower-level (C/asm). So if you want to add any new audio/video codecs, they are guaranteed to be much slower than the built-in codecs. If you want to write your own browser it has to be in bytecode, while the built-in WebKit browser is native code. But Android phones may allow native apps; we really don't know at this point. Wow, that must be some good hosting if you have to get an invitation for the privilege of paying for it. This sounds like a waste of time. PDF and Acrobat are suffering from serious feature bloat (3D? JavaScript?), so copying that bloat won't excite many users. It also displays the FSF's habit of trying to replace existing open source projects that have been under development for years (GNUTLS and Gnash come to mind). Haven't you heard? Performance doesn't matter; it's all about scalability these days. After all, what's the difference between 100 servers and 200 servers? VMware Server is free, so there's almost no tax on virtual appliances now. Another interesting quote from the same message: "repeat after me: client = flash in the browser, server = erlang. Intermediate protocol = flash AMF" Now that's opinionated software. Perhaps a better title would be "we can't stop people from cloning our platform, so we might as well embrace it". I have to wonder if anyone will actually pay to clone Facebook's API, though. Finally Adobe admits that AMF3 isn't a secret -- months after it was reverse-engineered. I wonder if they'll also decide to "open" RTMP after RTMPE comes out. It sounds like SimpleDB runs on EC2, meaning it can't do anything that you couldn't build yourself on EC2. If you replicate data across enough EC2 nodes you can get durability (at the cost of complexity and high MTTR). IMO it doesn't make sense for SimpleDB to be billed like EC2. An EC2 instance is using resources even when it's idle, so Amazon has to bill for that. Because SimpleDB is (presumably) fine-grained multi-tenant, it should only bill for the time consumed by query execution. It would have been clearer if Amazon priced it at 0.0000000388 dollars per millisecond or something, but then people might scratch their heads over rounding errors. The C10K page is historical; it's about 5 years old. Now that the Web serving problem has been solved there's not much point in updating the page. Poppler already exists if that's what you want. The point is that more processor speed expands your possibilities only if you are smart enough to actually use it . Lazy (dare I say "blub") programmers are being left in the dust. (Of course, this isn't the first time some programmers have resisted change. I remember a great rant about how if you program in assembly and never hit in the cache, the Pentium 4 was no faster than the Pentium III and thus useless. That guy probably quit programming entirely when multicore arrived.) No, Jumpbox provides virtual appliances (i.e. they run in VMware) while these are regular packages. Oh my, relocatable self-contained binary software packages! What will they think of next? What is it about open source culture that prevents the upstream developers from providing working packages? Reading the comments, it's not actually written in Forth. This article is old and the chip is useless; it's virtually impossible to program. Static content faster than dynamic content - YouTube at 11! I guess the real story here is that many people have become so accustomed to using dynamic techniques (with the added benefit of no caching whatsoever) and/or the world's slowest Web server software to serve essentially static content, that they don't even see the overhead. I've long wondered why GrandCentral doesn't offer this feature; it sounds like a good fit. As for TossableDigits, it looks like a feature masquerading as a company. Performance? Deployment? Enterprisey marketing BS? Not really. Android's VM has Java semantics and should be able to run any Java bytecode, including JRuby, Jython, Rhino, etc. The contest requirement to use Java may just be an oversight on Google's part. JVM-based dynamic languages may not execute very fast on a phone, though. IMO the real story is not that Ning has porn but that several blogs decided to write scaremongering posts about it. One app server and one DB server counts as "scaling" now? The wireless industry doesn't look very blown up to me; in fact, the iPhone appears to be a step back since it is only available on one carrier, while most other phones are non-exclusive. The results of a programming aptitude test might be useful for students, though. It could save them the effort of enrolling in CS, failing the classes, then switching to a different major. The developers are probably not getting much money, if last year is any guide. http://daringfireball.net/2006/12/iniquities_of_the_selfish Linux-VServer is an odd choice, since it appears to be less actively maintained and less popular than OpenVZ/Virtuozzo. Yeah, I'm not outraged over it either. I suspect that MacHeist and the participating developers never anticipated selling as many copies as they did, so they didn't consider that MacHeist might walk away with most of the money. Since this is the second year, developers are probably a little smarter in their negotiations. I think it's worth discussing since "how to not get ripped off while starting your business" is a popular topic here on YC. A few developers have reported that they got virtually no upgrade sales after MacHeist/MacZot: http://reinventedsoftware.com/blog/2007/12/17/so-thats-why-i... NIH? There are extensions for RSS/Atom that allow threaded comment feeds; if you combine this with the feed reading support in Thunderbird it might almost get you a news-like reading experience. Probably the biggest challenge would be getting blogs to output threaded feeds. A standard protocol for posting comments on blogs sounds like it would be politically difficult due to fear of comment spam (it doesn't matter whether that fear is justified). Technically I think you could use unathenticated AtomPub, but I don't know if anyone has implemented this use case. As for NNTP, you can't serve it from a $7 Dreamhost account so obviously it sucks. Meta observation: By the time a technology story is in the Economist it's probably old news on Hacker News. An outage at a Web 2.0 site is unlikely to kill anyone, so it doesn't justify government intervention like the NTSB. Laws have been proposed requiring companies to report on privacy breaches, but I don't think they require companies to say why the breach happened, and they don't require an outside audit. The ROC project suggested something similar, although their analogy was not to the NTSB but an internal Ma Bell policy that required a report to be written for all outages. However, most companies don't want to release details about their outages, especially ones that are not customer-visible. When companies do talk about outages (as Joel just did) it's usually as a form of PR damage control. http://roc.cs.berkeley.edu/#pubs Doing nothing or breaking protocols may also be critical errors, so Time Warner's plan is not necessarily doomed. Looks like a plagiarized article. No, these pages aren't indexed anyway because they contain no useful content and Google already has a "sandbox" to penalize brand new sites. The article is about Google ads that are placed on these tasty pages. If Google refuses to serve these ads, the tasters make less money. I guess you're referring to Freenet and similar projects. I doubt it's BitTorrent's fault that most people don't care about Freenet. Why charge so little? Anything so cheap might as well be free.