A self-paced version of that course is (still) available now: https://class.stanford.edu/courses/Engineering/Compilers/Fal... Possible downside: Apple could end up bidding against Tesla for employees, factories, and rare materials; increasing the price of electric cars and slowing Tesla's production and growth, while not producing many cars itself for some time. That's what I thought at first too, but as I thought about it, I began to wonder. They certainly have the chutzpah to try, and they have an ocean of money to spend overseas. A longshot bet on building another trillion dollar product might be preferable to paying corporate and personal income tax on dividends. I think bdcravens means that to install Go from source on, say, a new Linux box, we will have to download a binary version of Go first, even though we probably already have gcc. What happens if this catches on, and PyPy replaces CPython, and other languages do the same? Hassles for those who prefer to install from source, and potentially a lot of duplication of effort writing compiler backends in every language. After 9/11, a lot of Americans wanted to see "the terrorists" suffer, but there may be something dangerous about a person who can bear to personally inflict the torture. Just having people in power who are willing to order torture worries me. No, I was just pointing out a drawback. Of course there are advantages too. In this particular case, though, I wonder why the Go team is planning to spend a lot of effort rewriting an already existing compiler. Rewriting a popular project from scratch can be a dangerous temptation. I agree the installation issues are fairly trivial; they were just a response to the original comment. But the duplication of effort (which won't end when the "GoGo" compiler is ready to replace cgo), and a potential freeze in Go while "GoGo" catches up, are more serious drawbacks. Yes, that is a trade-off other compiler teams have made, and it may be the right choice for Go as well, but it should be (and no doubt has been) considered. "There is a joy in programming with Haskell. ... There's so much working Haskell code out there, that you can just stare at days for and not really understand (but always use!)." Is that a positive quality of Haskell? A professor once told me he studied pure math _because_ it had no applications. Industrial jobs required a great deal of skill until they were broken down into easy tasks and each worker learned only one task. The work of imagining, planning, and creating the Industrial Revolution occupied the greatest minds of that time. I find it difficult to imagine "assembly lines" for software, creating coding jobs within the reach of a 50 year old truck driver, but as the tools improve, who knows. I agree, but that attitude makes sense from a certain perspective (shared by much of the government, and parts of the media and corporate leadership). It's more like _your girlfriend_ getting mad at your friend for telling you she was cheating. Or "We would have gotten away with it if not for that meddling kid." Along with the legal gymnastics regarding independent contractors, this struck me as notable: "If Solominsky had built his own handyman business, he would not be so impacted by the decisions of another company. But all he has of his supposedly independent business—his pages and pages of glowing reviews, his nearly unanimous five-star ratings—is tied up on the TaskRabbit platform." Something to keep in mind as/before we replace an economy built on independent small businesses with an economy of "independent" Uber drivers, Amazon sellers, etc. Sorry about ruining the joke, but "the French and Indian War" is simply the name Americans gave to their part in the Seven Years War, a worldwide war between France (and allies) and Britain (and allies). Britain did win. For anyone who hasn't seen this story: http://marshallbrain.com/manna1.htm The about page says these photos are curated from the web and submitted by users. How do you ensure that they fall under the Creative Commons CC0 license? Is there a free, light tutorial book like "For Great Good" for OCaml? You can keep an ORM and use SQL only when needed, for example passing raw queries to the ORM, or using a view in the database engine. Or use homegrown database wrapper module(s) and keep compile time checking in the vast majority of the code. I think learning SQL when you already know LINQ is a bit like learning C when you know C#. Knowing one makes it easier to learn the other, and there's value to understanding the underlying abstraction layer, but you'll avoid using it if you can. I really like this book, but I think it may be teaching some bad habits by ignoring performance concerns. Fair enough. I guess I mean to say that I really like this book, and would enjoy more from the author teaching fast Haskell, to supplement this book about simple Haskell. I like the design, but why do you need to be able to create Tweets for your users and follow new people? I stopped when I saw that. I'd like to use this without e-mail, perhaps by building a list of technologies in a query string like https://vulnia.com?vulnerabilities=rails%2C%20ruby%2C%20mong... (naturally, that link doesn't work, or didn't when I wrote this) Thank you for changing the Twitter permissions. I signed up. This has potential. How does it work? My guess: a better RSS reader. This would be a slick design for that. Can I add sources other than the ones you've chosen? I like the short summaries, but where do they come from? I thought it might just be the first paragraph, but for "Feature Friday: Accept Bitcoin With Stripe", the summary comes from the middle of the article. Is it in fact from RSS? Also, I'd like to be able to mark my favorite articles, and view a list of my favorites. That's Grand Canyon Village, the existing visitor center in the National Park. I spent a week there once for a wilderness first responder course; it's very much a small town. The more they deny this is a problem, the more it damages their reputation. They should just admit the problem, thank the security experts, and develop an easy fix. Same problem. "We've limited requests for this url." No paywall via Google: https://www.google.com/search?q=%22Warning:+too+much+finance... I'll do that. Thanks for taking a look. Best of luck to you. I see a lot of hard work in your future. Here's hoping you can scale up fast enough to outpace demand and give everyone a good first impression. If anyone finds this in the future, resetting my router fixed the problem. I think that quote was about performance. Full context: > While it performs pretty well nowadays, it still isn’t competitive with C or C++ and, with a little love, Haskell and OCaml can or will eclipse it in that domain. But don't underestimate C and C++. They're still widely used; by some measures, moreso than Java. But preferable to what happens to abandoned closed source software. > ...providing all the advantages of NoSQL JSON document stores, while providing higher performance and richer functionality (such as native joins, and ACID guarantees instead of BASE consistency) Seems too good to be true. The performance impact of inserting/fetching multiple rows per object, multiple SQL joins for a single logical join, etc. would probably be significant. And indexing these tables seems to require indexing every name/value pair, not just the interesting fields. And, of course, the overhead of the translation layer itself. Also, are relational native joins and ACID guarantees still available at scale? The typical consumer would probably just give the app access to the GPS. The hard part is getting them to download it. Interesting research but not the most practical attack. That's native support for the data type; this paper is about a translation layer that sits on top of the DB. It loaded completely for me the first time, but doesn't allow download. A step toward open access, but they're still trying to claim copyright and control the work of others. My perception of the dress changed when I zoomed in super close on the white/gold version. (the version I didn't "see" before) > Script and Novelty fonts shouldn’t really be used on the web as they do not emphasize readability. Yet this article is full of novelty fonts. Perhaps the author meant to say that script and novelty fonts shouldn't be used for body text. Or the way the Canadian government dealt with the October Crisis in 1970, deploying the military and arresting 497 people, most without charge or bail. http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/October_Crisis I've heard a plausible argument that federally guaranteed student loans fueled a huge increase in the cost of college ( http://nces.ed.gov/fastfacts/display.asp?id=76 ), and much of the increased income went to administrator salaries and new construction, rather than faculty. Perhaps it's time to force colleges to compete on price. > [From Uber's blog post] On September 17, 2014, we discovered that one of our databases could potentially have been accessed by a third party. A charitable interpretation might be that they discovered a vulnerability in September, but didn't find the May breach until recently. Needs some work to improve both relevance and ranking algorithms. For example: I'm watching the movie JFK, so I tried a search for Jack Ruby. I found a teacher named Jack Ruby's videos, the Ruby Fortune online casino, the bar Ruby Tuesday, and a lot of other irrelevant results. Nothing about the famous Jack Ruby in the first four pages. Every media source is biased. Even The Daily Show and Colbert Report. Even reddit and Hacker News are biased (reddit calls it the hivemind). That's not the same as being a propaganda source for government, unless the only viewpoint anyone is allowed to express is the one approved by the government. Most executives at non-webdev companies don't know anything about Rails, except what their staff and consultants tell them. If a fair number of those executives learn too late about the technical limitations of Rails, they probably do feel burned, and word gets around. http://rosettacode.org/ ? I find that it's similar in the US. Contractors do pay a tax that's paid by an employer (half of the Social Security and Medicare Tax, about 7.5%), but they can also claim more deductions. With long term contracts that provide reliable work, contracting pays well. But without benefits. If simply expressing a point of view is propaganda, we're all propaganda sources. The mainstream media expresses plenty of opinions the government doesn't share. Consider Fox News during the Obama administration. I agree. The media IS big business, owned by even bigger business, and that's their point of view. > monitoring online activities ... on official computers, block content which it feels is adversely affecting productivity ... and also have a right to delete e-mails or internet history Is this unusual in India? In the US this is normal. Or at least, describing the project for one. https://github.com/kanaka/mal/blob/90ab31710e9a495ba3aebf794... The Maven, HTML, C headers, and CSS are just support. Any chance we could customize which languages and which features to display? The article is pointing out that governments like to increase the money supply every year and Bitcoin doesn't allow that. But a purely digital currency need not be a distributed cryptocurrency with a limited supply like Bitcoin. From electronic transactions with the Fed down to direct deposits and debit and credit card purchases, US currency could function without paper bills already. Taxes. Much of the appeal of Bitcoin is the limited supply. But from a Keynesian government point of view, that's a flaw. A sovereign cryptocurrency without that limitation might be an interesting alternative to cash, but the bulk of our money couldn't be in a "hard" cryptocurrency unless we also eliminated fractional reserve banking. (Why? In short, with fractional reserve banking, the total value of everyones checking and savings accounts is far greater than the supply of currency, whether paper or crypto.) I didn't mean to start a discussion of FRB, simply consider that it's what we have, and abandoning it is an even more radical step than replacing cash with a cryptocurrency. > But the real hallmark of FRB is that banks only need hold in reserve a fraction of their depositors' account balances. I don't see how CC would change that requirement. My question is, what will a CC replace? If the answer is all cash and electronic transactions, will there be enough CC, with FRB? If the answer is simply cash transactions (already limited), what's the point? The history of the neural network question is an interesting case study in democratic moderation: http://stackoverflow.com/posts/3455660/revisions 100,000 emails too, with many more moderators: http://stackoverflow.com/posts/3905734/revisions > People in more expensive neighborhoods aren't willing to pay more The government specializes in making people do things they "aren't willing to do". Isn't it in Harvard's self-interest, and the interest of its students, to have a diverse (racially and in many other ways) student body that prepares students for a diverse world? Flipping that argument: Do American universities routinely discriminate against African Americans and Latinos as a consequence of reliance on standardized tests and curricula on which they are known to receive lower scores? Adjustment for the bias in these measures might correct for discrimination, not create it. It need not be mutually exclusive with racial diversity. I'm sure Harvard has more than one goal to balance in their admissions process. A college's ultimate goal isn't for their students to get good grades and test well. A college's promise is to prepare students for life, and at present that means life in a diverse world. Success beyond academia may be predicted well by SATs and high school grades in some fields, but certainly not all. If you tell people where the cameras are, you've also told them where the cameras AREN'T. Ideally, for public safety, you'd want people to always think "there might a camera here". You might have a hidden diamond for team collaboration here, but after reading more than most potential customers will, I'm not sure exactly what it is. I'm not a fan of the to-do/chat combination. There just isn't a lot of intersection between the things on my to-do list and the things I want to chat about. Who wants to chat about their grocery list? Who would contact their family about dinner plans with this instead of a phone call, text message, Tweet, etc. just because they can easily save a to-do item? Perhaps this has other uses. Consider extremely detailed user stories. Who might want to this? A software product manager communicating with the technical team about features and bugs; a high-school student and her study group; an extended family planning a vacation together? What would they share, and how does this tool help? Why would they use something new instead of a phone, e-mail, Twitter, Facebook, preferred existing group to-do list app, or a thousand other tools? What are their favorite colors; favorite words; turn-offs? Kudos on what you've done so far. And remember, even if this fails as a startup (most do), it certainly demonstrates your skills. Hopefully it will open doors. Oh...and don't bankrupt yourself working on this. That would just be crazy. I agree, and disagree. What this product would be useful for isn't explained well, and I'm not sure even the OP knows. But there's clearly something compelling here based on the attention we've all given it. > Guaranteed bandwidth shared lines are a violation of net neutrality. Perhaps of an poorly written net neutrality law. But can you predict what will be a violation of net neutrality before the laws are written and the courts interpret them? It's certainly a complex issue, requiring deep understanding of the Internet. I support it in principle, but have little faith that any government will handle it well. Looks useful. I'm not using ST3 yet; how stable is the current beta? Her story is quite a bit different from Adria Richards. Is there a historical record? Some of the more significant tweets: " At Google I was sexually harassed by someone who was later promoted to director I was put in a position where I couldn't be promoted because it would've meant reporting to my harasser I was actually reprimanded for undermining him in front of his reports. Google caring about women is 100% lip service PR bullshit. When it comes down to it, they punish victims and reward the perpetrators. COME AT ME BRO People above his level knew; reprimanded me instead of him. ... Full disclosure. I'm not proud. I poured a drink on him. It became about that Things other women have said to me: "he is a legal liability for Google" They 100% supported him, let me be in a position where I couldn't be promoted. My career was ended in that moment. Yet I got in trouble ... [name redacted] is an engineering director at Google, he sexually harassed me, Google did nothing about it. Reprimanded me instead of him ... TBH [different name redacted] has always been a creep and a half too. This will surprise no one who's worked with him. Thanks for all the bathing suit compliments over the years, [name]. ... "It's taking all of my self control not to grab your ass right now." -My boss's boss, to me, when I was a junior eng at Google. "You look amazing in that bathing suit, like a rock star." - [name redacted], to me, when I was a junior engineer at Google. In Maui. Drinks after work with powerful men. Being the only woman there. Feeling uncomfortable with what some of them were saying. Crying about it. Not wanting to say anything because having those social relationships were helpful to me, my visibility, my career. It's such a boys' club. ... "He feels like you humiliated him in front of his reports." Something HR actually fucking said to me. ... Of course, whenever anyone said something that made me uncomfortable, I had to laugh it off. None of this is stuff I ever talked to HR about ... [name redacted] to [name redacted] within earshot of me, on a boat in Maui: "doesn't Kelly look amazing heh heh" ... After hours, having drinks with Vic and the gang. Vic talking about how G+ was promoting Sasha Grey. Starts talking about how hot she is. Asks if people've seen her movies. At this point I run away and cry because I felt so outcast. This is just one example of many The harassment "training" at Goog? Mostly about not getting in trouble. Nothing about respecting humanity of your peers. " https://news.ycombinator.com/item?id=9163769 She pinned a single quote, but she alleges much more: a pattern of behavior, and willful ignorance or worse by HR. See: https://news.ycombinator.com/item?id=9163769 If you mean that we shouldn't destroy a man's or a company's reputation based solely on these allegations, I absolutely agree. Bitcoin makes the technical process easier but doesn't help with the hard problem (as you said): finding a third party with domain expertise, whom they both trust, who is willing to adjudicate at very low cost. It sounds like your startup is trying to solve that and create a "Trust Marketplace". Godspeed. Establishing trust between strangers is a very hard problem. And while you may find a way to innovate around existing laws, new laws will be written. Education in America is bigger than ever and still seen as official by the vast majority, though arguably optional in our field. But there's also truth in your comment, particularly about ROI (excluding prestigious or legally required degrees) and figuring out your own path. You're wise to consider the value of a graduate degree before pursuing one. I hesitate to call this site journalism. Top news on their front page right now: What to Take on Your Bikepacking Trip Man Beaten While Boozing in Washington Square The Bay Area Is Full of Skinny People Unruly Patron Gets Booted From Bar, Returns and Shoots Out Window That's what I thought too, now I'm not so sure: "If you are a strange man trying to talk to me on my way to or from work, when I am commuting alone, you are a harasser, pure and simple." What harassment is depends on who you ask. If you mean the legal definition, consider that even different courts often disagree. Isn't she dictating who men can even try to interact with? She didn't say "Leave me alone if I ask you to." She once wrote that a man is a harasser for trying: "If you are a strange man trying to talk to me on my way to or from work, when I am commuting alone, you are a harasser, pure and simple." > You are constructing a model from a short essay that was written to convey a certain point of view and then insisting that the model you have constructed must be 100% accurate. That's quite a leap from my question. And not an answer. > It happens all the time that an essay exaggerates a message in order to make that message stand out. I hope she's not doing that. Sincerely. > I see someone explaining that they have actually been mistreated by people 'just trying to make conversation' I'm sympathetic, but harasser is a serious word. It's not something that should be exaggerated in order to make a message stand out. We've ignored the trolls and they've grown wild in the land of no consequences. As in the physical world, behavior on the Internet must be governed. What would happen to someone who made comments like these about Obama's daughters? Should you use an algorithm that appears to be protected by a patent? What does this do that can't be done with git aliases? It's possible, but usually prohibitively difficult. (Superfish was scandalous because made MITM attacks easier on affected computers.) TLS and SSL use X.509 certificates[1] to identify who you're talking with. They're cryptographically signed by a Certificate Authority (CA), who must be one of a list of CAs stored on your computer. A MITM attack requires something rather difficult, like breaking the cryptography algorithm, access to the CA's private key, access to install a new CA certificate on your computer, or an insecure CA already on your computer (like Superfish). Edit: As jacques_chester reminded me, it's not difficult for the owner of computer to set up a MITM server, but I don't call that an "attack". 1: http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/X.509 Yeah, not many people know about the CA store, and even if you do, and check it, there are so many pre-installed certificates that it's easy to miss a new one. No one at the company had tried to use the network with a computer they bought for themselves? I think trivial questions meant FizzBuzz and count the A's. What's the legal equivalent of that? Or perhaps they have learned the solution to FizzBuzz, and simply don't code well under stress. Anyone could have created a lyrics site like Google's, except for the cost of licensing the lyrics. I wonder if Google negotiated terms with the record companies, or they are simply able to pay the licensing cost with profits from Google Play. "What’s the catch, you ask? Simply place LyricFind’s ad code on pages containing LyricFind content. Let us monetize the pages and worry about meeting the licensing costs" Interesting. > Change or die. Change or be killed, at your hands, it sounds like. Can you blame people for fighting back against that? I think the author actually meant the social-mores of classical liberalism (freedom of speech, etc), which protect, imperfectly, from both regal tyranny and the tyranny of the majority. > If they wanted to start their own Abrasive gardening club, where they would be abrasive to each other If a few people founded a company like this and became successful, some people who joined later would complain about the abrasiveness. And if the complainants happened to be from certain "protected classes", abrasiveness would be legally prohibited. I agree, her other post is also excellent. I wonder if we could ever create a culture that doesn't oppress anyone (with the obvious exception of murderers, rapists, cannibals, etc). I hope so. But in light of our vast differences and the ease with which we hurt one another, I suspect we'll have to settle for a culture that doesn't oppress anyone too much . It's unlikely that someone who knows about this would serve on a jury in a computer crime case, or that evidence of NSA activities would be admitted in trial. Hence the second half of my comment: > or that evidence of NSA activities would be admitted in trial. Is Google cool with people using their name and logo like this? ...and cool site. One of those things where you wonder why no one's thought of it before. I prefer looking at the "employment level" (number of persons employed) and the number not in the labor force. I couldn't find a way to link directly to these statistics but they're available at: http://data.bls.gov/cgi-bin/surveymost?ln The estimated number of persons employed today is less than 2% higher than in 2008. The estimated number not in the labor force is 15% higher. About 2 million more people are working now than in 2008, while 13 million more are not working or looking for work. (Disclaimer: These are statistically estimated and seasonally adjusted numbers from the same month.)