Does a FedEx package transfer to the other country's Post Office? My experience is that a package sent by FedEx arrives with FedEx. Standard Post would be the equivalent to SMS in that it's everywhere, and private companies would be the other apps, right? Then the equivalent to your identifiable address would be your phone number. Except if you want something more anonymous, which is then more complicated. Just the same with the Post example... Genuinely interested: can you elaborate on what metadata the matrix servers have access to? Say, don't they know who I am writing to, when and which groups I belong to? Signal does not, and that's guaranteed by the client code (i.e. no need to trust anything on the server for that). I am pretty sure it's harder than you think, while keeping Signal's UX and privacy level: https://signal.org/blog/secure-value-recovery How does it compare in terms of privacy? I mean Signal's private contact discovery, private groups, private profiles, sealed sender, etc? To be fair, you can build it from sources, and I'm pretty sure they provide an apk (they used to, at least). Two words: threat model. Because a private company can do something does not mean it should be allowed to do it, does it? It's already bad enough with Starlink, but surely it's only a matter of time before other companies and governments want to compete. Which makes me wonder if governments should not just agree on forbidding it entirely. Can you elaborate on that? Maybe you do, yes. And maybe you're happy with an alternative with usernames where the server keeps the list of your contacts. Or maybe you are not, and you will want an alternative where you need to rebuild your contacts list every time you install the app. But some people are happy messaging people based on the phone number, because everything else is too cumbersome. Different people have different threat models, and one chooses the best UX for their threat model. For millions of people (maybe not you), apparently it is Signal. I don't get it. So with Nix, every package I install will possibly come with its own dependency tree, completely independent from other packages. So instead of relying on distro maintainers who, say, check one version of OpenSSL, I'll be relying on the devs of each package. I doubt they will do the work, so either they will never update their deps, or update without checking them. It feels like Nix is like npm for my system, and distributes the trust I put in maintainers between all the devs of all the dependencies. That's not what I want... What am I missing? My opinion is that it is difficult to enjoy music we don't understand. I realise one does not have to love everything about a whole style of music, but not having a clue why this whole style may be enjoyable sounds like maybe you haven't been much exposed to it. So here is one (genuinely interested) question: how much do you know about jazz? I don't get the trap problem here. So I start with A, compute -B as A dot A, then continue my way until I decide to stop at E. So I had to compute the whole path, right? Now you give me A and E, why can't I just compute the path from A until I hit E? That looks like the same effort, so what did I miss? Oh that's actually the point of the exponentiation trick: I choose the private key first and then compute the path from it. Got it, sorry xD Where does a system like https://picterra.ch/ lie? They seem to provide a way to tune algorithms for your images. Are those "algorithms nobody want", or is that helping niche use-cases (by allowing customisation)? Disclaimer: never actually used their system, just saw presentations about it, which show how one can train an algorithm to count... stuff. For one, most people now spend most of their time in their browser or in a hidden browser (ahem, Electron?). So unless you want something specific (video games, a Windows desktop app, ...), I think they just both work. I'm guessing even Linux on a mac is probably okay (since so many people have the exact same hardware as you...) To me, TODOs are the equivalent to keeping thousands of tasks in a growing backlog. It just adds noise for stuff that probably won't be addressed ever. And if it is addressed, chances are that it will be from a new task. Just forget it! If it's important, it will come back on its own. I just don't write TODOs in my code, as I have never seen a useful TODO in a codebase... The worst being "TODO: improve this". Sounds like a way to say "I wrote shitty code, I know it, please merge it anyway", which is completely useless IMO. This. "We developers mostly read code, so let's optimise the writing part by writing bad code that will be slower to read." Am I the only seeing a problem here? I was recently looking into CoffeeCatch for Android. Are you saying that I'm losing my time? :-) One country unilaterally decides that it is fine to pollute the sky for everyone else in the name of profit. One company decides to produce more and more without giving a damn about their ecological impact, in the name of profit. Hardly sounds like a revolution to me. My problem with that argument is that the business requirement is based on what we can convince the user to buy. Users won't pay more for a better product if they don't understand it's better. And one may say that "if they don't make the difference, then the bad products are fine after all", but I think that's shortsighted. By continuously favouring the worse but cheaper design, it has brought the industry where it is today: "better write bullshit that ships now than a good product that users won't buy anyway, because they bought the bullshit from the competitor already". Misunderstanding. The Mozilla VPN is Mullvad (rebranded). Oh right, the US built GPS, one of the few GNSS systems out there! Yeah my bad, then private US companies should be allowed to pollute space, it's not the problem of the rest of the world! > One company will have accelerated our escape from extinction You mean by sending a few chosen people in space? Or do you believe that connecting smart devices to satellites will somehow solve the climate crisis? xD > it'd be as crowded as ad and social network What's your definition of crowded? I don't feel like there are thousands of successful social networks or ad companies out there... But I get your point: SpaceX is a nonprofit with the purpose of solving the climate crisis by launching as many rockets as they can to fill the sky with satellites. No profit planned, no investors, nothing. My mistake. > No non-profit will ever solve anything at this magnitude, by definition. So when I say they make that for profit, you disagree, and when I say (sarcastically) that they don't want to make profit, you say the opposite again? Choose your camp. Mine is that SpaceX exists because it is profitable. Then one thing that would be worth considering is that technology is the problem today. You seem to consider that cars made the world a better place, that's your opinion. But it would be hard to argue that the current climate crisis is not caused by technology. You're just blindly hoping that more of it will magically solve the problem which is: technology is destroying life on Earth. Because we can do something cool (nobody denies that SpaceX is cool) doesn't mean we should do it. > Earth will be destroyed even with no humans on it. In the long run, technology is the only tool for survival of life. I guess that's where we disagree. I don't care if life goes extinct in twenty thousands years. And I don't want to survive on Mars, looking back at how we destroyed most living beings there. I don't say that technology is bad in itself. Consumerism is. I don't get how it works. If I give my IBAN, then people can send me money, but they cannot take money from me. A scam would need to ask e.g. my credit card data, but at this point it's pretty clear that it's not to send me money. I am not in the US. Is that different there? Like do you use the same numbers for both? Or do people just not know the difference? My way feels so much simpler :-). It's a bit like public/private key: when I use my credit card, I know I'm paying. And if I pay from my bank, I do it from my e-banking and it's super clear. I can allow a company to withdraw directly, but still it's clear I'm doing it (and I don't use that, I hate that feature). Feels like it just prevents such scams. Of course then you can still convince people to "lend" you money ("send me 5k to leave my country and when I'm safe I send you 2M"), but that's slightly different. Does somebody have an opinion about GrapheneOS vs CalyxOS or /e/ OS? I would be interested, they all seem nice. How does it compensate for rolling shutter? Out of curiosity :) > A major reason for the quality issues is that the major drone manufacturers work directly with the proprietary photogrammetry software providers in the field to optimize the algorithms to their drones. Would you care to elaborate? My belief is that all the photogrammetry engine wants is that the drone manufacturer does as few processing as possible on the images, in order to not alter the geometry. I don't see what kind of algorithms coming from the drone manufacturer would help, and therefore I don't see how that's a problem for ODM. But none of that is private data, right? It feels like "tuning". Surely one could characterise Sequoia to improve the camera model, and I doubt they encrypt the exif data, do they? Also Sequoia is a bit of a special example here, that most likely has been carefully tuned by Pix4D. But DJI most probably does nothing for Pix4D that ODM couldn't access. Not criticising ODM (I love OpenSfM and ODM), on the contrary: I feel like those are not fundamental limitations of ODM, and one could put the work of improving support for specific cameras without the need for proprietary information available only to Parrot employees. Or am I missing something? The nice thing is that the drone is completely independent :-). You can use any frame (quad, heli, fixedwing, vtol, rover, boat, submarine, ...) with any autopilot (betaflight, ardupilot, px4, ...) and try it with any camera you want. At the end of the day, all you need is pictures taken "the right way" for the engine. Typically, you want: * Sufficient overlap between the pictures: you need multiple pictures looking at each point in the scene from different angles. * Don't change the focal length, because that changes the camera model and makes it at least harder for the engine. * Ideally have some fairly accurate GPS location in the exif metadata of the pictures. * Avoid motion blur (i.e. don't fly too fast for your camera), and blur in general (i.e. you don't want too much vibration, but you don't need a gimbal). Some Android/iOS apps out there do "flight planning" for you, so it may help (you select the area you want to map and the app instructs the drone to take the right pictures for you). Different apps support different drones, so that's something you want to check. But anyway you should try ODM, because it does not depend on the drone, it just needs pictures =). Hope this helps. What's the non-mediocre alternative to Windows, that allows you to choose your hardware (i.e. not macOS) and that is usable by everybody (i.e. not Linux)? Not sure this applies to Meta, though... I have been using Dockcross for years for cross-compiling Doesn't it "just" say that on top of providing the sources of the binaries you distribute, you must provide/document a way to update them? I call them UpperCamelCase, lowerCamelCase, Upper_Snake_Case, lower_snake_case. You mean that you want your compiler to say "I know that this will sometimes fail, but I'll let you burn yourself unless you enable a flag"? Should it also have a flag to say "Told you!" when it happens? xD Those are independent. Having root access does not mean that other parties do, but more importantly, NOT having root does not mean AT ALL that other parties don't. How do you choose what you put in your CPU? What when Windows forces you to have that kind of hardware? You can choose not to wear that gear, but choosing to not use Windows is much more complicated, at least for most people. Maybe it converged, just like other industries? Say, cars or planes have not fundamentally changed in decades. But would there be other designs that would make them so much better that it would be worth changing? That's not clear to me... Is that only that good libraries should correctly use semver (i.e. be backward-compatible unless they change the major version), or is there complexity somewhere else? My feeling is that dynamic linking is a pain because sometimes one needs, say, 1.2.5 for some part of the code and 1.3.1 for another part, and they are not compatible. Which hints towards the library author having messed up something, right? Feels like this completely misses the problems of habitat destruction, biodiversity, etc. I don't want to live in a big mall, so I'm not really in favour of plans that go "let's go live on Mars, the goal is only for the human species to survive". IMO we need to produce less, consume less, and stop destroying whatever remains of life other than the human species. More energy doesn't seem like the solution to that. > The similarities between the Hypertext Transfer Protocol and the Bitcoin Protocol are almost too perfect. Except maybe for the fact that HTTP was not looking for an actual, legal, constructive use-case that it solved better than existing technologies say... more than a decade after its creation? That's precisely why I said "legal" and "constructive" :-) > we manage almost 10x more without mass starvation Really? We're going towards mass extinction right now. And I think it's pretty safe to say that the growth that allowed us to get here is what's killing us. I don't think we can say we managed, we just haven't paid for it yet. Let's be honest: mass extinction means less people. We are going towards wars and mass starvation. Either we can admit we're not sustainable and try to save what's left, or we can bet that we need to do more (much more, according to the article) of what's killing us, and at some point it will magically work. Yeah waiting is probably good enough, at this point. Adding a data point to your statistics: I sign commits and packages I maintain (when it applies), not my emails. GPS satellites broadcast data, and the GPS receivers (e.g. your phone) only receive. That means that they are completely invisible to the satellites. You are tracked on your phone because it is connected to the Internet somehow, so it can send your location. But with only a GPS receiver (my Garmin running watch for instance), you are completely invisible. Depends on your definition of "best browser" I guess... My best browser is Firefox, precisely because it is not based on Chromium. I disagree. Startup employees care about making a good product, too. That's the rule when you join a startup: you won't have the highest salary, and maybe your startup bankrupts in 6 months, but you get to have more impact. If you don't want the risk and don't want to care, go in an established company. But that all means that you should be transparent with startup employees, because many decisions depend on that at all level. If you hire employees who believe that they have infinite time and money to get the product to work, then you probably did not hire well, IMO. I would argue that it is often relevant for the technical employees to have an idea about how business is going: who wants the product, how they (intend to) use it, and also who discussed a partnership and eventually did not go with the product. As you said, not everyone can be into business. Which also means that not everyone can be technical. Who says that the business people are good at translating requirements from potential clients to technical employees? Isn't it likely that the technical people know more about what is technically possible? If you share too much with your employees, what's the worse case? They leave with that data? So what? If the whole value of the startup is that the founder knows a bunch of business numbers, anyway it doesn't sound very promising. However, if you don't share enough, maybe you miss very good solutions that they would come up with if they had access to all the data. Worse: if your interpretation of what the customers want and what is technically possible is slightly wrong, maybe you will send your whole startup in the wrong direction. All that just because you thought you knew what your technical people needed to make a good product. Parrot Anafi is pretty nice. Haven't tried the Anafi Ai though. That won't be a Mavic, but that's european, and really not bad. Open source would be PX4, Ardupilot and BetaFlight, pretty much. But there you need to build your own frame. > Assuming I get four such emails per week and that it takes two minutes to read and respond to each one, automating this would save me about seven hours of administrative work per year. Am I the only one thinking that it's obviously not how it works? Not even considering the time it took implementing that. I mean it's a fun project, but I don't see the need to justify it with "it will make me more productive". Fun is reason enough. I guess try to use it as your main e-mail for a few years and you may see... This. Wut? Makes no sense to me. What about: "measured against the potential saved [...], before realizing that in the end, it probably won't change anything there"? Just like 5G could potentially reduce the overall consumption, before we realize that actually we use it to the point where it increases them. Or just like any other technology, after all. Why not? Wait, what? What about we start by not destructing our planet? "No no but look: we destroyed most life on a whole planet, but it will be different in a spaceship: there we will live happily in peace forever, without any problem we can't handle (because we destroyed them with our habitat)" One thing that has always been true is that we always put as much crap as possible while not getting unusable. Computers got infinitely more powerful, but websites are not faster to load because they are much bigger. QUIC won't change that, it would just allow for more crap. Because the only thing preventing you from living anywhere is the Internet connection? What abouy access to water, food, infrastructure, social life? That's the thing: not everyone agrees on all that. I personally don't give a damn about saving a subset of humanity by sending them on Mars. But by doing that, we pollute, and that's part of the problem here on Earth (which I care about). Worse: they're not just sending a couple rockets, they send as many as they can, and build services like Starlink, which are about producing and consuming more, which again is part of the problem. I am of those who believe that if technology is a big part of the problem, then more of it won't make it better. But it's not like I have a choice, so instead of waiting for a potential asteroid that will kill me while some (rich US citizen, maybe?) survive on Mars, I am here waiting for the catastrophes we are creating. And the biggest catastrophes we will experience in this modern life... are almost exclusively due to the energy credits we spent by burning the eons-old reservoirs of solar energy, of dead plants and animals. Honestly not sure it's a win. Maybe they had less, but they had not destroyed most trees, mammals and insects (which we have already), and all that for what? For a future where we will most likely have much, much less energy, and therefore where most our modern system... will collapse. Can we debate the "the world is so much better than it was pre-industrial revolution" statement? That's IMO the most interesting part here. If you run your own homeserver and talk to people on homeservers you trust, that's fine. Now chances are that you talk to people who are not on your server, right? I like Matrix a lot, but the way I use IRC: for public rooms. For private discussions, I use Signal Messenger, which seems to get e2ee right, and does clever stuff to reduce their access to metadata (pretty sure matrix homeservers have to know in which rooms I am to fetch my messages, right?) > As far as Signal goes, my main concern there is just how centralized it is. That's the whole point of end-to-end encryption: you don't have to trust the server if e2ee is done right. Matrix is decentralized, but as this disclosure shows, they have issues with e2ee. Signal is centralized, but I have never, ever heard of a security issue with the Signal protocol. So yeah... you may have concerns about Signal being centralized (e.g. they have the power to shut it down, and I guess they could ban users), but end-to-end encryption is not one. Actually Signal probably has one of the best e2ee out there. > and things like the server-assisted initial key exchange are both bolted-on and often omitted from security analysis in a way that I find very dubious. You mean the Extended Triple Diffie-Hellman? What do you mean by "bolted-on"? Would you consider it "bolted-on" too, if it was just a normal Diffie-Hellman (hence not asynchronous)? And the zero-knowledge groups still don't give that capability to the servers, do they? > Signal has security bugs line the best of them. I was talking about the Signal protocol. > it’s questionable if this counts as “issues with e2ee” Fair point. It's not a problem in the encryption protocol, but it is a design problem on the group membership control. Now I think it's not completely fair to compare that to the Signal private contact discovery, which relies on SGX enclaves. First, because it's private (if you trust the SGX enclave technology), and second because even if it was not, I believe it is a pretty different level of "design problem": "if the secure enclave does not work, then the server can access a hash of your addressbook" vs "if the whole system works as expected, AND you don't constantly keep an eye on the group members, it could be that a malicious actor reads the content of your messages". Or am I misunderstanding something? They are actually pretty damn good for some criminal use-cases... Money laundering is one. What about ransomware? What about malware mining cryptocurrencies? Also I think North Korea is using cryptocurrencies to get money out of cyberattacks. It does not feel like all this is prevented by trivial analysis, is it? Note: valuable as in "people are willing to pay for it", not as "it is solving a use-case better than alternatives" Yep. I think the one place where blockchain shines is cryptocurrencies. If it's not a cryptocurrency, then there is a better alternative. I wonder if Darknet Diaries will someday become the XKCD of security stories: "there is a Darknet Diaries for that" :) Well the stupid popup is coming from the stupid website. If they stopped collecting data they mostly don't use (let's be honest, most websites probably don't do anything useful with most of the data), then they would not have to show the popup. Does it? I mean China is not exactly as free a market as the US, and I wouldn't say they are lagging horribly behind... on the contrary in many cases You mean, like the Internet? Or GPS? Also the US government is injecting a ton of money into private companies, so it's not necessarily visible. Technology is the problem, not the solution. Doing more technology increases the problem, as can been seen from the data over the last decades. What you're looking for is magic. Magic would solve it. Because surely you were an expert on covid and its consequences early on during the pandemic, and surely you have proven (and published) that the measures taken (given the knowledge at the time where they were taken) were counter-productive in the long run, right? While entire countries will keep the imperial system versus the metric system, I'll never believe in global standardisation. Even if it's strictly better, there will always be a cost to changing, and therefore not everyone will agree. Would someone happen to know what that means for MFi/accessories? Hint: Apple themselves don't seem to be aware that USB-C does not have an MFi program. > Didn't need to be an expert to see where all of this was going. Sure, there is never a need to be an expert to claim knowing more than them. Also, I'm not completely convinced that it's exclusively related to the Covid lockdowns in Europe. For instance, many companies were very quick to restart (or were not even stopped) in Europe, but struggle with the IC shortage... which is not coming from Europe, is it? It's simpler to think "technology will save us" than "we as a species screwed up and have already destroyed 2/3 of wild life (not talking about the consequences of global warming, that's yet to come), maybe we should change drastically". Right. Yeah it seems to make sense that a pandemic followed by a war would have an impact on the economy :-/. Feels like the typical extrapolation: "Look how fast we've done the 80%! It is only a matter of time until we reach 100%". Except that it never works like that, does it? The further we go, the harder it becomes. It's impressive how fast they went from nothing to almost-fully-autonomous cars, but actually-fully-autonomous cars may never happen, who knows? As a developer, I honestly feel more threatened by the energy crisis to come (end of fossil fuels in the next couple of decades) than with AI replacing my job. Not ridiculous at all, depends on your threat model. It's perfect for me. For clarity, you allow the open source client app (which you can audit and compile yourself) to securely share your contact list with a secure enclave (which is open source so you can audit it as well). You can audit your Signal client app (which is open source) and see exactly what it sends, and how. Now realistically, most people can do that, so they have to trust that somebody who can actually did it. Security experts have been and are looking into messengers like Signal: they have an interest to do so as security researchers, because that would look good on their CV. Of course there is trust somewhere, you cannot do without trust. But Signal is amongst the best you can find. There is always trust involved. The question is: what's your threat model? You can compile Signal yourself, but maybe you don't trust your OS, or your hardware, or your cleaning lady, or your wife. Signal cannot do anything if your phone got compromised by Pegasus, but they never claimed they could. That's exactly equivalent with decentralised software. Because of their threat model. Signal has very good e2e encryption, but somebody could take over the account over SMS (note: they would not access any encrypted message, and that would reset the key so the contacts would know that a change happened and could verify the key if it matters for them). Telegram, on the other hand, is mostly not e2e encrypted, so their cloud can read all of your messages. Pick your favourite. Except that if you are not using secret chats (most people are not), then Telegram is not end-to-end encrypted, is it? Meaning that the server can read the messages. The problem is that people misunderstand the security model in Telegram, and believe that it's e2ee. Except that most features are not, only secret chats are e2ee, and people mostly don't use those (because the whole point of Telegram is the nice group features). You just said it yourself: "normal chats are not end-to-end encrypted". The normality on Telegram is messages that their servers can read. The problem is the social graph. You need to know the ID of all your contacts at some point, right? Either that's stored on the server (e.g. your Facebook friends), but then the server has access to it, or it's stored locally in your app, but if you lose your phone then you lose your graph. Signal has been working on a way to store your graph securely on their servers, but it's hard, and not there yet. The great point about your contact list is that it is decentralised, and it exists already (so you don't have to exchange an ID with all your friends manually). This. You have to trust something at some point. What you trust just depends on your threat model. The Signal server knows your phone number. Not your contact list, just your phone number (hashed or not, I don't really care). Your contact list is only ever shared with the secure enclave, which cryptographically ensures that nobody else can read it, and the code being run in the enclave is open source and authenticated (so you can verify that the enclave is not sending your contact list to the Signal developers). If you trust the secure enclave, then your contact list is not shared with the server. Wrong. That's exactly the point of the secure enclave. I think it's not that hard: - Number of scams/crimes enabled by crypto in the last decade: a ton - Number of constructive, noncriminal use-cases observed in the last decade: zero By "constructive", I mean a use-case for which it is the best solution, which rules out every single blockchain use that is not a cryptocurrency. And the cryptocurrencies are the ones enabling the crime and scams. Question makes perfect sense. My understanding is that hackers could forge transactions and send money to their wallet. So they took the money from many wallets and moved it to one (or many) of their wallets. Nobody can cancel those transactions, even if everyone can see them. That's by design (and that's what makes it great for criminal use-cases, among other things).