Actually it's very similar to StrikeDisplay (posted a while back, but I don't think anyone saw it): http://news.ycombinator.com/item?id=1816482 http://strikedisplay.blogspot.com SD tries to handle things like child objects dispatching events up the display chain and implementing an AS3-style pseudolanguage... Amen! "We have like a, uh, screenshot prototype. We don't have a uh, per se, working prototype." Naval should have stopped them right there and said, "so, did you guys just meet on a bus stop and come up with this?" Sorry, I just had to go back to that part where two really truly retarded things are said back to back: "We started to iterate the product..." Translation: We smoked some weed and someone was like, "Dude, IPHONE APP!" "How scalable do you think our idea is, do you think it's a good idea?" Not sure where to start but, Dude, is "Scalable" like the new "dope"? "sick"? "rad"? "dudical?" "mega"? Javascript fail. Crashes Firefox 3.6.16. Screenshot: http://tinyurl.com/627mftb ...just curious, how did you implement this over a regular phone line? Nice. I've been thinking about moving some domains out of there all week, since I got a creepy phone call from one of their reps telling me one was expiring next month. Thanks, as if I didn't already get the four million emails and the twelve trees you chopped down reminding me of this. cool. wish it worked with 10.5.8. Very true. I've used an Air as my only development and design machine for 2 years now; I love it; the thing has only 2Gb of RAM and it's still blazing fast for most everything. This is completely due to the SSD, which wasn't standard when I bought it, but seemed worth splurging for. I sleep better at night with less moving parts. When I sleep. Which I don't. Anyone can be a mentor or investor in some walk of life. Anyone can be a founder, creator or student in another. Anyone can mod their own, or someone else's news list. A tool without restrictions, operating on a finite set of rules. You decide whether it evolves to be used for good or evil. YC is great, but it's essentially closed to other investors and, while the program is merit-based, it's a closed selection process. HN is nice because there's a meritocracy at work; the concept is to allow that type of meritocracy to force both investors and entrepreneurs to have to work for one another's attention. The site is just a conduit for BPs or proposals from the most motivated idea-people to get into the hands of the most motivated action-people in any area. And every area can be broken into two parties with a mutual interest in industry news, who need to sift through each other to find the best people on the opposite team to work with. So; this is just an engine based on that concept, with up/down votes serving as an objective determinant every month. Right. You fill in your proposal, which is kept hidden. If you're in the top 10-rated "grasshoppers" in a subcom, at the end of the month, your proposal gets packaged into a nice email that goes out to just the top 5-rated "sensei" or experts. Thanks. I pro'lly gotta work on that. I get a little carried away once I start CSS'ing. I have, and there are a few investors who are waiting to see what happens here. Myself included. It's got to be an organic process; hopefully some people with great ideas will start posting and sharing their concepts, and it will snowball. Although I should stress I don't see this as a primarily IT-oriented site, it could become anything, or go in any direction, depending on who gets involved. In a lot of ways it's an experimental, theoretical model. I have no idea if it will really work, but I can imagine a lot of interesting proposals being collected that would be interesting opportunities for investors, who in turn will have to work to get their ratings up, in order to see those proposals. Okay. CSS and color scheme need to be improved. Definitely need to think of how to explain the message more clearly. Nicer graphics, easier-to-read fonts. Check. What does everyone think of the idea of a user-controlled, up-ranking newsgroup where the highest rated investors receive the proposals from the highest rated entrepreneurs? I know the site isn't beautiful. It's a concept. I just wanted to get the bare bones framework in place and launch it... Of course I want it to be pretty, but I'm more concerned about whether the idea can hold water. I spent a week on it because that's how long it took to write the code; the "graphics" took about an hour. I want to test the function before I spend time beautifying. I want to know if this idealistic model actually pans out and rewards the investors who take the time to rank on it. Specifically, at the end of the month, I want to see the quality of the proposals that go to investors and whether we get any interesting startups funded out of it. Hopefully in green tech, non-profits/NGOs, etc, as that's where I'd really like to see this go. Yeah, it looks great. Thank you for taking the time and interest to do something like that. I emailed you, but in case it hit your spam (probably), it's from info@opencombinator.com Just a quickie note. I'm a designer. You wouldn't know it from the site I posted here last week, but then that was about code, not design, and CSS ain't my thing. Most of my design work is in print, especially food packaging, brochures, ads; but I've also done art for the sides of buildings 120ft wide. If you've ever bought sushi at a market in the US you've seen my work :\ Anyway, you really get what you pay for with design, and few people who pay for it are actually willing to recognize that. 99designs is great if you're a tight-fisted carwash owner in Dallas or something. And it might be fine if you're just looking for a stupid logo for a template site. Beyond that, you need people who are actually trained to do this stuff. Basically what's missing in the wide-open "I have Illustrator too" market isn't communication; it's coherence. You hire one guy to do a logo, a girl to handle a header, someone else to do some ads. Or you hire one person but pay them per hour to do each of those things, rather than giving them 10 hours pay up front to come up with a master vision that will tie the mess together. Any designer who says, "logo, no prob" without noticing that you have no well-laid-out color palette, no consistency in your typography, should be fired before (s)he's hired. They should refuse to do work for you before you figure out what you want. That's how you know you're dealing with someone who knows what they're doing. I think the concept of pooling a designer is great, if the designer is great; and not great if you end up with a lousy designer. You're still gonna pay hourly. If you're paying under $35/hr., you're getting someone who's unemployed, probably for a reason. If you pay between that and $100/hr., you're probably going to get someone who isn't really capable of art direction. And if your pool isn't capable of that, then you're going to get poor results. Yes it's vital to security, but it's one of two components here that should be separated. The encryption itself is crucial to a lot of applications now that simply can't be spoofed. That wasn't really true 20 years ago. But now, just to achieve most kinds of load balancing you need a wildcard cert, and while there's obviously no reason that should cost 10x a single subdomain cert, there's also no obvious reason that the verification itself should be tied to the encryption. Encryption is good, in and of itself, with or without verification for most security purposes. MitM attacks can happen just as easily if someone fails to notice that there's no little padlock in their URL bar. It's a separate issue, and one shouldn't have to pay a corrupt mafia for access to browsers' encryption capabilities if all you're looking for to secure your users. Don't forget too that most browsers will poll the user whether to accept a self-signed cert for the page the user's trying to load, but will simply fail when a service in that page tries to pull data over SSL from a domain with a self-signed cert. Flash, JS, etc. I've been experimenting recently with spreading out databases geographically and letting clients (and to a lesser extent, DNS) do the bulk of the load balancing on data-intensive projects. I've gotten some great results. But right now, users would have to pre-visit a page at each data site and approve it in the browser. Or I could get a massively expensive wildcard cert and then make A-records for each of those sites, but I'd rather just access them straight through their IP addresses for speed. The whole thing just irks me. All I want to do is make sure this line is encrypted between the end user and their ISP. That should be mandatory these days; but instead I have to pay for a cert on every single DB server?! Why can't encryption still be useful if you (not your browser, you personally) trust what's in your URL bar? I think you're talking more about someone hijacking a nameserver in that case. The vast majority of MitM attacks are on open networks between the client and the ISP, are they not? so... how about browsers warn when they're pulling a an address off a DNS they've never heard of, and that isn't listed and isn't verified? Wouldn't that be a much saner way of dealing with the problem? Bitcoin just misses the point. The problem with e-cash viz. keeping it free of gov't interference isn't actually with the transmission from one party to another of the e-currency. I can open a server in Greenland that tracks currency transactions in Uruguay for dope, and vice-versa, in my own encrypted and secure currency. The problem is how does anyone change in my funny money for a currency that they can actually spend somewhere. And Bitcoin doesn't solve that problem; it just complicates it. Btc leaves it up to the coin holder to figure out how to actually extract value from the bits, and assumes a market will develop. But how will a market develop when the inputs and outputs are all regulated by the same gov'ts that BC wants to do an end-run around? At a glance -- and it was a glance 'cause I barely go on YouTube and I refuse to get on FB -- I love it as a conceptual data structure. Firstly, tying two APIs together with a smart client is a freaking great idea, although if this were a for-profit project, you should probably worry about either one locking you out, and how long it would take to notice oddities and rewrite if one or the other changes its API overnight. In a broader way though, I'm really interested in the idea of using client-side processing for infinite scalability. Even/especially in secure apps, where no hacker's gone before. There's no reason a secure P2P protocol can't be developed in JS that lets an application layer ride between peers, having minimal interaction with any central servers. This gets into telephone poker problems and all that. But it's solvable. The first person to solve it will end up with the largest server farm on the planet... seems worth it to me... Flash would be a good basis for the kind of thing I'm thinking of. Adobe's already solved a lot of the sandbox issues that would arise, and the language runs faster than JS. In theory, you get each flash player to open 4 or 5 netconnections to other players, get a running pool propagating and distribute the connection list so no one central server is taking the strain of hooking up the peers, you can have filesharing or even distributed processing in the browser. Processing is more interesting to me because it hasn't really been cracked yet. The security overhead to date has been too high. But that, or a java program, or even something written in Unity, could do some amazing stuff with virtually no back-end overhead. Keep the good work going. I'm interested to see how this will evolve. Ain't really brilliant. And they used the same 'doodle' method before. What would be nice is if they used the HTML5/canvas methods they've been hyping so hard. Unfortunately, animating this with that would take at least a QC Xeon. What would be really, really awesome would be if they did it with Flash. Then it would work on droid, and iOS users would all go 'wtf?' Yes, but isn't Google supposed to be able to come up with an elegant equation to represent those coordinates so it's not just this huge ugly pile of crap? I popped the code open on it this morning and yawned. You know a company's starting to get love handles when they have people who spend a week doing stuff like this that runs for a day, mildly annoys a bunch of people, and is immediately replaced. Lighten up. People go to google regardless. And people talk about it because it's the first thing everyone sees when they get to work in the morning. All I'm saying is it's not really much of an accomplishment. An animated gif would have been the same size file, for example -- no giant array necessary. I'm just saying it's ironic that a company that's supposed to exemplify elegant systems would end up writing single-use code that basically boils down to a large ANSI graphic you'd see on the front of a WWIV BBS. Hugh Hefner's birthday is April 9th. Where was his banner? I choked on a sandwich when I read that part They did say in certain terms, on their site, that their employees could not access the files. Maybe I should have known better, but I took them at their word. Based on that, my assumption was that the key to everything other than my public folder was unique, and was itself encrypted with my password. Obviously that was a dumb assumption. I'm not a security specialist, but I'm not exactly a lay person either, and in coding sites that have had to be secure I would never have considered writing something this way. Let alone marketing it to general consumers and intentionally misleading them about how secure it was. The most important question to me now, actually, is how do I know they're telling the truth about having proper access controls, if they've already shown a willingness to lie about this? WHO are these employees with access to my data, and under what circumstances can they get at it? Can they just browse through it whenever they want? What's the process? What records are kept? To whom do you appeal? How do you know if your data's been copied? And YES, I feel using them was a stupid decision. I uploaded my stuff without knowing for a fact that it was safe. I only knew what they'd written and that they had a solid reputation and that they came from here. But I absolutely do feel violated by it. And I'd like to see some records showing that my data was never accessed, never copied, and that it's now deleted. lol. Bitcoin is a nice idea I guess, but no one who actually accepts online payments takes it seriously because the only way you can buy and sell the junk is to go through the shadiest brokers on earth. These guys do a total turnover of about USD$1k a day. And the whole thing frankly resembles a ponzi scheme or a late-night infomercial. They talk geek and it's interesting to watch people fall in love with their concept and their API, but when it comes to managing money, geeks are obviously not as smart as MBAs who wouldn't touch this thing with a ten foot pole in 2008, and still won't. It's funny that this hype, which is basically financial services spam, is making the front page of HN on a regular basis; it suggests something is wrong here (possibly it's too easy to sign up for second and third accounts). hm. Haven't looked at mt gox for awhile, (what is a gox, is it a mountain?)...their site seems rather crashy at the moment, but last month it looked to me like they were turning over a volume of around $1k per day. And who knows if anyone actually got paid out of that. It's one thing to solve anonymous payments between peers online...totally another to find a way to translate that into spendable cash, and that's actually the real, serious problem that any online payment solution seeking anonymity has to face. So they solved, in a sense, the easy part. +1, best post this week ;) I like the gusto, but maybe I'm dense, or shallow or whatever, but is BTC not also a fiat currency? I realize there's a limited amount, but its value is completely speculative, and it's not backed by hard assets. It's not even backed by a government, which makes it less like a fiat note and more like something I printed on my inkjet when I was twelve. The BIG "if" is whether it gains critical mass and is accepted as a note of value. If or when it does, we'll all saunter over and trade in our euros or yen or dollars for some, I assume. But before it's traded on forex it's gonna be a tough sell for average folk, which means it's not tempered or tested by real markets; just hopeful folks who aren't huge Ayn Rand fans, but have quick recall of pertinent passages in Atlas "just in case". I mean, why didn't Bill Gates just spend 8.5 billion on curing AIDS, hunger and poverty? Oh, wait... I'd just say, think of the cool big project you want to do first and just let that dictate which technology you use to solve it. "Finally, does anyone speak Arabic?" Lol. The CIA has been asking that for years. In all seriousness, they probably didn't know they were doing it. If I were you I'd call a trademark/patent lawyer yesterday and see if you can register, given that you can show prior use. Coca-Cola is notorious as one of the absolute most-vicious companies on the planet when it comes to both registering and protecting their marks; there's a high probability they already registered Like-o-Meter, and will attack you as soon as they hear about yours. This boost, on the whole, may not be a good thing; find a lawyer who's willing to assume an offensive posture if you want to hold onto your app. And good luck =) eh, not sure if it's a business application or what, but I've dealt with similar things in code. To me the best way to do it is through recursive callbacks and modeling the problem over a large data set. Recently I've gotten into shoveling the output into Eureqa and letting it come up with close-fitting (unreadable and basically nonsensical) equations to model the results for faster processing of additional input after the fact. If I understand you correctly. Sorry I can't help more, it's not my area of expertise exactly...just something I've (been forced to) dabble with... re: UPDATE: apparently the entire concept of their app is a direct rip-off of mine, not just the name. I guess that makes the legal issues more interesting? It might. Don't go on a spending spree yet. Let a competent lawyer look it over. My guess at a glance -- and I'm not a lawyer, just stewed in IP issues -- would be you'll have a hard time getting anything out of their theft of your concept, short of owning a patent. Copyright could give you some relief if they directly ripped your code off and you can prove they decompiled and/or used something from that. Your best bet again is probably trademark infringement against your mark which had prior use. (That also depends on if Facebook themselves haven't trademarked the word "Like" the way they've trademarked "Book".) Other than a lawyer, your only bet is to raise an unholy racket here and in the blogosphere and make sure everyone knows you did it first. Which I fully support. So...the first login had to have valid credentials. Someone needed a citibank account to start the scraper-bot. Wonder if the fbi's talked with that guy yet. After his point in paragraph three, I realized this guy's just writing what amounts to highbrow SEO-filler, so I stopped reading. Yes, quality matters. But quality isn't measured by how "polished" an essay is. That is a gross misunderstanding of quality-in-writing... QUALITY REQUIRES HAVING SOMETHING WORTH SAYING, and saying it concisely. SEO filler is content written for the explicit purpose of raising your site's traffic by ranking higher on search engines. In order to be good filler, it has to look informational; but it actually contains no useful information. Your essay spends pages and pages expounding the claim that verbal diarrhea is a good thing. Is it a joke...? That's pretty sweet, except that when "they" declare martial law (which this project assumes), why can't "they" bust down your door and take your routers? I mean, if they can come arrest you now for eating too much power with grow lights or bitcoin mining, don't you think it'll be pretty trivial to smash down any door with a wifi signal behind it, when the tanks are out in the streets? Lol. According to HN, Chrome should be the world's top browser. http://hntrends.jerodsanto.net/?q=safari%2C+firefox%2C+inter... -or- http://hntrends.jerodsanto.net/?q=safari%2C+firefox%2C+IE%2C... (with "IE") Great site by the way. Nice job. I don't think o' Kev needs to worry about Mt. Gox thinking he hacked their site. They know who executed the sale; it was them. I don't know why nobody mentions this, but it seems rather obvious that Mt. Gox just dumped all their own bitcoins and bought them back supercheap, apart from a relatively minor 500k worth that they can now "roll back" from his account. I had a thread last week on HN where I was downranked severely for asking what mt. gox was, i.e. if it was a mountain, in what was a sort of snarky, derogatory tone (I'll admit it). I would like that thread upranked now thx. Seems okay now. It was taking 30-60 seconds to load the first page for awhile. This is ridiculous. It's like saying hammers should include screwdrivers. Just know your toolbox and you won't have a problem. PHP is great. What's with all the hate? It's a good tool for a certain kind of job, not the right tool for others. Big deal. There isn't a single language that you can't find bones to pick with. It's all about what you do with it and how you like to code. If you're comfortable writing server-side script in brainfuck, more power to you. Any language that lets you mix it in among standard HTML is going to generate spaghetti a lot of the time, because page order display and logic flow are inherently contradictory. Logic flow should be hierarchical and static, while page display is a text representation of visual UI choices having little or nothing to do with the logic of the data behind them. But for generating models, it's nice and quick. And for writing form/json/flash service code it does certain things extremely well; you can take a json object, parse it, escape it, run it through a mysql query and return a nicely formatted result object in about five lines. Again, it's whatever you want it to be. So, uh, can't we all just get along? I mean, I could make a list about why Java's a nightmare, or Javascript or C# or something else, but if I were hiring a coder who said, "yes, we must write this server in Neko" I would say, "okay, why?" And if the reasons were good, then great. Do it. These are just tools. You should never lean on them for something they weren't designed to do; but if you find that one matches the job, then use it! Okay, thanks for the links. However, I hate to say this: I code for a living, and I can't parse a lot of this *t. I read the hirelite blog post a few months ago and found it amusing, but not very helpful. The blog's subheaders are: Traction (nonsense marketing term; immeasurable hyperbolic bullshit; what you're in after a skiing accident) Domain experience (.com? .net? .social?) Marketing ability (ability to talk BS -- covered) Fundraising ability (as above) Product skill (uses the term metrics way too many times; "skill" with our product doesn't require Skill writ large anyway; that's the point of our product.) Respect for development (we hope so) Relevant connections or following (Dad? Mom? Facebook? We have those). This, in short, does not help because it reads like what a non-technical co-founder needs to know to get a job with us, not what we need to find the right NTCF. lol. Once we reach 10k users we'll sell their email addresses and go on vacation. This is the equivalent of holding up a sign that says "Homeless - need beer to put kids through college" Well, one thing's for sure -- it would change learning forever. Frameworks are for dummies. Startups should roll their own. On that front, PHP is no better or worse than any other language. It just IS. If you're getting hung up on what framework to use, because you can't roll your own code for a bunch of custom pages, just use a damn CMS and stop pretending to be a coder =) http://cdn5.movieclips.com/mgm/w/wargames-1983/0580137_9495_... Some nasty script on this page crashes firefox. I love when the official government media outlet for a first-world power focuses on something like this. Does this mean they're giving him a pass? Or does it mean the UK will start preemptively arresting everybody with Asperger's as a threat to national security? If neither: What relevance does it have to any of this? Maybe you do. Maybe this post was about finding shameless solicitors. Who are you and how do we get in touch? oooh man. I had the pancreas thing blow up on me once. They told me to stop drinking. Which obviously...I didn't do. If you aren't into pot or anything, it's not much fun. What I blame it on, though, was living in South American and drinking a lot of really cheap local wisky. After my Kermit the Frog - green week from hell barfing, I stopped drinking hard booze; stopped everything for about 3 weeks, then slowly started with beer again. And now, I only drink beer. It hasn't come back for the last 4 years. I try to keep it to 6-9 beers a night (4-6 for the first year afterwards). I can't guarantee the same results for you. On a short term basis I'd recommend taking one Xanax, one Vicodin and 1-2 beers, as that won't cause another pancreatitis attack and it pretty well mimics the effect of a twelve pack. If you're one of the 19-drinks-a-night crowd though, I'd suggest treatment because nothing is going to fix it without almost killing you. Party on, amigo. ffffffffffffffffffffffffffff... you'll be buried next to me about six months later, with a little sign that says "he tried really, really hard to live longer than -> that guy" acute pancreatitis is unrelated to liver damage. It's triggered by long-term alcoholism in about 1% of the population, for unknown reasons. It's acute in the sense that it makes you very, very, sick and puts you in unbelievable pain. It goes away if you stop drinking. If untreated, it can kill you. The only way to stop it is to stop drinking, and believe me no matter how much an alcoholic you are, a single round of that shit will scare you off the booze for a long, long time. I still can't look at wisky. It's really truly that bad. But it has nothing to do with liver problems or anything else, it's an abnormal reaction of the pancreas to extended periods of alcohol abuse. Truthfully, if I didn't have to do a lot of graphics work as well, I wouldn't use a Mac. But being able to dive from Eclipse into Illustrator>Photoshop>After Effects, then into the terminal, sftp, ssh, remote mysql and dive back into Safari/FF/Chromium to test it, is very useful for my workflow as an all-in-one freelancer. I certainly wouldn't be able to use Windows for it. I could use Ubuntu, but would suffer on the graphic design front, especially dealing with motion and typography. If I didn't have the added design requirements, I'd probable just use some linux flavor. As it is, alone, the hardware/software combo isn't worth it if you're just coding. If someone is just developing, not designing, then no reason to go OS X. If design and dev are tightly bound in the workflow, then it's the only good solution right now. Define spiritual, explain how it cures pancreatitis, then we can talk. proce55ing is great for what it is / does, but there's a large gap between that and building functional games and animations, which isn't addressed by their screen graph model (nor this one). At issue, and missing, are parent-child relationships in which transformations and mouse events can be factored or transmitted up or down a display chain in the screen graph. To my knowledge, the only existing library that does this on Canvas is StrikeDisplay (strikedisplay.blogspot.com). In general, the ability to do that doesn't impinge on the ability to use native canvas vector functions in any way; but it simplifies the mixture of vector and raster images for animation, and acts as a better tool to let coders focus on the game they're trying to build rather than the intricacies of the canvas processing -- or to step it up, the raster and/or vector transformations -- behind something like: var a = new Sprite(); var b = new Sprite(); a.addChild(b); b.x = 100; a.rotation = 45; Which ideally should rotate both a and b by 45 degrees clockwise, with b offset in the rotation around a's axis by 100 px. I like this advice, a lot. My startup's not really a web startup -- per se -- it requires a lot of hardware, licenses, etc. All of which we're ready to get. If it were a simple web service I'd launch it now and just see what happened ;) Obviously, spending a lot on hardware and licenses up front means we need more than a trickle of customers to make it profitable, which in turn means we have to spend more on marketing. So what should be about $60k worth of annual fees for us turns into about $200k per year to pay the fees and draw the customers to make it worthwhile. There are...cheaper ways to start, but they hazard our safety and put us at greater risk. E.g. starting in a country where we can do this without a license. Or starting with cheaper hardware. Unfortunately, that's the nut of what we'd be talking about, to speak of investing in our customers and only spending enough to achieve profitability. (In theory, we could spend a few thousand and achieve profitability, but it wouldn't scale). Anyway, thanks for the ideas and input... it's the first truly positive view of loans I've heard as an option against VC, and it's something to think about. hm. EaselJS has evolved since I last saw it. The parent-child relationships look good. +1. -1 is Grant got the same idea I had about two years ago after seeing my code, and has gone through 3.2 major revisions to still arrive at a relatively inferior product with 10x as much code. (yeah, I wrote strikedisplay =) Not only that, he's the loon who's responsible for Flash 5 being a completely unusable product because of his insanely horrible side panel components and his greed in pushing them through with Adobe. Oh yeah, I also insulted him about the project panel which led him to rip off my work from StrikeDisplay. All that aside, it does appear that in the newest version Grant has finally caught up to almost where my code was about a year ago, and since I haven't maintained the project for almost two years, that's saying a lot =) Great work Grant! If I had a serious HTML5 project, I'd just loooove to use your code for it =\ hah. Although I'm sure if one of those arises I could write something better in a few hours. The trouble is, right now there is still nothing to be gained from writing something on a Canvas. It's too slow to play on an iphone, and there's no point in using it on a desktop when you can use Flash. And now anybody can release a game in html5 w/o any coding whatsoever, guaranteed. Grant: We are both pissing on the same lamppost in hopes of adding a tiny pile of sodium to it. Who gives a fck. Seriously, God Bless, just "rule the universe in HTML5". I only wrote my code a couple years ago to prove it was slower than the same thing in Flash. You want to make a life's work out of it? 3.2 major revs? Go ahead man. Sweet! So all the obnoxious animation and banner ads can be converted into "HTML5" that runs 3x slower and sucks up 80% of a dual core processor per ad...and NONE of the actual coding, deep interactivity or UI enhancements implied in the ECMA4/AS3 platform are included. Is this the shape of things to come? Let me off this stupid ride, google. I vote DuckDuckGo, pageranks based on qualified user responses regardless of crawlable content, interactivity with client-side languages and structures that can't necessarily be crawled by a bot script, and an end to a monolithic, archaic system of ranking up corporate garbage. BLOW ME, Google. Apple. HTML5 lovers. If anyone needs proof Flex/Flash won't be dead for a long time, here it is =) The cross browser web already exists. It's called AS3. The only reason it gets a lot of bad press is that no one wants to snuggle up to Adobe. Meanwhile everybody flails around pretending that HTML5+JS will solve the problem, when that was already a dinosaur five years ago, and as you said will never be supported uniformly across browsers. Edit: Here come the fanbois to downrate me. Consider your own karma. Downrating me does not change the facts on the ground. You cannot build a 3d racing game in HTML5+JS in the browser. Can you??? If you can, seriously, respond instead of hitting that little down arrow, and I would love to see what combination of technologies you employ! looks like it could use a little work in firefox 5 before it's at uh, flash level quality: (screenshot) http://www.opencombinator.com/editroom.png yeahhh... basically we can turn the last 15 years of annoying flash ads back into the modern equivalent of animated gifs. whoopee =) It's totally not a nerdy loophole. If Javascript 2 / ECMA-4 was available in most browsers, it would be exactly the wide-open cross platform flash experience everyone wants. It's just that the only implementation of that, right now, happens to be done by Adobe. The specs are open, there's nothing secret about it. There are open source alternative players (gnash, flowplayer, etc), and Adobe made Flex 3 free for devs which is all you need to write any kind of app you'd like. Look, the only reason there's ANY implementation of ECMA4 in the browser, i.e. Flash, is that a company which doesn't make a browser took it upon itself to create a plugin for all browsers that runs it. Now everyone hates them because it's "closed", which is ironic because IE's implementation of for example the matrix 'filter' -- just to pick one random thing -- is so ludicrously archaic and different from anything webkit, that there's zero, zip, nada, NO HOPE of those two things ever converging in a way that would let a single piece of code skew the same image in both browsers. Anyway, to other people -- I work on mac, and I write code for both canvas and as3. I wrote this: http://strikedisplay.blogspot.com . Also wrote sexypolitics. Things are...what they are. You have to face reality and use the right tool for the job. And when JS2 comes out, sure I'll be there. 'Til then, long live Adobe. Beats the alternative Mozilla/Microsoft/Google mess. Funny how Alderney never noticed before that FT was doing business in the States, huh? Just out of curiosity, I wonder what happens if you zip and tarball your encrypted archives. If TCHunt mimics whatever the standard enforcement scan is, say when you land at an American airport and they search your laptop, then maybe a few rounds of various forms of compression would smooth out the noise? Yes. This has been happening for a long time: https://www.nytimes.com/2006/10/24/business/24road.html The 9th circuit court already ruled it permissible. The Association of Corporate Travel Executives put out this warning: "ACTE’s advice to business travelers states: 1. That you should not carry any confidential, personal information that you do not want examined by third parties on your computer – or other electronic devices. This includes financial data, photographs, and email stored on computers, wireless phones, Blackberries, or iPod-type devices. 2. That you should limit the amount of proprietary business information you carry on your computer, and that it be transmitted before crossing the border so you have access to it in the event your unit is seized. 3. If your laptop also serves as your major home computer, get another one for travel purposes. 4. The Association of Corporate Travel Executives is not advising travelers to hide data from U.S. border authorities, but to take steps to minimize the impact of its loss, or the inability to access it, in the event it is seized." Source: http://www.eturbonews.com/2264/ninth-circuit-court-rules-bor... It's actually kind of lame that this pompous flamebait makes it to the top of HN, and then he concludes his post saying he doesn't take comments on his blog. excusez-moi, what is he the New Yorker? I'd prefer to address his pomposity on his own turf rather than here, so all I'm going to say is this has all been said before, and it's a bitter irony to spend time talking about flogging dead horses while debating the semantics of a meaningless buzzword with nobody but yourself. There's a corollary too, which the University failed to study (but should've)...which is that if you treat people like infants and feed them fox news garbage 24/7, they act like idiots and society collapses. Go figure. What's the problem? It's a photo taken in a public space. It's not like the government doesn't do the same thing to everybody 20-40 times a day (and more like 400 times a day in the UK). It's not like the guy went around breaking down people's doors because he thought he heard them flushing drugs down a toilet*. Singletons are great for some things, and not bad design at all. Font managers, sound managers, upload managers, focus managers, anything that starts and stops threads are all good candidates for them. Singletons are an obvious solution for any program that needs to round-robin users to one of many nodes upon login and then leave them there for all classes to communicate with. Especially if you might need all your classes to suddenly start talking to a different server node instead. There's no reason -- and it's possibly dangerous -- to create multiple instances of any of the above...and the ability to (for instance) globally alter the volume of all the sounds of a given type in your game, or call a static function to play any sound, far outweighs the supposed design beauty of OO in those cases. In fact, you could argue that OO code only really works because it relies on a single instance of the system it's running on to manage one or more threads, one or more sound channels through a single set of speakers, etc. If common sense would dictate that there should never be more than one instance of something, then enforcing that becomes good design, the equivalent of writing good docs and clean virtual classes / interfaces. IMHO, only a room full of screaming nerds can keep us from mass invasions of privacy. Weren't the founding fathers basically a room full of screaming nerds, writing a technical document, basically a programmatic meme against tyranny? Just sayin'. Oh but as far as the date... yeah, I actually didn't notice that. I just liked the kid's writing. Probably should have looked more closely at it. But I have to say I'm heartened by the fact that so many intelligent people around here actually care about fighting the attacks on the individual inherent, as you put it, in herding a population through a system like cattle. mayyybe. It's definitely a gamble with my earnings. The basic thing here is that while I'm not 100% sold on Bitcoin, it provides the chance to enter an otherwise locked-down market. It's like a one-time chance to go back to 1995 and open an online casino. Nobody knows if this is going to work, because nobody knows if Bitcoin will make it or not...and I might wind up holding a ton of useless Bitcoins for all I know. But it's like buying land in Alaska, y'know? Who knows what's under there. Like what? No bets taken from US, French or Italian players. We're running some very strict stuff to filter out any questionable traffic, and probably have a fair amount of false positives. Email me your IP address at help@strikesapphire.com and I can whitelist it. Having said that, if it's telling you that you should probably contact your ISP. Please try again. I see what happened, I had just done a testrun of cloudflare on the game server, and it wasn't talking to the playerservers anymore because the new DNS hadn't propagated yet. The system is distributed on a few continents. If it still doesn't work, give it about 5 minutes. I know it's a funny time to test that out, when this is ranking on the front page of HN, but it's actually less stress than when I start having a lot of real bets riding. I haven't announced this elsewhere, yet. I think I've just loosened the restriction that was stopping you, but I'm not sure. Try again now... I agree there's a high risk potential for that. At the end of the day, no money is withdrawn without a manual check on it. The other vectors, like injection and no money's stored on the live servers. There are constant backups and mirrors to servers around the world, so at worst, the site could suffer a couple hours of downtime and we'd have to comp a few people. I'm limiting signups to 50 per month, at first, until I can afford to hire more help; right now I've got floor managers, and yes, I have lawyers, and yes, the guy who posted about finding an attorney is a fed who I think just tried to sign up with a fake IP address. But we control the throttle and this will only do what it's supposed to do; I won't put players at risk of losing if we get hacked, but if we do there are backups and people on standby to clean up the mess. StrikeSapphire SA is incorporated in Costa Rica, and complies with all relevant gaming laws there and elsewhere. Edit: Again, the site is NOT taking bets from the US. American players can sign up for playcash, but that's it, and you'll have a very hard time going further from that toward depositing or withdrawing. There's a warning on the signup page that says we can't take cash from US players, and I mean it. I live outside the US and hosting is done in various other countries according to law. I spent about $15k and 5% of the company's equity in legal fees to insure that everything that would transpire here would be fully legal -- that part was a lot harder than coding it, if you want to know the truth, and some day I'll write a book on it or something, but... yeah. The reason no one's done this is because it's an extremely daunting legal and political landscape, so to take it on, just make sure you've kind of gamed out what happens under each scenario. On the other hand, if you don't care it's pretty easy to launch a poker script for bitcoin...just get outta the US before you do it, I'm sure you'll make some bank ;) It's relatively easy, but the phrase "skating on thin ice" comes to mind. The laws in this space are so fluid that it's a full-time job keeping up with them. Put another way, if you want a hack job you can get it done for a relative pittance. If you want some ineffable peace-of-mind, it doesn't happen through normal channels. There or anywhere else. And I'm still relatively new to this, but someone's gotta push the industry forward because it's dead-stagnant and everybody knows it. I should probably back this up by saying, this isn't my full-time job, and if anything I see the software licensing being much more lucrative than the casino itself, which is ephemeral to the ideal of building the best games ever™ hahaha yup. +1 for nailing it. if you're a silicon valley boy w/o any links to the mob, you're pretty much screwed. Bitcoin to the rescue? Who knows =) again -- we are NOT an illegal gambling site. We aren't taking players from countries where it's illegal, and we're complying with all laws in countries where it is. If you're thinking about playing poker for profit in the US, you should do it in a casino licensed to accept your bets, and you should report your income. We're dealing in bitcoin, but that doesn't mean we are ignorant of or unyielding to local law. Taking bets from the US is just not a winning strategy these days, and we have no intention of doing so. hm. yeah, probably. Because my friend who picked up street Italian from her boyfriend in Rome helped me do the first translation right before Italy passed the law. She probably screwed up a little, but she gets an A for effort =) I've lived in Vietnam and can confirm this is still policy. All over the country, every area (say, 6-8 city blocks from what I could tell) has a "Block warden" who's in charge of making sure everyone's political views are in line within their sphere. Most of these guys drive mercedes-benzes now and their kids spend most of the day playing videogames and blasting bad music off oversized speakers from the middle of the block warden's compound -- which itself is usually a large modern house with very high walls. No one sees what goes on in there, but the music starts blasting off those speakers at 6:30 AM sharp, six days a week, and if you're Vietnamese your ass is out of bed and washing the street in front of your shop by 7. Google is trying to establish an online version of this kind of total collective obedience. And this, right after they admit to the German gov't that they've shared European data collected off their cloud servers with the US intelligence services? Seriously? Screw them to hell. Illiterate idiots can't raise responsible, intelligent children. Giving them free computers isn't the answer. What they need is to feel a constant sense of extreme shame for letting themselves and their situation degenerate to that degree. As it is, instead of shaming slothful, lazy, degenerate idiots, society shames itself into allowing them a free pass on the grounds that all else being equal, some people must be too stupid to figure anything out for themselves. Which turns out to be false when it comes to gaming the welfare system, cooking crystal meth or jacking peoples' shoes... but those kinds of smarts are what you get when you start coddling and nannying to the point where individuality and ambition are wiped out and the neediest and laziest survive. I hope none of my tax dollars went toward buying them a computer. In fact, I hope they eat each other. Great post, though. I completely agree with this statement, but the first thing you teach is that a gun IS a tool, it is NOT a toy. I have no problem with teaching kids to shoot, hunt and defend themselves, but I go ballistic when I see 5-year-olds running around with realistic plastic .45s and AK-47s. I think their pinhead parents should be strung up by the thumbs, the idiots. Because they're teaching their kids that guns are toys before the kids even handle a real weapon. Guns -- real, pellet, bb, plastic or otherwise -- should be off-limits until a kid's shown the basic understanding of what they do, what life and death are, and that they ain't toys. Sivers and his former company have been spamming me constantly for the last 10 years. Now he's an entreprenurial guru selling self-help advice? If he is, he oughta get a wig and a rent-a-yacht like everyone else on late night television. The dude's done nothing in the last decade other than promote himself. He hasn't written anything I've ever read that didn't reference himself and his awesomeness at least once every two sentences. Ostracizing people socially -- rather than using bureaucracy as a method of enforcing ever more bloated statutes -- is a tried and true human tradition. It happens all the time online. Note the emergence of up-ranking news sites, for instance. Downranking is a powerful form of social censorship that helps civilize the worse traits in human nature. To rely solely on law or on bureaucracy to keep people acting in a civilized fashion is to discard thousands of years of social/moral wisdom. The argument usually begins with moral relativism -- e.g. you don't know what it's like to be XYZ, you were born ABC, and how dare you judge anybody -- and ends with the credo that all is permissible. The problem with everything being permissible is that, contrarily, in a situation where there is a refusal on the part of individuals to judge each other, no individual has any rights. Their rights are either abrogated by the police and the faceless majority, or everyone's rights directly infringe on each other's, in an anarchic context that only begs for further control. Therefore, face-to-face settlement of conflict and the boundaries between individuals is preferable to settlement by the state, and also preferable to a complete lack of settlement. And THEREFORE, we must use the best tools in the arsenal to settle such conflicts on a local basis, which most definitely include humiliating and ostracizing and, yes, JUDGING people based on how they behave. This whole thing made me realize I'm going to run for President, btw. I think I finally realized what my views are. I'm a gun-owning conservative social anarchist libertarian that believes in improving Medicare. I think it's a unique platform. I also own an online casino. Look for me in 2016 =) Okay -- maybe this is a stupid question, and I'm a college dropout (and never took a physics class), but here's a stab at plain logic: Isn't there a law of thermodynamics that says that entropy increases in a system over time? And doesn't general relativity state that time is a function of gravity or acceleration or relative mass? So wouldn't increasing gravity/acceleration/mass, i.e. relatively increasing the passage of time, also relatively increase entropy? And if that's true, then wouldn't the equation work both ways -- such that an increase in entropy led to an increase in gravity? Again, sorry if that's crazy, but I'd like to hear anyone's opinion on it... Extortion. This is the racket of the 21st Century. Once you got the eyeballs, you call every business in your database and threaten to cut its legs out from under it unless it pays up. Google's running more or less the same racket. It's "soft"...there are no threats, exactly. But imagine if the Chicago Tribune called vendors and threatened to run a miserable review of them if they didn't pay? So why hasn't that happened? Because of libel laws, for one thing. RICO for another. Best answer would be a class action to subpoena Yelp for the IP & personal info of the posters of questionable negative reviews that had survived the removal of legitimate positive reviews, and file a lawsuit against the authors and Yelp for libel. A few thousand of those and they'll be pushed back into their corner. 2+2 Poker Forum has been doing this in the online casino industry for awhile... but they're real criminals anyway: http://www.casinomeister.com/forums/poker-complaints/45662-2... Just because it's algorithmic doesn't mean it's legal or clean. I can write an algorithm that searches your cookies for porn sites, figures out who employs you, and emails you a customized extortion threat. If their algorithm works the way it's described in the article, then it'll downrank or remove 10 legitimate, positive posts from real customers if they're made in one day, and will preserve and uprank 1 illegitimate negative post from a competitor, unless the unwilling subject of this debate agrees to pay to remove the negative review. That's the definition of extortion, and if ever there was an algorithm written for that purpose, the one described in the article is it.