I'll raise the possibility of recycling the old "e" prefix, once more. e-rage e-despair (e-spair?) It might even be applied in initially unanticipated ways. E.g. e-lag (a takeoff of jet-lag): That tired, time-shifted feeling you get from 2 am "global" meetings, without the necessity of actually getting on a plane. It also can be taken to refer to things electronic, in general. Thus it might well be retroactively applied to activities such as programming the VCR clock, and the like. Whatever the phrase that sticks, an important component will be its easy pronunciation. "Road rage", "jet-lag". Simple and with preferred syllabic structure. For more on that, google some of Theo Vennemann's (linguist) work on optimal syllabic structures (I assume its out there somewhere). That was supposed to read: e-rage e-despair (e-spair?) Not all on one line. Guess I'm experiencing a little e-rage over this non-intuitive aspect of the comment editor. The links provided are "MacBroken". Here they are, fixed: http://www.satisfice.com/articles/hrbt.pdf http://www.stickyminds.com/getfile.asp?ot=XML&id=13289&#... http://www.cs.tut.fi/tapahtumat/testaus04/schaefer.pdf Or maybe it's NoScript getting in the way. Anyway... Yes. And self understanding can help avoid some of the counter productive if not destructive advice that comes from the "mainstream". It may sound like obligatory appeasement, but the "different not better" language really does come to apply to one's understanding as one ages. Particularly if you've not been successful, and observe those around you who were once a bit in awe of what you could do, having successful lives (in your own eyes) while you continue to flounder from one poor fit to the next. If I'd known then, what I know now, I could have made some better choices. I feel I've squandered a lot of what I have to offer. I'm most happy when I am truly helping others, but the course I've ended up on has left me largely at odds with one poor fit after another, wherein I largely end up making everyone miserable. Just by way of explanation, for myself I've taken some damage along the way that makes it hard to just change (the discomfort is very distracting; also, I need to maintain group health care coverage). I hope that messages like this will reach those who are like me, so that they might avoid forcing themselves into roles that promote such damage, physical and/or mental. Life's just plain not easy, for many, and there are no guarantees. I can only say that, for myself, as I've learned more about my own personality and how it does and does not fit into the world, I've become better able to cope. The author is describing a group of people who are very bright, but who also (in my case, at least) have a strong need for a social connection. Knowledge like this can better enable them to approach that on their own terms, and perhaps to then be happy with the results. I always like to have a peek at lists for something I may have overlooked (ooh, shiny!). This one is actually pretty good -- recommends a number of quality items. The average person here may already be familiar or have their own alternatives, but this list might make a good pass-along to less geeky friends. Maybe I'm fooling myself, but I definitely notice/perceive the need for glucose after extended concentration. Whether from a longer respite and a good meal, or from a modest intake of something like soda. With the latter, though, it is difficult to keep from overindulging and inducing a sugar buzz/crash cycle. Interesting. Someone posted this link over at Reddit. Gave me a chuckle. http://www.reddit.com/r/reddit.com/comments/70q4l/live_lhc_w... LHC Compact Muon Solenoid Experiment Webcams http://www.cyriak.co.uk/lhc/lhc-webcams.html For the web site, I find that I can switch to an SSL/TLS-delivered log on page by clicking the unsecured front page's log on button without entering credentials. However, the SSL/TLS-delivered page is broken in that some elements used in its composition are not secured. My understanding (not may area, so feedback welcome) is that this opens up security concerns; those unsecured elements allow the possibility for the page and its functionality to be compromised. I really dislike the more recent trend to "fancy up" submissions of secure information. Give me an SSL/TLS-delivered page with a valid certificate and which the browser can confirm as being (entirely) secured. Don't hide the security behind scripting and the like and ask that I take it on faith. UPDATE: I tried again, and this time the page was completely secured. So maybe my original concern is not present; however, it would appear that the site may be unstable to some degree. Again, not my area of expertise. But I figure here is as good a place as any for feedback to reach the developers, and/or to be corraborated by others' experiences. Has the Business Week site been cleaned up from its recent compromise (that was Business Week, wasn't it?)? I've been avoiding the site until I hear the "all clear". Thanks for this post/thread. I am extremely sensitive to (human) noise in my environment. For me, any degree of audibility can become very distracting and therefore frustrating. One exception is when there are so many voices that they become unintelligle; it seems my brain is then "willing to give up" and the distraction can be less. The presence of all that sound is still somewhat distracting and is tiring, but I stop being forced to perceive individual elements of conversation. I'd run across chatterblocker or a similar item but had not tried it. This is a good reminder to give it a go, the next time I find myself in an appropriate circumstance. I wonder, has anyone found quality recordings of crowds, e.g. of conversation in a busy coffee house or cafe? In lieu of a computer and program, I've wondered whether such a thing would be useful, but I do not have the recording equipment to make a professional-grade (and therefore, comfortable for long use) recording. In my struggles to get away from work environment noise, I've run across these resources: Direct Sound Extreme Isolation® Headphones http://www.extremeheadphones.com/ Ear Plug Superstore http://earplugstore.stores.yahoo.net/ Thanks. It's very informative to have the other side, as well. Tragedy, all around, it seems. Several additional products mentioned in the comments. In particular, this commentor points to a separate review he wrote that addresses some different products: http://bulletproofbox.com/web-based-rich-text-editors-compar... I remain surprised that Vinge does not appear -- to my limited knowledge -- to get the same attention that some other SF masters do. His works are excellent, particularly "A Fire Upon the Deep" and "A Deepness in the Sky". Probably should start with the introduction: http://www.stephenwolfram.com/publications/talks/mathml/math... (Just to hopefully be helpful. It took me a minute myself to notice the "previous" link at the bottom. Thanks for the article.) Blog post links to a RapidShare URL. Looks like the application comes from here: http://linux.techass.com/projects/etr/ http://freshmeat.net/projects/etextreader/ It looks to be pretty old; the previous to current version is listed with a date in 2002. But if it works (haven't tried it, yet), so what? Project Gutenburg hosts a file that appears to be one version back: http://www.gutenberg.org/etext/255 Now, for my "value added. For extended reading off the screen, I wanted to dim all but the foreground window. Whether reading a text book in an editor, or a text-ful web page, or what have you. After a fair bit of googling, I settled upon this (Windows only -- sorry) utility, Ghoster: http://www.donationcoder.com/Software/Skrommel/#Ghoster It can get a bit finicky with focus, and sometimes I have to hit the Windows key on the keyboard to get the taskbar to show, but I've never had a serious problem with it. I shrink whatever window until the contents have a comfortable width, flip on Ghoster, and have a less eye straining, distraction free read. And since the background is dimmed rather than completely blanked, I can still notice if e.g. an IM pops up. Thanks for this thread. I've been becoming increasingly concerned about both stability and liability in the face of today's legal climate. Even the little discussion community that I've managed on my own nickel I see increasingly as a potential liability. One nut whose posts get some official or professional attention, and my life might be made cr*p. Although I wasn't actively researching, this gives me some options to consider. Coming back from Europe in 87, to a small town in the Midwest, to realize that I was now a few keystrokes away from Europe -- via BITNET. SLEEPY, where are you? I still remember your text files. There is a shortage of work in the U.S. And despite the work being redistributed worldwide, the ability to travel to take that work is limited (various and numerous reasons; legal, social, and practical). Another aspect of the fallacy of describing the current world-wide economic system as "free trade". So, once again, we (this comment is U.S. centric) mortgage our future to pay for the present. This time, our intellectual and productive (as in real things, as opposed to words and paper) future. When we have no products to offer in return, we will be reduced to selling our capital -- the country itself -- in order to pay for the things we need. All the more so as other economies continue to develop both the legal structures and "service sector" workers to do to jobs that we were -- in grotesquely misinformed and/or misleading descriptions -- supposed to retain. Not to mention that, even if we did retain such work indefinitely, there's not enough of it to go around. Furthermore, not everyone's inclination nor ability lies in being a banker or a lawyer. A society consists of a diverse population; it is morally reprehensible to disenfranchise entire segments via such unsustainable market imbalances. groan Well, there's a plant in Japan that's apparently blogging. And the Swiss have recognized some set of plant rights. By that measure, vegetarians might be no better than murderers. In fact, their relentless focus on the exploitation of flora might even be viewed as a form of terrorism. Not to defend the theater aspect, but my (rather limited) understanding of effective security interview involves a series of questions and evaluation of performance across the responses. A single question by itself may not have much inherent meaning, but the composite can be quite effective. Can be. Not saying that's what they are doing in this instance. My own life situation is pretty messed up, so take this with a grain of salt. But: > I have always dreamed of becoming a scientist. I always loved maths, sciences, puzzles, theory but also programming and engineering. For hope, keep in mind that there are other people like you. And that some of them do achieve the kind of goals you state. > I find it the most soul-crushing experience to continue working while pretending that the whole thing is getting anywhere. If things have gotten to this point, you definitely need a change. Take it from someone who did not make the change: Continuing in such a situation leads to a downward spiral. I guess there can eventually be some learning value in the experience, but it is a brutal journey and the return ticket is not guaranteed. Evaluate what you have, and what is missing from achieving your goals -- or (they say it's the journey, not the goal, that matters) from making progress towards your goals. It sounds like you have a pretty stable financial and professional position. One that also provides you access to a lot of useful tools. How much time, effort, and "spirit" do you have to give to the organization in return for this? If you strike off on your own at this point, do you have a plan or some idea of how you will get these things: Self-sufficiency and the tools you need? Not that lack of a detailed plan should necessarily stop you. But do you know your next steps and have some comfort with them? I should add, too, that although some aspects of your current professional community suck, it can be easy to undervalue one's participation in such a community until it is gone. Sounds like there are people there who you respect. And there is likely professional and social contact you would miss. Being in such an environment can almost inherently help one to remain "plugged in" to one's field, as well as providing exposure to things one might not otherwise encounter or consider. So, you have yourself, and you have the situation you are in. What is stopping the progress? Is it the situation? For example, a heavy weight of demands for your assigned work may leave you with insufficient time and/or energy left over to pursue your interests. Is it you yourself? Do you need more external guidance to follow your desired path? (This isn't necessarily a bad thing, although it can have a bearing on the kind of work you may want to focus on. It may be painful, but it is a question that eventually needs an honest answer.) Are you a person who fundamentally cannot accept situations that you find "wrong"? (This, also, is not necessarily a bad thing. People who have refused to accept the status quo and/or incomplete or faulty reasoning, have eventually forced very valuable re-evaluations. This, too, can be a painful process and require fortitude.) While you are in your current position, you might focus on -- I kind of hate to use this word, not being the most social person myself -- networking. Try to get to know the people you do respect, and their work, better. Learn what other people are doing both at your institution and elsewhere. I imagine it's true in academia and government organizations as well as in business, that people hire people. If people you like and respect come to like and respect you, this may lead to new opportunities, and those will be with people you know and trust. Finally, I was recently in touch with an old friend who's part of the a very large research project. And, for all the intellectual brilliance you might imagine is there, some of the individual qualifications, or lack there of, and a lot of the personal behavior, as described to me was a bit stunning. There are some people there -- researchers -- for largely political or even bedroom reasons. There apparently is A TON of self-interest, and competition. Some of this appears to be inherent in research these days. Resources are limited, and the type A personalities will push hard to get what they can. People become very territorial. Aggression plays a significant role in at least some people's success. I say this looking in from the outside, based on this friend's comments; it may not be an accurate and/or an entire picture, but it's the one I've gained. My friend is one of those "brilliant" people who's always had to find his own path -- hardly mainstream and without the pretty, mainstream CV/resume some might be looking for. But, he can figure anything out, if it interests him, and is amazingly effective at "getting shit done". People who get to know him learn this and trust him. When someone else wasn't working out, one of those people brought him in to this project. My point is not to ramble on, but to say that for all the assholes, there are also good people out there, who "get shit done". And some of them get to know each other. It doesn't erase the bullshit, but it compensates. And apparently it lets them achieve their goals, if with some aggravation. Some of those people who "get shit done" will do so regardless of the environment. If there is an obstruction, they will find a way around it, or a way to obviate it. Or they may simply ignore it, come up with a minimum effort to supply required reporting, and get on with the things that matter (to whatever project they are officially on and/or to them). My description is, I guess, a bit simplified and even romantic. But in essence, it's how some people work. I'll try to tie this back to your situation. What do you feel are the real stumbling blocks? Is it the environment and what it demands? Or do you find yourself needing more direction? Regardless of whether you remain or not, you'll need some direction to pursue. Preferably one you are passionate about. You may not remain passionate about it forever, or even past the next year. But once you own it, environment becomes a means to an end. Hopefully not one you simply exploit entirely to your own ends -- sounds like you've already seen some of the effects of such an attitude in what you currently face. But one you turn, as best you can, to your purpose. And one where you contribute, because a better environment helps you meet your purpose. And if you do stay, perhaps a bit of that attitude might encourage your colleagues and improve the atmosphere a bit. Then again, I myself am currently in the pits. Take this with a grain of salt. But I'll submit my response nonetheless, in case there's any value either in or between the lines. P.S. I would avoid actively opposing people or engaging in hostility, even where justified. Senior researchers can burn you with a lasting mark. Rather, if you stay, I'd be tempted to think of it as more of a guerrilla campaign. One where you are out to achieve your goals while leaving any ignorant powers that be as blissfully unaware as possible. With regard to this, I will reference specifically health. I've had some persistent health issues that significantly limit my effectiveness. When they are ascendant, quite simply it is difficult to focus in the face of the constant irritation. (These result from injuries, and the medical community has been less than definitive and less than helpful in finding solutions.) My point is not a self-pity fest, but to say that, from personal experience, I've learned there are physical factors that can limit one's effort. I think that some people who have not experienced this, don't realize nor understand it. It is part of what makes community essential to achievement. We all learn from others, and passing on our knowledge is essential to continuing this progress. Similarly, people have times during which their ability to do for themselves is limited. At those times, the community can help to get them out of that low spot. (Whether family, friends, and/or a larger agency.) The result is hopefully someone who can once again contribute to the community. (Note that I'm not defining what that contribution should be. In that regard, I support a free market of ideas and personal interests.) It seems to me that for people who claim to value life, this should be a pretty basic understanding. And yet we have this persistent notion of the self-made person. In moderation, it's a good idea. Everyone has to find their own path and success. Taken to extremes, we end up with "survival of the fittest". This is a workable means of defining hierarchy, but it fails to investigate resource optimization where an investment in another may yield larger dividends. And it is at odds with that espoused viewpoint of "valuing life" in a general sense. It may limit the scope of cooperative ventures. And this is a time where human ventures are ever more complicated and in need of such cooperative effort. Individual effort is indeed necessary. But we need to look also as a community at what enables that effort, and where there are limitations, to work on removing them. And that I see as a group effort, not just one person grasping their bootstraps. The bootstraps are necessary, but they are no longer sufficient. http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Learning_styles#Other_models One of the most common and widely-used categorizations of the various types of learning styles is Fleming's VARK model: 1. visual learners; 2. auditory learners; 3. reading/writing-preference learners; 4. kinesthetic learners or tactile learners Visual learners learn through seeing (think in pictures; visual aids such as overhead slides, diagrams, handouts, etc.). Auditory learners learn through listening (lectures, discussions, tapes, etc.). Tactile/kinesthetic learners learn through experience -- moving, touching, and doing (active exploration of the world; science projects; experiments, etc.). Slogger https://addons.mozilla.org/en-US/firefox/addon/143 Scrapbook https://addons.mozilla.org/en-US/firefox/addon/427 Both are configurable. Not sure whether they would achieve what you want, but they are worth a look. For myself, I use Scrapbook to save interesting pages for future perusal. This is very convenient, and it can help limit the growth of large numbers of open tabs and the resultant resource consumption and slowdown. Scrapbook also has integrated search. Scrapbook can be set to save every page visited, and to save a bookmark rather than the entire page. I'm not sure whether the two can be combined. HTH P.S. Looks like Scrapbook is supporting Firefox 3, now. I'm still on 2 and so don't know how that support is going. Earlier lack of support was one (of several) compatibility issues that kept me back on 2. > And that's only for one data packet. A crucial point. A few years back, I had to deal with some rather "chatty" applications that were attempting to span filesets/databases located in both the U.S. and India. Latency on a single data exchange might be annoying; multiply that by hundreds or thousands of exchanges per each human-level interaction with the application, and said application ground to something that would make a "crawl" look high speed. Partly the vendor's fault, for not accurately representing this situation. Partly the Company's fault for neither anticipating nor investigating it (nor listening to me when I advocated doing so); further, for attempting a non-standard deployment in an attempt to save a few bucks. I guess I'll blame the vendor again for such an unnecessarily verbose and crap-laden application design. Anyway, the whole thing turned into one giant, festering pool of fail, that the users actively avoided when they could and loathed and sweated over when they couldn't. Eventually, turnover at the pointy haired boss level made it politically feasible to kill more and more of the pieces, and now some years later the Company has supposedly ponied up the money for a solution that actually works (well, the demos look/work better, and the basic design seems capable of allowing it to work). When I think of the countless hours and frustration wasted on that doomed deployment. So, anyway, watch your network latency, know your application design, and pay attention to the implications. When testing, test network performance, and inject latency, noise and the like to get a picture of what things will look like in the real world. Sounds simple; nonetheless, this technologically relatively sophisticated company still managed to completely screw it up. An "old" method used to be to put individual items on notecards. These could be rearranged repeatedly, with additional cards inserted as ideas were either fleshed out or fit into a larger context. It's writing, but not (yet) writing a linear, not to mention final, draft. I understand that these days some people work in a similar fashion, but with Post It notes. The advantage being that you can spread them out over a table or wall or similar (walls are then a convenient source or otherwise unoccupied surface area), and they won't be as easily inadvertently jostled out of order. If you are worried about losing a card organization scheme, when they are laid out in such fashion you can take picture(s) in order to preserve a record. This can also serve as a backup mechanism against losing the cards. It also works for handwritten notes. You do not need to spend a lot of time on the pictures if that time is not productive. But the pictures are so easy to take -- one can just snap them at the end of each day or workday. If your 4 year old randomizes your stack, or you forget your notebook while juggling 3 other things, all is not lost. If that never happens, all you've lost is a couple of minutes' clicking and some non-volatile memory capacity. Behind all these comments, is the fact that for me, writing long hand is still sometimes most productive. If the volume of output is less, the concentration tends to be higher. And it can be accomplished most anywhere, at a moment's notice. There's also the kinesthetic aspect of long hand, to which I respond strongly. Knowing one's learning and interaction style may be helpful. For me, a physical relationship/interaction drives heightened awareness. Others may be more visual, or acoustic. I wonder whether personal recorders / voice notetaking devices work particularly well for the latter. Gave me only the first two paragraphs. jgranby's link, above, gave me the whole thing. pg, I don't know whether this is part of a viable solution, but I will say that for me, excessive browsing has become a problem (not just of this site, but in general -- mostly tech news sites and blogs). FWIW. Could this be done by running e.g. a portable instance of Firefox alongside a regular install? I read that a while back some people were doing this to use/test Firefox 2 and 3 concurrently, but I never gave it a try. Currently, I keep a clean Opera installation solely for high-importance secure transactions, but I like some of the features that (I know, I have to trust them) Firefox extensions add to Gmail. I also don't want to be running Gmail through that clean Opera installation; I want to restrict my use of the latter to access to known sites and trusted content. Actions speak louder than words. And not just your own, but others' as well. Observe what people do, not just what they say (or write). Learn from it. To do that, you have to participate. Participating is challenging. Learn to stand up for yourself. Take martial arts. Not to be a badass, but to maintain your integrity around jerks who use physical intimidation. Actions speak louder than words. If you feel bad about what you are doing, likely it is impacting others negatively as well. (Even if it's just talking.) We learn emotions, not just ideas. If you stay stuck in bad emotions, you will reinforce their patterns. Two things you have in finite quantity and which, once lost, may not be recovered. Time, and your health. Guard both strenuously. I dont' mean that one should live in isolation; quite the contrary. But don't let your time and health be wasted or needlessly, stupdidly compromised. Just observing the property value increases in my area made me nervous. I could observe no inherent basis for their magnitude. Housing was experiencing a surge not reflected in the broader economy; it was feeding upon itself. The penultimate "house of cards". There was no sustaining model for the demand. The population wasn't increasing that rapidly, and people's productivity (or earnings) wasn't rising in a fashion to enable them to afford to occupy an ever increasing quantity of living space. Thanks. Guess I'm getting a bit sloppy in my phrasing. Or maybe it was my subconscious? If so, I'm not sure I want to know / learn what is the ultimate house of cards. The current one is already proving challenging enough for me. ;-) Public facing intro page. http://www.ibm.com/developerworks/linux/edu/l-dw-linux-harde... But yeah, article access needs ID and password. For some reason, IBM continues to insist on posting some of this stuff behind a registration wall, while publicly posting other apparently very similar articles publicly. It's annoying. (Anyone from IBM on here and know why IBM continues to do this, and what the distinction is between public and registered-users-only postings?) My ID and password, which I got years ago, were free. Don't know whether free registration is still the case. There is a "lite" version of Firebug that works in IE. http://getfirebug.com/lite.html Would that suffice? I haven't used it. At a quick look, it doesn't appear to enable the debugging features may be after, but I'll mention it just in case. (I'm no expert in this.) Some subscriptions act somewhat as filters for other (possible) subscriptions. I have quite a number of feeds bookmarked; however, I visit only a subset daily, having found over time that they generate or cite the majority of the items I find interesting. Other feeds I touch on somewhat less frequently, when I am in the mood for something different or when an item causes me to "see what they've been up to". 1. Make a best effort to reach a mutual understanding. Don't assume you are right; question both sides. 2. (Prepare to) Move on. If your boss is truly holding things back, staying will increase your frustration while limiting your development. Been there, done that. I'm curious as to what research you're referencing. I started taking a vitamin D supplement a few weeks ago at the encouragement of my father, and it seems to be making a difference in my sense of well-being, but I'd welcome a few pointers if you have any handy. (Don't mean to impose, though.) The following essay was cited over at reddit. Don't let "Marx" in the title put you off; it is well worth the read. Boiled down, a bailout buys time when it is desperately needed. Even if there is failure in a couple of years, that time would come as a bargain. Second, the "$72" figure doesn't include legacy health care costs. Foreign manufacturers in the U.S. benefit from long term social planning in their native countries. Of course, the author is more thorough and a lot more eloquent. http://news.yahoo.com/s/huffpost/20081129/cm_huffpost/147114... cited over at reddit http://www.reddit.com/r/reddit.com/comments/7j1kg/it_is_crit... Anyone else have NoScript alert on this page to a potential XSS condition? Guess this explains it. Sigh. Now I've admitted to using Facebook. But you see, it was this girl, and she wanted to "friend" me... Shoulda known better. http://lifehacker.com/5109085/log-into-lifehacker-using-face... I'd suggest the complement to this is emulation. I have an emulator for my old CP/M environment. I understand there are several emulators for Mac OS pre-10 stuff. DOS emulators and modern virtual environments galore. So, don't just move your data. Make sure you also include emulation applications/environments. You may end up with a set of matryoshka (Russian stacking dolls). But, if you drill down through them, you will always be able to access your data, even when in proprietary format. And with the continued increases in processing power, the old evironments remain usable even through the emulation. I guess a few notes on how to use the emulation, might be well worth it as well. So that 5 years later, you have some reminder of how to connect the bubble gum to the bailing wire. Open formats would be better. But you don't always get those, nor their continued maintenance and support. I've been a happy user. The developer, Dan, is very responsive. It's not cross platform, but it is open source. I wonder whether anyone's tried it under Wine. BTW, task comments can be either plain text or rich text, in case you don't initially notice this. My apology if the following is too detail oriented for HN. I've no affiliation with any of the below, just an interest in reading and researching comfortably on-screen. I was recently looking for a PDF viewer with annotation, and found the following for Mac. Unfortunately, I'm on Windows; otherwise, this looks to be what I was after: http://skim-app.sourceforge.net/index.html http://openwetware.org/wiki/Skim_-_PDF_reader_and_annotation... Skim maintains annotations in a separate file. I would imagine this also allows it to work with locked PDF's, whereas Acrobat Reader won't permit annotating such. The annotations can be merged into an updated PDF for distribution, if needed. On Windows, the two seemingly most legitimate options I've found are both commercial products with free versions: http://www.pdfxviewer.com/ http://www.foxitsoftware.com/pdf/rd_intro.php These both appear to add annotations to the PDF file, and to be limited by the Acrobat permissions assigned to that file. Foxit Reader says it adds some sort of visible component to the presentation of the annotated page, unless you upgrade to the paid version. I haven't used them, yet. (I've had some hesitation about installing them.) If anyone has better suggestions for the Windows environment, I'd love to hear them. Noting Johnny2112's comment re MS Reader blanking the background: For blanking the screen (or graying it), donationcoder has a little AutoHotKey based hack that dims all but the focused window. It's named ghoster, and is available in both AHK script and compiled format. Recently, Spyware Doctor has balked on a few things from donationcoder, but this appears (please to check for yourself) to be a false positive against AHK -- other anti-malware products find no problem. http://www.donationcoder.com/Software/Skrommel/index.html#Gh... This is where it really lives. It requires a free registration (I know) to download. I've never had a problem, and I let the occasional email from code project just go to a secondary email account that I use for such registrations. http://www.codeproject.com/KB/applications/todolist2.aspx > I don't know if taking a vitamin D supplement would have any noticeable effect on your sense of well-being Yeah, that was totally unexpected and is purely anecdotal. Totally off the top of my head, and without familiarity with TipJoy: "Capture the Moment" My contribution, if any, might be a catch phrase for the idea, whether with regard to a non-profit activity, journalism, or something else. "Capture the moment". We all know that moment, when we are particularly moved. It doesn't last, at least not in intensity. Facilitating a "positive" outcome seems likes a potential business. My impression is with TipJoy, one can make a small contribution immediately, eliminating the hesitation around picking which worthy causes to contribute to (at the $20, $50, $100, whatever "level"). Also that one can maintain control of contributions by limiting funding of the account and/or by viewing summarized activity there. Do I have that right? Finally, just having read a story about print news' continued demise, I'll ask: What about a similar contribution model for good reporting? After a particularly good read, I might be willing to toss are dollar or two in the direction of the author/publisher. I know, micropayments are hardly a new idea. This is another market that TipJoy is after? Thanks. I'm intrigued now to learn more about TipJoy. Actually, tiredness can attenuate some AD(H)D symptoms. I sometimes used to procrastinate until the last minute, then put in an incredibly productive night/morning to wrap up a project. And I cranked out some pretty good stuff. But, I was young, then, and those projects were relatively limited in scope. I didn't know at the time that ADD existed; this was just the way I'd found to get such things done. (And I hated all the fear and dread it put me through.) So, it may not be an optimal approach, but in some circumstances, the all-nighter can perhaps be enabling. I don't have a reference at hand, but I recall reading somewhere that the tiredness attenuates some of the distractibility. Perhaps the mind is a bit less "agile"; it therefore foregos so readily jumping from topic to topic. There is the counterpoint of hyperfocus. Something that is intensely interesting -- whether due to the topic itself or consuming pressure to get it done (NOW!) -- also lessens distractibility. Also, there was a Canadian medical advisory recently that a rash can indicate a potentially severe reaction to modafinil. It sounded quite unusual, but something to remain cognizant of. http://www.pslgroup.com/dg/219836.htm http://www.napra.ca/pdfs/advisories/Health-prof-Alertec.pdf This would seem to argue the contrary, and I'm not finding an online reference to what I seemed to recall in my previous comment. http://www.physorg.com/news93623459.html So, take my comment with a good grain of salt. If I find a relevant reference, I'll follow up. Slightly off-topic, but s/high school/corporate life/ Some of the same social structures apply to both, as well. The cartoon applies to my comment, as well. "The way we've always done it" can be a mercilessly rote and inefficient path. The bit of Perl I picked up (along with a hodgepodge of regex, SQL, VBA -- I know, but I had to use the tools at hand -- and whatnot) boiled a five person department down to one person, all the while handling significantly increased complexity with greatly improved accuracy. If I hadn't taken the initiative and taught myself, none of it would have happened. Of course, the ex-jock brought in from the outside to CEO, and his team whacked it, anyway. Just like high school. But I walked away with a better skill set, to a better job. I feel compelled to add that my work didn't result in anyone losing their job. Rather, the company was already experiencing strong pressure both financially and, perhaps more so, philosophically from the senior management team that was parachuted in from elsewhere. Headcount in my department was reduced via attrition and a slightly accelerated retirement. I kept the department afloat. I should have bailed, but personally it wasn't a good time for a transition. I'd hate for my work to result in others being laid off. In a prior position, I spent a lot of time mentoring and defending a replacement, giving her time to get up to speed. I also spent a lot of time volunteering my "kung fu" to acquaintances in other departments. Saving an accountant two days' work sorting manually through borked phone records, via a couple of minute Excel hack, provided a certain satisfaction. There's so much emphasis on "competition" as well as "the way". (All the more ironic for all the "corporate speak" espoused regarding "cooperation".) I'd rather grow people while appreciating their differences, and hoping for some of the same in return. To try to tie this back to "11th grade", it would be nice if "the Perl hacker" didn't so often have to feel themself quite so the outsider. Or maybe that trait is orthogonal fro the "Perl/hacker" trait? Seems to be a fairly strong correlation. Selflessly (this can be more difficult that it sounds) helping someone else, and then learning that what goes around comes around. Corny, I know. Mod me down. But it's moments of genuine connection with another person that make me most proud, thrilled to be a human. I think we have to learn to empathize and to cooperate, if we are to survive as a species. And it makes me proud when I find a speck of that ability, in myself. When it's a stranger I'll never see again, I have some confirmation that I don't expect something in return, at least not in the immediate sense. When someone does the same for me, I feel I've seen the other side of the equation. NameCheap so far -- for personal stuff. A year ago, they had lots of good buzz, and their upstream provider was considered very solid. I support broad and deep transparency as a complement to judicious taxation and regulation. Put the data out there, where independent and competitive interests can mine it. I'm not informed enough (nor, perhaps, wise enough) to propose the details of such an approach, but it seems to me a good area for increased competition. This would include lowering/removing the barriers to general, public participation. There will be fruitcakes, but also, I suspect, significant cooperative efforts. To over-simplify into a slogan: If Visa can analyse my every purchase, I don't see why I shouldn't be able and enabled to do the same of them. Make sure your home environment is one that you want to spend time in. If you are "avoiding home", you are at work for the wrong reason. The link is to the third page of a multi-page essay that starts here: http://the-programmers-stone.com/about/neuroscience/ I mention this because page one is interesting and because the pages are listed in a right sidebar where I did not immediately identify them as being related to the current page (might be my shortcoming, but might also strike others). Nuke (microwave) a sweet potato. The trick is to let is stand for a few minutes after nuking, so that it finishes cooking / cooks evenly. Very nutritious, very quick and easy, and inexpensive. Put a little brown sugar on top, maybe some cinnamon. You're good to go. I vacation once a year on the shore of Lake Superior in the Upper Peninsula of Michigan. The closest larger light source is Thunder Bay, several dozens of miles across the lake. The depth and richness of the sky (vague allusion to Vinge, yes) are wonderful. The stars, the galaxies (with the help of a friendly ranger and his telescope). Watching satellites cast their slow arcs overhead. I think such sights, like the science fiction alluded to, remind us of our potential . Current circumstances get some needed contextualization. And the peace of the moment reminds me of where we come from. Not from a realm of endless distraction, but from a realm of endless engagement. TANSTAAFL is a pretty good model. If a situation isn't comprehensible or doesn't seem to be sustainable, don't invest as if it were. The Golden Rule is another thing to keep in mind: If your gains seem are so outsized that they seem like robbery, there's a good chance that they are. Two questions ensue: Do you want to gain that way at another's expense? Are you sure you're the one who's gaining? I guess particularly in this site's environment, rich in innovators, there would be a significant amount of gain where the cause is the replacement of outdated business and technical models. But then hopefully that is taking place in fields that you understand; the transfer isn't "magic". I've mentioned before, but watching Chicago real estate prices rise into the middle years of this decade was unnerving. The rest of the economy was not accelerating to match. It didn't seem sustainable, and it wasn't. Not that I'm any expert. Just my $0.02, while I still have the pennies to rub together. I first read it as "whining" and was intrigued/dismayed to consider such a flowchart dedicated to it. SMART reminds me of performance evaluation at my last employer. In theory, it made sense, but in practice, the landscape often changed during the relevant timeframe and one was left retrofitting the goal to actual experience. Further, in practice the grunts were more subject to the SMART regimen. Management was free to (re)write their own definition of success; of course, they almost always succeeded. If it's not too off-topic, I'd like to ask whether others have developed aversions to "goal management" based on experiences like the above? How did you separate yourself from the process? I hate B.S., and it was a constant struggle to make myself "give up" and "play the game". I suppose the real answer is to get out of such a job. Perhaps my questions are more rhetorical that literal. However, one can't always immediately change jobs. Further, I wonder to what extent such experiences can negatively influence one's own mindset and behavior. Faced with such a lack of control, does one learn not to plan? Thanks for the response. I was debating deleting my comment, as it probably came in part from a poor frame of mind. But I'll leave it, now. I was referring to getting out of a job that imposes such an approach. I've inhabited a number of corporate positions, and the goal-setting and attendant performance evaluation often follows the same pattern. In large part, your manager tells you what your goals are going to be. You may be responsible for "developing" them, or even "collaborating" on them, but you soon learn that what is really expected is to record what the manager tells you. These goals are based upon: a) Assumptions (often overly aggressive or "rosy") as to what will actually happen; b) What your manager believes more senior management wants to hear. During the course of whatever timeframe is addressed (typically a half-year or year), several significant variables change. Budget is found, or more typically not. Senior management changes and want to establish a new / its own direction. Estimates prove to be too low, and work in the pipeline takes significantly longer and/or consumes significantly more resources. Unanticipated support needs consume significant time and resources. Etc. As a result: First, your goals were not really yours. I don't mean just or primarily what you "want" to do. I mean also, they don't adequately reflect or at least consider your expectation of what is realistically achievable or important. Second, the goals, which are -- despite all the corporate speak regarding continuous review and re-evaluation -- typically not visited again until near the end of the timeframe, become woefully out of touch with evolving circumstances. In my albeit limited observation, higher levels of management seem to be more able to redefine their goals as circumstances evolve. If you are lower on the totem pole, you are at the mercy of your manager. They can agree to redefine things. This leaves the original goal seeming somewhat pointless; all the more so if/when you "fudge" the language of the evaluation to portray a successful outcome, instead of being open about what prevented its achievement. Alternatively, they can use your commitment to blame you, punish you, and/or manipulate you into a further course of action. The communication occurs largely in one direction. You can't really "own" the goal; instead, it becomes a fence that constrains your behavior, typically towards a very conservative, corporate norm. Perhaps my own goal management suffers more from personal issues such as possible ADD tendencies and the like. But I've observed in coworkers as well as myself not infrequently a "submissive" and/or frustrated attitude where the largest truly personal goal with respect to the job, however ill defined this goal's pursuit may be, seems to be to somehow leave the job and do something better. So, I've been largely speaking of formal work goals as defined for a performance plan. SMART immediately reminded me of the heavy emphasis of this approach at my last employer. However, when each component of a goal could be redefined at will, it lost value and left a distinct distaste for the whole, corrupt process. I think you are speaking more about personal goals. In my apparently long winded fashion, I'm asking whether experiences such as mine in corporate life, have put others off of the whole "goal" terminology. I guess the other question would be whether that environment is irrelevant and that, rather, the negative experience I describe comes from poor self-management. I probably should not have followed up, as its becoming apparent to me that my post had more of an emotional basis than an intellectual one. I don't want to become the "vents about corporate life" troll, here. (Really, I don't. Note to self...) But by way of explanation, I'll submit this clarification and then slink off to lick my wounds. ;-) I'd welcome an outbound mail queue in gmail (or whatever web mail provider is your favorite). Preferably one with some configuration options. In my case, I might have a default delay of 2 minutes or so. For more uncertain messages, I might bump their individual delay out to some hours. This allows for alteration of a message that has not yet made it off the queue. But it has the advantage over e.g. a draft message in that, if circumstances do not change, no further action is required. If a queued email bothers you enough, you can go back in and change it. But you don't have to remember the things that end up not bothering you; they will be sent after their delay expires. This works in concert with the natural flow of your attention, rather than requiring you to keep track of and follow up on draft emails whose topics your mind has decided it is no longer worried about. It can also be used to email yourself, or others, reminders at a pre-determined time. I imagine one reason gmail, for example, does not add such a feature is all the potential avenues of abuse. Accounts set up with to spam without further sign on, or to harass someone else. Or just the person who ueber-automates every moment of their day with umpteen bazillion delayed messages in the latest GTD meme. Google may have better uses for its electrons. Plus... If its automated, you're not looking at ads while it's sent. I misread your comment at first as describing reading a book or magazine on your monitor. And to that I can relate: I have difficulty reading long-format content off of my screen. When I sit down with an actual paper-based book or magazine, I find my focus and attentiveness are about the same as they've been for years. Not great, but neither are they greatly changed. I didn't watch the video (yet), but your comment makes me think of my experience with artists with whom I've been impressed: A lot of them are really good technicians in the technical areas pertaining to their art. Somehow, when I grew up the overall message I received regarding art seemed to want to separate the "creative" from the technique. It just isn't so. It takes a lot of technique to reliably record the creative. In the last couple of months, many of my friends and acquaintances have suddenly hopped onto Facebook. They cross the spectrum of education and career experiences, though most tend to be a more thoughtful lot. It's just anecdote, but I've had a few times where anecdotal experience has presaged an industry trend. Facebook, right now, feels like one of those moments. I may be wrong, but in my life, it has a certain "buzz" at the moment. Everyone and their dog. After reading the article, it sounds like maybe Larry Flynt is making a political statement. (Don't know about that "Gone Wild" guy.) Larry made interesting waves when he offered... was it $1MM?, for information confirming illicit sexual activity by members of Congress. If he can use his pulpit to point out the pork barrel nature of the current bail out distributions, more power to him. I thought that the "process" per tab architecture of the current release already allowed this? But then, I'm not (yet?) a seasoned Chrome user. I guess not. Bummer. Thank you for the explanation. I'll look forward to the new profile support. I'm starting to need to be in more than one Google account simultaneously; the timing is fortunate, for me. diff in Excel. Against different components, whether cell contents, formulae, cell-associated comments, etc. If you want a headache, try supporting recognition of intracell text formatting. Rereading, I see this is a "new" spreadsheet application. Well, hopefully then the data format and API's will be less... obtuse. Interactive, visual interface to same diff functionality. When I last looked, for Excel there was a product or two going partway in this direction; however, most seemed rather limited, e.g. export the cell contents to text and diff that. Useful for number crunchers. Also useful for all the people who end up using something like Excel as a glorified table. In the business world, there are endless use cases of people managing documents, requirements, results, etc. in Excel. Providing such a "BeyondCompare" fucntionality for this content would be very useful to a lot of them, (Caution: You might also have to teach them how to use it, including the diff concept. And that could be a very significant bump to try to get over.) Since Excel is so dominant, that class of people might not be your target market. Nonetheless, I see a good diff type utility as being a real plus. I also can agree with Zain's comment regarding versioning support. And, integrated regexp support. I wedged same in to Excel/VBA by defining a reference to Windows Scripting Host (back in 1999 or 2000). Very useful. A lot of problems people deal with in spreadsheets can be greatly aided by decent pattern matching and substitution. Paul, I'd like some (low-key) visual indication for the text of "comments" links that I've already visited, as a reminder that I've already looked at the comments. Although with the HN page's clean design, I'm not imagining right now what specifically would fit unobtrusively. With HN, my memory is better as to what I've examined. Actually, I've commented on reddit a time or two on the desirability of this feature. There's so much clutter over there these days, that I'd like a reminder for those links where I examined the comments and decided to go no further. I see hybrids and diesels as the next step. Most people can afford only one car, and not a $40,000 one at that. A lot of their trips are under 40 miles, but not all, and those that aren't are not always predictable, particularly not with today's hectic schedules. A hybrid provides some advantage without removing "conveniece" -- which I would argue most consider necessary features. If it is a plug-in hybrid, all the better. Diesel provides higher fuel efficiency and the ability to use a better biofuel than ethanol. Small cars would provide greater fuel efficiency with existing designs, but I think that, in the absence of STRONG pressure, there is only so small that U.S. drivers will go. Electric battery exchange would require an entire infrastructure that doesn't exist. And if there is not a single standard, there is no way "gas" stations would manage it. Further, it would be more labor intensive than pulling up to a pump as swiping your card through an electronic reader. From the U.S. manufacturers in the U.S. market, the hybrid Ford Fusion (I think that is the right model line) is the only viable next-generation vehicle I've seen. Perhaps the hybrid Ford Escape belongs in the grouping, too, although it's absolute fuel economy is not that great. (But if you still insist on something that big and SUV...) There will always be niche markets. To me, right now it appears the Volt fits into that category, at best. Although the article does mention a small gasoline engine for extended range. This seems to contradict the "all electric" descriptions I've been hearing. Perhaps that changes the game, for the Volt? The game changer for an all-electric vehicle may be a successful ultra-capacitor design or an electric battery with very rapid recharge. Progress on those things certainly seems to be being made in research. But pending delivery of that technology, all-electric is NOT the next step. And you need to produce and sell what is the next step; prototypes aren't going to save the company. I do think all-electric fits very well into a renewable energy, energy independent, environment-preserving future. But we're not there, yet. Regarding 1), I'd recommend "The Unix Programming Environment". http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/The_Unix_Programming_Environmen... It's dated, but it is still one of the best expositions that I, in my limited experience, have seen. I'm not certain about it as an introductory text to someone entirely new to programming. But it concisely and deeply explains a "philosophy" that is essential to good UNIX work and, I think, to programming in general. Be careful in your resource selection. There is so much out there. A small fraction of those resources are the real gems. They convey the heart of the matter, and often in fewer pages than other resources that "beat around the bushes", becoming muddled or focusing on detail more than concepts. Accumulating knowledge through reading and study can provide some sense of the lay of the land. When you encounter a topic, you may recognize it as fitting in "roughly over there". But it is practical work that is really going to motivate and solidify your knowledge. Find some things that interest you, and dig in. Rather than costing you time, they will turn concepts into the experience that brings real comprehension. I had this happen, at the idea stage. Not that I necessarily would have proceeded, anyway, but it caused me further hesitation. A year+ later, the "competitor" site has not taken off. There is concept and design. Then there is also execution. If you believe you can exceed in execution, this, in my mind, is a valid reason to proceed. Just keep in mind that your target market is not yours alone, and that this may influence your chances of success. If you are still willing to proceed, I don't see an "ethical" issue here, as long as you're not simply viewing the competitor and ripping everything off. If you are concerned about perception, you might (I'm not sure about this, both from a marketing perspective and from a legal perspective) simply explain where your product comes from and why you are doing it. People will believe you or they won't, but being straight-forward and proactive in this might pre-emptively blunt some criticism. I wouldn't mention or would be cautious in describing your competitor's decline to cooperate; it might sound negative and/or reactionary on your part. Focus on what is motivating you and what you hope to achieve. Reports on the continued use of paper documents not just as a superior visual interface but also as an enabler of additional ways of working, including using our natural ability for spacial orientation. Seeing this thread http://news.ycombinator.com/item?id=434023 encouraged me to dig the article up. However, I think it is interesting enough that I decided to post it separately rather than merely as a comment in the other thread. This submission encouraged me to dig up a New Yorker article I recalled that reported some interestng perspectives on this topic. I've posted the article in this thread: http://news.ycombinator.com/item?id=434516 I thought it was interesting enough to merit its own thread. I'm a bit surprised it hasn't appeared on HN previously (or so says google). It would be a good question: What is the boundary between political/term positions and career positions, for this stuff? I wonder to what extent it comes from confidence, and engagement. Not braggadocio nor naivete, but a self-assurance that one is capable of tackling problems that arise. And of handling the outcomes, whatever they are. I think this may lessen the need for defensiveness. Engagement -- interest in other things and people -- might be separate, or it might be complimented by a lack of defensiveness. Have the "comments" link text color, or something else, change to show that I've followed that "comments" link. I sometimes only look at the comments, and would like a reminder that I've done so. Be able to "save" an item without upvoting it. Upon occasion, I want to do the former for personal interest but am not sure that upvoting serves the interests of the community. On the other hand, I can see where the current design may lessen fragmentation of interests and community focus. Google "too many choices": http://www.google.com/search?hl=en&q=%22too+many+choices... A very interesting set of top results. There is also this 2003 book on the matter: "The Paradox of Choice: Why More Is Less": http://www.amazon.com/Paradox-Choice-Why-More-Less/dp/006000... There was some buzz and a number of articles on the topic published around the time the book came out. "Info porn" I can't find how I came across the term -- I think it was via a link on HN, maybe even in turn from this thread. My apology to whomever I may be shortchanging from appropriate credit for the reference. The term, and its definition here: http://tools-for-thought.com/2009/01/05/curbing-info-porn-wi... capture a lot of my concern. Just using the term in my own head is helping me to re-evaluate my behavior in this regard. GATTACA might be worth adding to the list. http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Gattaca I used to actually enjoy skipping breakfast and sometimes lunch. I'm thinking at the moment particularly of college when I would be in "crunch mode". I'd get a bit hungry, but it somehow "felt" as if it lent itself to the overall push to get stuff done. I'm generally an evening person, but I could have a very enjoyable morning by jumping, sans breakfast, straight into work while things were still quiet and somehow associate my work and progress with a certain "leanness" in the gastrointestinal area. I don't know quite how to describe it, but it was a distinct and useful impression. I'd like to know more about the psychology involved. If, due to better benefits, a worker spends less time and energy worrying about their job (and whether it will continue, and whether they feel trapped in it), does this promote a better attitude towards that work or work in general? Also, I seem to recall reading that psychological studies have found that a significant factor in one's happiness is based in comparing oneself to others, particularly to one's contemporaries. In a society where disparities are not so great, does a larger portion of the population as a result feel happier? Would that have an influence on one's happiness with one's work? I'm sorry that I only have questions, and not answers. But my news browsing over the years has left me with the impression that some of our (say, in the U.S., for example) accepted doctrine as to what motivates productivity and a good work experience, is indeed doctrine rather than theory grounded in up-to-date and thorough research. The bottom of the page had this link to a previous column by Gross, which I also... "enjoyed". "I See Dead Bankers! Wall Street has become The Sixth Sense filled with corpses who think they're still alive." http://www.slate.com/id/2209893/ So, will headlines like this effectively "crowdsource" further discovery efforts? ;-) I tried to make something out of Toe, but the acronym I was trying to remember (THAI) doesn't really work. Nonetheless, an interesting, newer process for extracting bitumen from tar sands. http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Tar_sands#Toe_to_Heel_Air_Injec... http://www.nytimes.com/2008/09/23/business/worldbusiness/23k... What can be very frustrating in a corporate environment is the unrelenting "one size fits all" attitude. Your workspace. Your toolset (not just what language to use, where I can understand a need to standardize, but what editor and utilities and such). Your flexibility is limited to what pictures you put on your desk. For me, the distraction in an open space environment kills my productivity. I don't want to be disconnected from my coworkers, but I can't take the constant noise and immediate presence. I get along much worse in such a situation. Give me a little separation, and I'm much more relaxed and focused in face to face meetings, on the phone, in email and IM. When things are like this, I do quite well. Then something will change and the work environment will suck again. I'll tell my management exactly what has happened and why my productivity has declined. But there is nothing they can do. "But we all work in cubes" is one response I received. One size fits all. If we do it for you, everyone will want it. We must treat everyone "equally". In the name of "fairness", they force department management to turn a blind eye to individual variances and differing needs. At least working from home seems to provide some disconnect, in the company's mind. The home environment is not their jurisdiction, and your performance is measured more in terms of results rather than conformity. One suggestion I have with regard to open space: If you insist on it for your employees, then let them self segregate to some extent. There is always a subset that wants a quieter work environment, but they are spread throughout the organization. Let them colocate in a designated quiet area, akin to the "quiet floor / quiet hall" arrangement at some colleges and universities. I suppose this would be viewed as overly burdensome in terms of management. Further, I've observed a continued strong drive to physically colocate team members whenever they are at the same facility. But it would take no more physical space, and it would make that portion of the population much happier and more productive. Next step, let them use decent tools. Don't force them to do finger gymnastics because you keep them on the 5-releases-past version of some commercial editor that has been "blessed". But now I'm just dreaming... Do as I say not As I do as I say not As I do say not It is elevating the belly button to the position of subject. The philosophical equivalent of a corporate entity. On Windows a while back, I used Sysinternals' (now Microsoft) Autoruns to stop their updater from launching on startup. I don't remember whether the individual applications reversed this setting. I seem to recall it sticking for at least a while. http://technet.microsoft.com/en-us/sysinternals/bb963902.asp... The rare site that does a good job with its typography is well worth study/emulation. Not just font, typeface, but leading (interline spacing) and column width for example. Also, editorial composition. All the design in the world won't hold me in place if I have to scale a "wall of text" (particularly enormous paragraphs without any visual landmarks). I see site design as a means to an end. If you focus primarily on the means, you're doing it wrong. Well, it may be fine for you, and I don't begrudge you that. But you are doing it wrong for me. If enough people feel that way, you won't have much traffic. If traffic is a goal, well then, there you go.