The world's most affordable laptop that doesn't suck is the Thinkpad you buy on eBay for $95 and install Debian + xorg + openbox on. I have super-glued lead fishing weights into the base of my desk VoIP phone (a Yealink sip-t28p) to give it more heft on the desk and stop it from sliding around when bumped. For $150 I would rather buy a NUC sized thing with VESA mount and put a small, fast M.2 SSD in it. Also it will likely have a proper 1000baseT NIC in it which is far preferable to any form of 802.11n/ac. I am enjoying an environment configured to only allow TLSv1.2 and deny everything else. It may not be a realistic option for everyone, but for anything new built in 2015 and later is the only sensible choice. Hey, let's install unsigned APKs from random sources in china for $17 consumer gadgets, nothing could possibly go wrong. Hey, let's install unsigned APKs from random sources in china for $17 consumer gadgets, nothing could possibly go wrong. This is a typo or copy paste error. Based on the 52dbw EIRP it is a standard FCC compliant 80 GHz FDD radio system (same family as bridgewave, e-band, siklu, SIAE). Actual electrical power consumed at the wall is probably https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Delay-tolerant_networking http://ipnsig.org/ Never buy any inkjet printer. I threw in the garbage a Canon multifunction that refused ton work as a SCANNER when its ink was empty. If you have the space and print a lot of black and white, buy an eight year old used HP LaserJet with an Ethernet interface. Even a 4100DTN is a great deal, sub $100. ha, ha: https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Blueseed tl;dr Someone is getting fired. " All we had to do was download an app and click on some mysterious Chinese advertisements to top up our data. " This is the sort of shit that keeps network security people awake at night. I bet they enabled third-party app downloads on their Android phones and uninstalled some unknown .apk The future business leaders of America... fuck... These are the sort of people who give Americans a bad name overseas. I mean seriously how do you fail to learn that China requires visas? Or know the history of HK-China and why there is a border? At least they're apparently not blistering blowhards like some merkins in Europe. To be fair to China's chauvinist culture they would've done the same of the visitors/clients were Chinese. Actually if they were Chinese they probably would've been taken directly to a brothel. The 2707's cancellation being the reason for Boeing laying of 60,000 people is a huge exaggeration. There was a general downturn in ALL airliner sales at that point in time in the 1970s, affecting the volume of existing subsonic airplane production. http://old.seattletimes.com/special/centennial/november/ligh... Read more history about the 1970s oil/energy crisis. original purpose: building a giant airship new purpose: pasty white germans eating barbecued sausage and drinking beer on a fake tropical beach Most long haul fiber cables pulled these days are way more than 48, at minimum 144, 288 or most commonly 864 strand ribbon. If you're trenching 300 km of fiber along a railway the cable itself is actually a small fraction of the total project costs. At most a 5% delta between 72 and 288. In an African context with limited logistics and trucking options, absolutely. And the projects are at a bare minimum budget already. I've been involved with a few, just the subcontract for concrete vaults/splice locations runs on a shoestring budget. In many cases bringing singlemode to an inland/remote city will be a dramatic improvement no matter even if it's 12 strands back to the capitol city/cable landing station location. We're talking about replacing microwave backhauls that are 4 x STM1 capacity total, serving the entire inland/up-country area of a nation, with a single 10GbE circuit. Dramatic difference. And very basic 100 GHz grid DWDM gear can be used. I don't understand why anyone would buy a home automation/smart-home device that can't work fully independent of "the cloud" (butt) with local management. If I can't talk to it over private IP space and run a local daemon/server on the same layer 2 ethernet fabric to manage it (eg: Unifi), I don't want it. If I want to remotely access a camera or something like dropcam I am perfectly capable of VPNing in to my own home network to do so. I don't need the butt. Do not trust the butt. Do not trust the butt. Do not trust the butt. If you didn't build it and you don't know where it is, it could go away at any time for any reason and you will have zero recourse. DO NOT. TRUST. THE BUTT. and this is why certain 4x4 enthusiasts enjoy driving 25 year old diesel vehicles. How long until somebody in MA screen captures the entire Model S service manual and puts it up for public consumption as a torrent? The people who live in Dildo, Newfoundland will be disappointed. The warrant is ridiculous even without the tor part. Read pages #6 and #7. http://www.thestranger.com/images/blogimages/2016/04/08/1460... ISPs maintain hash values of known child porn files? Show me a single ISP in the Seattle area that runs any of its residential customer http traffic through a caching proxy that examines and hashes each file, I'll eat my shoe. I know the hashes exist, but they're not used on traffic in transit except in very unusual circumstances. They're used by web hosting companies/dedicated server providers/VPS hosting companies etc to examine the disk/storage device contents of a suspicious server against a known list of the hashes of previously-seized CP. Yes, about 90% of this affidavit is fill-in-the-blanks boilerplate. 99% of all VPS providers (in the $5/mo category, not $75/mo) will kill your account for running an exit node. They do not want their blocks of ARIN, RIPE or APNIC ipv4 space listed in every abuse and spam swamp realtime black hole list in existence. coming soon to bearded skinny pants hipsters everywhere!!! don't forget your portable mechanical typewriter so you can write your memoirs at the local coffee shop. I'm not quite sure how to sent a direct user-to-user message, or if it's possible, so I'm doing this in a reply... I would also like to compare notes and previous experience from telecom/ISP work in developing nation environments. One of the things I think will be interesting to see in the next few years is the glut of previous-generation DWDM transport gear (Ciena, Cisco, Infinera, Adva, etc) which is being replaced by US ISPs. Equipment that can do 40 x 10 Gbps channels in the 100 GHz ITU grid is becoming obsolete and pretty much everyone is upgrading to gear that can do 100 Gbps per channel. It'll be available really cheap in the used/refurb market and totally suitable for long distance applications in Africa where newly installed dark fiber is available. I already know of a few ISPs in the Seattle area that are pretty much giving away their old DWDM stuff. For small working groups that all trust each other (example: a network engineering team at an ISP with a bastion host that everyone needs to SSH into before accessing anything else), a really easy solution is to run an ircd that only listens on 127.0.0.1, only allows access via properly set up public/private key ssh shells, and have everyone keep a persistent "screen" (or tmux) session running. You could have a very lightweight http server that only runs for the 30-second period of time needed to communicate with the ACME server for the certificate issue... I would be surprised if CSE and CSIS don't have their own staff embedded inside Blackberry, either with or without the company's knowledge. They don't have nearly the budget that NSA does but they're not stupid. One of the amazing things about the US is that poorest 15% of the population (by gross household income) is also the FATTEST segment of the population. In developing countries where the poorest 15% are truly living a bare existence lifestyle (Pakistan, India, Bangladesh) you would never see a poor obese person. replacing openssh with something you've written yourself seems like reinventing the wheel, just because you can. the sheer number of person-hours at developer salary rates in north america would probably amount to at least a few million dollars. not only was it a military dictatorship, it was a military dictatorship with its domestic, foreign and signals intelligence agencies set up by the CIA and NSA. Part of the historical and ongoing extensive cooperation between the US DoD and the South Korean armed forces. https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/National_Intelligence_Service_... if somebody wants to sue a layer 2 ethernet fabric chip maker they're insane. any asshole can use a switch to do any sort of terrible thing with their nation's internet infrastructure. it's like suing intel because they made the 1GbE NIC in a server seized for kiddie porn. Don't forget US support for the Greek military junta: https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Greek_military_junta_of_1967%E... And the US military LOVED Saddam Hussein. https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/United_States_support_for_Iraq... Show me any documentation whatsoever that proves a pure layer 2 Ethernet switch has been put on a test network and observed (via packet capture on its upstream) sending data home. Well, it'd probably be a capitalist randian chaebol clusterfuck of industry and manufacturing, rather than juche. Not at all. "Put a suspicious device on an internet connection, let it run, and capture all packets to see where it phones home" is a fairly basic process. Those who have not yet seen it should watch The Killing Fields. "We've invented the wine bottle version of an inkjet cartridge or Keurig plastic k-cup, give us money". VCs: HERE HAVE SOME CASH Very true. I just don't think there's that much of a market for people who want to drink half a bottle of wine and have the rest remain 'fresh'. The average consumer is also becoming increasingly aware of how the razor-blade sales model is bad for them. > more basic journalism than CNN? CNN has been a joke for a long time. This is totally unsurprising to anyone that has seen in person the state of "enterprise" IT at a large organization in India, Pakistan or Bangladesh. Not really, if your expected adversary is your local nation state that wants to watch your Internet traffic for domestic political dissent (Iran, Ethiopia, China, etc). Whole article tl;dr: randian libertarian idealist buttcoin people are extremely surprised to discover that a black market economy turns out to actually contain real blackhats. Without going into detail that violates an NDA or reveals who I am, I've seen the back-end database/billing/network monitoring infrastructure for the three largest mobile network operators in Pakistan. It's scary. The banks in PK are worse. The lack of giving a fuck (or clue) is endemic to the region. People in south asia build their networks the same way they build their municipal electrical grids, in-premises 230VAC electricity, and municipal gas pipeline networks (in a very scary slapped together way). This may be partially explained by a brain drain effect where everyone who really knows what they're doing on a *nix platform leaves the country to work for $70,000+ USD/year somewhere outside of PK/IN/BD. Those who are left are very far from the best network security, network engineering or sysadmin talents. Particularly when basic networking gear that will do the job is NOT that expensive. There are equipment importers in major south asian cities who bring in used/refurb PCs, servers and network gear. You can get a Cisco 3550-48 for $40. For an organization of this size there is no excuse to build a network with D-Links. Most of the talent pool of qualified persons who can successfully install openbsd and configure it properly as a firewall have probably obtained foreign work visas and are not working for domestic enterprises in bangladesh, at local bangladesh salary rates. They are at minimum working for $2000/mo in the UAE as some company's IT guy. It was fairly widely known in the network engineering community in 2003/2004 that the "Echelon" system collected an extensive amount of domestic data for each of the five eyes, using legal dodges where a foreign agency (like GCHQ) would siphon american/canadian data and feed it to the NSA and CSE, and vice versa. Those who knew how much the system had changed from satellite-intelligence gathering (from the era prior to transatlantic/transpacific submarine fiber, where most phone calls and international data were satellite based), to tapping fiber at submarine cable landing stations and "partnering" with major telcos, were totally unsurprised. IMHO if you're doing anything financial and don't own the bare metal hardware that the hypervisor runs on and 100% control physical access to it, and run your own network gear (right up to your border with transit providers), you're doing something fundamentally wrong. it's a blunt dog whistle for "hey libertarian gold hoarders we are your sort of people" 80 GHz is "light licensed" in the US, the paperwork requirements are not onerous. It's less costly and complicated than a regular part 101 licensed microwave link. It's definitely not something to trust in, but intercepting (at a layer 1 level) a PTP 80 GHz link is actually harder than tapping fiber. You'd have to have Rx equipment either directly in the path or directly behind both ends of the radio link. As compared to the effort required to cut an aerial or underground singlemode cable and fusion splice in place a passive prism split tap (basically the same thing as inserting a split in a GPON FTTH network). A practiced outside plant fiber crew of 2 persons and a bucket truck could do this with less than 5 minutes of downtime on a router-to-router optical interface, short enough time to clear any NMS alerts and prevent a repair team truck roll. Assuming we're talking about only two strands. Either way actual security is accomplished through standard based crypto, not obfuscation or preventing people from messing with the layer-1. That's the nature of 80 GHz, design the links for your climate and don't try to go more than 2-3km. You can achieve five nines. And yes, run a 5.x GHz backup path in parallel. It has a 10GbE SFP+ optical interface and functions as a layer 2 ethernet bridge. From an ethernet port perspective same as 99% of the other PTP microwave and millimeter wave radios on the market. What's new is the 10Gb (vs existing radios with 1Gb SFP). Read the datasheet linked at the bottom of the page. terrestrial microwave engineer here: "80 GHz" is actually 71-86 GHz FDD. The original FCC band plan allowed for 5000 MHz wide channels each direction and basically OOK or BPSK level modulation. Newer radios use 250, 500 or 1000 MHZ wide FDD channels and QPSK or better. Incredibly wide channels can be used because it falls off in the atmosphere so rapidly after a few km, and the antennas are all very narrow parabolic reflectors with less than 1 degre beamwidth. Basically no colocation interference issues are possible unless two companies try to shoot from the same rooftop, to also the same rooftop, using the same channel AND the same linear polarity. for what dollar figure, distance and speeds? anywhere from $300/link (a pair of ubiquiti powerbeam AC 5 GHz) up to $20,000 for 1 to 10GbE licensed. Most new licensed band 6, 11, 18, 23 GHz radios these days are 1024QAM capable. For 80 GHz the hot new thing is radios capable of 16/64/256QAM at varying code rates. it's worth noting that this is just the first one publicly announced and not under NDA.. It's from a russian radar/microwave/millimeter wave manufacturer. All of the other much larger players such as Bridgewave also have 10 Gbps radios coming. Yes, or if your fast, cheap new metro ethernet 10GbE circuit between two buildings has been provisioned by your ISP as some form of transport (handoff into a WDM system, EoMPLS tunnel), etc, it's not difficult for them to 'mirror' your port. It could be pre-tapped before it was ever turned up for customer service. Or the splitter could be installed in your riser cable at one end, before you ever started moving packets across it. Or a myriad of other things. not really, fiber is still greatly preferred (For example: it's impossible to do 40Gb by microwave/millimeter wave, but a CWDM 4-channel 4x10GbE passive mux/demux on two strands of singlemode is trivial and very very cheap), or just a pair of 40Gb QSFP 10km reach optics using a single 1550nm wavelength between two routers or metro-E switches. But wireless can reach small cells, rooftops and towers that might be a very costly underground fiber build at $400-900/meter total construction cost to dig up streets in urban cores. It very much depends on the location. http://www.lamont.me.uk/capenhurst/original.html http://www.independent.co.uk/news/how-britain-eavesdropped-o... Now that's just xenophobic and ignorant, you expect all 175 million people to go where? It's like blaming every single person in Maricopa County, AZ for the actions of Joe Arpaio. https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Joe_Arpaio > In most businesses if a man wears anything except a suit and tie it is a topic of serious consideration, and possibly a firing offense. You haven't been anywhere near any sort of technology company in Seattle in the past 10 years, have you? there was at one time talk of expanding the 'five eyes' community to seven or nine, countries such as norway, denmark and germany would have been the top candidates for inclusion. Webpass uses a fairly large number of Siklu 80 GHz 1 Gbps radios on rooftops for backbone links in SF. a great deal lower, the optical ITU DWDM grid is around 191.7 THz to 196.1 THz An AF5 or AF5X PTP link isn't a transparent 1Gb full duplex bridge, realistically you'll achieve 250-400 Mbps max. They're great radios but physics is still physics, 40 or 80 MHz wide dual polarity channel at 256QAM 5/6 code rate is not 1GbE. That is true. One of the fun things illustrating first-hand how microwave/millimeter wave and fiber are the same thing is if you ever get to handle a 120 GHz band waveguide/feed. Some radar and military stuff operates in the 120 band. It's so incredibly tiny and narrow compared to a 11 or 18 GHz microwave waveguide. Then imagine continuing to make it narrower while increasing the frequency, follow that to its logical conclusion and you have imagined a 9/125 fiber. That span is the total allowable space in the FCC part 15 rules for 5 GHz gear, where the AF5/5X has been tested and certified. Other radios can be used from 5200 to 5850 MHz (DFS frequencies permitting). But the size of the channels it can operate in are 5, 10, 15, 20, 30, 40, 60 or 80 MHz wide. Software configurable on the radio. millimeter wave waveguide on the rear of a parabolic antenna (30, 60cm dish) is actually circular (cylindrical), supporting dual polarity operation (opposite H and V). Individual radio heads like this russian radio or other 80 GHz radios are still single polarity. In certain scenarios you can mount two radio heads on a T-shaped waveguide on the rear of one dish antenna, one in H, one in V. I've yet to see a product of any sort I can buy with a credit card or purchase order. Would also like to know if anything comes of it. Not really, 80 GHz is definitely difficult to aim, the very center of the beam is quite small. The mounts for the most popular antennas accommodate this and have very fine adjustments for the azimuth and elevation. Keeping them aligned long term? Not a problem as long as the mounts the radios are on (whether non penetrating or bolted to a wall/structure on a building roof) are done properly. signal/noise ratio is a big one and RSL level. There are even 4096QAM radios now but they need a signal like -51 to operate at their full modulation. Otherwise they ACM down to 1024 (around -62), 256 and then 64QAM. The key part in physics is it's still a wave... And a singlemode fiber is a type of waveguide. A 120GHz signal is a wave, a 171 THz signal is a wave, the latter just has a much shorter wavelength. It can have some effect but at the distances aimed (max 3km for a high reliability, high Tx power 80 GHz link) it doesn't affect much. A link that is a nominal -34 RSL on a clear sunny day might drop to -36.5 as a result of building sway (such as if one end is on top of a 60 floor tower). Weather is the main issue not heat expansion/contraction or sway. It'd have to be a big ass drone, I have links that stayed up when a Canada goose was sitting 2 ft directly in front of the 60cm antenna on one end. Real headline: Swiss ISP's upstream provider (a large backbone who should know better) fails to implement prefix filtering. Sort of like when Pakistan's PTCL hijacked YouTube. Though you need to be 500-650 meters max from your source of bandwidth for it to be reliable, 60 is super short range. There is no way they're going to get millions of random clients and tourists to use 802.1x auth on their phones. Though with small monopole and cellular rooftop sites, MW can frequently be built in a ring or redundant traffic path configuration. Fiber to many endpoint sites like a cell tower is frequently a star topology network with one cable in a linear path along a ROW either aerial or underground. Not even recent, the US supported Mubarak since he took power after the Sadat assassination. Yes elva-1 is a Russian company, most likely they're trying to obfuscate that on their English language web presence. It is sort of a shame because they are just as competent as many of the California based microwave engineering firms, and have been around for 25+ years. Their roots are in military radar systems much like some of the Israeli RF companies (Ceragon, etc). Now I wonder what the diesel emissions of a 20 year old ford f350 are. A lot, I imagine. "A huge guy"...? New service like uber: "rent a 350 pound Samoan" VC money please! I am pretty sure you could make a very, very low power watchdog circuit that only wakes up a GPS receiver and 2G/3G modem when it detects 60+ seconds of continual motion. Otherwise it'd sleep at very low power. This would fit in a $50 CF seatpost. Most good GPS receivers will get a signal through an ordinary low cost generic Chinese carbon fiber seatpost. Careful not to get the very cheap ones which are Alu wrapped in a CF laminate. The metal insert for bottom bracket (BB30 or not) can have an SN. this is permanently glued to the frame. Really expensive bikes you just don't ever lock anywhere in public. I don't know anyone in Vancouver who would lock a $3500 road or mountain bike anywhere. You're either in possession of it or it's in your garage. There are B&E teams who break into garages in metro van looking for peoples' MTB collection, so this doesn't really solve the problem, but then you've got alarm systems, bars on windows, house insurance etc. "Modified phones"? What was this, a VoIP company? Hosting? The article is really vague. VoIP over VPN to a centelized server? They're renting commercial geostationary Ku transponder capacity (by the kHz) like any commercial TV station. Little known fact: The Germans in the BMW marketing department at first wanted to name the new "ReachNow" service in Seattle "ReachAround". "I'll be there in 15 minutes but first Bob has to get me a reacharound" You really don't want to use DC for distribution in your home. Go price out telcoflex copper cabling (from 0000 up to 4 gauge) for -48VDC datacenter use. Voltage drop over distance and losses to heat make it impractical in homes. You really want to pay the extra money to wire your home with 6AWG cable in the walls? That's a lot of copper. Centralizing an AC to DC transformer is pointless for consumer stuff since things run on DIFFERENT voltages. A lot of consumer grade stuff is 5VDC internally. Or 12VDC. Or 17.5VDC. Or 19.2VDC laptops. Or 24VDC. Or 48VDC. That's before we even get into the problem of "everything in the world is already standardized to run from 110-240VAC 50/60Hz". If you really want to do DC distribution in your home, do it with 802.3af/802.3at switches (or "dumb" midspan injectors") and cat5e/cat6 cable. You can get LED lightings and other things that will run off PoE voltages and amperages now. The air quality in Karachi and Lahore is really, really bad as well. Spend one work day in Lahore wearing a clean white collared shirt and then take a photo of the shirt... wait until we have USB-C charged hoverboards (and similar products), where not only can the charger and cable catch fire, but so will the low budget Li-Ion battery pack/charge controller/battery management system.