> for the record, it is included when you copy from the URL bar Yes, but this is part of what makes the "feature" so annoying for usability obsessives such as myself. It makes copy & paste work differently in the URL bar than they do everywhere else and in every other application. Normally copy only copies the text you select. Now when you paste you not only paste the text you selected, but some extra, previously unseen text as well. I know that once you hide the " http:// you pretty much have to do copy & paste this way, to avoid people pasting incomplete URLs, but it still feels weird, at least to me... To get Rails running on a Mac, you simply have to install XCode Why? Seriously, even in Java you can get to "Hello World" with just a text editor. You don't need to download Eclipse first. If installing XCode and editing things freaks you out, then you may not be cut out for the level of coding required to actually use Rails I love the idea that someone who prefers emacs or vim over an IDE like XCode is insufficiently l33t for the awesomeness that is Rails. Bzzt wrong. Installing Java is the same as installing Ruby . The JDK doesn't include an IDE. And why do I need a C compiler to work in Ruby, anyway? I assume it's to compile your own version of Ruby. (Which is another way the Java comparison doesn't work -- you need the Java tools to compile your own code , not to compile Java .) But why on earth would a newbie want/need to do that? Rails does run best on a Mac, and there are reasons for that It seems like an odd decision to make the platform for your server-based application run best on an OS that has zero server marketshare... You're probably right. But at least in the Pythonverse that's something you don't run into right off the bat. The first step to getting started with, say, Django isn't "get a C compiler." So to work in Ruby I either need a C compiler or a JVM? Is Ruby really so slow that you can't do "Hello World" in Rails without leaping into a faster environment? At least (he said, heaving a huge sigh) it didn't advise them to run the commands via sudo. That is literally the only nice thing I can say about a "tutorial" that tells people to blindly run code snippets off the net. It's fairly uncommon in Python, at least in my limited experience. Libraries commonly advertise themselves as "Pure Python" to make it clear that they don't require compiling things in C. If your project gets up to very large scale things are probably different, but there's no need to deal with that in a "Hello World"-type tutorial. Or you can just let your distribution's repositories deal with all that for you. On Debian/Ubuntu/etc. Django and mysql-python are both installable via apt. That manages all your dependencies nicely. The versions you get may be a little older than you'd get if you grabbed them from elsewhere, but usually not so much that you'd notice. I know there's been some bad blood between the Ruby and Debian communities about Debian package maintainers not accepting bleeding-edge versions of Ruby software into the Debian repos; that may have been why Ruby went off and built its own set of package managers. Having had experience organizing lots of public speaking/platform events, I can assure you that "please provide milk and sugar" is one of the easiest-to-comply with requests I've ever seen. He doesn't specify that it must be soy milk, or 2%, or half and half. He doesn't say it has to be natural cane sugar grown on the sunny side of a hill and harvested by certified sugar cane naturalists during the summer solstice. He just wants milk and sugar; beyond that he leaves the details to you. Worst case scenario is that he doesn't use them, in which case you're out what, two dollars? That is peanuts compared to what some riders cost you by specifying elaborate A/V and lighting setups, specific vendors and contractors (i.e. friends of the speaker) you have to deal with, luxury transportation and lodging, et al. As to the "what kind of tea" issue, he helpfully solves the problem for you -- he'll bring his own, which he is guaranteed to like. So there's no scenario where your failure to choose the right tea will result in him being tealess. Strictly speaking the only thing you're on the hook to provide is hot water, which is free and easy to scrounge up at short notice. It's really a remarkably stress-free document, as riders go. Several kinds of tea?!? Oh no, anything but that. For comparison purposes, you can download the Foo Fighters' concert rider here: http://www.thesmokinggun.com/documents/celebrity/foo-fighter... Perhaps Stallman's rider would be better received if he had provided it as a coloring book... Just because a biographer had access to the subject doesn't mean the biography is necessarily better. "Authorized" biographies are notorious for slanting favorably towards their subjects, papering over their flaws and building up their good points. Sometimes that's just a byproduct of spending a lot of time with someone; you can't spend all those hours with a person without starting to see things at least a little the same way they do. Other times it's a condition they had to agree to in order to get that access in the first place. I'm not calling this biography slanted -- how would I know, I haven't even read it yet -- I'm challenging the assertion that a biography written with access to the subject is automatically better than one written without it. Wow. Good catch. When the main element of an app's pitch is that it looks great, it removes a lot of the cool factor to find out that the look was achieved by dropping in a canned theme. The crazy thing is that you hear people talking about how they've "started a company" when they haven't figured out how to make their new operation do the primary thing a company does, which is MAKE MONEY. If you're not making money, you're not a company. You're a collection of people that might be a company, someday. You're right. What does imply the other is the disproportionate percentage of African-Americans in the prison popuplation, relative to the percentage they are of the overall population (see https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Incarceration_in_the_United_St... ). African-Americans are disproportionately imprisoned in every state; in twenty states, they're imprisoned at five times the rate you would expect by their share of the state's population. But wouldn't you rather pin your mission-critical data to a table and give it a night it will never forget? :-D http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=b2F-DItXtZs This is one of the dumbest things I've ever seen. Many of these folks don't even know what Flash or HTML5 are. Explain the issue to them. Let them know why some websites are built to work on the desktop, while others are built to work on mobile; it's better this way No it isn't. Users shouldn't have to know or care about that stuff. The fact that they do is a bug, not a feature. Kind of like Flash. If you want to visit a similar facility in the US, there's one at the Greenbrier resort in West Virginia: http://www.greenbrier.com/play-here/the-bunker.aspx The Greenbrier bunker was built in the late 1950s/early 1960s as the emergency relocation point for the U.S. Congress in the event of a nuclear war. Its existence was kept secret until 1992, when a Washington Post story revealed it: http://www.washingtonpost.com/wp-srv/local/daily/july/25/bri... There are other similar facilities from the same era now known to the public, like Cheyenne Mountain in Colorado, Mount Weather in Virginia, and Raven Rock ("Site R") in Pennsylvania, but since those all still have some operational role they offer less access to the public than the Greenbrier bunker (which was decommissioned after the Post story) does. It wasn't an unprecedented decision. Mount Weather in Virginia (see http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Mount_Weather_Emergency_Operati... ) was an even bigger project designed to house and protect the executive branch, but it was compromised through sheer bad luck when in 1974 a TWA flight happened to crash into it. Reporters came to report on the crash and were surprised to find this huge, massively secure, fenced-off Federal installation in the middle of nowhere. Mount Weather wasn't shut down after that, but its role as a key relocation point was scaled back considerably. The problem with Mount Weather after 1974 was the same problem as the Greenbrier bunker had after 1992 -- the entire value of a facility like that is dependent on the Soviets not knowing it exists, because hydrogen bombs are so powerful that it's pretty much impossible to build anything that can survive a direct hit. The only way facilities like the Greenbrier, or Mount Weather, or even Cheyenne Mountain could hope to survive in a full-out nuclear war would be if they were secret enough so that the enemy wouldn't target them directly. Thankfully the prospects of full-out nuclear war aren't as bad as they used to be, so the investment in most of these facilities isn't totally wasted; many government leaders were relocated to Mount Weather on 9/11, for instance, when it wasn't clear if more terrorist attacks were imminent, and Dick Cheney is said to have worked for a time in the days after 9/11 out of Raven Rock. Neither facility would survive a direct hit from an ICBM, but when your enemies don't have ICBMs they're pretty much as secure as you can get. I would actually doubt that, myself. The costs of building those structures were enormous, and by 1970 or so hydrogen bombs had become powerful enough and ICBMs accurate enough that it was pretty much impossible to build something that would survive a direct hit. Once that point is reached the only protection that the site has is its secrecy, and it costs the enemy less to hire spies and launch satellites than it does to build a new mountain. It's a losing race. Facilities like these are a remnant of the civil-defense mentality of the 1950s. When the weapons were Hiroshima-style atomic bombs and the guidance systems were a guy 20,000 feet up looking down a bombsight, it was possible to build buildings that could survive an attack. Once you have hydrogen bombs and reasonably sophisticated inertial guidance systems, though, that possibility evaporates. They do mention it in their press release: "HP also will contribute ENYO, the application framework for webOS, to the community in the near future along with a plan for the remaining components of the user space." http://www.hp.com/hpinfo/newsroom/press/2011/111209xa.html?m... > Android had now caught up to it a bit with ICS and their "People" card Not surprising, seeing as how Google hired the guy who designed the webOS UI, Matias Duarte, to lead Android UI development starting with ICS... Not interested enough, apparently! > There is a small park at the very end of the runway where you can watch planes landing that fly just 100 ft above you. It's pretty awesome. Yup, that's Gravelly Point [1]. It's right on the Mount Vernon bike trail that runs from DC to Mount Vernon through Alexandria, so it's a nice place to stop and hydrate if you're riding that trail (and are doing a leisurely fun ride rather than a time-is-the-enemy bike commute). [1] http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Gravelly_Point Technically there's not a Metro rail line to Dulles, but there is a Metro express bus that runs there -- the 5A bus picks up passengers at L'Enfant Plaza in DC and Rosslyn in Virginia, and then goes straight out to Dulles without any further stops. [1] Rail would be better, since the rail cars are more comfortable than buses and don't get stuck in traffic. Unfortunately given the dysfunctional nature of Metro governance the long-hoped-for rail line to Dulles is one of those things that never actually seems to get any closer to completion. [1] http://wmata.com/bus/timetables/dc/05a.pdf > if I had it all to do again, I'd do many things different > now, as it turns out, I have a chance to do it all again > throwing out what didn't work, and strengthening what does > not feel like you're running a dirty hack Second-system syndrome [1] ahoy! [1] See http://www.the-wabe.com/notebook/second-system.html , http://c2.com/cgi/wiki?SecondSystemEffect , http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Second-system_effect , http://www.joelonsoftware.com/articles/fog0000000069.html , et al > Working with the ASF and the CouchDB community, we hope to integrate the core capabilities of BigCouch into Apache CouchDB. Hopefully this will put to rest the tired (and false) “CouchDB doesn’t scale” meme. This is kind of hilarious, seeing as how the whole reason why CouchDB (and all the other NoSQL databases) exist is because of the "MySQL doesn't scale" meme... I think it has more to do with the usual background of each language's programmers. Perl coders (especially Back In The Day) tended to disproportionately come to Perl from systems administration backgrounds; package management is something that sysadmins are used to worrying about, so they created a strong culture of package management in Perl early on. PHPers on the other hand tend disproportionally to come from web design/HTML+CSS backgrounds, which haven't exposed them to the problems that a good package manager is designed to solve. So package management in PHP has never been a priority. The problem with CMSes that have "all the features you want" is that they have so many features that the average user who just needs to plonk some content down on a page and periodically edit it can't wade through all the features to figure out how to do that. (I don't say this to pick on Plone -- I'm a big fan of the TYPO3[1] CMS, for instance, which does lots of the things that he mentions very well, but the downside to that power is that it's insanely hard for normal people to pick up and use.) [1] http://typo3.org Generally speaking software tends to either start powerful and try to work its way towards usability, or start usable and try to work its way towards power. The latter approach almost always beats the former. A simple but usable product attracts new users, those new users eventually start demanding features, the features eventually get added, the new features make the product attractive to more people, some of those people become new users, they demand even more features, etc. It's a virtuous circle. The powerful but complicated product, on the other hand, doesn't attract new users, and its existing users learn to live with its idiosyncrasies, either because they want to or because their boss orders them to. So there's never enough real pressure on the developers to make it truly usable, which means it doesn't attract new users, which means there's no pressure to make it more usable, etc. It's a vicious circle. WordPress has been pursuing the start-simple-and-get-powerful model, and they've made a lot more progress in that direction over the last couple of years than the start-powerful-and-get-usable (Drupal, Plone, TYPO3, etc.) have at making themselves more usable. Don't be too hard on TYPO3, it has its virtues. For instance, it has the most elegant handling of multilingual content I've ever found in fifteen years of working with CMSes. But for a small single-language site (i.e. 99% of the sites people develop) it's definitely overkill. This is an awesome way to rationalize writing software that nobody uses. > Do not be tricked by default Drupal installation UI Defaults are extremely powerful things. For most users they are all of your product they will ever experience. If your default settings are off-putting, people will feel that your software is off-putting. The defaults are the welcome mat. If the welcome mat is studded with titanium spikes coated with blowfish toxin, you shouldn't be surprised if people aren't eager to walk through the door. I wonder how many people said these same words to Larry Page and Sergey Brin back in 1997. And that was when Yahoo's brand meant something! Devil's advocate checking in... > Greeks have specific needs that Facebook and other sites do not meet. Such as? > At UPenn, the average budget is ~$125,000 a semester, and that's money each house MUST spend. Perhaps, but what fraction of that do they spend on software, social networking or otherwise? A frat budget of $125K becomes less interesting if they spent $110K of that on Natty Light. > CollegeACB had 900,000 hits its 2nd day, now its down. I'm too old to have experienced it directly in school (thank God), but from what I can tell CollegeACB was basically an anonymous message board that got canned when the discussions (predictably, given the "anonymous" part) took a turn for the offensive. Another previous site that did the same thing, JuicyCampus, also failed in much the same way. But neither of those sound like reasonable comparators to what you're talking about anyway, since (1) they were both targeted towards students in general rather than just towards Greeks, and (2) they were free, whereas you're talking about charging. So it's kind of a lose-lose comparison; if your product is like CollegeACB and JuicyCampus, it's likely to commit suicide via user-generated douchebaggery; if it ISN'T like them, those 900,000 hits don't really speak to the existence of a market for what you're selling. > is that the limit in the States or something? It depends.[1] Speed limits in the US are set by states rather than the Federal government, so they vary depending on where you happen to be driving. Larger/less-dense states tend to have higher limits than smaller/denser states do. There was a national speed limit of 55mph put in place on highways in 1974, but it was repealed in 1995.[2] My guess is that they go with 55mph because memories of the national highway speed cap mean that figure is still fixed in lots of peoples' minds here as "highway speed." [1] http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Speed_limits_in_the_United_Stat... [2] http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/National_Maximum_Speed_Law > How do you get into the Social Networking business and not see this issue coming before the first line of code is written? "It is difficult to get a man to understand something, when his salary depends upon his not understanding it." -- Upton Sinclair ( http://en.wikiquote.org/wiki/Upton_Sinclair ) I would challenge the "sub-$300" qualifier. I had one of those $50 task chairs when I started my business. After nine months I had incredible lower back pain. It felt like I was seventy years old. I'm the cheapest bastard in the world, so I looked long and hard to find a replacement that wasn't that much more expensive, but eventually I ended up biting the bullet and buying a Steelcase Leap [1]. It was expensive -- $900. But looking back on the decision a year and a half later, it was totally worth it. The back pain went away nearly overnight. In other words: on this, don't cheap out. If you're looking for a chair that's going to be your primary work chair, you're going to be spending a significant chunk of your life sitting in it. It's worth spending the money to get something good. It doesn't have to be a Leap, there are lots of options, but resist the temptation to be penny wise and pound foolish. [1] http://www.steelcase.com/en/products/category/seating/task/l... Beyond the Leap (which I recommend unreservedly), here are some other well-regarded options I came across in my search: Haworth Zody (~$700): http://www.haworth.com/en-us/Products/Furniture/Seating/Desk... Steelcase Think (~$700): http://www.steelcase.com/en/products/category/seating/task/t... Herman Miller Aeron (~$800): http://hermanmiller.com/products/seating/work-chairs/aeron-c... Humanscale Freedom (~$1,000): http://humanscale.com/products/product_detail.cfm?group=Free... Herman Miller Embody (~$1,200): http://www.hermanmiller.com/content/hermanmiller/english/pro... If you're open to less traditional seating styles, there's also: Swopper (~$650): http://swopper.com I had a Humanscale Freedom at a previous job and found it kind of stiff and awkward to sit in. YMMV, of course. The most important thing I learned is that it's a huge help if you can find a local store that has several of these so you can sit in each of them and see how they feel. It's a very subjective thing. I'm in the DC area, and a visit to the Healthy Back Store ( http://www.healthyback.com/ ) was a huge help in my decision-making process. But that was my point, I didn't leap directly from $50 to $900. I spent a lot of time looking at the space in between. What I came away with was the impression that pretty much everything under $600 was basically interchangeable junk -- the more expensive chairs in that range were just the cheaper chairs, tarted up with memory foam and the like to justify the higher price. I was thinking more http://www.imdb.com/title/tt0070909/ , myself... People who write code are a tiny, tiny, tiny fraction of the overall computer-using population. That fraction will only get smaller in the years to come as mobile devices get cheaper and more capable. Traditional desktop interfaces will survive, but they will survive in the same way that, say, Emacs survives -- as a niche product for that tiny market segment, not as the default way the Teeming Millions interact with their personal tech. I'm talking about percentages. It's not that the population of programmers won't grow; it's that the population of non-programming users will grow more. > Only if one accepts the slippery slope fallacy that they'll eventually remove the "No unsigned code" option. Not at all, for several reasons. First, defaults are powerful things. The vast majority of users never change them, or even become aware that they can be changed. This remains true even if you throw an unskippable dialog box right up in their face -- lots of people will just blindly click "OK" to accept whatever the default in the dialog box is, without stopping to consider the alternatives. The result is that default settings tend to become "the new normal," even when they're sub-optimal. (Example: why did IE6 rule the Web for a decade, despite being demonstrably inferior to the alternatives for most of that time? Because for nearly all users, it was the default. ) This seems especially true in the case of this particular preference, for two reasons. First, it's a technical question ("what's 'unsigned code?'"), which means many users will avoid changing it for fear that they don't fully understand the consequences of doing so. Second, it involves security, and users have been trained that in questions of security departing from "standard operating procedure" puts them at risk, so others will avoid changing it for fear that doing so will expose them to new vulnerabilities. In other words, it's not unreasonable to expect that offering unsigned code will quickly become an infeasible strategy for OS X developers, even if users still have the option to accept such code. The option may be there, but those developers will find themselves marginalized simply for being something other than the default. > For the duration of the company's existence, one of their biggest customer segments has been the creative industry I would have thought the Final Cut Pro X debacle ( http://pogue.blogs.nytimes.com/2011/06/23/professional-video... ) would have served adequate notice to those folks that Apple doesn't consider them an important market segment anymore... Pretend I'm Apple answering these questions for a moment... > Chrome "Safari." > Photoshop/Adobe CS "Creatives? Did you see what we did to Final Cut? Have you noticed how little we talk about the Mac Pro anymore?" > Fusion/Parallels > Text Editors > FTP Clients "We're in the consumer products business, not the 'tools for nerds' business. Ask an XServe customer if you want more information." > Microsoft Office "We could care less if we sell boring-ass business software into enterprises." > Dropbox "iCloud." I dunno, maybe this[1], or this[2], or this[3], for starters. [1] http://www.pcworld.com/article/140182/facebooks_beacon_more_... [2] http://arstechnica.com/tech-policy/news/2008/05/canadian-gro... [3] http://www.poynter.org/latest-news/media-lab/social-media/14... Don't think they weren't busy in 2009 and 2010, either: http://consumerist.com/2009/02/facebooks-new-terms-of-servic... http://techcrunch.com/2009/12/09/facebook-privacy/ http://online.wsj.com/article/SB1000142405270230477280457555... https://www.eff.org/deeplinks/2010/04/facebook-timeline http://www.wired.com/epicenter/2010/05/facebook-rogue/ That's an example that proves the opposite of your point. You may notice if you watch some older movies (pre-1950s, mostly) that they used to run the ENTIRE credits list at the start of the film. The WHOLE THING. Not just the credits you see at the beginning today, but also all the ones that today are listed at the END of the movie, too. The copyright notices for all the songs they used, the logos for their camera and film providers, the names of all the gaffers and best boys and Assistants To Mr. Bigshot... you had to sit through them all before the movie got underway. They don't do that anymore. Today only a very small number of Very Important People get credited before the start of the movie. Everyone else gets shunted to the end. Why? The answer is TV. When TV came along and movies started getting shown there, they no longer had a captive audience. The audience could now change the channel if they weren't being entertained -- which meant that there was pressure on the filmmakers to GET ON WITH THE DAMN MOVIE. So they moved nearly all the credits to run after the film, rather than before. That was a bit of a blow to all those other folks, of course, since credits at the end of a movie are credits nobody reads -- they're too busy leaving the theater or changing the channel. But it was necessary to conform to the audience's desire that they GET ON WITH THE DAMN MOVIE. Which is Thomas' point: users' expectations are changing. Used to be that it didn't matter that much if your app was slow to load, because users didn't expect it to be fast. But the proliferation of mobile devices and lightweight apps is changing those expectations. So if you care about your users and want to hold on to them, it behooves you to GET ON WITH THE DAMN APPLICATION. Yeah, as audiences' attention spans get ever shorter the pressure to GET ON WITH THE DAMN MOVIE gets ever higher, so filmmakers are always looking for ways to pare down the length of the opening credits or to present them in a way that also starts the story moving. The same evolution has been underway for a couple of decades now with TV shows. Until the early 1990s it was commonplace for TV sitcoms to have a full opening credits reel, complete with a theme song just for that show. Think of the opening of Mary Tyler Moore [1] from back in the '70s, for instance, or Cheers [2] from the '80s; they both became iconic representations of those shows. These intros helped set the tone of the show that followed them. But they generally took a full minute to run, and as the universe of options provided by cable expanded and remote controls became inexpensive, waiting that extra minute for the show to start began to turn off viewers. The push began to GET ON WITH THE DAMN SHOW, and so the traditional musical opening first shrank, then disappeared altogether. Today's openings run much shorter -- 25 seconds max -- and usually include just a couple of title cards and a musical snippet. [1] http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=9m4-Te1m7fY [2] http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=FD8ljNobUys The problem is that ICS is the only Android version for phones that includes any of Duarte's magic, and getting ICS out to the huge population of users of existing Android devices is a major problem. Most won't get it at all, and the few devices that will get it are getting it verrrrry slowly. And even if you go to buy a new device today, odds are that it won't come with ICS, and there are few guarantees that it will even get an upgrade later on. That's not really Google's fault -- it has much more to do with the various (crappy) carrier- and device-manufacturer specific customizations having to all be carted over to ICS -- but it does mean that for the vast majority of users the "Android experience" is going to be stuck at 2.x quality until 2013 at least. Which is a shame. Edit: clarified that first sentence refers to versions of Android available for phones. You know, the versions of Android people actually care about. Point the first -- I was talking about Android-on-phones, not Android-on-tablets. Honeycomb was tablet-only. (Given how anemic sales of Android tablets that aren't labeled "Kindle" have been, that seemed like a safe omission.) Point the second -- I thought Duarte was pretty clear on his feelings regarding how Honeycomb turned out in his ICS launch interview with The Verge ( http://www.theverge.com/2011/10/18/exclusive-matias-duarte-i... ): He starts with a qualifier. "Honeycomb was kind of that emergency landing," he says, "You get there, 'phew, okay survived that,' and when we finished that we said 'what's next?'" ... Matias explains further, "Honeycomb was like: we need to get tablet support out there. We need to build not just the product, but even more than the product, the building blocks so that people stop doing silly things like taking a phone UI and stretching it out to a 10-inch tablet." It's obvious that products like the original Galaxy Tab, with a bastardized version of Android for phones, annoyed him. "So that was the mission, and it was a time-boxed mission. Any corner we could cut to get that thing out the door, we had to." That seems like less of an argument for Bioware letting you skip combat in Mass Effect games and more of an argument for Bioware making combat in Mass Effect games not suck. > If that is really the target market, then why bother creating the gameplay aspects? I think this is a function of the economics that rule the game industry today. (Yes, even at BioWare.) The problem is that what used to be a distinct genre of game, the first-person shooter, became so economically successful that now it has become the default template for every type of game. Stories that in the past would have been told in the format of an adventure game, or an RPG, or a strategy game, are now forced into the format of an FPS, for the simple reason that today AAA titles are FPSes, full stop. This leads to all sorts of weird mutant games, such as the Mass Effect titles, where the things the designers want to do jar roughly against the format. You spend most of your time in Mass Effect games running around gathering power-ups and shooting stuff. (Pedantry alert: it's from a third-person perspective rather than first-person, but the core run-cover-shoot mechanics are the usual FPS staples.) Periodically this tedious routine will be interrupted by a brief non-shooting interlude, which happens to be where all the interesting stuff in the game happens. But after a few minutes of that the game pulls you right back to the running and gunning. You can practically hear the game grunting at you through clenched teeth: "This is a AAA title, dammit! You better believe you're going to be running and gunning!" If adventure games were still an economically viable genre, you could imagine Mass Effect making a hell of an adventure game. Rip out all that running and gunning and just focus on telling the story , since that's clearly where the designers' hearts are anyway. But they can't do that, because between publishers, retailers and gamers, the marketplace won't allow it. If you want to make a game with a AAA budget in the 2010s, it has to be a shooter , or at least be close enough that you can argue the point. So you get a bunch of games that try to weld the mechanics of the FPS onto stories that would fit other formats much, much better. (I'm looking at you, BioShock.) This is an exceptionally lame rebuttal. > There is a fundamental problem when any rechargeable battery is discharged and then left to sit for months. Any boat owner understands that that's why you plug in a trickle charger when the craft is put into storage. Yes, it's an excellent strategy to assume that your car buyers will also be boat owners, and therefore know all the things that boat owners know without you needing to explain them. Because who doesn't own a boat, right? Funny how neither the linked post nor Tesla's official statement on the subject [1] mention any of that stuff. That omission is either just monumentally bad PR, or they're not really that fastidious or consistent about educating the customer. (Not that I doubt drzaiusapelord, but if they were, you think they'd be shouting that from the rooftops rather than leaving it to random commenters on HN to explain.) [1] http://www.engadget.com/2012/02/22/tesla-roadsters-ev-accuse... Aaaand nothing of value was lost. From the article: > This is why table-based layout fell out of favor. No. No. No. No it is not. Table-based layout didn't fall out of favor because table cells didn't include enough semantic layout information. It fell out of favor because tables are for tabular data, not layout , and layouts that used them therefore created negative consequences in all kinds of situations where the UA expected a table to actually be a table , such as when accessed by a vision-impaired person using a screen reader. From this perspective a layout using DIVs is always better than a table-based layout, even if the classes and IDs of the DIVs are named presentationally rather than semantically, because DIVs at least are neutral -- they don't carry the weight of a bunch of semantics that are irrelevant or at cross-purposes to what you're trying to achieve. You are correct that a DIV that's named "left-column" is marginally better than a DIV that's named "span4", if only because of the additional semantic information included in the "left-column" name. But either DIV is far, far better than any table-based layout. No, you weren't unclear, you just completely missed my point. Coding layouts in tables is more than just "coding towards appearance." It is misusing a non-appearance-related element , which is worse . The problems I described don't come from "coding towards appearance," and they aren't encountered with DIVs named presentationally rather than semantically. You only get them with tables, because you're abusing the table element by using it in ways that are completely orthogonal to its purpose. I'm not disagreeing that semantically-named DIVs are better than presentationally-named DIVs. What I'm saying is that presentationally-named DIVs are not equivalent to table-based layouts. Table-based layouts are worse than ANY DIV-based layout, regardless of how the DIVs are named. > Uploading your address book to an app is different than posting it publicly because people trust Path their their data. Are you sure about this? Has every Path user really reviewed Path's data security policies and deemed them satisfactory? Do Path users even have access to that information? And if they did, would most of them be in any position to evaluate it knowledgeably? Or isn't it more likely that they trust Path because they don't know the full scope of what Path has access to? Blind trust is easier to extend to someone the less information you're trusting them with, after all. > People don't seem to care until someone writes a blog post that tells them they should care. But that's the point, isn't it? They shouldn't have to care! People shouldn't have to be security experts to use a phone. The phone should protect them by default and make them have to jump through hoops to waive that protection, rather than the other way around. Because there's no way that your data, once uploaded to the app vendor's servers, can ever leak out. Right? No way they are running their operation on the cheap and don't have their servers secured against intrusion. No way they can be inexperienced developers and build an API that leaks information to improperly authenticated requests. No way they can have a disgruntled employee throw a torrent of it all up when he gets fired. No way they can get bought by someone with fewer scruples and hand your data over to them as part of the acquisition. Indeed. War games are about war in much the same way Whack-A-Mole is about groundskeeping. Didn't stop us from going to war in Korea for three years, or in Vietnam for 15-20... Oh, for the days when this industry was run by grown-ups. Ars Technica runs a guide every few months with their recommended components to build a desktop PC at a few different price/power levels. Here's their most recent one, from last December: http://arstechnica.com/gadgets/guides/2011/12/ars-technica-s... Their advice is generally really good, so even if you don't end up buying the exact components they recommend, it's useful for establishing a baseline of what a good custom PC at a given point in time for a given amount of money looks like. As to compatibility issues, if you mean "compatibility with Linux," those sorts of problems are much less common today than they used to be, at least for desktop PCs. Laptops still require some picky shopping if you're planning to run Linux on them (thanks to things like proprietary drivers for wireless radios, grumble grumble), but compatibility with desktop parts is pretty robust. That's a lesson they're supposed to teach you in medical school: primum non nocere , "first, do no harm." ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Primum_non_nocere ) "Before we hire you, we'd like you to make a copy of your house keys for us. You know, so we can check in occasionally and make sure you're not doing anything that would make The Company look bad..." The only reason they don't care is because not caring hasn't gotten them burned yet. Sometimes people have to learn things the hard way... > There's an old adage from the cold war that "You cannot show weakness to the enemy." Study how the Cuban Missile Crisis was eventually resolved, and you'll see this doctrine at work. Not really. The "not showing weakness to the enemy" stuff was what nearly destroyed the world in the Cuban Missile Crisis. It wasn't until the Soviet leader, Nikita Khrushchev, sent a long and emotional telegram directly to President Kennedy imploring the President to join with him in taking a step back ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Cuban_Missile_Crisis#Secret_neg... ) that a way out of the crisis began to present itself. From Khrushchev's telegram (full text here: http://microsites.jfklibrary.org/cmc/oct26/doc4.html ): Armaments bring only disasters. When one accumulates them, this damages the economy, and if one puts them to use, then they destroy people on both sides. Consequently, only a madman can believe that armaments are the principal means in the life of society. No, they are an enforced loss of human energy, and what is more are for the destruction of man himself. If people do not show wisdom, then in the final analysis they will come to a clash, like blind moles, and then reciprocal extermination will begin... Mr. President, we and you ought not now to pull on the ends of the rope in which you have tied the knot of war, because the more the two of us pull, the tighter that knot will be tied. And a moment may come when that knot will be tied so tight that even he who tied it will not have the strength to untie it, and then it will be necessary to cut that knot, and what that would mean is not for me to explain to you... Consequently, if there is no intention to tighten that knot and thereby to doom the world to the catastrophe of thermonuclear war, then let us not only relax the forces pulling on the ends of the rope, let us take measures to untie that knot. We are ready for this. Kennedy took Khrushchev up on this initiative; what defused the crisis was a secret agreement where the US agreed to remove all its nuclear missiles from Turkey in exchange for the Soviets pulling theirs out of Cuba. But it's not secret from your adversary ("the enemy" that you're not supposed to show weakness to), since you're making the secret offer to him. If anything, the lesson of the crisis is how important it can be to keep from looking weak in front of your friends. Kennedy kept the missile deal secret from the American people for a good reason: he may very well have been impeached had he made it public, and it would have shaken the confidence of our other NATO allies in our overseas commitments if they learned that Kennedy had removed the protection of (obsolete, but still) nuclear weapons from NATO-member Turkey in response to Soviet pressure. And winning even a small concession from Kennedy is probably the only thing that saved Khrushchev from being toppled in a coup by Soviet hard-liners after the Cuba debacle. Sometimes your friends can be the worst enemies of all! Oh, man. I played Borderlands all the way through (once, anyway), and my reaction to all the things Steve praises was exactly the opposite. * I had no idea that there was a special benefit to playing the game through a second or third time. That's because the game doesn't tell you that. So the only people who will ever discover this are the hardest of hard-core OCD types. * Even if it did tell you that, it's ridiculous that it would push the "good stuff" out to the second or third playthrough. Old Man Murray said it best, more than a decade ago ( http://www.oldmanmurray.com/longreviews/63.html ): > Here's a note to developers regarding what we hope will become an industry-wide policy: if your game has some good parts, try to put them at the fucking beginning. It takes us ten hours of dismal labor to earn enough money to buy your game, so please commence the entertainment early on. If possible, pack something fun right into the box, for instance a balloon... > Developers have one goddamn job: entertain us. And we mean now, goddamnit, not in six hours. * The huge number of randomly generated guns may create a token economy, but it also forces the player to spend way too much time trying to figure out whether Gun # 712,924 is better than Gun # 712,925. Sid Meier is supposed to have said that "a game is a series of interesting choices," and the problem with Borderlands' guns is that choosing between them is usually not interesting, because the differences between most weapons you encounter contemporaneously are so tiny. This wouldn't be so bad if you could carry an unlimited number of weapons, but you can't, so you're constantly having to compare weapons to decide which ones to discard and which to keep; which means you're constantly being forced to make uninteresting choices. It's the opposite of fun. And on and on. Don't get me wrong, I liked Borderlands ; as a shooter it was OK, and its unique aesthetic was fun. But all the things that Steve is raving about here are things that I experienced as reasons not to like it. But is it really a huge group, though? Diablo is a franchise from a different age, when gaming was only for people who were willing to step up to a certain hardcore threshold. That requirement automatically limited the size of the audience. The explosion of more-casual gaming over the last decade has created franchises whose sales make Diablo 's look anemic. If this list ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/List_of_best-selling_PC_video_g... ) is accurate, for instance, Diablo and Diablo 2 sold about 6.5 million copies together, which ain't hay; but The Sims , Sims 2 and Sims 3 together sold 39 million copies , making it a completely different magnitude of hit. (Not even counting all the expansions, either.) And how many hundreds of millions of copies of Angry Birds have been sold? It's entirely possible to look at a mountain of data and take away incorrect or misleading conclusions from it. The existence of data is not in and of itself a guarantee that the human beings who look at it will interpret it correctly. If your interface needs a cheat sheet or tip mechanism or animated assistant to explain to the user how it works, it is a failure. > I can't think of anything more ephemeral and useless than blog comments--does it really matter whether those are backed up for the ages? You might be surprised. Archaeologists are forced to derive much of what they know about vanished cultures from bits of ephemera from their daily lives -- things you'd find in a midden heap, like shards of discarded pottery, spat-out plant seeds and gnawed animal bones, and the like. Why? Because those are the things that survived. Would our understanding of those cultures be richer if we could hear their songs and read their poetry? Undoubtedly. But we can learn an awful lot about them from their ephemera, even without that. Hey everybody! Guess what! John Gruber loves a new Apple product! (Now let's all take a moment to recover from the shock of hearing this.) And that everybody earns every penny that they really should. Nobody's ever born the wrong color or gender or nationality, or ever has bad luck that prevents them from fulfilling their potential. > I write this post because I've noticed a sort of "JUST USE BCRYPT" cargo cult... This is absolutely the wrong attitude to have about cryptography. No. This is incorrect. This is exactly the right attitude for most developers to have about cryptography, because on a subject as complex as cryptography most developers (including me!) are nowhere near smart enough to understand the ins and outs. Encouraging people to make their own decisions on subjects they aren't equipped to understand fully is dangerous advice. It leads to all sorts of bad outcomes. People who have to choose between options they don't really understand end up choosing things at random, or on the basis of incomplete or misleading information, or getting seized up by the need to make a choice and choosing nothing at all. This makes cryptography one of the very few cases where a cargo-cult approach is better than the alternatives. A simple message that "this is the approach people smarter than you agree is correct, use it," repeated consistently, will help more people more completely than dumping them into the deep end of the crypto pool ever will. By all means, use different wording when passing this message along if you're worried about hurting the recipient's fee-fees. But you won't be doing them any favors if you change the message to a Stuart Smalley-style "You can do it! You're good enough! You're smart enough! And gosh darn it, people like you!" Because on this specific subject , the odds are very, very, very unlikely that they actually are. But just the existence of multiple cargo cults causes damage, because it leads people to assume that "the experts are divided." Which will lead some people to go with the wrong batch of experts, and others to just throw up their hands in confusion and store their passwords in plain text because it's too hard for them to figure out which group of experts is right. This is a case where unanimity in the message is important. If all the experts say "use A," people will take that to mean there's no debate about the merits of A over B and C, and use A. If some say "use A" while others say "use B" or "use C", some fraction of listeners will give up and use nothing at all. Yes, that's right. It doesn't mean that you are hopelessly non-cognitive if you can't understand the complexities of cryptography. (As I said, I certainly can't.) It just means that unless you are one of the very few people who are 1) exceptionally mathematically talented and 2) able to have spent your entire life studying the subject, it's unlikely that you could make an informed choice. Why Vim? 1. Because it's installed everywhere. 2. There is no 2. Because calling a woman "bitchy" is always a convincing rebuttal to a charge of sexism... 1) Extremely long battery life -- the newer Neo model can be used for months on a pair of AA batteries (see http://www.williamlanday.com/2009/05/29/things-i-love-the-al... ) 2) Can run on commodity batteries -- AAs are cheap, user replaceable, and supplies are easily available worldwide 3) More rugged -- can be dropped without fear, no need for aftermarket cases/screen protectors 4) Keyboard included -- no need for aftermarket add-on, unlike most tablets 5) Cheap -- you can buy one for an order of magnitude less than the cost of a tablet, or even more less than the cost of a notebook Which isn't to say devices like these are better for everyone than a tablet or a laptop would be, just that those devices don't automatically make these irrelevant for their niche. And the TRS-80 Model 100 ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/TRS-80_Model_100 ), which arguably pioneered the concept. Or they've decided that Flash has already lost to HTML5, so they're looking to squeeze as much money as they can out of Flash's remaining developers on the way down. Seriously! I remember buying my first box of ten 3.5" floppies, which stored 1.44MB of data EACH, after years of using the older 360KB 5.25" disks, and marveling how much storage I was carrying in that little box... Kids today, with their USB sticks and DVD drives and Internets. Grumble grumble. Get off my lawn! NEW world of proprietary software? Proprietary software has been around for a long time, young Padawan. And for all that time, using it has meant knowing that the platform owner could step in at any time and ream^H^H^H^H"monetize" you. They've already done it. Windows Vista and 7 provide an API for text rendering called DirectWrite ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/DirectWrite ) that gives much cleaner results. XP and prior use an older API called GDI ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Graphics_Device_Interface ), which hasn't kept up with advances in modern displays. The reason why this switch hasn't resulted in a simple "boom, instantly beautiful" improvement is a chicken-and-egg problem. The choice of which rendering API to use is made by application developers; they naturally want to target the one that's most widely adopted. But Vista/7 haven't driven XP out of the marketplace yet. So cautious browser developers stick with GDI. You can see the result in the examples you cited. IE9 is a special case because it's only available for Vista and 7 anyway, so Microsoft was free to move it to DirectWrite. Firefox defaults to GDI, but as of FF4 has optional DirectWrite support (how to turn it on: http://forums.mozillazine.org/viewtopic.php?t=1775755 ). Chrome is GDI-only. Saying Apple "steals from" Braun is too strong. (Xerox has a much stronger claim to having been ripped off by Steve Jobs than Braun does.) But it's undeniable that the Jobs/Ive design aesthetic was strongly influenced by the work of Dieter Rams. That's not unusual, though; anyone who works in a creative field (including programming) will know the work of another can inspire you to new directions in your own work. I dunno if the magic is the real problem. I think the real problem with full-stack frameworks is that they require you to drink their entire pitcher of Kool-Aid in order to get up and running. There's no easy "Hello World" to give new users confidence. Take Django for instance (because I have more experience with it than I have with Rails). Just to get through the introductory tutorial ( https://docs.djangoproject.com/en/dev/intro/tutorial01/ ) you have to wrap your brain around projects, apps, views, models, and Django's command-line tools. Contrast that to getting started in PHP without a framework; you can introduce someone who only knows HTML to PHP extremely gently, by taking an existing HTML document (which they understand) and sprinkling in some PHP to do simple stuff. They won't be a programming god with that knowledge, of course, but that's not important; what's important is that they took the first step and succeeded, which gives them the confidence to take the second. With a full-stack framework, getting that first step right involves a lot of mental work, which increases the chances that people will screw it up or abandon it in frustration. Frameworks frequently compound this problem by inventing their own terminology for features, or taking words people already use and redefining them, so you can't easily map things you already know from other systems to things inside the framework. Just in the Django intro, for instance, we have to learn the difference between projects and apps , both of which are commonly used terms that Django has overloaded with Django-specific meanings. All of this means that taking the first step in going from "has never used Django" to "Django newbie" involves a lot of learning, and that guarantees that some people are going to just walk away and others are going to try to follow along but get lost in the complexity. On the positive side, when that implementation of Perl 6 does arrive, it will be delivered to you by flying car free of charge. > I am sorry, but a guy who stands in a production line building cars should not be making $125k per year You should be pleased to learn then that they don't: * http://www.nytimes.com/2008/12/10/business/economy/10leonhar... * http://www.factcheck.org/2008/12/auto-worker-salaries/ But Notch wasn't "Internet famous" until after Minecraft launched. Minecraft made him Internet famous. In other words, Notch is Internet famous because Minecraft was a hit, Minecraft wasn't a hit because Notch was Internet famous. Don't worry about how un-famous you are. Put that energy into building something that makes you famous. Or even better: "WE will never..." That way it doesn't sound like you're trying to weasel-word a (meaningless to the user) distinction between your company and your product. "Was Katz right?" is not the most important part. It's arguably not even relevant. If someone is presenting, and they say something that's incorrect, there are better ways to deal with it than pushing them off the platform and announcing that the Real Genius has arrived. I can think of two right off the top of my head: 1) Wait until they've finished, then pose your correction in the form of a question to them and allow them to answer. This lets them save face (since you're not outright correcting them, you're just asking for clarification), gives them the chance to correct themselves in case they just misspoke or were misunderstood, and avoids the risk of your correction of the one incorrect point overwhelming the other, presumably correct, points the speaker made. 2) When the session is over, approach the organizer of the user group and offer to make your own presentation on the subject, in which you'll give the correct information, at the next meeting. If you're concerned that people will miss the point, add a subtitle like "A Response to Presenter X" to the name of the presentation. > If the original presenter could effectively support his position then he would not have left the stage. In the world of actual human beings, this is not true. People are quite easily driven to the margins by bullies who are louder and more strident than they are, even if their argument is 100% correct. Lawyers even have a saying for it: "If the law is against you, bang on the facts. If the facts are against you, bang on the law. If both are against you, bang on the table." > Isn't "post-factum civil litigation" an even better mechanism for enforcement? Only if you prefer getting ripped off and then having to pay lawyers for ten or fifteen years to get back a tiny part of your losses to not getting ripped off in the first place.