Taxes (excluding incentives / disincentives to do things as the collective (government) feels benefits society) should take a single exponential curve, a few min gives me this as a starting point: Taxes = PreTaxIncome * (1-(Ratio^((PreTaxIncome - BasicIncome) / BasicIncome))) * subtract basic living income from total * an otherwise equally applied curve where you /always/ take home more for making more (irrespective of how you made it) BUT the more you make the higher the percentage becomes tax. You're taking home disproportionately more of a society therefore your obligations to the society that allows you to make that much are also larger. If you're waiting for some background task and want to experiment use a spreadsheet program and the following: B1 = Ratio A2 = MinimumIncome A3+ = HigherIncomes B2+ = =(1-POWER($B$1,(A2-$A$2)/$A$2))*A2 C2+ = =B2/A2 D2+ = =(A2-B2)/$A$2 I'm not super happy about this particular curve as it's been too long since taking math courses for me to remember how to build in controls that make it easier to shape based on more meaningful numbers. Welcome to the incarceration nation. After the recent posts about RISC-V I'm more interested in that architecture. LowRISC: Open-source RISC-V SoC (9 days ago) https://news.ycombinator.com/item?id=8137521 RISC-V: An Open Standard for SoCs (7 days ago) https://news.ycombinator.com/item?id=8149658 Sort of. You can invite others to a calendar event. However it doesn't inter-operate well with the MS Exchange monoculture, largely because Microsoft, like with filesystems, hasn't yet met a competing standard that they would be willing to support natively. (Example, just look at the horrid IMAP support in practically every version of Outlook. I /think/ Outlook 2010 is the closest so far and it's still got tiny hiccups.) The left most lane (excluding HOV lanes) is for /passing/. Unless you are passing you should NOT be in this lane. Remaining in this lane, even doing the speed limit, while someone is behind you clearly wanting to go faster (that's their problem, not your's) is failure to yield. It would only be possible if a limit were enforced on all non-primary namespaces. However something that has been /possible/ for a while (but not in practice done) would be to elevate root process priority over other processes. Probably not done due to daemons needing to run as root (which is decreasing as they're able to drop privileges these days). With incentives like /that/ I too would buy a Tesla. Eliminate things from the list that are payment at service time (fast food, transit, stores, etc). Even cable, America's biggest luxury addiction, has some trouble obtaining payment. However what I'd like to see far more is a systemic solution. Instead of permatemps, part time workers, new hire probation (sort of), or even wellfare, 'unemployment' should mean more like a new deal program. There will be something for all workers to do, preferably in/near their training. If there is not, based on aptitude, retraining will be subsidized while more generic work is scheduled around the training. All initial hires/temps/etc will be paid for at full pro-rated cost (but less inherent risk/mutual solidity) by companies in question. The government will also pass on only a discounted rate of payment (but full benefits otherwise) to encourage the worker to land a job outside of the support system. My standard library does not contain any such rule. I therefore consider such a rule to not be common sense/knowledge. Please /define/ what you consider the 'standard' rule to be. Offhand, yes there are situations that I realize qualify as such (usually the gold digger style scenarios), however I have never heard of an actual logically applicable /rule/ to quantify that emotional sentiment. I'm not sure which country has it, but I'll generalize some criteria: * Able to make rational decisions for one's self. * Successful co-operation with already existing 'adults'. * Able to produce surplus survival resources to enable successful raising of offspring. By the above requirements I would suspect that if you removed an automatic assumption of truth based on chronological age, that a majority of American 'adults' would fail at lease one item on the above list. In some cases it really isn't their fault, but a fault of society failing to correct it's own conditions. It would probably be faster to directly 'hack' a raw IEEE 754 floating number: http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/IEEE_754-1985 The helpful Examples section already contains the numbers 0 and 1. Let us assume that the output is supposed to be between 0 and 1; it seems that 0 should be inclusive and 1 exclusive for the most balanced 'quick' output. Those two numbers have the leading binary format: 0 (8 or 11 bits exponent) (23 or 52 bits fraction) For either 32 or 64 bit floats. Thus for a float (32 bit): 0 0 (7 bits) (23 bits) 30 bits of randomness are necessary, HOWEVER 0 01111111 is already one when the fraction is all 0s. The easiest solution I can see is to evenly drop some precision: A reference for the casting procedure: http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Fast_inverse_square_root#Overvi... Pseudo: uint32 randomNumber; ... set the random somehow, maybe rand() maybe /dev/urandom etc ... randomNumber &= 0x3F7FFFFF; return * (float *) &randomNumber; Now that you mention it, that would also be an issue for the technique you describe; specifiable to the rounding characteristics for truncated numbers. It's probably a better design idea to have a predictable sequence of float (like, application dependent) results and randomly select from within said sequence. In what way is this keeping the peace or beneficial to the public? Actions like the above are why many citizens do not respect the laws and those who apply them; because they are not acting in a fittingly honorable manor. So they have to become the Rats of NIMH for the experiment to be a success? Let us hope we never unintentionally go that far with an experiment. I would not want to create a cursed form of sentient life; if it is to be done it should be done to increase diversity and resistance to intelligence ending disasters. The current assumption should be that they are always targeted. This has always been the case, even before Snowden or any other events. It could also be that participating in the study addresses sources of depression by giving the subject a way that they are 'helping out' society, or are 'cared about' etc. There are probably many factors to depression which may include chemical or structural causes; however the human brain is a complex self adapting analog computer. It would be foolish to think that such a system can be reduced a single or even simple set of controlled variables. Your vanity is probably specked for something similar to 30 or 40 watt bulbs. You could replace with half as many bulbs (leaving old dead bulbs in place or using some other socket filler) that produce equivalent light to reduce the costs. Pick a 'usb stick' distro of choice (my choice is usually sysrescuecd) and boot that image off of media or virtual media if you have one of those remotely managed systems. Though it sure would be nice if said systems could pull the image off of a mirror local to the DC. Alternatively, build a similar rescue option in to your boot menu; if that's broken you've got no choice anyway. Translating idiot: they implicitly meant 'in the rest of the world' instead of 'the world' (probably wrote it that way to begin with actually... and someone else probably 'made it shorter'). I've often heard the phrase 'English borrowed' in relation to words obtained from other languages. English needs to /steal/ and should have stolen in all such cases. Sure, take how the thing is said and even the meaning, but strictly adhere to a single simple set of rules without exceptions for encoding that verbal language to written form and for decoding it back to speech. I refuse to participate in these wastes of my time (I have far more entertaining things to waste my time with). I do, however, make every effort to exercise my right to vote so that I earn the privilege of 'complaining' about results I dislike (what I voted for didn't win, what I voted for sold us out, the thing I wanted to vote for wasn't an option because of gerrymandering (which is what any form of distracting is)). Remembering that there's no possible way we could know how many years away a thing is; the numbers are clearly a guesstimate. They're more of a rounded (hence the clustering at or away from given numbers) measure of the remaining 'effort' versus 'difficulty'. Very likely there is some absolute time required (experiments take time to run), but throwing more people (and more importantly, more resources to run experiments and gather data) at the problem /would/ get to an end result faster (though how much faster is open to debate; it's sort of like asking how much effort does it take to win a top 30th percentile prize from a lottery). Do you use other data to correlate locations that might have different offsets at different times? (EG; slightly pressurized buildings with forced air circulation or vehicles in motion?) Or are such offsets too minuscule to notice? Duplication is a form of forward error correction. You would be amazed what various broken tools can produce for filenames. UI issues; on display format all /printing display elements/ (including spaces as spaces and things that look like whitespace but aren't spaces) with readable glyphs, or those numeric standins for non-rendering glyphs. The very worst enemy operates on the belief that they are helping you/the majority. The only way to win against such an enemy is to educate them on the error of their ways. Support transparency. Support sunset clauses (continue to justify a thing is necessary). Support full accountability. I had thought this was already discussed given that I usually see stories on Hacker News before other sites (and thus that I'd missed the discussion of this topic). Assuming this is a new posting; while I agree this is good from the perspectives of what IBM appears to consider it's core business and also from the viewpoint of having stronger competition among third party foundries I am curious about an aspect that was mentioned but not well discussed on those other stories. "With IBM essentially bowing out of everything other than R&D and GlobalFoundries licensing Samsung’s 14nm process rather than licensing IBM’s or developing their own, Samsung is now the strongest member in a party of 2. How GlobalFoundries and Samsung continue this relationship – and more importantly GlobalFoundries’ role as a developer versus a customer/licensee – remains to be seen." (Ref: http://www.anandtech.com/show/8631/globalfoundries-acquires-... ) How does this reflect competition between these third party foundries used by Intel's competition on many fronts (AMD and various embedded system/mobile device chipset manufacturers) with respect to narrowing or eliminating the process node advantage? I think your rough list is... Apple Google Microsoft (in terms of how lucrative developing for a given platform seems). I like how Blackberry is considered 'effectively dead'; I've felt the same way since they failed to react to the iPhone. I believe that reflection upon these results is critical to any attempt at raising the economic productivity of a region. It seems clear that infrastructure, education, and business development incentives (even if only in making it easier to found and afford to fail at making a go of a small business) are critical ingredients to economic vitality. "push 'tombstone' record to invalidate cache" For that /alone/ this is technically superior and that's frosting on the cake. Now if only we could also get DNS servers to reply with similar packages of useful data. At a glance this appears to be running linear reads of memory with different alignments and performing the same work. Thus the only difference between the two for any algorithm which fits within (even L1 cache in this case) would be a single additional memory read. The most fascinating aspect of this is that he sounds like an absolutely ordinary guy 'just following orders'; it's likely what he actually was and has been. The evil of legitimizing immoral actions is that they become what is, within that context, justice. This is the best that normal people can understand... unless you trick them in to being smart. Voters, thanks to mainstream media, understand the concept of 'voting off' or expressing whom they have the most dis-approval for. Thus get voters to construct a ranking from least to most liked; which you can invert to get the most to least liked. IRV also has poor behavior in the process for selecting whom to remove. My personal solution for that is to remove 'winners' until all that's left is a single candidate; that is the candidate that failed to win any election possible in that round and the one to drop. Re-calculate until there are the target number of candidates left and you have the set of IRV plurality winners (I wasn't even aware of the term plurality until CGPGrey's wonderful series on voting brought up the methods of voting in Robert's Rules of Order). You're asking for a persistent first class function; write it like one. Continuing that hypothetical: Most of the effects that climate scientists predict will happen as a result of increased global mean temperature are highly negative; from the extinction of many species to the loss of coastal habitats (for humans). In a non-political world we would compare the costs of climate engineering practices against the costs of taking the resulting losses from failure to act. The setup you're describing is, if at all urban, only barely so. Really on an area average you've just described a suburbs which happened to develop with a dense enough core that there is little or no 'free parking' for the businesses. It would be like me picking out the area called 'west Seattle' (one of the near by suburbs of Seattle) when I should really be talking about Seattle as the urban environment. Getting as little sleep as we do is 'un natural'. I'd argue that, including a nocturnal wandering break of some kind (as I recall hearing used to be normal prior to the widespread use of electricity) around 10 hours of darkness (on average) and 'rest at night' would be what we evolved as being setup for. To instead push the boundaries to midnight or later (as I tend to want to do my self) and then to be required to get up before even 8AM is really not leaving enough time for good rest. It doesn't help that the area I'm in is closer to the 49th parallel than the 45th and also has easterly mountains; thus making natural sunrise artificially later. It's no wonder Seattle has such a caffeine addiction. Even if this does work, all it validates (measures) is the accuracy of guessing outcome. It does not (as mentioned via reference to global score) actually measure what the best odds for likelyhood are. The system also does not account for new entry in to the surgical field, nor doctors changing in skill and accuracy over time (the data doesn't have aging parameters). Forward security typically means you make it possible, after the session is complete, for anyone to have said anything during the session. Thus making it possible for any potential log of said session to be forged and presented as 'evidence'; therefore implying that even a log which happens to exist on someone's computer is in fact forged (or more to the point, that any potentially recovered log or monitored log is forged; even if an identity has signed off on the session key). So if 'PFS' was used with a sent message then anyone/everyone would be able to read or forge the message. This is not the problem that PGP/OpenPGP was designed to solve. No, you should have written an array of values to begin with. Coercing data types is surely more wrong than taking the most recently supplied value for a given key in a map. Or just outright make this the equivalent of high school, but for students that actually /want/ to be there, instead of whom are /required/ to be there. That, and sports distractions instead of academic pursuits, are the most grievous reasons 'High School' isn't fulfilling the role that '2 years of community college' is supposed to provide. It's easier for things that are written in broken ways that work best with Apache because that's the only platform they targeted. I choose not to smoke or drink my self. What others decide to do to themselves within a safe context that does not endanger my self or others is the business of the consenting adults involved as long as it is only them involved. I fully support legalizing, regulating, and taxing everything . Some things might be too dangerous to allow outside of carefully setup environments. There will of course be things that someone could come up with which shouldn't be allowed and obvious reasons for that. However there are vastly many things which are safe, or dangerous mostly because they are not legal, and may be interesting that are not presently legal in many places. Open book, large project 'tests'. Do the job, make the thing, etc. If you have to observe the process. Different meaning of 'time'. Why can't we have two scales of 'time', one for marking what we'd now call 'absolute time' (an arbitrary clock that is the same all over, E.G. UTC) and another for 'time of day' (in a given location); they should also be displayed uniquely so that it's not possible to confuse one with the other. Let's pick an arbitrary time. As a high tech society no longer ruled by sun dials we should instead make the start of the scale 'dawn' (on average). 'noon' would be at 25% of that scale, 'sunset' at 50%, midnight at 75% and 'dawn' again would be 100%/0% where it loops. I think 00 Monday might be good shorthand for 'dawn' Monday, though most would still say 'dawn Monday', however 10 Monday would be a good marker for when you might want to meet someone for your daily dose of caffeine. 40 through 60 might be when you'd prefer to eat dinner. This makes me want a Tesla. That company actually seems to hire qualified engineers given the failure modes it's had in the exceedingly rare cases of accidents that have thus far made the news. Agreed. As I see it there are two main design methods for overcoming this issue. The first is better for 'anonymous' services; require the client to send a packet of the same size as the buffer they want to receive. It's network in-efficient but for small requests better than the delay in setting up an actual session. It eliminates the chance of amplification attacks. The second is to establish /some/ kind of session. This might be as 'simple' as logging in, or it could just involve a few round trip communications that indicate the client /is/ listening to server replies. That eliminates every DDoS style except for a man in the middle capable amplification vectors; yet if MitM is possible then why bother with DDoS. How about just measure entropy based on some criteria (using things from different sets MIGHT count as entropy for each new unique set) and letting the end user decide what goes in to the password and how long it is? Think about what you've just said. How insecure is sending the password (hopefully over an HTTPS connection!) to a remote server? Those characters and stories were not (substantially) created by Disney though. Everyone else /should/ be able to make those same stories in similar media. Disney /really/ needs to be more proactive about using their brand name's trademark within advertising as the consumer protection measure as that is the intended to function of trademarks. That, BTW, is what is stopping others from making a Disney(tm)'s Mickey Mouse(tm) in steamboat willy(c, expired); and not stopping others from making a more generic 'mouse piloting a steam boat' movie. I would do, 30 years, in increments of 10 years. The first 10 'automatic' and registration not required. The two extensions requiring substantial (say a flat filing fee of 100 USD plus 1% per year from creation (per year) of proceeds on use/sales paid as a tax) payment, submission of a 'master copy' of the work (in the clear) and a clear and easily looked up way of determining if that work was in fact extended. Extension searches would, BTW, be free as the database of titles, authors, dates, etc would be public bibliographic information. It's 'fake' in the same sense that 'investing' in say, trading cards or some other good mostly backed by the interest of the public to buy it is. In fact, it's very much like stock for quantities of stock too small to have a meaningful impact on corporate operations. The short answer is yes; such operating systems are required to run Docker, LXC and other approaches which all utilize similar tools. I'm not that familliar with Docker but looking at http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Docker_%28software%29 it is built on the same resource isolation features as LXC which I am using on two of my test systems. The resource isolation features are, in fact, built on top of a large multi-user system, which happens to have powerful security context support and abstractions built in. The contained applications operate, from a userspace perspective, as if they are their own system when in reality their kernel is actually the host kernel and their users really virtually re-mapped to distinct accounts within the host kernel. It's worse over here in the US. At least in Europe the paper doesn't require a different shelf height when dealing with printed materials from 'across the pond'. I would find it ever so sensible if we would just let imperial measures die over here so we could end the pain of international business. Entering the address of 'all zeros' should probably transparently redirect to localhost. (If you're listening on all addresses, that should be the one; it should probably be treated as equivalent to a 302 redirect. (IE it should educate the user that the provided URI is being handled as localhost.)) I'd also like a shorter notation for 'this is not a search' I think ending a word in / is probably good enough for that? The difference is that 0.0.0.0 represents all addresses, while localhost is /one of/ those addresses. In response to the question of 'typical use', I think that it also depends on the context of birth control. There are types of birth control which are somewhat passive; they are renewed at a pre-defined interval which is not related to intercourse. Therefore, considering other types which are only necessary to be applied during the window of intercourse, 'normal use' might reasonably include times where that was the /plan/ but for which the users 'forgot'. I hadn't, looks like an hour of two of amusement. While there are some occasional good points that could be converted in to solutions, I can't help but think that this book is more amusement than actual constructive criticisms well packaged. It's easier if you think of it like a database NULL. There are only three possible outcomes. - Increase the death rate (war, disease, etc) - Establish an equilibrium and plan for a given number of living beings, preventing the formation of new ones until there are free resources. (Attempting to defy this will lead to the previous or next outcome.) - Expand in to new areas to provide more SPACE! Thank you. Adding the temporal domain and system states is what makes this easy to understand. At the time of selection you freeze the probability of the sets (as this is the macroscopic world and the implications of the state in the other rooms must have collapsed due to interactions with all sorts of radiation from the rest of the universe). Thus what you say is exactly correct. * T0 - {1/3} {1/3} {1/3} * T1 - {1/3 Your pick} {2/3 = {1/3} + {1/3}} * T2 - {1/3 Your pick} {2/3 = {0/3 Host Pick} {2/3 Remaining door}} This is an entirely valid point. The 'natural resources' that enable /easy/ development of civilization aren't anywhere near as common, if they even exist. What's necessary is a more adaptive approach and possibly some caches of resources that would be necessary to bootstrap once again; also a form of storage which won't degrade in just a few hundred years. It seems satire is lost on you. That seems optimistic. I'm in the category where I don't need ads, I need timely and well categorized (machine sortable; accurate) results for product requests that I have when I discern a need. I don't fell bad at all about running an adblocker because I would never have clicked on the ad to begin with (it also saves bandwidth and eyebleach); unobtrusive well placed and related text ads /might/ remind me of a need I had been meaning to fill. Don't people just sample the market to find out a brand that is to their tastes (performs as desired) and then keep buying it while the price is still of value? The average voter feels a burger/taco/burrito is tastier and 'American'. The average voter probably has also not had /good/ experiences with salads that are actually tasty for reasons other than bacon. (Can we PLEASE stop adding bacon to /everything/ (at least as a default?); some of us just don't like the smokey taste.) While I don't notice it because I, by default, deny all scripts. Minecraft is fun. However I'd clearly state that Minecraft, especially the early multi-player stuff that Notch worked on, /was/ a disaster. Only now, three numbering schemes later (alpha, beta, release), in release version 1.8, does the core game actually have features such as abstracting implementation IDs from object types (EG: now there is minecraft:glass to resolve instead of remembering decimal value 20. Though mods for r1.8 are only just beginning, so that scoping might not yet exist.) Fixing 5 requires the elimination of districts and restructuring across a popular vote. At the scale of the US Federal government, this would require some form of automation to help inform voters of which candidates are on their short list (given preferences they've expressed). Ideally this calculation could be performed on computing hardware that the end user owns and trusts (be that a cell phone, or a RISC-V system with a fully open stack from layout through firmware to OS; this BTW is the only type of hardware that I would consider to be audit-able for inclusion in an assisted /paper trail/ (for recounts and etc) instant tally at close voting system.) 'virtual stickers' == 'virtual scarcity' Many of the points seemed good and worthy of examining when considering policies locally, however that is one idea that I really think needs to die. Indeed, and now() is often good enough, if not better, as it represents the conditions at the time that the logic was executed. The author needs to examine carefully why a value is being updated so many times within a single transaction (first example provided), which by it's own nature is an atomic change (there's no reason to write the middle states to disk as it'll either commit or it won't). Second the author provides a multiple clients (writers) example. In this case if the ordering is important a LOCK is likely required; however it is more likely that consistency is required (in this case likely the psql specific functions). Which is a report on the report in which animals were harmed. Let us remember them as martyrs to science and the knowledge required to preserve many more intelligent lives in the future. The Forge and FML 'mods' are effectively the defacto modding API at this point. Sure, something official might be released, or maybe MS will do what Mojang should have done and somehow integrate this project in to the core; however at this point the modding community has momentum. As someone who's put an ed25519 key on github... I'm not actually sure (didn't verify). I also still have compatibility keys there, I merely installed it so that, opportunistically, it could be used when supported. Today, maybe not so much. However as we become a space-fairing species knowing the limits to which things must be designed (examples, blast shutters in films/anime and self-sealing blobs from scifi/anime) will help. Knowing the causes of death might also enable a better focus for pre/post treatment and medical research/supply staging. What, in your opinion, SHOULD he have done? Keeping in mind the contents of the very article we are commenting on. I think it would make a -lot- more sense for the banks to be open from 'just after lunch' until normal close time on the weekends, than 'why are we open this early' until lunch. The problem is entirely with how the 2008 bailouts were structured. There wasn't actually any market /correction/. I agree this seems reasonable and sane. However there are types of programs which aren't well covered by a test (demo) or set there of. Sometimes the program is being written to learn a value which is unknown, or for which a simplified example having success insufficiently tests the validity or scalability of the software. Tests in those cases may work at a unit level, but still provide insufficient insight in to the soundness of the overall results. To put this another way; as mentioned by the fence post example another poster above mentioned. If you label the fence posts with numbers, from 1 to N, the value at a given address along the length of the fence is the distance from the start of the fence. In this case 0 posts from the start is the value 1. What makes this confusing is the arbitrary choice of the value of the object at location 0. Dijkstra does a reasonable job of explaining why logically beginning numbering at 0 makes sense for the index/address, but does not reasonably explain that the fault in the logic of those whom would count an item is failing to use that logically derived index/address as the identity of the object. That is, the numeric id of the object at address 0 should also be 0, not 1, as many assume it should be based on the conventions that were instilled in basic education. The issue is also compounded by NIMBY people and clueless politicians preventing the construction of newer, safer, reactors and the correct operations of older ones until replacements are complete. A lot of those are actually just task specific business logic style applications in scripting languages (often python, sometimes perl, etc). In this case the 'library' is often the base programming language it's self, as the shipped parts are entirely glue and configuration. I too tried to test if it was only one pair that was significant. However I grew impatient and didn't try to come up with more tests when I thought I had a sufficient answer to explain my most vexing observation (negative, positive, positive out of combinations involving negative numbers). The observation to brainstorm for ways of proving that a statement is in fact wrong, and exhausting them, is such an eloquent way of wording the hunt for a negative. As someone a bit over 30; exactly this. The numbers do NOT add up and haven't at any point in my life. Then there's also the job stability issue as well; who wants to buy a house or start a family when you don't know you'll be somewhere for years? Also with many family units having two workers, what happens when one doesn't have a job? None of our social structures (including laws and tax incentives/disincentives) or market valuations reflect the necessary liquidity imposed by current job market. I happen to think that more nicely constructed MDUs are a good housing option (insulation could always be better). Sounds like that situation isn't going to change soon, and you should probably sell out earlier rather than later. Working within the constraints of a lower level language where it's difficult (you could use a struct, often in a typedef, but then all callers would need to unpack/work with it...) to return arbitrary tuples of data. Salmon makes for /very/ tasty sushi (I prefer the nigiri variety). Reversing the sides of the table does not make the 'game' fair. You did not read that wrong. The performance tanked because the working set now required a disk hit. Each, and every, query, required a disk hit. That many IOs/sec, irrespective of the size could be enough. About all I gleaned from reading it was a big list of reasons why 'RESTful' is bad, and that the main solution was to use HTTP(s) as purely a transport layer. What, exactly the 'solution' will look like depends on future posts... however https://xkcd.com/927/ (Standards) comes to mind. In my own observation, based on mostly the lower end Samsung SSDs (840/840 evo) in desktops and laptops at home and work, the SSDs I've been using (one even failed) appear to have problems reading back 'very stale' (year or two old) data. I've recently been backing them up, using the 'ATA security erase' (I'm doubtful this is really a security erase instead of 'factory re-trim' erase) command, and then restoring the backup. This appears to improve read performance, and I hope it also allows the drive to continue operating for it's intended lifetime. I hypothesized this might help after observing that magnetic hard disks also exhibited a recovery of read performance after a 'non-destructive write test' using the badblocks program. Indeed, that was my guess as well given the performance improvements re-writing the data. The facebook study also observes to another potential source for the performance variation. According to the paper on /some/ tested drives the presence of trimmed data (such as through OS updates/etc) could lead to more complicated re-mapping patterns and thus a longer tree search when finding the correct block to read. However that doesn't correlate well with the observed speed at which the backups were reading data over time. The read speed was highly variable; with an extremely slow initial portion that would likely correlate well to stable windows install files. First, the reason is because this whistle blowing was /necessary/ due to a /lack of oversight/ and to a lack of eventual release for that oversight to the public. Second, we don't know the number of potential documents, nor how they may have been divided among those to whom they were disseminated. Addressing the first point, it should take work and review, on an ongoing basis, to re-affirm the classification of that material. By default there should be a /reasonable/ and /short/ expiration time. If it costs too much to keep those secrets than that in and of it's self is a reason for not HAVING so many secrets to keep! The cost, otherwise, is to our freedoms; to the very liberty for which our government is supposed to be protecting. I'd argue that the unit liter was chosen as a nice power of 10 relation to a cubic meter (the obvious initial choice) as being the best for 'every day' common person transactions. Take a bottle of water, most commonly the sold sizes are 0.5 (about 16oz) and 1 liter bottles; a liter is also pretty close to a quart. As another example, it is common to find soda pop sold in bottles of 1, 2, and 3 liters (depending on the brand). Re parent: ~365.25 does not relate at all well to bases of 10, or much else. We can actually thank existing social patterns including religions for locking us in to a '7 day week' which is what many calendar systems try to promote. With (roughly) every 4 years also containing an extra day of correction (the solar orbital period is not quite 365.25 days) the concept of 'leap days' is necessary anyway. 360: 2 2 2 3 3 5 The IFC picks the 364 route, and puts the leap day in the middle of the printed year. The decision of where to put that date is pretty arbitrary, but probably based around a 'summer holiday'. 360 is 5 away from the closest integer orbital period of earth. Therefore 5 'extra days' (likely holidays) would need to be added. 5 is also a factor. It would either make sense to have an extra 5 day period as one long holiday set, or an extra holiday spread out through the year 5 times, though arguments for otherwise could be made. 7 and 360 get along poorly though. We'd probably also want to keep '12 months' for sanity/existing contractual structures (esp since we can't be in units of 10), and having 'months' close to current months seems to be an advantage. Taking 2 * 2 * 3 out of the factor set, we're left with 2 * 3 * 5 for each month. Stepping aside for a moment, let's examine a 'perfect' 28 day month in the IFC/current calendars. 2/7ths (0.285714) of the time is 'weekend' time. I'd propose a 10 day 'week' in the new time, I also think 2 days in a row off of work is advantageous, and I think that this time should be time 'normal workers' can expect to share off. I think that this number might actually grow over time as we increasingly approach a more Utopian society based around automation and abundance. The 10 day 'week' would begin with the following structure. * 2 days of work * 4 day period of 3/4th work (on each of these days about 1/4th of workers would have an 'erands' day) * 2 days of work * 2 days off work - weekend On this schedule half the workers would get a 2+5 or 5+2 and the other half would get 3+4 or 4+3; all workers on a 'standard' shift would also see 0.3 weekend time, a slight increase. The extra 5 holiday days could either be divided somehow over the year, or used up all at once as a burst half-week holiday. The necessary leap year correction would be added to one of those periods as a holiday as well. Since this is another example of a 'standards proposal', someone must have thought of this before... https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/French_Republican_Calendar This link seems to do a decent job of discussing some of the other aspects of converting to a 10 day calendar (many of which also exist for the IFC) http://www.scientificamerican.com/article/is-it-time-to-over... This type of news reminds me of that scene from the first (live action) Transformers movie where the girl hacker is telling the three-letter suit types that they need to be thinking in a whole other level of technology in order to understand their adversary. I suppose though, that this means if you have /critical/ security things it really just means you need to have the kind of physical security you hear about in scifi and fictional spy game settings. Not just plain airgaps, but proper Faraday cages, and even vibration dampening (for servers too, not just 'meeting rooms'). Probably even thermal regulation so that there's always /consistent/ output. The article mentions a comparison of spending and effect on outcome. Establishing that there seems to be a decided minimum effort required to educate a child to any degree; but that past that point there are examples of other countries having /more/ success with less funding spent (than the US). I think more granularity of data in that statistic would be useful; is this money actually being spent on the child or is it instead being squandered within a bureaucratic structure? Or does some externality that is a cost in one model but not the other left out of view? Why I drive to work and don't take the bus: * The bus still takes longer (2-3 times as long) This might change, but only if normal traffic gets worse. * Loss of freedom I have the option of visiting friends/family in other locations if I drive. Loss of freedom is also related to the very poor intra-networking; the entire transit system in the area is designed as a star pattern for getting workers to the city. * Commuting in a carpool is hard when you aren't a shift worker: your hours and those of other workers aren't the same, you might not even have multiple workers from the same area at a small company. * Commuting in a carpool is hard when you aren't a full time worker: (I don't have this problem, but friends do) if your hours aren't consistent or you might be called in at a moment's notice. I think the answer to all of this is flexible pooled transit. Probably an extension of what we know of today as taxi/ubur; but much more Johnny Cab (80's Total Recall). I think you're not thinking critically enough in interpreting what he had said. More or less, he had said 'I felt it was unhealthy 7 years in advance'. The actual 'prediction' was only a year or two from the event in question; 'the market didn't make sense' and reacting to that.