Hi guys, this is Simone Brunozzi, the "new hire" at Amazon.com. Second Life is not the new holy grail, I just said that it was a key factor for me. Second Life is still in its infancy, and it's useful only in specific situations. I consider evangelists very important for an organization such as Amazon. They don't have an explicit position on Second Life, though. Best, Hi Spyrosk, the videos will be available shortly. If you want to get updated, send me an email (you find the contacts on my Twitter page, @simon). Best, Simone Thanks, evilswan. Do you have any feedback on how to improve it? I will shortly release a video version of it. Best, Simone Yannis, which service would you like to see covered this way? If multiple ones, which one should have the priority? Best, Simone (T: @simon) The video is now available here: http://slidesha.re/qefqHn (about 35 minutes) Best regards, Simone Since you need money quickly, this is what I suggest: 1) Sell your stuff on Ebay or Craigslist or similar. 2) Find temporary work for a company that pays decent money (Lyft, Uber, TaskRabbit, Mechanical Turk, etc). 3) My favorite: call a good friend, tell them that you need 2k within a few weeks, and offer a written payback promise. This way your friend will not feel in a too awkward situation, and you'll be able to give him his money back. Ask for a 4-month deadline payment, and offer interest (let's say 60 dollars?). If he's a friend, he'll help. If your friend is able/willing to give you only 1k, accept it. And find another friend who will lend the other 1k. It's doable, and there's nothing to be ashamed of. Then find some meaningful ways to repay that debt. Good luck. Hope it goes well. Before thinking about enhancing tranportation, we should ask ourselves IF we need to travel more. In the last five years I took 500 flights (all on economy class except for two), and I also took about 100 train rides. For "short" trips ( Sometimes I see random acts of kindness (like yours), and they still surprise me. I bet every one of us did a few, and received a few. Sown, you should go! Matt, you rock!!!! LOL! Interesting! My view is that "how to teach" is way more difficult, and therefore important, than simple subject knowledge. I can find dozens of very expert Developers, willing to teach for a good salary. However, rarely these people have the skills to teach effectively. Can you tell us more about why Jeff is great at teaching? Examples? Great job, Jeff! Any specific reason why you need this? Can you explain the use case? The article is quite nice, but I have to say that there's nothing surprising. I found it a bit shallow. Also, it would have been nice to change the title into "3 things we have done right so far AT OUR STARTUP". Cheers, Me too, more or less. Sad. Good point. I think that if the "mother" company can fund the startups, without getting in the way, and accept a reasonable equity, then it's a good formula for success. I'm sorry to hear this. I love my dad, who is still alive, and I think I should try to spend more good time with him, now that we live far away. My sympathy to you, Notch. Agree with you, $crazygringo. Most of the time, when people talk about it: Europe = DE, FR, sometimes UK, more rarely IT/CH/AT and scandinavian countries. Asia = "chinese" Asia, which is China and South East Asia. South America = Brazil This is a good thing, but having known Canonical and Ubuntu since the start (2004), I would really love to see them succeed in the desktop market first. This initiative will de-focus their efforts. I admire them, and wish them good luck anyway. Nice initiative. A pity I won't be in town. It would be nice if you could post some videos after the event. Good luck! This is super cool, Tom! Good luck :) The slides are awesome! Great work. I also like speakerdeck a lot. This is an amazing methaphor. :) It seems like a simple but nice idea. Good luck! I just signed up :) What would be the best way to play DF on a not-so-powerful machine? It seems that rendering the ASCII art is a serious CPU dwell... Nice job guys! Good luck! Good luck! LOL! You're abs right :) I know I'm almost OT, but let's consider for a moment the topic of "tipping taxi drivers". I find it completely unfair to tip cab drivers, and yet, they give it for granted it all to time. The couple of times I tipped less then expected I had to meet angry reactions. Wow, even the "1000 limited edition poster prints". Crazy. I remember it when it came out. It was a success because of media attention. It sparkled a "gold rush" to buy these pixels while they lasted. Sometimes people do crazy things. :) That's actually cool. I am from Italy (Umbria), and I can appreciate why you do it. In which area are you doing it? Just curious. Great story! Very smart. I was just thinking about it. I think there would be a tough competition on being the ugliest. I challenge you! :) Amen. Finally. I keep seeing too many "social" ones, they grab all the attention. Where are the others? LOL :) I tend to agree with you, even if I am no expert. I am copying this from a recent blog post that I've written. Hopefully it's good advice. Let me know what you think. 3) What did I learn? Now you might want to ask: after 500 talks, presentations, keynotes and the like, what did I learn? Many things, among which: 3.1) Somebody in the audience is smarter than you: no matter how smart, focused, sharp you are, you’ll always find someone who is smarter, more prepared, more skilled. Which means: be humble, and if you don’t know something, just say so. People don’t pretend that you know everything; they just want you to be honest. 3.2) Slides are only a small part of a presentation: you present to inspire, and possibly to provide knowledge and details. Slides are not the main part… The most important part is telling a story, involving people, showing passion, making things memorable. 3.3) Always be listening. I mean it. Even when you’re on stage, speaking. Don’t just listen to WORDS. Listen to feelings as well. I’ll tell you a little story to explain this point. Late 2009. I was in France, and I was the last speaker before lunch. I was supposed to speak at 12:30, for about 30 minutes. However, previous speakers took more time than expected, and one of the big sponsors pretended to have their CEO speak before me, unplanned, for more than 20 minutes, reading some text the entire time. READING. No slides, no interpretation. Why didn’t he simply email all of us, instead? His message was very boring, very corporate, full of vaporware. His last words were about how customer-obsessed his company was. He was using people’s time as he pleased, without even thinking about their needs. When it was my turn, it was already 13:00, and people really wanted to go to lunch. I was angry. I was in a difficult situation. I introduced myself, and then told the audience: “My talk was planned to be 30 minutes long. However, we are late, and you are hungry. I’ll cut my talk down to 15 minutes, and then we all go to lunch at 13:15. This is what I call customer obsession.” Big round of applauses. The crowd was mine. So, the lesson is: if you want to deliver a message, the length of the message doesn’t count. Other things count. Or, if you want to be a Technology Evangelist, don’t FORCE the message to your crowd. Use empathy. 3.4) Get inspired. I have amazing colleagues that inspire me every day. Our CTO, Werner Vogels, is one of the best public speaker I’ve ever seen, perhaps second only to my all-time favorite, Matt Wood (a rare combination of intelligence, humility, knowledge and a collection of PhDs), who recently moved to a new role, Chief Data Scientist. Our most senior Evangelist, Jeff Barr, is a walking encyclopaedia on all things AWS. Jinesh Varia is a talented, super-smart producer of high quality content, and a good presenter too. And there are other colleagues (like Simon Elisha) which, despite not strictly being Technology Evangelists, are amazing speakers nevertheless. There are also a lot of amazing Technology Evangelists out there, not just within the Amazon Web Services team. I loved reading Kenneth Reitz’s blog post about his experience at Heroku. So the lesson here is: get inspired, as much as possible. Never stop learning and improving. 3.5) I’ve mentioned above that “It doesn’t necessarily make sense to travel like this, though”. In fact, after 500 talks, I think that I should focus on quality, rather than quantity. Let me be more clear. At the beginning, you should do as many talks as possible, simply because you learn a lot, and you mostly learn by doing. After a while (500 is enough, but also 200 would be enough), you will notice that you’re not improving so much anymore. It’s time for you to start focusing on quality. Quality, in this case, means committing your time and energy to events that matter. It could be a small user group, or a huge conference, but as long as it matters, it’s ok. It will actually be easier for me now, since I am focused on the Bay area, and therefore travelling time is not as much as it used to be… Which means I can afford to do more events, while keeping the “quality” high. 3.6) You’re a public figure representing your company, learn how to deal with it. This was a tough one to learn, and I admit it wasn’t easy for me, but eventually I’ve learned it the hard way. Different companies might have different policies, but in most cases you are not “just one employee”, whatever you do online or in public matters a lot. Ah, and by the way: Opinions expressed here are my own and do not necessarily represent those of current or past employers. Just in case. Source: http://www.brunozzi.com/2013/01/04/500-times-on-stage/ Only 50-100? I would go as far as 200! :) Yes (I lived in Singapore for 2.5 years) but they go quite slow. Top speed of the most recent, unmanned MRT (yellow line) is about 65 Km/h. Did you try: https://chrome.google.com/webstore/detail/script-blocker/edk... How do you compare them? Yes. Italy: Stefano Quintarelli, MS in Computer Science, he brought internet in Italy in the early 90s, then sold i.NET and founded a few startups. One of the smartest and most brilliant people on the planet. He now sits in parliament. Unfortunately, he had a bad car accident a few months ago and he's still recovering. Agree, I had to stop ScriptSafe in order to be able to scroll. Surprising how many things use JS nowadays. I would bet that PG will not respond to this one. The "excess capacity" is a pure myth. When AWS started, it was using a set of Data Centers which had nothing to do with Amazon.com (the Retail part of it). Now Amazon.com is just another (big) customer of AWS. Disclaimer: I work for AWS. Can you elaborate? I'd be glad to hear your thoughts on this. (I am a foreigner and certain things can escape the little I know about US). Hi dhrp, I assume you work for Dotcloud? Nice job so far. Where do you see this heading to? What's your view of what will happen in the virtualization world? Best, Protectionism has never worked well. The reason why they call your name is because Schultz, inspired by the "bar" in Milan in the early 1980's, wanted people to believe they had a barista friend. Note that "bar" in Italy has roughly the same meaning as "cafe" in the US. In Italy, then and now, most bars have regular customers, and they get to know each other's name. When I moved to Singapore a few years ago, I started drinking my coffee at a local "Segafredo", and had to teach to the baristas to call me by name whenever I entered. For a few months, they would say "Buongiorno Mr. Simone" to me only. I also had to teach them how to do a proper espresso. They were clueless. (I was a barista in my twenties). One day I hear "Buongiorno Mr. Giovanni", and I immediately knew it was another Italian. He also did the same, had to teach them to call him by name, and how to do a proper espresso. Funny. My name is Simone. Try to guess how often my name is pronounced in the wrong way. (hint: it's probably more than 99%). :) I agree. He's a remarkable man. Not sure he's powerful enough to win the race for US President. "their stuff is shit, and your shit is stuff". LOL. The article seems legit, and the criticism too. However, I don't want to focus on the technical details, for once. I'd like you to notice two things: 1) A lot of people are talking about Hyperloop; Dr. Drang, even if he doesn't want to, is ALREADY contributing to the project. These notes will be treasured by whoever will try to build it eventually. 2) This seems to be a very smart strategy (no surprise, given this is Elon Musk himself) to make Hyperloop popular and break existing barriers to execution. These barriers could be: investors' skepticism, Government scarce interest, or else. Well played, Mr. Musk. One more thing: I admire Elon Musk, and have no doubts about his intelligence, ability of execution, reputation. However, let's not forget that he does it for money too. This approach is also a very SMART way to get a ton of free work, and thousands of individuals who would happily work on the Hyperloop (thus, lower wages, as there is more offer). Again, well played. "treasured", in the sense that everything that comes out of the discussion (not just this SPECIFIC critique) will benefit whoever is going to implement it. Some things will be trivial, like you suggest, but others won't. Worth a PG essay, for sure. This is great. They should use these for the new Teslas. Timeo danaos et dona ferentes. http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Timeo_Danaos_et_dona_ferentes 100% agree, that's the same feeling that I have. However, I am not sure what would have happened if I had remained in my little town in Italy. Perhaps it's hard as well, no matter if you move around or not. Matteo, thanks for your thoughts. As always, deep and great. What surprises me is that there is so much written about flirting, courting, having a successful relationship or marriage, and so on, and so little about friendship (I am referring to things of value. Otherwise, plenty of trash around). On one side, everybody wishes he/she had more friends. On the other, it seems so hard to keep friendships, to nurture them, to let them survive moves, changes of habit, etc. Also, after moving, it seems that I am always the one that needs to search for my friends, to call them, to email them, to tell them that I'm back and want to meet. Very few of them, and not often, want to know how's life in Luxembourg, in Singapore, in San Francisco, or watch pictures, or listen to me telling them stories. Strange. After a while, you start thinking "I shouldn't be putting so much effort to keep it alive. Let it be.", and then they start fading away. Although, I agree with you, the strongest ones really stay pretty much the same through the years... Unless you change too much, which is what I believe is happening to me, and might happen to people that travel and move too much. Very well done, Solomon. I really admire what dotCloud is doing in this space. Cheers, I'm Italian and I think I know something about good food: trust me, there are only exceptions in San Francisco. Most food is crap, or just average. And ALWAYS overpriced. Take the "trendy" places: Flour + Water, Farina, Cocina, etc. If you go there, you will hear Americans shouting "Sooo good! Delicious! Amazing! Soo tasty!", etc. Reality is that if you take any random restaurant or trattoria in Rome, chances are you will eat something AMAZINGLY superior, for 1/3 or 1/4 of the cost. (then there are some tourist traps, and they don't count, of course. They're just a scam). My 0.02. Same question here. I am 36 years old now; when I was 8, upon returning from school, I told my father: "Dad, the teacher has taught us about bees. I want bees.". He knew how stubborn I was, and in fact 2 months later we had our first beehive. I've been helping him beekeeping for the next 15 years or so, and have learned A LOT about bees. We harvested several types of honey. "millefiori" (thousand flowers, or "generic" honey), "castagno" (chestnut), "eucalipto" (eucalyptus), and of course "pappa reale" (royal jelly). In 1999, during my military service, I came back to the barracks from home, bringing chestnut honey, my all time favorite, and "pecorino" cheese. Try to eat them together, and you will understand what flavor really is. Amazing. Bees are fascinating creatures (I know, I should have said insects). Taking care of them, for months, until the "smielatura" (honey harvest) comes, is an incredible experience for a young kid. The main thing I've learned from this is respect for nature, for others. (not to claim that I'm a saint of anything, but I'm pretty sure that the "nice" part of me has a lot to do with beekeeping.). It's also an amazing bonding experience for a father and his son. If you have any chance, I'd suggest you buy a couple of beehives, and start spending time with them. It's relaxing, interesting, challenging sometimes. 100% worth it. There's an Italian company called ForiniCom that built its own devices; they are around 40-50$ to produce, but they truly provide a Mesh network. Unfortunately it's only in Italian: http://com-com.it/ I know they are managing more than 4,000 nodes now, and it works great. I also know that offering a service like this is hard. A kickstarter campaign sometimes makes things look too easy. What's Steve Wozniak's email? LOL! Well done indeed! :) Pretty cool to see that after 16 years in office, an "hostile takeover" (e.g. invasion) took out his employer - Lots of parallels with today's world. :) This is a 13-minute demo of AWS Opsworks (I am the author, and I work for AWS): https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=2_TtiSJSbHo&feature=youtu.be I hope you'll find it useful. Best. Commenter. Ever. You rock. I understand your point, but I have a different view. Sometimes there are MANY comments on a thread, and looking at the Karma can help you decide which comment you want to take a look at. Besides, it would be nice to test this feature and see how it works, no? And I disagree. In real life, if someone important or influential says something, you are MORE impressed. This should be reflected in HN as well. As said on another comment, I would love to see this feature be tested for a few days, and see what people think. Thanks for clarification; I already had a pretty good idea of how this worked. I still believe that we should map what happens in real life, which is: "if someone influential says something, you listen more carefully". Do you think this makes sense on HN? sp332, it seems that I cannot nest another comment again. Don't you think that your conclusion means that the Karma system on HN is fundamentally flawed? :D Hey Daniel, good points. I agree that when there are MULTIPLE English speakers in the group, it's almost impossible to slow them down. I also agree that it's unlikely to be arrogance in that case. Perhaps I was mostly referring to one-to-one communications. I think there's something specific to English though, especially the pronunciation part. As an example, I have heard multiple times from Japanese and Russians that learning how to pronounce Italian is quite simple for them; I also was often in situations where Italians were thought to be Russians because of the way they would pronounce English. This means that some languages are easier than others, and I still think that English is not that great from this point of view. Hey solve, I think that pidgin are easier than English, and this is why: they are intended to use in a very simple and effective way. A full language, like English, has much more complex phrasing. Exactly. I am making a more general point, while Paul Graham was just specifically talking about startup CEOs. By the way, this is probably why some people found his post xenophobic: they thought he was expressing a judgement on people with accents; he just wanted to say something to help startup CEOs with strong accents. I don't understand your point. I am not a linguist, but in my humble opinion, pidgin doesn't measure how far two languages are; it rather is the semplification of a language (e.g. Latin, or Italian) in order to make it easier to understand and speak by non natives. Please tell me what your point was, as I don't know what to answer :) lazyjones, you are right. It's not a statement of fact. Let me rephrase by saying that "if you have a strong accent, you are more likely to perform poorly as the CEO of a startup that does business in the US". Exactly! I agree, it's a bit confusing. Another hopefully interesting discussion on another HN thread here (Accents, English, Arrogance, Success): https://news.ycombinator.com/item?id=6316826 (disclaimer: I am the author of the original article) Ah, I didn't know it. Very interesting. Thanks for sharing it. Very interesting!! I actually had some of these experiences when I was based in Asia. I agree, and I understand. Thanks! Can you tell us a bit more about Sococo? And/or any other good alternative? Would it be practical to use them? WildUtah, thanks for the details. Very useful and interesting. So, I was right in thinking that pronouncing English is harder than, say, Italian or Japanese. Unfortunately, written Japanese is super hard IMHO, or most non-western alphabets. Simone Hi there! Expressing deep thoughts or emotions in a foreign language can be very hard, especially if there are cultural differences. (try mediterranean cultures and Anglo-saxon ones, for instance). However, we are referring to a business/technical discussion in this case. There are similarities to other types of discussions, but I think there are also specific rules that don't apply to, say, conversations between a Dutch and an Australian couple :) Simone Well done! Good to hear this feedback. I work for AWS; I will pass this to the team. Feel free to shoot me an email: simone attt amazon do0tcom if you have more comments. Thanks! Rents are a result of demand and offer. San Francisco has seen an incredible raise in rent costs, because more and more people (with money, evidently) want to move to SF (from elsewhere in the country, or from the South Bay). I think this is a good thing. Let me explain. 1) You can think that there are hundreds of OTHER things worth pursuing, instead of spending time on a project that is very hard to complete, expensive, and benefits (initially) only a small fraction of the world's population. Myself, I'd rather improve public trasportation in both SF and LA, instead of focusing on the Hyperloop. But there are people willing to spend some time to tinker with the idea. Let them do it. 2) They might not be successful, but they are sparking a discussion on transportation, technology, and government. Having a discussion is healthy, and needed. Good luck! I think you wanted to say "on an EC2 machine", instead of "dedicated machine". Otherwise, people might think you're referring to physical hardware. I just want to say that as soon as I opened this page, and started reading tokenadult's comment (without noticing the author), I thought: this should be tokenadult. And I was right!!! I have read this same thing a few days ago, and today I have experienced it for the first time. And of course I mean a lot of good things by saying this. Kudos. I knew Second Life very well. In 2007, I built a perfect replica of the Basilica of Saint Francis of Assisi [1], met with Philip Rosedale in San Francisco, and almost cried when he told me: "This is the most beautiful building I've ever seen in Second Life.". I was very critical of Second Life at the time: I thought that most people were using it in the wrong way, and that the "gold rush" would soon bring problems. However, I've been lucky: I found my job through Second Life. You can read the story here. [2] [1]: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=JE282TzLH3M [2]: http://www.brunozzi.com/2008/05/22/how-i-got-hired-by-amazon... Almost 100% OT: I will visit NYC with my wife next month. It's my 12th or so time, but her FIRST! I would love to give her an experience like this, with a real person walking us through Brooklyn, East Village, etc. What should I do to make it happen? Paul, I've read Hackers and Painters, and you can't imagine how HAPPY I am that you've been in Florence, and have been influenced by what you saw there. I love, love the fact that (at least in words) there is a care for beauty, for design. I am a geek and a hacker at heart, but I also love when something is crafted beautifully. I think "The lives of others" was a great movie. I'd recommend it. This is a great story for the simple reason that ODesk was able to find a very effective way to "test" candidates, without going through the boring, repetitive, outdated task of checking the resume, doing phone interviews, etc. Well done, and congratulations for your job. I hope that many companies will be inspired by this post. "it is easier to accumulate a lot of money if you are soulless" Interesting point. I believe it to be true, but haven't found any proof or good evidence. Any help? Why did Khosla Ventures sued TheFunded? Is TheFunded = Founder Institute?