My favorite current series is "The stormlight archive". The world building is very good. I once seen one used in risk evaluation for line of credits From my perspective (not an American, but an Haitian) I think it's based on how much you trust the well meaning of the person behind it. The current social climate is very charged from an outside perspective as privilege is perceived being tied down to ethnicity (For us it is wealth which was correlated to skin color, but not so much nowadays). Our own translation 'nèg' is pretty much synonym to person or dude. and it is widely used. But it does not have much connotation to the actual skin color of the person or his physical appearance. But it is still very uncomfortable to hear the French 'nègre' as this has a widely demeaning connotation (French colonization and slavery). And I think that is why the actual restriction took place. If you're black and say the N word, it is unlikely to be demeaning, but if you're caucasian, there is a lot of past events that is not in your favor. P.S. not a native English speaker. I started using Dropbox paper for these. JIC I need to collaborate on one. I'm always confused by this one. Every hardware company has a monopoly on their stuff. Sony with their PlayStation is a prime example of this. I've never seen anyone says they want to run their own game on it. A lot of people here in my country would say no, that you're wrong. No mobile device for anything, physical presence and cash rule here. Finding good clients is also equally hard 45 minutes is the best for me. Long enough to get in the flow and short enough to not be lost in the flow. I did transition 2 years ago as I got a mac from my job and I was in mobile development. Within a few days I got productive with it although it took more than a year to accept "the mac way". My arch linux was fully customized with i3 and the like. I still miss tiling window manager this day. For me speed reading is more about building a mental model of what I'm currently reading. I was just a reading a light novel (very light reading) and I could skip over entire pages, because when you have that mental scene, skipping pages is like taking off your eyes of a movie for a few moments. You can easily recreate the missing context or read the parts over (akin to asking what you missed). I mostly do this for fiction book, as non-fiction are sometimes too dense to do this. Another trick is to focus on a specific word. Some words I can recognize with the corner of my eyes, I could say. Which means you predict what comes after, and you skip over it and focus on the next word you don't recognize. You go back if what you're predicted don't make sense to what you're currently reading. All of this is just for skimming. I don't read fiction to remember quotes and the likes, so I used it quite a lot there. I can read 2 or 3 books a day that way. While I can remember the majority of the story, I couldn't quote a single part of it. For serious books, I read more carefully, and I revert to subvocalizing, but I'm often done with the sentence with my eyes (using my short term memory) before I even subvocalize the first three words. So it's not really a hindrance, although I have found myself needing to reread a specific part as I otfen speed read over it. Pretty much this. Even if you lock down devices inside your house, they could have friends with looser rules to let them do whatever. It's best to teach them proper behavior than try to enforce them. I only use a few open tabs (3 on my mbp and 4 on my ipad). I only open tab with a specific goal in mind and close it as soon as I’m done. I started with XP with a pentium 2 then move to a pentium 4. It ran perfectly on both. It started even faster than my Linux Mint installation. They were in the start menu. Ads for software and games. There was that candy crush saga game for ages. I do a 6 too. And I can do all kind of imaginary stuff with that red star. Reading a book for me is basically the same as watching a movie. Every scene plays in 3D in my head. Every single scene. Which is why I don't read horror stuff. Too scary. English Tell that to my friends whose main softwares are chrome, office and vlc. Here in Haiti, it’s the electricity issue. If you’re lucky you can get electricity for 6 hour a day. In the middle of the night. That’s why people prefer portable stuff, because you can easily charge them somewhere else (in my native town, there are people that have setup charging stations with batteries and inverter). I once had to learn Perl to implement an algorithm for a proof of concept. It was weird as I was only used to C like programming (and a little bit of assembly) I'm currently using a mac mini 2011 that I got from free from work (it did not support newer xcode and mojave). I'm the only user and have Lychee, Jellyfin, Syncthing on it. Everytime I buy something (usually from Amazon US to Haiti), I had to review several products just to be sure I don't end up with a crap one. You have to buy the expensive one because of the better build quality. I have an two Sennheiser headphones that are still going strong (one is a renewed product) while my friends buying cheaper headphones have already spent more than me. I’d say trying to make a PWA with Push Notifications on iOS. Don’t you think that notifications and all the associated things are what pushing people to iOS? I just export my own website[0] from Bear.app [0]: https://hescaide.me/ The housing situation here is terrible and so fustrating. Due to how often little boys dirty their clothes a lot of them, especially in poor neighborhoods, go naked. And yes, no one bats an eye. Yesterday, I was debugging some code. I had 3 macvim windows, 3 iterm tabs, firefox and the simulator open. That’s just in one space. The others were general browsing, communication and media. As most as I love my iPad, it only works great for single and focused task (note taking, researching, video meeting, drawing,…) In French, it’s faster to say « Cent treize » than « Un, Un, Trois ». Phone numbers in my country are grouped by two. I barely have released the return key after typing mvim and the macvim window is already there. Even Sublime is not that fast. All of the areas you mentioned are heavily regulated. And do GPS require internet connection ? I heard you cannot remove the seatbelt. I can say there is only one or two in Haiti. There are a few fast food, but most people cook at home or only buy dinner out. Reading (mostly SF and Fantasy) Drawing (on an ipad air as buying art supplies is tiring and I’m not that good) I think it’s one of the standard architecture for games. You can do ECS or hierarchical objects any times you need to build a lot of similar objects. It was a long road. I was always interested in crafting things and a curious child. My father has many books and I got interested in the ones about tech and such. But what really helps me is being capable of understanding the theory without the practice. We didn’t have any computer or access to the internet, but I was able to retain a lot of informations from my reading. The actual path started when they bought a laptop for my brother for the university. It came with Windows 2000 and we paid a guy to install XP on it. I quickly became friends with him and learn how to install Windows myself and all the things that it entails. So when one of my close friend had his own laptop, I was mostly the one tinkering with it as I was the “computer expert” in the neighborhood. Then I stumbled into Blender (I was interested in visual arts) then Python after I learnt about the Blender Game Engine. One of the forums that did help me was “Le site du zero”. I was not that good in english and it was one of the best French forums for beginner. I learned Python, then C with their programs. Another good forums was “Comment Ca Marche.net”. They had this program that was basically a wiki with an overview of all the major aspects of computer science. I went to do an electronic engineering degree. But the major time was spent learning more about computers, programming languages, and software engineering. I volunteered for a few projects (one of them got me a personal laptop). But my first paying job was through a friend and with that I realized that I could do it part time to earn some good money. That’s when I signed on Upwork and since then, I’ve worked on several projects that earned me more money than I could have made locally. The journey was more eventful than that, but I think that captures the gist of it. I’m still working as a freelancer. It can get a little bit lonely (I work from home) but I don’t mind as the country is not that stable (I live in Haiti). Streak. It was cheap and a one time purchase and I quite like the design. I also use Things for specific and granular tasks. I’ve also tried the morning/evening routine. It felt too stiff for me. Now I just write what happened during the day and how I feel about it. I write it in English for practice. It’s like letting go of the day’s emotional charge. I discovered linux through a couple of books (mostly about security) in 2008/2009. Then I downloaded linux mint (The gnome version). The only thing I recalled is how beautiful it was, all grey instead of the light beige and green of Windows XP. It felt like soft rubber button and XP felt like the clicky ones. And so many options. I spent days customizing KDE UltraSeedBox (Crappy Internet where I live) - Spotify - Infuse Pro - iCloud I paid yearly for the following: Bear - Drafts - PDF Viewer - 1Password - Playstation Plus - Banktivity - Email and Domains I live in Haiti and people here will readily buy a used Samsung phone for about $100 or a cheap Chinese one for less. Used iPhones can go for $300 or more. iPhone penetration is very low and most people only have the 6 and 7 one. Relevant article: https://www.oreilly.com/radar/thinking-about-glue/ Goodreads https://hescaide.me/ Works better than a resume if you're already communicating with a potential client. Also better when you want friends to refer you. Just don't. It's not worth it. Pretend it was cancelled Namecheap Private Email I don't think the metrics is always speed. I think it is efficiency (quality_of_work.hour). Same thing here. I'm on the iPhone 8 with a 83% battery capacity, and the upgrade would be big as you say. You have to speak it to be more confident. I’ve learned English on my own through books. But until I got my first gig and actively communicating with the client, the speaking part was subpar. You will quickly realize that you only use a small subset most of the time. And native speakers are very patient and helpful if you don’t know how to pronounce a word. N.B. (Speak Haitian Creole and French natively, speak English well and can survive on my own in a Spanish speaking country) I used a cheap silicone case because of the glass (iPhone 8). Without it, the phone just slide on almost anything. Non-Apple one? Things, Bear, Reeder, iA Writer and Doppler. Haiti here. WhatsApp took off because SMS was still not free and the providers were rent seeking. It was either send 10 sms or have 50mb for exchanging messages. People even got to learn how to share the binary when their Play store got outdated. Phone call is still used a lot because 3g networks reception varies and people still buy feature phones. But SMS is gone and a lot of people disabled notifications for it as it’s only used for ads by the provider (and it was a big issue with the government tried to run health campaigns there). The next one is telegram for movies and TV shows sharing (no theater here). So yeah, WhatsApp has a lot of appeal here and no one care about privacy. I’m the same. When I’m reading, it’s more like a silent with blurred shapes than me speaking in my head. A few friends say they can’t read subtitles while watching a movie. For me, they’re just an overlay to the scene until I grasp the meaning, kinda like you realized: This is a square and this is a circle. It makes reading more enjoyable as it feels like you’re in an holographic projection, but that can make some scenes quite disturbing. Me, smiling in Caribbean Are you asking for 3D specifically (based on the example you provide). I'm not a professional, but I'm learning digital painting. I use procreate on the iPad (It's way easier than connecting the graphic tablet to my computer) and I've made some good progress recently. I learned a bit about 3D, but did not really pursue as I got interested in programming instead. Yeah. It depends on the canvas size itself. I have the ipad air and 4000x4000px gives me 27 layers. But layer management is not the greatest thing on procreate and I rarely go over 6 Same, I have a bunch of games like Nier: Automata, Hellblade: Senua’s Sacrifice, Bloodborne, Control and I found that I can only play them on the weekend. After work, I can only play game like Dirt Rally, Trials Fusion and Apex Legends’ Arena. Where you don’t have to strategize that much and only rely on learnt reflexes. Anything that requires decisions or deciphering clues is impossible. I have a 2015 MBP but I rarely use it now. It was overheating and the battery swelled up (I’ve replaced the battery since). Now, I’m using the M1 mac mini as I freelance and no longer go to a coworking space. I have a 27 inch dell monitor (I don’t really like dual monitor), the Keyboardio Atreus (slightly wider space between the wrists and thumbs pressing shift and enter keys) and a trackball. Works fine for me as I do Web and Mobile development. I have a 2015 MBP and Docker performance was so bad that it was better to install Virtual box and set up a Linux VM, then run Docker inside it. Now I use a M1 Mac Mini and it is somewhat decent (Linux is still better though). But I've only used docker for very small infrastructures, so your experience may vary. I've been holding on buying a new laptop for a year now. I realized that I never work outside my home office and I have an iPad (with a keyboard) that I use for reading, light browsing and writing stuff. I'm only interested in a laptop as a backup (if I travel or need to work outside of the house). The M1 Mac Mini is plenty for my work (Web and mobile app development). When you get better at this kind of technically challenging game, there is a kind of flow that happens when you try to get better at previous challenge. The thinking is very minimal as you are only observing where you can improve. And it's a good feeling when you have indeed improved. Another thing I don’t like is managers sending you a notification for a meeting in 30 minutes, which throws your concentration out of the windows. Then finding out the reason of the meeting was because they have not read your status report. Or something that could have been answered in a couple of slack messages. And then it’s already 4pm and your work day ends at 5pm. Nice, but not required. I can share a joke fine over a phone call. Powerpoint is a Microsoft product. A better comparison would be Keynote Cry in Haiti If you want to know immediately, ask me. If not, I guess a good indication would be the slack channel for the team (I'm working remotely), or the JIRA board update. I don’t think it’s the interruption. I work from home and I got interrupted all day, from family asking me something to teammate asking for my help and sometime joining a call. It’s the context switch that is bad. You can hold off most interruption to try to complete your current train of thought (like give me 15 minutes to complete this and I’ll get back to you). But when you have something that is mandatory, you avoid going into any deep work like a debugging session or architecting a new feature. And most of the time the standup does not really help, because productive teammates will reach out to each other during the day anyway if something impact them. And manager should reach out to developer anytime something pop up that impacts their work, not just wait for next day to let people know. Standup can be great if the responsibility across the team are spread out, but only at a lower frequency (once a week?). I think you can export chats from Slack and build an archive out of it I get a set schedule from 10am to 5pm. As my desktop is the most comfortable setup, I use it after hours too, but I close all work related software at 5pm. I use Safari as my personal browser and Firefox as my work one (Most of my software are pretty utilitarian as I have a ps4 and an Apple TV for entertainment purposes). The other things is I don't do work outside of my desk. I'm a contractor working full time on a project. If something is not done after 7 hours of continuous work, it may as well wait for tomorrow as I will be very tired and less than performant. Also mental health. I've been burned out previously and it was not pleasant. I try to separate work and personal life as much as I can (mostly virtually, as I'm working from home). If I had an office space, I would leave my desktop there. Because opinion is transient and can be changed on a whim, unless what is part of the identity of the person (physical apparence, religion and other cor values). Being exclusive only reduce cohesiveness. I don't know if that will really help as it is effortless for me and I've never given a lot of though to how it is for other people. My method is to go to sleep only when I'm tired. I may relax on the bed when reading a book or scrolling the web, but otherwise, I'm standing or sitting and most likely out of the bedroom. But as soon as I feel really tired, I go on the bed and remove anything that may impede my sleep. I turn off the tv and anything that is bright (lot of status leds). I remove anything on the bed and get into my relax position. Sleep usually follows soon after. If it does not, I got up and do things (watch TV, play games, browse the internet). Bed for me is heavily associated with sleep. Another trigger is my relax position. The running joke in my country is that pastors’ children always round up to be delinquent in their teens. You won’t be able to completely control the environment of your child. The re will be a moment, when he/she will realize you do not know everything and your word, while important will be just a voice in many. It is very hard to resist temptation when you see people your age doing them without restrictions. I would say teach them values, not enforce them. Lot of iems can reduce sounds quite a lot, especially if you have music or white noise going on. And some are pretty cheap. https://drop.com/buy/blon-bl-03-iem I have a PS4, and it's been great so far. It's low power (Solar panels are my main source of electricity) and the performance is great. I don't really enjoy gaming on small devices, and I prefer reading when I'm outside (Kindle). I also don't enjoy gaming on laptop (too expensive) and most desktop PC are too power consuming. Bought a $35 usb condenser mic for online meeting. It is good even for recording songs (Tested by a friend of mine). It's better to not be seen clearly than not being understood due to poor microphone (Although I did get a better webcam). I confirmed. Even when doing sketch, the key thing to get right is the eyes. Starting already this month: Digital painting and drawing. I'm already not bad at that, but I want my skills to be semi-professional at least. I have a very vivid imagination, and I want to be able to recreate the concept I see in my mind. Computer science foundation. Right now, I'm at the stage that I know enough to explain them in layman terms, but not enough to actually participate in an active discussion or projects that rely heavily on academic knowledge. Stuff like compilers and interpreters, computer architecture, database systems, distributed systems, and OS architecture. Another item on my list is reflecting more about philosophical and psychological matters (I read more fiction books than non-fiction ones at a ratio of 25:1, the only bibliography I've read was about George Lucas). SEEKING WORK | Software Engineer Location: Haiti | Eastern Time Zone Remote: Yes, remote only Willing to relocate: Willing, but quite hard to do. Experience: 5 years building mobile and web apps for startups and small businesses. While I collaborate well in a team project, my strong point is being autonomous and with broad knowledge to design MVP and helps non-technical entrepreneurs test out their idea in the real world. I'm a fast learner and can quickly pick up technologies to be productive in any project. Website: https://hescaide.me Email: hash [at] hescaide.me I'm not even near of being a representative of the group, but I will share my own motives and reflections. For me, it's like watching a game of chess, or a match of basket-ball. I know the games myself and I know what it takes to play it at a high level (I watch mostly professional players). It's an act of learning sometimes, when your own strategies differ quite a bit from the player's and that can lead to some interesting reflections. Also, they are humans, and you can empathize with their joy when winning a game, or frustration when suffering from a bug or bad teammates. Sometimes it's a spectacle, too, when the streamer puts on a show with an over the top personality. I don't really watch the kind of streamers that do "stupid" behavior, but you must be aware that they represent a sizable part of the gaming population and for them, it's normal to rage and stuff (not my kind of things). Also, I can't play games for long (not so good internet + work + other hobbies) and when I'm doing other stuff, I will put a gameplay in the background as all the other video contents I consume require focus. Not Asia, but SMS is dead pretty much in Haiti, and everyone uses WhatsApp. Internet usage is low enough to even be an alternative to phone calls in most cases (especially for the young adults category). The fact is, a framework can be good in a team where you have junior developers. When I started with PHP, Laravel seems a god send. You don't even have to learn PHP that deeply, as they provide a quite consistent playground to add your business logic. It's when you got experienced, you begin to notice the bloat. I don't know how it impacts performance, but I've seen many juniors shoot themselves in the foot where there's too little constraint. Nowadays, I think real hard about bringing any frameworks or libraries into my projects. I got so used to subtitles (learning English + anime). That I can put them in the background when I focus on the movie and quickly check them in case I did not understand something. Kinda like when you blur out the surrounding controls when watching YouTube. I'm just discovering how to take notes properly and extract and retain knowledge from books. I relied on my memory too much (literally cramming the before exams) and short form retention. My research and understanding skills are good. But I think I could have extracted much more of the 5 years I spent in college. I'm not fully sorry, as I was learning software engineering on the side. Just that my theoretical foundation could have been more solid, and maybe I would have worked on more personal projects. Shared ownership of the business? I have a game I built for a homework in university. After 5 years of react, I picked it up and try to run it on my MacBook. I just had to edit a few files and got it working again. C has this expressiveness in it where everything is exposed to the reader. No complicated abstractions, just data structures and code. Spotify added my country this year. Within a few months, a lot of labels removed my country from their authorized list for no obvious reasons. We don't have any sanctions or existing outlets here. Just geo-blocking for the sake of geo-blocking. I’ve tried Doppler which is nice if you don’t overly tinker with your library but I bought Swinsian to play locally and I also have Plex on a mac mini I use as a server (for playing on my ATV, my work computer and my iPad) I use lossless because why not. I have plenty of space on my computer. And if I really like an album that would like to listen on the go, I transcode it to a lossy version (aac) Also getting popular here: You pay around 5 dollars to get access to a US Netflix account per month. Credit Card infra is still bad here, and the local Netflix is not worth it even when you can pay. Also, no Access to the others. In French, the first floor is called "Rez-de-chaussée" and the uppers are what called "Etage". So it's actually 1 based. Last year, I worked on a PHP application. Getting it to a CVS trimmed down the folder from 3 GB to 100 MB with essential assets. They just dumped things in there and backup the whole server instead. Having cancer is being sick... There is no Etage 0. People will just confusingly look at you if you ever said that. And the "Je ne sais pas' is called "Sous-sol" Here in Haiti, it was between texting 5 messages or call for one minutes (if you have not activated any special plans). So, when WhatsApp came, everyone switched and SMS is now mostly ads from the provider. Most people only do quick calls and would wait when the internet get better to do longer exchanges. Internet infrastructure is still not good. I always wonder why people have all these bookmarks. I think the most I had at one time was 15 and that because I switch to another project halfway. As soon I extract what I want in one page, I close it. If it's something that is interesting, and I don't have time, I add it to my read-it-later list. And if it's something that I may often revisit, that's when I bookmark. Os support, especially in the Apple world. I only receive two types of messages: OTP and ads from the provider. I just set the message app to automatically delete everything after 30 days. A musician put it in time for an audition because that will be the piece he will be performing. But doing leetcode when the job definition is: You will be working on this e-commerce site is not the most motivating things. While algorithms and data structure knowledge are important, most of the time is spent writing code gluing data sources to interfaces. I'm perfectly fine doing an interview on the technologies I'm expected to master, but knowing by heart how to sort strings doesn't help anyone, IMO. We know how to apply them, it just that algorithms are not fit all solutions for most type of problems you encounter in the real world. I had to write a frequency analysis code. What I did was search for existing methods, found a paper that provides a mathematical procedure, then convert it to code. The data structures came directly from the OS and thankfully, there were no need to convert them to something else. I'd say a lot of us learn about algorithms and data structures early in their career. But most of them are guidelines, not rules. So, you just remember how to google for them, not learning specific ones by heart. No one has ever told me: You need to work on this string manipulation and be done within 30mns.