Warp engines make a little stable bubble of space and shift what's around it, so onboard time matches galaxy time, and you can jaunt a significant way across the galaxy and still be home in a few years Earth time. Read it again. He's talking about near-zero sleep calls, not one second sleep calls. It works now that I stuck it on a server, but apparently FF3.6.4 drops the data between passes on a file:// url. IE6 and Opera10 hang on to it, nothing else available here. Yeah, this isn't at all the article I was expecting because of that. Consider someone sniffing wifi. I'm worried about eavesdropping much more often than man in the middle, and nontrusted SSL could provide that if browsers would stop freaking out and just go without a padlock. Defaulting to running directly as admin is a settings flaw, not a problem with the underlying security system. On the other hand, the fact that it's inaccurate and weak suggests even more that it's not 'clinical'. Other than that being plain old chemistry, the numbers don't line up. 500 times thinner than a hair is 100+ nanometers, not 1 nanometer. result = case when baz>10 then foo else bar end is a translation of if baz>10: result = self.foo() else: result = self.bar() while result = if baz > 10 foo else bar end is a translation of result = self.foo() if baz>10 else self.bar() It's true that some things have to be changed when translating, but you can't ignore the deliberate structure of the original. Let's say I want to look at how inter-sentence objects work in two languages. I give you the phrase: "Raining cats and dogs. This is what the weather is like." You can't translate it as if it said "It's raining cats and dogs" without losing the basis of comparison entirely. As long as they have the files in plaintext, I prefer the 'ridiculous' method for the speed benefits. If you upload data unencrypted and expect perfect privacy on it you're fooling yourself. Yes, SpiderOak does, but I'm talking about the ones being complained about. Wow, this is more annoying than when a blocked popup in chrome still fully loads and starts playing a video. If you take the rope from 0T to >30T instantly, then you will have all the weights lift up. As long as you keep the rope tense, they will all rise with different accelerations until they hit the top. If you apply tension over time, even very quickly, then the lighter weight will rise first. You don't have to go 'faster than the speed of light' to escape a black hole if you're not affected in the usual manner by gravity. And I'm not aware of any suggestion that gravity itself is affected by gravity. I knew it was a source of its own much smaller gravity, I guess I was wrong about how strongly coupled that is with the original field. Still, that's not itself being 'normally' affected by gravity, and I've never seen anything discuss it. Only the ones that won't switch to a log-performance data structure when it's causing them trouble. I suppose, but with GPLv2 there's nothing more than a technicality in the way, is there? As far as I understand it, the app store agreement prevents you from taking that particular copy of the app and doing free things with it, but nothing truly restrictive. You can still get a copy of the source from the app-maker, and exercise all your normal free software rights. Then again, saying that makes me feel like I'm missing something. Am I? Python only has about 30 keywords, and the English meaning only helps on some of them. Words like 'lambda' or 'raise' are not immediately intuitive. Translations of function names like raw_input are nice, but you can do that no matter what the base language's keywords look like, and I challenge you to find simple symbols for every built in function, like divmod, help, oct, memoryview, unicode, buffer, delattr. Desalination costs well under a penny per gallon. There's no shortage of water if you're willing to pay a small fee. Letting people see each individual device, even firewalled, is a security downside. I need a reference that exposing more information about systems that are nearly guaranteed to have security flaws is bad? I'll give you a simple scenario and then go look for something to make you happy. I have a computer running services A and B and several computers running service B. Service A exposes information about the computer's configuration that helps attack service B, but only if the attacker can figure out which one. Edit: I haven't really been able to find a comparison between firewalling and firewalling+NAT, just comparisons between nothing and NAT. Apparently Minefield is set up to require recent drivers. I was getting nothing on my laptop until I worked out that I had to go to intel's site, run the driver installer, ignore its error message telling me to go to the laptop manufacturer, and manually tell windows to use the driver now in my temp folder. I don't understand why they didn't instead drop the next few leap days. How impatient can you be when cathedrals may take centuries to build? I've had a few break in the sense of wires/chips physically losing a proper connection, but that's a matter of holding it just so while you get your data off. Nothing worse yet. To be more specific about what exactly the Axiom of Choice is: If you have a finite number of sets, you don't need the Axiom of Choice. You can enumerate them and pick out of each. If you have a rule to choose items, like picking the smallest element in a set of natural numbers, you don't need the Axiom of Choice. There is no choice to be made, you just follow the rule. The problems come out when you have an infinite number of sets and you pick items arbitrarily. This is what the Axiom of Choice allows you to do. Infinity is dangerous. It's fine to play devil's advocate, but I would advise against making that depend on a secondary argument that society disagrees with, that being libraries as a negative thing. It depends. If you read the book on the kindle once and then the library has the hard copy forever, then it's equivalent to a full donation on top of reading the book. If you use it as a reference and come back to it often, then you're double dipping. And beyond that there's not even a hint that it's actually adjacent 7 character passwords. It was a question of KoZeN, not about the article. Honestly, it's more annoying for you to specifically not name anything. Email is sent to other accounts . These are tweets on his own account . > why I'm being downvoted Your comment was at first a quick snipe, without any reason expressed in it. If you vote incorrectly, you should either leave it or explain your opinion properly, as you have now done. It looks like you've now been upvoted back. That's obvious, but I don't think that's xentronium's point. It seems to be poking fun at the way the differences in the sexes now and through history that the post calls us to consider can be applied to that line. Something like that. I don't claim it to be particularly well thought out. It's a nice concept, sharing the file directly. Sadly it's not working here past a basic stateful firewall. Is it capable of hole punching at all? I also wonder why it loads the entire file into memory. And a final nit, fixed whitespace on the left and bottom screw up the site in a small window, and it doesn't get working scrollbars either. I like the new one for the most part. Sometimes I would prefer the sizes to be listed under the image, but having the page full of images with minimal whitespace is nice; less clicking to see the results. If the cores aren't at the same speed it can probably happen. Sure! Here's your wrapper that abstracts the concept of processes and never says 'done'. Well, while the legal definition of assault is based on contact in general, I would guess that notahacker is talking about injurious violence, or at least a solid threat of it, as 'real assault'. And probably 'real' in terms of 'sexual' would mean something sexually motivated. That's the problem with categories; a whole range of behaviors end up with the same name, and now we're wasting time with semantics instead of worrying about the rights violation. Doesn't matter, it's indirected away. All you know is that you were done asking it for data. You have a program. It has input and output, and is either running or done. With abstraction, you can have a view of the program that is just a bidirectional data pipe. You give it information, you request information back. At some point you're done talking to it and drop the reference. The entire idea of 'halting' is gone. None of these are search results. The search results are in a list in a strictly defined format. These are guesses at meaning that go above them, just like ads go to the side. http://www.google.com/search?q=2%2B2 No, it doesn't have to be absolute at all. It just has to be shared. And the frame of reference is roughly shared, just not closely enough for 30 years to matter. If I'm doing my math right, the redshift of M100 works out to less than 700 years variation over a 50 million year timespan. Smaller doses over time are safer than a large dose. Time to fix things up. Concentrating the radiation has a negative effect. Edit: Maybe this is incorrect when it comes to cancer risk, but I had the impression it still mattered, with multiple impacts in the same area of DNA causing things to be more likely to permanently break. Unless that is extremely unlikely to happen at all at this level of dose. Still, these machines are probably not particularly harmful. I guess I should have addressed that idea specifically. If you transfer total control to a subprogram that directly looks for halting, you've just moved the problem, you haven't really abstracted it. Apply indirection to anything with unspecified runtime. When you need a result, put a reasonable waiting time on it, and if it doesn't happen assume the source has died and handle it as an error code. I would have thought this had already been tested on antiprotons, but I'm not seeing any references for it. Just a note that results from testing anti-hydrogen for gravity should be had in the next few years. Maybe containing something so charged overwhelms gravity? The problem is that it's a poor reference for storage. It's focused on maximum computation in a certain chunk of matter, which is a massive waste of energy. One of the comments on the blog talks about charging individual electrons at five orders of magnitude less energy, at the cost of much more mass. It might be possible to optimize this down to a lake-sized level of storage mass and boiling energy. http://whatismyip.org/ What? It's in the html in plaintext, and this method takes far more bandwidth. The encryption is block based. Change a bit and you're completely scramble the block, but no more. I look forward to this once it actually works. Right now, when any stacks are collapsed tab order breaks badly. And you can't have more than one uncollapsed. Because everyone is reading cached versions. I'm pretty sure paying for groceries is drastically easier than stealing them, further hurting the comparison. While I don't think making installers more complex is the answer, I disagree with your first paragraph. I pay general attention to what installers do but I don't scrounge around my computer looking for changes. I especially don't go to the menus-deep plugin list unless I want to do something like reset flash. How about "only pass user-sourced data in parameters"? So anything that isn't a parameter is coming from the app, possibly as a response to user data, but not actually from user data. This statement seems just as powerful as the original. Anything misleading about it? Somewhere you can't use parameters and can't simply use app-supplied query pieces? Because input validation is hard to do. A rule to not pass input EVER (outside of parameters), even in a supposedly validated form, is something different. It's not a cause, sure. But I have never heard the word evolution defined to not apply to the process. Do you have a better reference I could read? Q: How does a Windows machine react if ports above 1080 are blocked by a router? A: A regular user can surf for roughly 2min after booting, then has to reboot. Huh? Okay, outgoing ports makes sense. I didn't realize that was the meaning. And with persistent connections I was thinking down the wrong path. I'm sure many of these people are violating copyright to get a copy of the installer, but surely that can't be the main law being broken. Avoiding the specifics of Avast that I don't know, if they can get the installer from the producer, maybe because there's a trial, there can't be a copyright violation when no unauthorized copies are made, can it? So what is the exact law being broken? Something that took me a long time to find out about was going into settings and turning on show dead. Surprising what you can find. They're requiring that now . At the time, they froze the account, allowing money in but no withdrawals. The idea is that the government should be using due process instead of applying unofficial pressure, and better behavior for the businesses would be to insist on that. You don't need to scale up to solve a problem of slow active connections. You just need to use a frontend web server that doesn't allocate a thread/process per connection. Sure, a bit of state, but if you have a server designed to maximize connections you can handle orders of magnitude more than something like apache. Then you reach a point where being able to handle traffic below the absolute network-crushing level isn't very hard to do. Dropbox does keep a cache of recent file versions. So a server-side screwup won't entirely ruin your local files. Still, you're right that more backups are needed to avoid a single failure point. You're not getting very downvoted. And you seem to be missing the point. It's not to compare the value of what's being done; this is clearly nowhere near fighting for rights. It's to compare the damage done to the company. Supplying downloads is an easy-to-supply convenience, and it's a lot simpler to lose a digital file than a physical book. As a minor service comparison I can go to the store and get free adjustments for my glasses forever, but it's still a goods purchase. The sample size has to be large enough for the results to have statistical significance. If something happens in the patient that never happens in comparable cases, and you have piles of information about suitable controls, then you can place a high certainty in the treatment being able to work. You don't have a success rate, but nobody's claiming one. You're not going to get full client crashes without a major bug. Some amount of attack is possible but I've been getting crashes for a couple weeks now and skype should have fixed things. They would? I don't follow. A random number generator only gives you one number at a time. The problem is still 'print X sequence without loops'. No answer has been given here, so there's no meaningful approval to be had. It's not that using a random number generator is a cheat, it's that it is a (pointless?) lateral move rather than a solution. I'd put the odds over 80% that it's just because the VM wasn't fast enough. You then have two options. One is to get a faster machine, the other is to run the VM in slow motion while you save. Obviously the second isn't an option for realtime viewing. To me this seems like a failure of the simplicity of the GPL, but with no easy fix. Apple doesn't want to restrict the program to anyone, they just want to have their distribution process restrictive. If there was a way to proxy the supply of the restriction-free binary and/or source code of the app there wouldn't be a problem. The app submitter or VLC devs or another interested party would step up to host. They want to restrict the syndicated developer. But the program you download is the same open-source app you signed up for. DRM is indeed an issue, but that goes toward the tivoization clause that VLC explicitly did not adopt. Throwing torpig and one of the numbers from the article into a search gets a likely source. http://news.softpedia.com/news/Researchers-Peak-Inside-the-T... Not quite as entertaining, though, without the line "In under 75 summary, thе program wаѕ аblе tο renovate уουr health 40% through dictionary attacks." How do you print multiple terms out of a random number generator without a loop? That's my point. You haven't solved anything, cheat or not. I don't understand the typewriter argument; monospaced fonts put even more space between characters. What's wrong with putting something metal down? It also made it much cheaper and therefore effective. Is speed very important to bullying? You're neglecting the danger caused by starting the raid in an escalated state. Ridiculous analogies aren't helpful. Try something like.. how about standing in front of someone. All day. They can't walk anywhere without pushing past you. Basically harassment and interfering with their day. The damages lie solely in the fact that they aren't able to be productive. Well, that's going into the company to provide you with that in-ground wire. It's in the base cost, not affected by how much data you use, which was the main point. Marginal data is cheap. If I'm google and I block /search I want no company to collect the data. If I'm a site that blocks /dynamic because I want to make sure my stats are accurate, not factoring bots, and I want to keep the load down on slow-generating pages, then I'm perfectly happy with the data being collected. Is it the intent of robots.txt itself to block the clickstream data, or is it just google's intent? More time doesn't mean harder. Wait, they do? I can easily understand thinking it's more harmful, but deadlier ? In what way would someone think it's deadly? Are you just saying the contrast ratio is bad or is there a specific rule of thumb for contrast? The text isn't what I would call 'off-white', it's about a 50% gray. Half of max contrast looks fine on my screen, is it calibrated strangely? How much contrast should there be? And 'sed' is even easier to say than 'perl regex'! 1/30 chance of having the first day off? They have four days too, it should be 4/30 each of the four days, for overall odds of just over half. I ran a quick monte carlo and it said the same thing. When I read someone saying 'many places are fine', that seems to directly imply that most places are not. This isn't a counterargument. Is he actually wrong? He's certainly getting downvoted a lot and I hope it's not just because someone didn't like the wording. And this somehow affects only 12% of searches? Is this a flaw in github? It has this nice compact list of people at the top; there's no way to join it without spamming a comment? Which I would read as server hardware in that instance. Are you talking about the dialog that appears for unsigned drivers , or something I missed? Is that the obvious implication? I've seen pure css used in the context of no images, and I've seen it used in the context of no javascript. Both seem reasonable. They don't want it, they want people to see it. I think it would be quite an accomplishment. Read that again. The copies are given away. It's a perfectly good analogy, and if you want to get really picky it's also accurate on a technical level. An ephemeral copy in memory and TCP is made, given away, and lost. Still, you can have your passwords very securely stored in bcrypt AND mail the plain text out when the account is created. If your email isn't secure that should really be dealt with, and separately. It wraps it around to the beginning of the data area past a reserved MFT zone. It doesn't do it per-file unless it's both very clever and dependent on a certain file system. Last time I checked 2.x truly was outdated, with no way to join an in-progress call without the host ringing you again. And linux still has no upgrade option. Not that any of this excuses the UI downgrade from 4 to 5. I would argue that the term 'sleep with ' implies consent. Even without that it's a wording issue of the goal, not a case of satisficing. Flying the 777 probably is.