Having moved from Mysql to Postgresql in 2005 and continued with it up to the present, I'd say it's a superior database for OLTP, enterprise workloads. Mysql's traditional mode with a transactional engine can work too; though, I've found Postgresql to be a solid, consistent performer for my use cases. I've also used it at home after running into trouble with Sqlite: https://paulrrogers.com/2014/10/self-hosting-owncloud-review... . Postgresql's excellent documentation made the move much more practical than it would have been using a clearly less documented tool. (One such as MonetDB circa 2005: http://www.monetdb.org/ .) Similarity to standard SQL and Oracle are also nice if one happens to work in an heavily regulated industry where one may have to migrate to certified platforms. Conflict arises because content isn't truly free. Someone pays of their free time or gets paid to produce by advertising or subscribers. Tools that deliver the content while bypassing payment will drive payment elsewhere or erode the incentive to produce. You must be very selective. I'm curious how you'd feel if it turned out most of Ycombinator's successful ventures depended upon advertising; thereby supporting this very site and community. Advertising is a tool which, like any other, can be used for good or evil. But it's a good point that it's not free to the consumer. Until the law changes True, but built-in replication is still the whole installation or nothing. I believe Slony doesn't have this limitation; though, being trigger-based has some other quirks of it's own. Pgpool is another solution I've also used for a while. All have quirks which I don't recall running into with Mysql's replication. > Old applications are easy to run and popular, because DosBox exists. Actually I think nostalgia makes old stuff popular even when it is challenging to do. I've met people into 1840's-style iron working despite the challenge; and certainly not because it's the most optimal way to produce the desired product. > If it was a paid app, maybe GOG wouldn't be known at all. Or maybe the prices would be much higher than they are now. Perhaps GOG would not exist, but Nintendo has been selling repackaged editions of their old software for a long time now. And maybe GOG and Steam prices should be slightly higher to compensate those doing the ports. If so then some ports may have been better quality. > Of course, then your customer has the 4 freedoms described above, and he could further sell or give your software, along with the sources to somebody else. But this is work and it would involve charges, so he may choose not to do so. With OpenSSL many apparently did use it and resell it without compensating upstream. Only after HeartBleed did that situation change. For a more GPL example I've noticed DosBox Turbo reuses both DosBox and another port's work in their sources. My guess is unmodified reselling may be happening with WooCommerce plug-in's at Woothemes-plugins.com and Wooextension.com. Perhaps they are different for some folks. In my experience most people consider both terms any software that is free to acquire, use, and distribute. Regardless, if wares are acquired and used without charge then the impact on producers and the price expectations of consumers is the same. Certainly that is a benefit for the consumer. But my regrets are because I am a producer. When others can use one's work to resell updated copies without compensation then I doubt one would feel motivated to keep working on it. Interesting perspective, thanks for taking the time to share. I'd imagine that most people who do open source are in a similar situation. That is, expenses already paid. Yet such efforts also appear to undermine the value of your profession as a whole. Consider the poor-yet-educated developer (maybe strait out of college or living in the 3rd world) with a great idea for a to-do application like yours. He pours precious time and effort into his work. Then after establishing his product someone with time to spare starts giving away a free alternative. The poor developer cannot compete as more and more of his consumers, and potential customers, opt for the free project. Quality and execution are the arguments I often read in response to such an argument. Yet the sacrifice of the poor developer just to get basic functionality are greater than those of us who already have a day job. While I love to share, create, and avoid reinventing the wheel; I'd also like others to enjoy at least some of the career and benefits I've been blessed with. Great point. Does anyone know what--if any--limits Grease Monkey puts in place to prevent users from bring exploited? > The only negative feedback you should listen to is from people who really get your target area. And perhaps not even in that case. If they are entrenched in their ways or feel threatened then their advice may hinder. Still, is probably wise to get a variety of input just to avoid overlooking important fundamentals. True. But a jack of all trades with powerful tools may get to market sooner than a large group of specialists who can't see the forest through the trees. Firefox can do this with separate profiles too, so long as you also include --no-remote with other instances. My university was still using telnet around the same time. So I resorted to floppies before finally breaking down and getting a laptop. Red Hat came loaded on some of the college's surplus equipment. Before long I ended up trying it on my laptop too. Updating and driver support was weak back then. Thankfully this has improved a lot. Ubuntu is also a more novice friendly alternative. As an extension author this is disappointing. For all the hate XUL gets, it was a powerful tool to manipulate the UI. Hopefully the new API will be as empowering as the old without the same risks. And ideally this will happen before the old APIs are completely removed. A sliding door seems to be a perfect analogy. And they have existed long before Apple. If they were using Ghostery to block ads--aside from testing--that would be ironic. Or maybe busy people often have trouble saying 'no' Not exactly novel. I've heard of these for months now. A quick web search turns up this blog from 2008: http://www.acleandesign.com/2008/05/password-algorithms-crea... Also seems to produce short passwords. So if the parents are 'on' pot does that mean we've come full circle? > such that they can focus on higher value added work. If the trend continues until nearly everything is free+open then there may be less and less work which is considered "value added". I imagine BadUSB would fall into that latter category I'm curious if such trash would ever be picked up. While I can imagine people being more altruistic once their needs are met, humanity seems to be really near sighted when it comes to subtle-yet-broad problems like trash. "Out of sight, out of mind." KeePass is also an offline option. It includes the ability for auto type to split data among the clipboard and keyboard. Though I didn't like how wide open it is when unlocked, so I made LockyWindow as an plugin to fix that. If IRC's limitations are too cumbersome to workaround there is also XMPP. Patents are a tradeoff: short term power granted (to patent holder) in exchange for long term freedom (for everyone). Isn't this short term thinking? If it causes budget shortfalls elsewhere and the pork is exposed they end up unemployable. Actually I see tabs as a form of multiple document interface inside a single window. It's a valid approach to layering complexity as users multi task more. Excel sheets have worked this way for a long time. Separate windows are not the only way. The premise does align with my experience. Skilled people can adapt to and comprehend the business needs better than packaged tools. That said, well made tools can include lessons learned that could be expensive to develop in house. Often though those are only technical corner cases. Are you saying you basically extorted these companies for a job based on the threat of releasing open source software? PleasantSolutions.com may help. (Full disclosure: I sell an unrelated KeePass plug-in.) Pgpool replication can work that way too Less code is generally better. But I've noticed a lot of folks still using ^ or $ when what they really mean is \A or \z Ideally the code itself should communicate that intent. And comments can become obsolete as code changes. Hence the movement to reduce comments to only what's necessary. Rush hour patterns imply that a lot of that idle time would likely remain idle. EDIT: Fixed typo Not everyone is self motivated or disciplined enough to learn entirely online. Different people also find different learning styles with better for them. Have you looked into NVDA? "The phrase "money is the root of all evil" only exists for a reason..." And all this time I thought it was "love of money" "Never memorize what you can look up in a book" --Einstein CSV is strictly a single table, so it cannot normalize the data. You can end up with a lot of them or a lot of columns and empty cells. Wasn't the core of SQL Server actually Sybase? FYI: There are express and the older desktop versions available for free. Would the Buzz-sumo programmer be expected to investigate their terms of service too? (Often scraping is prohibited.) It may help stretch the brain, similar to learning a new language. Very true, yet the costs are often significant for what most would consider minor. For example speech recognition makes a lot of things easier but can significantly impact the computer's performance. I wonder how close Brave is to exactly this future. My guess is this depends on the child and the institution. Viewing such images risks increasing the production of more of them. Even if that risk is small or unproven the majority doesn't want to gamble. One advantage to the shareware era is there were fewer choices even with indies. During that time I began working at Babbage's when only 25% of the store was games. Now there are so many mainstream games a store cannot fit them all. Not sure about the "past accomplishments" part. I usually feel more drawn to old games I never finished. It can also help when jumping around between many different languages, especially when they are similar. Don't they have backups which could provide some probability the phones may contain relevant evidence? Feature creep if I recall correctly. Though Openshift is an interesting implementation. For the young and healthy that may be true. But we're all going to get old, and most of us will need medical care that could easily exceed that. My guess is this varies widely depending upon the business. Some are more compatible with automation than others. Ecological sustainability would be nice. Though it seems our current means of automating are more often at the expense of our environment. Are guaranteed livable wages a relatively modern phenomenon? Blackberry was doing well before app stores. This. Their text size and reflow are all that I miss from Opera Mobile. Resources consumed by non-subscriber blockers do increase their costs. Professional editions had this before BitLocker. Seems to be available again in v10. It didn't encrypt file names, only contents. Actually I recall an Asian math teacher who used basic English but did so to great effect. Her way of breaking problems down really helped me grasp them more effectively. Of course other non-native instructors were not as good, so I'd guess it depends. Based on what I've read it seems they're most concerned with the impact of consuming technology on their immediate community. My guess is they aren't as concerned about the production of what they consume. You feel safe (as in comfortable?) in whose home? Some people find it unacceptable to live with their parents/siblings/benefactors indefinitely. Well, they'll be cheap as long as energy is cheap. And solar cells are not yet made without fossil fuels. While his solution worked for him, it also revealed a flaw that could've been a deal breaker if sales were demoing the system. Of course what constitutes a significant problem is often up to a nontechnical department. Could be the gateway argument, that smoking less harmful stuff leads to harder stuff. This article offers a high level description of the various parts. While a decent read for the curious, I don't think it's necessary even for those going into embedded work. My experience jumping into some point-of-sale work after college is that anyone with even minimal programming experience can pick this stuff up as they go. Even the worst platform I developed for had built in guides and an IDE. Whitelist based email My experience has been that since underlying platform software changes so quickly locally run purchases are often more work to maintain than SAAS offerings. There is DarkMail Easier to take (possibly steal) on your terms? So animal slavery is the same as human slavery? Should animals automatically be assigned the same rights as humans? Negative value is a subjective judgement. Updates themselves are signed packages. While it's not ideal, careful users do gain value in an open, free, and mature solution. Full disclosure: I sell a plugin for KeePass 2. True, but there is a middle ground. The users of the service could boycott or make their voices heard in other ways. Of course when a single company has a near monopoly due to network effect they become a defacto government. In my experience Sikuli/X was too slow for image search on high definition desktops. UIs also tend to change more than keyboard shortcuts. Setup was always such a time consuming pain. Just tonight I tried to co-op a retro game which still went bad despite two (modern) source ports and hours of tweaking. Steam can help--for a price. Back in the day the first LANs I attended also took hours of preparation in the school AV lab. Still, being in person was interesting. Consoles with split screen make it so much easier. Serial was a bit tricky to get synced as I recall. Nomachine worked reasonably well for me cities apart. I believe it was adding some compression to X at the time; circa 2011. Anyone tried 0install? IME, the win in the application layer is when you can have faster copies pulled from a cache or validate rules that don't relate to other records. Education? This. Sadly even all electric cars have significant externalities. "more noise is made about the scary death robots." Likely because they make for better stories. I'm no fan of more government regulation. Yet it seems clear that totally unregulated markets with uneducated consumers makes a mess of things Technically you don't have to distribute through Mozilla, just submit for signing. While it's true they remain a gatekeeper it's not as bad as the IOS app-store. "Without developing a full-blown sandboxed App Store... there is no way for a pure software play to make money." Defaults can set powerful expectations. A freemium model could work if the market were a bit more willing to pay for software. Because automation takes time. Typically more than just doing it manually every time you move boxes. And sometimes the steps take hours worth of bandwidth when sneaker-net would suffice. > And I could argue that breaking more rules and being more aggressive during the financial melt down has left us much better of in the US. Not sure the aggression and rule breaking are what has helped in the US. Considering the US debt and wasted bailout money I'm not so sure the US really is better off. The broader point is externalities are involved in the use of software by a multitude of people. Even consentual sex can have such impacts when--for example--overpopulaton leads to starvation. Isn't that why he also supported Gnash to replace Flash: as a form of bridge? Aside: Interesting that Apple's insistence on not supporting Flash became a bigger influence. Albeit motivated more by battery drain than ideology. Yet selling software--not services--seems incompatible with RMS's insistence on the freedom of end users to distribute without cost. Sometimes it's impossible understand a podcast with only one ear. Though traffic signals like honking are important. So if it's not too loud otherwise I use only one ear. Worse are the radio stations playing honking/emergency sounds or jerks screaming suddenly as they pass, just for 'fun'. Creates unnecessary anxiety. Constellations of separate apps are better for users who only want certain parts without ceding unnecessary permissions and space. EDIT: 'is' to 'are' Unless it discourages future researchers from undertaking costly research. While true, I don't think this is ideal. Nor should we say it's acceptable. Perhaps there are solutions like capping the quantity, length and jargon of laws as a whole. While the embedded world does have some hard depth limits, my experience has been that the readability of breaking up a function are worth it. This seems especially true when the nested functions are carefully named. Yet without ACID. So many look to me like a familiar skin on a different animal.