Uh, I spend about 5% on rent, another 5-6% on drugs, and go out for food occasionally. No other expenses. I don't, um, save, though, so you might want to listen to someone else. "Source: EMC" (EMC sells "Big Data" storage.) s,JSON,BSON,g These logs are for machines, and should be compact -- why use JSON at all? All this method does is break the continuous [0,1) range into enough discrete buckets that each bucket contains at most two choices. Because the buckets are the same "probability-size" you can pick a bucket with O(1) and then do an O(1) comparison. Everything between "Loaded Die with a Fair Die" and "Vose's Alias Method" seems superfluous. Better than "how to XXX your start-up" and "business blah blah". So TRESOR needs to submit an acceptable patch to the nice kernel.org folks, and then it can ship as a distro default. One could imagine a "bzoncat" utility which simply reads bson objects on stdin and emits formatted json objects on stdout. I don't know, the difference probably doesn't matter. Server seems severely overloaded -- here's the latest archive.org mirror: http://web.archive.org/web/20101017092822/http://www.jamesmo... This is not relevant to fountain codes. This is like reading a newspaper article on computing ten years ago. The author is not a domain expert. I think depression is an issue among people in general. Perhaps people on HN are simply more willing to share with the (psuedonymous) internet at large? Yes. size_t is actually 32-bit on some 64-bit platforms; you want uint64_t. scp has some end-to-end latency for each file transferred. This means that for lots of small files, a single tar file stream is much quicker than 'scp -r'. Cool trick -- thanks! I'm curious what their performance numbers look like if they host the .git repo on tmpfs -- 15GB isn't unreasonable on a beefy (24-32GB of ram) machine. One of the biggest problems with this style of "scan all memory" GC is that you have to stop all threads (flush all pointers to memory) to perform a collection. Pointers held in registers in other active threads are inaccessible to the GC thread. Failing to stop the world (or ensure all pointers are in memory rather than registers) can result in live objects being collected. This happened to Ruby at one point: http://timetobleed.com/the-broken-promises-of-mrireeyarv/ Edit: This boils down to breaking the compiler's model of memory as specified by the C standard; all bets are off. Boehm controls malloc; it knows where the heap is. In general, yes, the more memory you have allocated, the slower BoehmGC will be. It checks both stack and heap. Typo: "This let's great dealers shine" -> "This lets great dealers shine" No. It's direct DMA from the hardware. Anyone who can backdoor a release on their FTP server can easily upload a new CHECKSUM file. Many users probably do not bother to check the hash. Even if you use public key crypto to sign the hash, users probably don't know your public key in advance. An attacker can sign their malicious hash with any valid public key they like. This article is almost as hilarious as the RIAA president's op-ed; unfortunately, this one doesn't reveal the author's name. I'm guessing you meant "sordid" history, as in: Sordid \Sor"did\, a. [L. sordidus, fr. sordere to be filthy or dirty; probably akin to E. swart: cf. F. sordide. See {Swart}, a.] 1. Filthy; foul; dirty. [Obs.] 2. Vile; base; gross; mean; as, vulgar, sordid mortals. (1913 Webster's) Try the LICENSE file or header comments in the sources. I would love to be able to use this at work (unfortunately, our lawyers take issue with GPL libraries…). I don't have a budget, and it's not worth enough to fight legal and/or someone with a budget for this. I don't mean to complain about the license — when I write open source code, I use the GPL too. That being said, I maintain a network file daemon for work and would be interested in using this library to simplify the code (assuming it benchmarks and tests OK). That's all. No. If you don't want to give ad money to the disgusting pile of slop that is phoronix, here are the relevant upstream mailing list links: "GCC 5?" http://gcc.gnu.org/ml/gcc/2012-03/msg00256.html "GCC 5 & modularity": http://gcc.gnu.org/ml/gcc/2012-03/msg00263.html They have a tendency to make stuff up. Among other things, they publish performance data which doesn't actually measure what they claim it does. "How not to write a HN headline" Yeah, someone is going to figure out how to give themselves 20000 billion by working around the hardware and Mintchip will die real quick. Last release was 13 months ago; if you follow the Ti calculator community ( http://www.ticalc.org/ ) you'll know this is fairly old news. Cool, I missed that. Yep. In my experience, banking and financial websites have much worse password policies than the web at large. E.g., fidelity.com has a maximum password length of 12 characters. USAA has a maximum password length of 12 characters. What the fuck. I've been experimenting with waking up at 5am to go running. So far, it's been great. I feel much more productive when I have some time to myself at work in the morning. The hardest thing is coping with friends whose schedules are offset so much from mine. For me, waking up this early means I need to go to bed around 8-9pm. So, I don't wake up this early every day. For those with trouble sleeping so early, I find melatonin useful for sleeping earlier. Lots of sources on wikipedia: https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Mobile_phones_and_driving_safe... So, last time this was posted I commented that I was interested, but couldn't use this at work because of the GPL license. Since then I implemented my own M:N userspace:kernel threading library (which is what lthread boils down to) based on Russ Cox's BSD-licensed libtask. You know what I found? 1) Many libc routines require a surprisingly large amount of stack. 64kiB was the smallest power of 2 I could find where I wouldn't overflow the stack somewhere in a libc call. (This isn't a problem with stack-copying, but it is a problem if you have dedicated per-lthread stacks). 2) It was slow! Just dropping the M:N library and using blocking network I/O with 200+ kernel pthreads was vastly faster. 3) Many pthread-functions get very, very confused if they are used from different pthreads (same logical "lthread"). (This happens when a userspace scheduler swap happens between matching operations.) For example, pthread mutexes don't like to be locked in one pthread and unlocked in another pthread (same "lthread"). I ran into other things that match this category, but can't remember them off of the top of my head. I ended up scrapping it and just using a pool of kernel pthreads. It works, the code is pretty clear (blocking IO! whatever, man), and it's fast enough. Edit: By "fast enough", I mean "can fill 2x 1Gbit pipes from disk" (without any perf-focused work thus far). Cool! Thanks. Edit: looks like you missed COPYING; it's still GPLv2 (whereas LICENSE has BSD-looking text). A hacked up FreeBSD libc (we make a FreeBSD-derived operating system). Some of the authentication/credentials code, for example, creates a bunch of large stack frames. Since I can't edit this post anymore, here's the relevant code: https://github.com/cemeyer/taskmn (Buyer beware: this is basically a snapshot of it at the point we decided to drop it entirely; I poked it enough to get it to compile under GCC / linux, but haven't verified functionality at all.) More edits: 4) Re: Stack-copying; I found that without any attempt at optimizing memory use, my "light" threads were consuming on the order of ~600 bytes of stack (when de-scheduled); with a stack copying approach and a run-time stack of 128kiB, calling large-stack-using libc functions was fine. 5) Re: per-task dedicated stack memory; the default amount of memory allocated per-pthread on our platform is 128kiB, so 64kiB isn't great savings. I detected stack corruption at 32kiB and below by setting a canary value (at the top of the allocated stack) in the scheduler before running a ready "lthread." No problem :-). Re: "lower efficiency… is acceptable in such a use case": Maybe — it really depends on your use case. In the case you describe, sure. In my particular (specialized) case: 1) My clients are connected by 1Gb or 10Gb switched ethernet, and they are typically on firewalled local networks. I don't worry about trickle-style DoS attacks. (In other words: my threads are mostly-active, not mostly-dormant.) 2) My clients really only care about sustained streaming throughput. So, if they can max out the underlying disk with 20-30 simultaneous connections, they won't bother throwing 1000s of connections at my server. pthread-per-connection works great for this circumstance (with a pre-allocated thread pool). Use the right tool for the job ;-). According to SF, it was last updated in 2009 (is it actively developed?). I don't see much in the way of examples on the SF page, which is a bit off-putting. I guess I'm curious about the model it uses and how it performs, but my best guess is that it's not radically different from lthread or any other M:N userspace threading library. Do you know more? They're different beasts entirely. One key distinction is that GCD requires kernel support, while lthread and friends simply sit on top of any pthread-compatible system. As I understand it, GCD is based on an old systems idea (1991): https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Scheduler_activations It also has some auxiliary stuff (compiler-level support for C closures (Clang blocks), etc…) to "make threading easier," like you say. Or for that matter, WINE? The same way the underlying printf implementation does? This isn't wrapping printf(3), just the underlying write(2). Are you trying to ask if it catches, e.g., format string vulnerabilities? I think the answer to that is: Native Client's aim is to be a safe x86 VM, so — hopefully. But to me personally, it seems unlikely that they've thought of everything. I have. I've read both Paxos papers from the parent and grandparent comments. Comparatively, the linked article is succinct, well-written, and (relatively) easy to understand. Yes, I meant the topic article. I have some dog-eared printouts of "Paxos Made Simple" and "Paxos Made Live" lying on my floor. There are a few sentences every screen, and then scroll scroll scroll. It's like having a page full of banner ads… Tl;dr: Use HMAC for Hash-based Message Authentication Codes and hash functions for hash functions. Don't use them the other way around. PS, maybe more developers should take an intro course on crypto. Nope, you've got the two backwards. The same way as in this case… sex under false pretenses is not consensual; i.e., it is sexual assault / rape. An example of this might be pretending to be someone's wife to sleep with him. While this might appear consensual to you, this is sexual assault because the victim may have chosen not to consent if he had been given the truth at the time of the assault. I love the GCD api too, but I don't think the kernel support is there in linux. Someone has to fill the coffee ;-). Jokes aside, having someone else ask you questions about your software is a pretty good way to become familiar with it. I've read better articles on Unix. Just a few thoughts: 1) Software packages should probably install into /usr/local by default, not /usr as the author suggests. Distributions can always pass an option to install into /usr in their build scripts. In my experience as a distro packager, plenty of package-build/install systems install to /usr/local by default (autotools, python's disttools IIRC, etc). 2) FreeBSD (and likely other *BSD OS) ports install into /usr/local. So, if you're using the ports system for package management, you might still be screwed. (Of course, if you, as an admin, don't notice that you're installing over system packages, your system is going to end up hosed some day anyway.) At the end of the day, go ahead and use /usr/local. But be aware what your system does with it, and that other 3rd party packages may randomly scribble all over it as well. Trivial. See this "Readable C implementation of Keccak": http://www.mjos.fi/dist/readable_keccak.tgz 40ms extra latency on wifi is nothing compared to packet loss. Still, statistically unlikely ;) I don't have any sources to cite, obviously, but from what I know of it, quite a lot is grown locally (i.e., in Washington state). It's maybe less risky than moving it over the Canada-US border, and Washington has been fairly soft on marijuana users for a while (medical marijuana for two decades[0], lowest priority for the Seattle police department since 2003[1]). There have been ~illegal medical marijuana coops in Seattle for a long time now[2]. (IIRC, Washington's medical marijuana laws allowed patients to grow a few plants, but didn't allow for dispensaries[3]. Obviously federal law is different, which is what the DEA is acting on.) Those coops are largely stocked from locally grown plants. It wouldn't surprise me if some medical marijuana patients also sold into the grey/black market for some extra cash. [0]: http://apps.leg.wa.gov/rcw/default.aspx?cite=69.51a&full... [1]: http://clerk.ci.seattle.wa.us/~scripts/nph-brs.exe?d=CODE... [2]: http://slog.thestranger.com/slog/archives/2011/11/15/feds-ra... [3]: http://www.komonews.com/news/local/125532903.html Marijuana is sold by weight; this might have something to do with it. Producing high-quality consumable marijuana is a bunch of work. You have to be careful to separate the female plants, prune low THC content leaves and stems from the flowering buds, etc; the cartels don't seem to put this much work into the cannabis they grow. Cartel marijuana often has tons of leaves, stems, and seeds in it. It's earned the name "Mexican ditch weed." Right, it's likely they're already in those markets (harder drugs, etc) in some way and are saturated: they can't pump more money out of them. Taking away marijuana revenue takes away a fixed amount of their income. Actually, if either of these conditions are met, it's legal to grow in Washington: * Medical cannabis patient (limited to some small number of plants, like CO), or * State-licensed grower under I-502 This article misses a few points. I'm not going to cover all of them, but here's my pet issue: Yes, you can access existing Gmail accounts over Tor. But in my experience, it is damn hard to create them over the anonymizing network. Google wants a mobile phone number, which of course defeats the point. On the other hand, Hotmail had no such requirement last time I attempted this… Yeah, inconvenient security isn't useful. Atwood's an American. Writers will write what they know… they're hardly obligated to use an unfamiliar measurement system for your convenience. That and cost. No one is willing to pay for supersonic flight, and the sonic boom makes it obnoxious over land. You can absolutely page in data from Flash memory as needed, it's just non-trivial (and not handled by the "OS"). On devices with flash memory as an extension of RAM (TI 83+, 89, and 89 titanium), this could help for read-only level data that isn't needed all of the time. Edit: Of course, Joltima targets the TI-83 (different from the 83+), which doesn't have any flash memory. Bravo, Justin Karneges. (Neckbeards are a cost.) Exactly. I don't use chrome sync, never observed this crash. Okay, if your entire route is along the Burke, bicycling is great. But if you have to go anywhere in downtown, you chose between battling cars and riding the bus. (Disclosure: I biked SODO to and from Cap hill for a while. 4th Ave during rush hour is a nightmare =).) Next: Native Facebook for desktop! Can you expand on why the lack of personal income tax is a good thing? Instead, WA has roughly 10% sales tax which some would say disproportionately taxes the poor. "data = " + str(data), should probably be "data = " + repr(data), Outside of winter (November -> March) the rain is really light and doesn't interfere with wandering around outside. But I'm a Seattlite =). Sure, but what makes the whole "in a browser" genre interesting is that (usually) you don't need special dependencies to get started. If I need Silverlight and the whole .NET compiler, why not just tell me to download Visual F# Express Edition to get started? Because RAM is orders of magnitude more expensive than spinning rust, or even SSDs. Microkernels were an immensely popular idea in academia (Mach, Minix, …) when Hurd was begun; I don't think the fundamental problem with them — performance is horrible — had been made obvious yet. Microkernel design is probably a good idea, but the message passing overhead kills actual microkernel implementations. I've heard the Windows NT kernel described as being designed like a microkernel architecture (separate modules with clear APIs), but with direct function calls instead of message passing. I don't know if the Linux/BSD kernels are much different — I've poked at all three, and at a high level they look very similar. To quote that bastion of Jimmy Wales: "Although Mach is often mentioned as one of the earliest examples of a microkernel, not all versions of Mach are microkernels. The project at Carnegie Mellon ran from 1985 to 1994, ending in apparent failure with Mach 3.0, which was finally a true microkernel. Mach and its derivatives are in use in a number of commercial operating systems, … most notably Mac OS X using the XNU operating system kernel which incorporates an earlier (non-microkernel) Mach as a major component. Neither Mac OS X nor FreeBSD maintain the microkernel structure pioneered in Mach."[0] [0]: https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Mach_(kernel) No. It seems like a trade-off: obvious control flow and some extra `if intermediate_result is None: return BogusValue` error checks are replaced by non-obvious control flow. Is the only value that you save a few lines of error-checking? It just doesn't seem worth it to me. The messages are stored for two days. Backups for 90… And: writing to (spinning) disk takes on the order of milliseconds. 20 seconds of RAM storage time (versus milliseconds) means several orders of magnitude larger working set size, which may well be larger than you can afford… Anonymous HN readers, why the downvotes? I feel like Mach's wikipedia page succinctly answers the parent's question and gives some interesting background. Am I crazy? > I think your (sic) arguing against abstractions in general No. > We replaced a manual, verbose and error-prone pattern with a standardized abstraction Alternatively, we replaced some easy to follow procedural code with a manual, verbose, and error-prone abstraction. I have no idea what is going on with the author's decorated classes, generators, etc. How do you create a new monad pattern and debug it? All code is imperfect; it feels like we're just shifting some of the logic around to a different place. > since most abstractions we care about obscure control flow - whether functions, loops or monadic bind This is apples and oranges. Functions and loops are straight-forward, monadic bind (in this framework) involves indirecting through a bunch of complicated Python magic. > I don't write my own stack push/enter/pop to call functions, and nor should I have to write out all the other boilerplate control flow patterns I use, when it can be simply programmed into a monad, and left to the compiler. It sounds like an arguments from the exceptions camp — "everything would be so much better if we didn't have to check error returns from every subroutine!" But like exceptions over error codes, I think introducing monads is inventing a bigger problem to solve a comparatively small problem. Just my 2¢. Tl;dr: Revoking a user's access to "Dropbox for Teams" kills their entire account, including content created / accesses granted before joining the team. I think that part of this is that most of the lower 48 US states (24-47° North) are closer to the equator than most of England (50-54° North). 95°F isn't an extremely hot day. We get 95°F days in the summer in Seattle, the city of perma-drizzle (47° North). From personal experience, most houses in this area don't have air conditioning. In the South, people regularly see much hotter days (I think Arizona (33°N) tops 110°F / 43°C during the summer). Also, traditional grep can easily find 'silver needle': `grep silver\ needle haystack`. However, it is perfectly possible in Linux to turn overcommit off. So you still need to check (or segfault…). Looking at the heart rate charts on the front page, it seems that the rates during meditation are actually much higher on average (eyeballed at 92 bpm) than the rates while surfing the internet (eyeballed average of 75 bpm) (and while the meditation rates have a lower variance, their mean seems to be in about the same range as the absolute highest heart rates while surfing the web). As someone who knows nothing about meditation (but obviously I have some background assumptions), this is surprising to me. I would expect meditation to be relaxing, and I would expect to see lower, i.e., closer to resting heart rates ( In general, the interview questions I've gotten are designed to test general CS knowledge and the ability to translate an algorithm into code. This is important, and as an interviewer myself, a lot of candidates fail at the translating to code step. Design questions are (at a high level) maybe even closer to "how would you do your job?" than coding questions. I have yet to see a company ask for specific experience with VB.net 2012 edition and exclude candidates like myself who are only familiar with C/Python/Java. If they do, I'd recommend straight out lying (for languages). You can pick languages up really quickly. For platforms, maybe you really should know it and it is actually relevant to your potential job. If the job you are applying for is to work on a rails site or develop a mobile app, I would argue that it is pretty important that you are already familiar with those technologies (and their pitfalls)… I wouldn't exclude someone unfamiliar with a specific framework, but as an employer you understand that ramping them up to speed is going to take a significant amount of time. Fwiw, CascadeLink is a high-speed apartment building ISP in the Seattle area (or at least, I that's why I recognize the name). Some of my friends get 30/30 for $40/mo. You would have to, wouldn't you? It's Oracle... But both clients still need to be able to decrypt it with their separate keys... even if the cleartext hash matches, the stored data is ciphertext and can only be encrypted with one user's key. True. But -1*INT_MIN is still 1 greater than INT_MAX in two's complement ... so that's signed overflow and thus undefined behavior in C. Assuming x86 signed overflow behavior, you're just back to INT_MIN again? Or am I crazy? Sorry, the use of the nym INT_MIN suggested to me that the implementation under the covers was C. It looks like it was once an interpreter, but is now compiled down to CLR and run with Mono. But, how does the second user to upload the same file know the file's encryption key (since presumably the server only knows ENCRYPT(FILE_KEY with USER1_KEY))? It seems like either the server must know the file's encryption key, or the key must be derivable from the contents... which is no good. Wolves and dogs can't do this over nearly the same distance humans can — they shed body heat through panting and can only keep up a run for 3-6 miles[0]. Humans can run marathons. [0]: I don't remember my source for this, sorry. But this is interesting for similar reasons: https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Man_versus_Horse_Marathon Edit: I should say, wolves/dogs can run for long distances too, at a slower gait. But they can only out-pace human marathon-distance runners for a few miles before overheating. Edit 2: Found a source[1]: "Dogs can gallop for only about 10 to 15 minutes before reverting to a trot, and so their distance-running speed tops out at about 3.8 meters per second." As commenters below have pointed out, yes, if it's cold enough, this doesn't matter ;-). [1]: http://www.slate.com/articles/sports/sports_nut/2012/06/long...