To participate, you can donate here: https://givedirectly.org/give-basic-income (They're also listing fee-less Alternative Donation Options there, but I can't quite figure out how to use those to donate to this specific experiment.) I mean... AirBnB or Uber? If some of them set up schools or other things that benefit the local community as a whole, wouldn't that be far better than someone developing some app or something and probably moving to the West and earn shitloads of money? Depends on how casual :P But probably not. (Edit: Note: I mean you don't _have_ to. You might like the performance increase, but if you only use it casually, even that might not be worth the trouble.) Not perfect, but: https://whispersystems.org/blog/signal-desktop/ React's virtual DOM has a far smaller performance impact than the web components polyfills have... Matching Firefox in functionality is quite an undertaking, so for the short to mid term, the former is far more likely to be successful. That said, I think Servo has a bright future ahead as well, even before the long term. For example, matching the functionality of embedded rendering engines for hybrid apps is far more likely, and Servo has its speed as a major advantage over the competition. And who knows, it might make it into Firefox for Android :) > Good journals, in theory, are more selective about what they publish It should be noted that this selectivity is not just on quality, but also e.g. on how "groundbreaking" the results are. This results in papers in top journals actually being retracted more often than in others, since they're more likely to be false. Because there are more than a single one :) Obligatory: https://xkcd.com/927/ I wonder if, in a year or two, this will affect the Impact Factor of these journals - i.e. will their articles be cited less often now academics have (theoretically) no access to it? And then a few years later, will this the number of articles submitted drop as well? (Assuming, of course, that no agreement will be reached at all.) By boycotting? I think I dislike underworking as much as overworking. If they get to "as good as", they have the advantage of being open source. This could convince _some_ projects. Next step: make it open http://www.hackertyper.com/ I do seem to recall that processing happens locally, which would give it an edge over at least Google Now (and possibly Siri, as I don't know how that works). In my case, it's "I'm not uneasy about thinking about what happens to my body after I'm dead, but I'm uneasy about 'tricking' people who might actually be uneasy about it". Where I think "I'm uneasy" is understating a feeling of which you might not understand the intensity if you're not feeling it that way. Work is an especially odd situation as "your way" is not necessarily to benefit you. Oftentimes, you both have the same goal ("what's best for the company"), but you disagree on how to reach that ("A is best" vs "B is best"). Once you realise and agree on that, conflicts become easier to resolve. > Hell, I can't even use the terminal for a single session without accidentally triggering the App Launcher several times. Pretty sure that has to do with you being used to different keyboard shortcuts, not with any inherent properties of the terminal app. I'm currently experiencing this the other way around (working on OS X being used to Ubuntu), and struggling with it as well. Reading the Netflix engineering blog now and then, I do appreciate how many of their engineering decisions also take into account the effect it will have on their colleagues, i.e. "does this change affect how quickly/independently our engineers can do stuff"? I think I usually get full articles, but also _all_ comment replies by that author. That gets old quickly as well. Set DuckDuckGo as your default search engine and you don't even need to do any configuring. You can then just type `!wiki India` or `!gi birds` or any other !bang: https://duckduckgo.com/bang - It allows you to easily delete a line without needing to also modify the line before. - It also makes your diffs cleaner. With the latter, if you add a line, you'll also have to inspect the `radius: Float` line when doing a code review, even though it only added a comma. I see what you're saying, but since I really strongly think my being skeptical guards me from missing falsehoods regardless, I'm not going to take this. > How would a typical user know that? I think that's basically the main problem: there is no way to get a typical user to understand security implications of anything without having that user give up before reaching that point... "Someone I know" Sorry, it was a joke, but guess I didn't layer it on thick enough - I was exactly demonstrating your point :P I think machine learning applied to health care is how we will finally be convinced to take implants that monitor us and upload data about our bodily functioning to the cloud. Spectacle does so as well: http://formidable.com/open-source/spectacle/ When presenting code, Spectacle [1] i.c.w. spectacle-code-slide [2] is pretty sweet, although a bit messy to set up (but that's true for revealjs as well). [1] http://formidable.com/open-source/spectacle/ [2] https://github.com/thejameskyle/spectacle-code-slide > after even a few moments of consideration While your general point might be right, this is an unfair implication. They've gave it plenty of consideration, considered with many, many people, and did so all in the open: https://blog.mozilla.org/opendesign/ They've tested it with "regular" people that fall into their target audience, so it probably works well enough for that. https://blog.mozilla.org/opendesign/ They did do focus groups, apparently your concern wasn't actually a problem: https://blog.mozilla.org/opendesign/ Excellent overview. I wonder if the author also had a reason for skipping tslint, other than perhaps not knowing about it? Edit: Also, why do fewer and fewer sites have an RSS feed? :( Well, it's about as accurate as calling Apple and Facebook "unstoppable juggernauts". You decide how accurate that is :) Nice article. One question though: > Perform a second ‘validation’ test repeating your original test to check that the effect is real Isn't this just the same as taking a larger sample size? So basically, it means waiting a while before performing the test again? Since "larger sample size" mostly just means "keep the test running for longer", so the difference is that in that case, the "second" test is very close in time to the "first" test? So what would the conclusions be in the two-test and large-test case? My assumption would be that if one of the two tests would fail, then the correlation in a large test would also have been so low as to mean no effect? Right, thanks. And am I correct in thinking that your final sentence before the parentheses means that two medium tests are worse, because you don't want to filter out likely failures? > be mad at the widgets, not the pushing-you-to-not-be-awful I think the point was: be mad at both :) > This shit is important for increasing investor confidence in countries with nascent court systems and political systems used to corruption and nepotism. Isn't it up to a country to make itself attractive to investors, i.e. by not pulling all that shit? Maybe an algorithm that ranks based on number of unique contributors in the past month or so? I would guess the Elm is used more often than Scala.js. But then again, I have no data :) I think the more likely explanation is that Google withdrew* once it became clear that Chrome was far more popular. This same event led Mozilla to do some soul-searching (aka user surveys, etc.) as to why they were losing users, and what their USP was compared to Google - privacy is one of them. * Note that "withdrew" might also mean "offered less money than before because Firefox had less users than before, and Yahoo! offering more. In case your comment reminds others: https://donate.mozilla.org/ :) https://xkcd.com/1172/ Yeah, I use XPrivacy, but this makes it really hard to know which things I should allow and which I shouldn't... Additionally, if you really want to get productive, you'll also need to get to know which libraries/frameworks to use, and how to use them (idiomatically). This is the most time-consuming tasks, I think. If people entered their good passwords on your site without noticing that it was unencrypted, then great, they should now consider that password compromised... As a user, as soon as I notice it's unencrypted, I'm _going_ assume the password is also probably not encrypted nor salted, and other users will probably have done so. (Of course, even better would be a different password per site, but...) Hmm, so let's say I'm hosting my static files on S3. I've currently got CloudFlare setup in front of it but that apparently doesn't help. Anything I can do other than not using S3? You could not uninstall IE, but at least you could install Firefox on Windows. You can't use any truly different browser than Safari on iOS, so until that's possible, I'm hating on it as much on iOS as I hated on IE on Windows. Even if it's lagging behind less than IE did, I still strongly dislike being at Apple's mercy rather than the users'. Still not supported by IE, I'm afraid :( It's surprising he got away with the term "webmasters". Right, so I've currently got CloudFront in front of it, but doesn't that move the problem? Now the connection between CloudFront and S3 is unencrypted. (I'm probably understanding this wrong, but I'd like to understand why.) I do think learning React taught me a lot of fundamentals. I think the idea is that this isn't used directly - although of course, we'll have to see that it won't. The mindset is that of the Extensible Web: https://extensiblewebmanifesto.org/ Basically, a lot of work is currently being done on WebAssembly and wasm.js. This means that languages will be compiled for browsers, and some of those will need/want parallelism. The question is: what do they need for that? Shared buffers allow for constructs to be built on top to explore what primitives are needed for parallelism for compiler targets. Heh, while I see your point to some extent, you can't really argue there's any (popular) browser that does this better than Firefox :) Why include Mozilla in those parentheses? The disadvantage is that if your rewrite branch is halfway finished, you _can_ merge in the latest main branch, but if you do the reverse (which is exactly as much effort), you're blocking the other developers until your rewrite is done. I think that in this case both are possible, since the sentence can be interpreted to refer to either the percentage or the applications, as you point out. Take it with a grain of salt as I'm not a native speaker either, but non-native speakers are also often more conscious about grammar ;) Also note that every browser that supports grid also supports @supports: https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/docs/Web/CSS/@supports This means that you can start implementing it today for modern browsers, and then remove the old one once you are ready to ditch old browsers. SF projects should be about promoting openness though, so if "ease of governments" also means "making the government more transparent", that might be an option. Actually, if a browser did support grid but not @supports, wrapping your grid in @supports would result in the grid rules not being used. True, in that case you're screwed :) It's more like "I make binoculars, but so many of my potential buyers are in a walled garden that only allows them to see half as far as the rest of them". Because all websites with cool features like working offline don't have those features on the iPhone. Or at least, I hope this will soon be the case. Sadly, it not working on the iPhone will probably mean it's often not worth investing into at all. Note that GitLab is a for-profit company as well. It's just that it aligns better with the open source values. ...and keep it up (sorry, couldn't resist :P) > the guys you're entrusting with keeping your code safe. To add to the other replies: I'm not trusting them with keeping my code safe (everybody has copies on their own computers). I'm trusting them with facilitating my workflow, helping me collaborate, and also to keep my issues etc. safe. So yes, this can have a relatively large impact in terms of not being able to work as efficiently for a day and potentially losing some issues, but nowhere near as disastrous as losing all my code. > (I know the "real solution" is "use a frontend framework and write front-end-unit-tests instead", but usually you're writing the acceptance tests for something that already exists). Eh, GUI tests definitely have their place, although they can be far less specific than your unit tests. They're pretty great for quick and regular confidence checks. Anyway, TestCafe says it doesn't use Selenium, but I haven't tried that yet: https://testcafe.devexpress.com/ I very much agree to this. In fact, I'd consider Redux to be more the application of React's ideas to state management than an implementation of Flux: https://vincenttunru.com/A-short-history-of-Javascript-frame... It sounds like Vue is easier for the style of teams working at GitLab, where there are designers that mostly do the HTML+CSS. You might have a point about Postgres being faster than whatever NoSQL database, but there's really no need for all the name calling. Especially the "lazy" is very uncalled for in my opinion - there's just too much to learn, and too little time. If you're a 20-something (or whatever age, for that matter) and have to maintain the entire system of a single company, you're simply not going to be able to be a master of every part of the stack, or even know where you're making the wrong choices. > How is that a valid justification for reinventing the wheel, and poorly at that? I'm not talking about the people reinventing the wheel, I'm talking about the people using the reinvented wheels and not realising that it's a reinvented wheel. > try actually listening to older developers This is harder than you make it sound. On the internet, it's hard to know who to listen to, and in real life, it can be hard to find older developers working on something relevant to you, and even then their skill levels differ. And then they should even want to bother with holding your hand while you're setting up your first database, making sure you don't botch up the performance by not doing things that come natural for someone who's been working with PostgreSQL for years and years. So now I have a list of things I should learn according to a random person on the internet, that no one in real-life ever gave me before. How am I to know that this list is the one? Why not every similar list that has ever been given to me? And how am I going to develop the front-end of our new website after learning everything you named? There'll still be a lot left to learn before I can even hope to have produced something. Maybe you should actually visit a foreign country. It's quite nice here. Well, there's this: https://github.com/WhisperSystems/Signal-Server GitLab has this: https://docs.gitlab.com/ee/push_rules/push_rules.html#preven... (enterprise edition, admittedly) That could very well be true; I hoped to have phrased my comment in a way that would bring across my uncertainty :) But if you only care about your apps, there's no real reason to run ReactOS. You'd also have to care about free or open source software. It's kind of odd that there's no Dutch version of this article (yet)... That said, I'm glad they're standing up for us. Hmm OK, then it's odd that I couldn't find it, but I guess I'm overestimating by browsing-fu :P Thanks! https://xkcd.com/1172/ I think it's more like customers always being able to display Yelp reviews for the restaurant they're currently standing in front of on their phones or AR glasses or whatever. Mozilla open sources everything, and has an open Internet as its mission? I'd trust them to do that with Pocket far more than Facebook with... Facebook. Luckily caching is not one of the two most difficult things in computer science :) Thanks for sharing, that was an incredible story. I still have warm feelings for the idea that the open map might -will- still win this. A whitelist is sure to get them anti-competitiveness suits, and rightly so. They're both undesirable, but a whitelist is easier to fight. I do wonder why, if they're _really_ fine with that, why they're not fine with browsers with different rendering engines on iOS. Since they're not, I wouldn't have _too much_ faith in other things not being rejected. They already have, to some extent. The only web browser (or, well, rendering engine) allowed on iOS is ones using the WebKit they provide. This is the reason is took ages for Firefox to appear on iOS, and even today isn't actually Firefox and thus can't make use of features usually in Firefox like supporting websites using CSS Grid, or WebAssembly, or Service Workers, or WebRTC, or... > Libraries and tooling can also be a barrier for new developers. I recently built a project using EcmaScript 7 (babel), only to later realize that our junior dev was getting stuck trying to figure out what it all meant. Huge toll on the team’s productivity. While I agree that libraries and tooling an be a barrier[1], I think getting junior devs up to speed with the (latest version of a) language is part of the toll you're accepting when hiring a junior. [1] Although this still holds true if you write the library yourself, so be reluctant in getting rid of libraries that save you more than they cost you. I think it's somewhat of a middle ground. What I think hampers your ability to understand code, next to not knowing what variable names are supposed to mean, is not being able to easily discern variables from eachother, making you do double-takes while reading and thus making it more difficult to understand. If your code is littered with variables like longAndMeaningful and longAndWithMeaning and lengthyAndMeaningful etc, that becomes really annoying to read. And of course, there's a difference between longAndMeaninful and reallyVeryLongWindedAndExplicitButOhSoMeaninful. And let's not start about the FactoryFactoryBuilderEtc thingies. For anyone else annoyed that there's no RSS feed: http://feed43.com/0475703031862353.xml I really hope the music industry isn't going that way as well... But then again, actually writing a code formatter does show quite some respect ;) The browser needn't directly send info to the server; it simply has to be available to client-side Javascript. That can then, in turn, send that info to the server, which (I think) is really hard for browsers to detect. It's interesting how OP says people are moving towards more functional-style Javascript, but also dismisses statically typed Javascript. The two work really well together. That's basically how people have been using email already. By itself it doesn't really have anything to do with it; they're solutions to completely different problems. (That said, I'm not quite sure what you mean by the "problem" of virtual DOM?) What _is_ interesting, though, is having your virtual DOM be the output of a reactive stream, and having a virtual DOM library use that to update the actual DOM. This is the approach Cycle.js takes: https://cycle.js.org/ I can understand if people think it's a fad, but I would expect people who _do_ like it to also like TypeScript :) That said, if someone thinks language designers from the past are idiots, then they also shouldn't like functional programming, as it's at least as old. 7% for Bing? That's huge! (Also, how about DuckDuckGo? I've got the (admittedly gut) feeling that it should at least outperform Ask and Excite.)