Thanks for your comment. Nr.2 is possible, thus the reason I decided to detach and try to analyze the situation more objectively, and I think in my case the truth is somewhere in the middle. Thanks @maxklein, this is really insightful. You are absolutely right, complaining doesn't change things. My priority in life is actually money (not wealth), since then I can earn freedoms I would otherwise not have, like working on what I like. And right now I don't earn much, but some of the people I work with have been great, so detachment is really hard to achieve. I'm thinking, as other people said, to work on a startup, but until then your advice is great: I should work on improving the team's morale. That would help everybody, including me. Thanks @SwellJoe, This is the kind of advice I searched for. I actually feel like a jackass, but I don't have experience which such conflicts and I let things get out of control. I actually was under the impression that I could change things just by pointing out the flaws. I was wrong of course. Unfortunately I am the type of developer that's interested in multiple topics, ranging from algorithms (parsers, data-mining, inductive reasoning), to usability. And it sucks because I have opinions about everything. Thanks, I would miss Mono. Yeah, but Youtube got acquired, and it really hasn't had a business model. I think this getting big fast is really useful when you want to get bought. From my pov those are anomalies, rather than the norm. For every Google, Youtube and Facebook, there are thousands of startups with similar strategies that fail. I think it is safer to go the long route and start small, working your way to the top, charging a price right from the beginning. If your application is useful, users will pay for it. When you're introducing revenue later, you have to provide extra value. This means more features and so you're endangering your core values. When you're starting to charge for existing features, by limiting the free accounts, you will surely upset your existing users. Google tried to introduce advertising in YouTube videos, and the community was not happy about it ... and imagine a site like YouTube placing a limit on how many videos you can watch. No matter how hooked your users are, you still can lose them, not to mention that popular services like YouTube got cloned and there is competition waiting for those users. People have been charging money or other goods in exchange for products/services since forever. I don't really understand this trend of releasing products for free. The only viable exit strategy is for your company to be acquired by a big player, but if you want your business model to be sustainable you should question this trend. When you're running Linux as your desktop, it's impossible to not hear about them. Their product is based on Wine, which is a pretty decent emulation of the Windows APIs, but it is a bitch to setup properly, so you start looking around for more professional solutions. CodeWeavers, besides their own contributions to Wine, have the advantage that they test their setup against popular software. I don't think he was looking for an original idea. Ideas are overrated and cheap anyway. QA is really useful, but there's a big downside to it. When you have people who's job is to test code, developers get lazy and sloppy. Also, bugs do appear in production if you can release code the same day you wrote it, but you can fix it as soon as you find out about it. In big companies that work with milestones (sprints in agile speak), only really critical bugs can be fixed between releases. Not to mention that most bugs are fixed after code-freeze, when all the deliverables of that milestone are ready, long after you find out about it. So I guess it's best to have QA, but also the freedom to deploy code on production whenever you want. Not to mention that politicians and the American people sent those soldiers in Irak ;) The commercial licensing still has value, because LGPL has the same restrictions as GPL, minus the clause that states that you can't combine GPL with licenses that have more restrictions that it. For example, it must be possible for customers to link your application to newer versions of the LGPL licensed library. And any modifications you make to the library itself must be also licensed under LGPL or compatible. Actually, Linux won over BSD because BSD's legal status was in question when AT&T sued BSDi. Also, Linux was appealing for hackers, as even today, it's harder to contribute to BSD, having a more centralized development methodology than Linux. http://www.mindfulnesscds.com/author.html Because "computers are useless. They can only give you answers" ;) > Templating tends to break down because it forces you to treat code and markup as two different and fundamentally incompatible things. Well of course code and markup are two different things, but incompatible? Not really. We use HTML templates simply to let the designers play with the templates without our interference. It also makes changes easier to integrate. Otherwise we could use a DSL and transform the syntax tree in valid xhtml (which many people are already doing). > Rather than poking holes in HTML to insert code, we should simply treat HTML as code. Actually that means poking holes in your code to insert HTML. And it's worse IMO. While I like some of the articles Jeff has published on his blog, but I've long since deleted the blog's feed from my list because the signal to noise ration is really awful. I like Coke more because Pepsi is too sweet for me. Actually that's not true. Functions in Ruby aren't first class citizens, and for a given function you can't request / modify it's syntax tree. Otherwise, I consider the blur between code and data a good thing to have. The second property you mention has a good name: polymorphism Well, Lisp. And even in C# 3.0, when passing lambda expressions you can request a syntax tree instead of a method reference. I don't think so. As much as free-software advocates like to pat themselves on the back, there are many projects out there that succeeded gaining popularity without a restrictive license like the GPL, and I also think that the GPL is so popular purely by fashion and because its restrictions are irrelevant for web-based applications. A project's success can only be attributed to the people working on it, and to sheer luck. Of course, it is kind of an incentive for companies to contribute back and for the community to have some legal protection, that's why I understand the need for LGPL or MPL. But GPL itself should not be considered open-source ... all the software you or I wrote is and will always be a derivate of public domain, and the usage of a library should not dictate the distribution rights of the final product, but only the distribution rights of the library in question. It's kind of ironic that proprietary platforms like dotNET are more open in this regard. Also, I don't think Apple did more harm to open-source than Red Hat did. At least they don't pretend to be some kind of saviors of humanity. The problem with Red Hat is that they sell a brand, not a product, and while many Red Hat employees are allowed to work on open-source stuff, there's no competition, no room for second place, no market. Unless you have a community of enthusiasts, like Debian of course, which is also technically superior in some ways, but those people don't see any direct earnings for their contribution. I know the term has rules for being used, but those rules are too permissive if GPL is accepted (not to mention GPL 3 which now includes hardware restrictions). If I want to run away with a library and do my own thing, I don't see a problem with that if I'm giving back the changes to the library itself. Otherwise it cannot be viewed as a public good, as some might suggest. You can't compare a public good, such as a road to GPL software, because you aren't required to transport your merchandise for free on that road ... I know, stupid analogy, but you get my point. Proprietary software shouldn't be considered a virus that we should get rid of, that's not an open mindset in my book. Look, I'm not questioning their contributions, just the current state of affairs. If Red Hat vanished tomorrow, Linux would still be developed and maintained, even though it would suffer a setback. That's because there are many other companies and communities that help with that. The problem is that only Red Hat earns serious money directly from selling Linux licenses, although it relies on contributions of many other companies and individuals to do so. The other companies only earn money from complementary products and consulting services ... services which don't scale unless you're a superstar developer charging $500 / hour or you have lots of resources to hire lots of people to answer support calls. Although they shouldn't care since they are a company, and I do appreciate their contributions, the culprit is from my pov the GPL license ... and the perfect open-source license is LGPL-like ... that's all I tried to say. The web has always been 2.0 ... this potential of the Internet could've been seen since the early days of Usenet. The problem with websites was that companies couldn't wrap their head around the many-to-many communication and collaboration systems we see in use today ... and when O'Reilly coined the term suddenly people became aware like flies spotting honey :) > Examples include using recorded music as an advertisement for big, expensive concerts and begging people to donate after they already have your music for free. What? But this is exactly how musicians earned their living since the forever. > Downloaders sometimes say it is because "music isn't as good as it used to be". That's not true. Many people simply claim that the good stuff isn't being promoted as it should. Instead what you'll see all day on MTV are boy bands. I do pay for the music I like. Not because I want to reward the artists, but because it's a lot of fun going to the mall, looking at entire shelfs of CDs, meet girls, stuff like that. And when I'm going to a concert I feel the need to re-listen to the songs I just heard. Unix is much more than an operating system. It's also a time-tested philosophy of building software. See here: http://www.catb.org/~esr/writings/taoup/html/ch01s06.html This is true for now. But software sells, and the big software companies (Microsoft, Intel, IBM, Oracle, Google, etc ...) practically have unlimited financial power. I do understand why most computers come with a Windows-tax, but it's not because of technical superiority. The only thing that's stopping them is the fast progress of technology, and the inability to scale your production by hiring all the programmers you can get your hands on ... thank God it's still an industry that requires talent, making it very hard to beat a handful of talented engineers with 100 day-workers. But I wouldn't bet against such groups in the future. DRM is failing because it's a poor technological solution applied to a social problem, but I'm waiting for the day when the Internet will be regulated ... it's already happening. As a kid I never understood why some of the kinds made it a hobby to trash the sandcastles built by the others. It was an interesting phenomenon to watch :) Maybe they thought that if they wanted to, they can do better, but they never did. It would be really hard ... because it involves studying your intentions rather than your moves. In chess this is doable (the intent is clearer after the fact, and the possible moves are more limited), but think about CStrike for example ... how is your algorithm going to realize that you're protecting a gate because you don't want your opponents to sneak behind your teammates? Even simple questions become hard ... say you're attacking X1 just as a distraction, while your teammates are attacking X2 ... a team uses slight variations of some tactic, it's mostly never the same (different men in charge, different hotspots, switching between X1 and X2, etc ...). Gathering useful statistics about it requires lots of played games and lots of resources, and I don't think it's doable on your average gamer's hardware. I know, stupid example :) but you get the point. > Stability and Scalability are properties of architectures But the architecture starts at the virtual machine level. Without a decent VM you'll have to put more effort into building a scalable architecture. True story: the team working on Photoshop Express tried Rails for displaying a 404 Not Found page (containing some dynamic content). Because the interface was already in tests by a lot of people, they couldn't even display a static rhtml template ... Mongrel was segfaulting because of the high loads. Now, this may be an incident that got fixed since then (last Summer), I wouldn't know since I'm not working with Rails ... but it surely sends shivers down my spine. But then you'd have all these tech articles and blog/forum posts bitching about how Mac OS X sucks because it doesn't support hardware X ... just like you have with Linux. It's a known fact that people don't look at the hardware compatibility list before buying a X86 machine, not even the more technically inclined ones (I know I don't ... and I'm running Linux ... although I should know better ... somehow I hope that whatever problem I have, it would get solved shortly). And there's always the issue of having partnerships with the hardware companies to write those drivers for them, because they cannot do it on their own (lack of specifications, resources available). Microsoft couldn't pull it for Vista ... the drivers demanded from hardware manufactures were lately delivered and improperly tested. JRuby is in good shape, you can deploy Rails on it. And besides, there are many people with investments in Java already. I think this is a pretty good choice. Now, if they also added Mono (.NET) that would be great. | I have seen worse pictures on the side of a bus shelter So? That makes it any less wrong? | Society suffers when everyone has to tiptoe around some deranged minority's wacky list of things to be outraged about Do you have evidence about this? I think that's quite the contrary. Surely free speech is important, having personally experienced the aftermath of a communist regime, and not being allowed calling a turd for what it is surely sucks. But this is a different story. And I think that deranged minority you're speaking of are the women. | I could not care less if a small number of easily-offended prudes are scared away by a mild show of skin. What ever happened to manners? Personally I don't care about looking professional. I don't like the term, because "professional" means working for money, and I happen to enjoy what I do. But this isn't about being professional or not. This is about respecting other people. It's about showing courtesy to others, such that the others can do the same for you. I don't know in what society you live in, but I'm fed up with the racist, antisemitic and generally foul language in the one I live in. Maybe you've been spoiled? ;) Vim, Emacs and Textmate aren't IDEs per se. They are general purpose text editors optimized for editing texts (although one could argue Emacs is an OS :)) The nature of Python is such that it's not possible to determine precisely all members of an object at compile time. I've used PyDev and I discovered that auto-completion in Python actually annoys me because it doesn't work all the time. For example, in Python you can add a method with a simple x.__dict__['method'] = some_method, not to mention magic methods like __getattr__. The trouble is many Python modules add members to classes through various meta-programming techniques. When using PyDev searching for a member name, instead of using the API's documentation, you can find yourself assuming that the member you're looking for does not exist, leading you in a wrong direction, and thus waisting more time. If the behavior of intellisense is unpredictable, it kind of stands in your way more than it helps. And without intellisense, it makes no sense to use a bloated IDE for Python (or dynamic languages in general). Dynamic languages have simple APIs anyway that can be learned easily. I have a shortcut defined for the "dir" and "help" commands in Python, and for "perldoc" in Perl, executed on the token under the cursor, and with the help of flymake-mode, it's more than enough. And in many instances it's even more productive ... if I don't remember the usage of DateTime::Format::Strptime in Perl I just look at the CPAN docs with perldoc, copy/pasting the example given. " I don't agree. I've met plenty of people, especially in tech, who won't spend time broadening their horizon " But 'learning things before you need them' is a different thing. It should be something like "always keep learning towards your goals". And that's what people do. Unfortunately different people have different goals and motivators. That's why many will stay away from books and from exciting new stuff, as long as they still get to keep their job. Since you talked about Scala, when I worked on my last Java project for a former employer (a period that lasted like a year) the architecture and the tools (imposed to us by upper management) were so bad, that I was desperate to find new things to alleviate the pain (that's when I read Code Generation in Action). When I got into a data-mining project I read something like 4 books in the research phase. Nobody likes learning for the purpose of learning. It's a painful process if the learned skills aren't applied (not to mention that memory tends to garbage collect useless information). I doubt it. Our brains aren't designed that way (I even saw studies about it, but right now I can't search for any, 'working). There are always other motives for doing it. For example I'm learning new things out of belief that doing it will improve my life in some way. I liked computer science because of the thrills of building things, and I keep on learning to break my own limits, always wanting to build better applications / algorithms. Seeing the results of my work makes me really happy (that's not too uncommon among us developers I believe). I also liked math in college because I've always enjoyed solving puzzles, and for the satisfactions of doing it before the others did. I'm also not using Microsoft's stack, the Unix world having grown on me, but I think you're mistaken. Their flagship product, Windows, has some poor design decisions in it, decisions that were dictated mostly by their customers ... you can read "The Old New Thing: Practical Development Throughout the Evolution of Windows" by Raymond Chen for some insights on this. But otherwise the Windows programming model is pretty solid and consistent (usually). Parrot 1.0 was released. This means the API is more stable, and this was the main problem of Rakudo (the Perl 6 compiler for Parrot). The jokes about Perl 6 are kind of lame. It's an open-source project and you can check its progress (instead of reading reddit :)) ... regular releases are made, and it does have a comprehensive tests suite. The latest version released in April is passing 10467 spectests (65% of the tests suite), with an increase of 3194 since March. I know that it's fun joking about such projects, but Perl 6/Parrot are very ambitions, and even if they could use some help, progress is being made. I wouldn't be surprised if the "Christmas release" is this year. I don't use .NET myself, but what I like about it is the availability of multiple languages for the CLR. I find very alluring the possibility of mixing and matching languages according to the task at hand without having to deal with IPC. I could really find usages for actor-based concurrency, but using Erlang seems to me like throwing the baby out with the bathwater. "That means that you might just as well take LLVM out of the picture, and compare Java vs. C++." Not really, if you can dynamically load libraries at runtime, then you can separate the platform-dependent code from the main codebase, making it possible to target multiple targets without recompilation. "The only thing you then have to care about is memory utilization" I don't know much about the JVM internals, but isn't JIT'ing a more expensive process (as in CPU + memory) for the JVM? If you keep the CPU load maximized for both, won't more of those resources be used by the JVM's JIT'ing and GC'ing? Yes. That's true. Axum is different because it is designed for a specific domain by the same people that are designing .NET. This means changes to the CLR may be pushed forward to accommodate features in Axum. I don't know if the tail call instruction in the CLR was added because of F#, or because of the research they did while trying to compile Haskell on top of .NET, but it's there. The problem with the JVM is that there isn't a centralized effort for those multiple languages. You can slap any interpreter on top of any other interpreter and then say that "multiple languages are available", but that won't make it useful. Although new features are pushed in the OpenJDK to make dynamic invocation of methods lighter, more infrastructure is needed ... like a common MOP used for communication between these languages (like the DLR). There's a strong lack of leadership between the language implementors working with the JVM, because SUN couldn't care less about it and everybody is scared of new features in Java-land. System libraries are accessible, but bindings are still hard to write and maintain. Even when it comes to open-source communities that offer help for writing such bindings, the effort is still big ... try writing a GTK+ application in Haskell or CLisp ... yes, bindings for those two exist, but you're in for some pain. Another reason is documentation. You'll have an easier time finding documentation/examples for the main language of the OS. Another reason: having dependencies that aren't available on the target OS does impose additional development costs (if you don't want to give the user the burden of installing those dependencies). And if the distribution is over the Internet, it also means a bigger download size and extra harddisk space. These things may or may not matter, but imagine a simple feedreader that requires a 30MB download and 200MB of free disk space. The main language of the OS doesn't necessarily have to be C/C++. It's the language that's best supported and encouraged by the company/community that maintains the OS (although it's currently not possible to write system drivers in C# on Windows, work is being done to lift some device drivers in user mode, which would make a good fit for .NET) While working for my last employer, a big software company, I had lots of free time ... milestones lasted a month, and the work we did in a milestone could have been made in 3 days of hard work by talented engineers with no endless meetings, and no internal systems to integrate to. And we used the worst tools ever. Having free time was great, but in my contract was specified that everything I worked on in my free time belonged to the company. Now I'm working at a small consultancy company that's run by an old friend of mine. It's not bad, but we offer consultancy services and that means ... - at least 3 projects I have to work on simultaneously - the projects have to be finished as soon as possible, such that we can collect the money :) This means we can't give too much love to those projects (although I'm learning a lot about meeting customer expectations and cutting features that aren't essential ... which is great) When I joined I thought it would be great since I will have enough time to work on my own projects, and no contract to stop me from doing it. That's not the case :( At home, when I feel like working on something, I end up working on tasks that are late at work. > relying on applications that you can't modify Personally I don't worry about that. What I worry about is the safety of my data. When the day comes when I can't use a desktop client to download email from GMail, or when I won't be able to open a .doc file without M. Office, then I'll be worried. > If it's not, everyone is at the mercy of one company. I don't know about that. I've heard it from Stallman's talks but it's too dramatic for my taste. What people should be worrying about is open specs to protocols and file formats. The best example of a software monopoly is Windows, and if Windows was the only operating system available, then we'd surely be at the mercy of one company. But that's not the case and while some people can point to the GPL as the catalyst, that's not necessarily the case. It might be the technology's fast pace or the academia which has always favored collaboration, not to mention that the open source model of development is in many ways just better. I don't think software is the domain in which monopolies can be established indefinitely. From time to time I have to explain to colleagues why I prefer a minimalistic approach to programming. One analogy to cars :) ... for normal people, having automatic transmission is great ... you can drive the vehicle with only one hand, and it allows you to concentrate more on the actual driving. But race cars still have manual or semi-automatic transmissions. Thus race drivers are empowered to do neat tricks while driving ... like not changing gears while passing another car to not lose acceleration. A manual transmission is also great for off road driving. And great drivers are also good mechanics ... cars break during races, and without knowing your car, you probably won't finish. Of course, not all of us are meant to be race drivers. But if you want to be the best you can be, taking the ease route is not the way to go. That's called "sarcasm" ;) > you have so many high-level considerations that also thinking about the low-level implications would simply be too much You still have to have a high-level perspective on how things are working, because abstractions are often leaky. For example, I don't care much about tasks related to systems administration, allowing me to concentrate on what matters to me ... for instance I don't care about the difference between Postfix and Sendmail, or the difference between Apache and Lighttpd ... I just use the one I know until I have a problem with it, but when I do have a problem I have to find ways to solve it. And some knowledge on how the protocols and processes work really help. Worse than that, these people are pushing DRM and probably lobbied for DMCA. Maybe those applications failed because the idea behind them was not that useful / interesting? Marketing is important, but a kick-ass implementation of a good idea usually sells itself without much effort. Google's Android looks more attractive every day. Although I do understand that Apple has to keep some level of quality in their store (they're not doing a good job imho), clearly they haven't learned anything from their own history ... a platform friendly to hackers wins in the long run. No, the anonymous functions do capture the current context. See here: http://cobra-language.com/trac/cobra/browser/cobra/trunk/Tes... Search for the test that increments the "count" variable. I don't really like the syntax for these anonymous methods. Boo is more readable in this regard: http://boo.codehaus.org/Closures One of the reasons Windows won was by being open to developers. It was pretty common back in the days for OS vendors to put a price on the SDK. And Linux was just starting. Linux is friendly on the server side, but on the client side there are many things lacking. > Therefore, we should grab any opportunity to show them that they are wrong. Why? Do you think you can change someone's faith through science? Good luck with that. Personally I don't understand the conflict ... how is evolution a threat to God's existence? I mean, there's no mention in the bible that He created the world in seven earth days, or how He did it. CPAN: http://search.cpan.org/~birney/bioperl-1.2.3/ CPAN rocks :) Maybe that's because Ruby 1.9 isn't being used in production yet. I tried using it but many gems are still incompatible with it. > Once you lower the the db io issues ... It is highly unlikely that happens. Once you lower your DB issues, if the application is responsive enough you start working on other features. By the time you're done the application got new users and the DB is a problem again ... it's a cycle :) Fortunately HTTP servers do scale by caching and load-balancing. The author of the post probably never worked in real-world conditions. You first have to have users and real needs for scaling, and that doesn't happen unless you deliver a useful application first, and you also have to deliver it pretty fast, otherwise you might lose to a competitor with the same idea. I like Perl ... using modern Perl practices and CPAN modules. It's the best web development environment I worked with ... and I've worked on projects with PHP (my own framework :) + Symfony), Python/Django/web.py, ASP.NET, Java/Struts and Ruby/Rails. You should give it another try sometimes. Take a look at Catalyst (the web framework), DBIx::Class, Moose and POE. > The thought of being trapped in something you don't believe in for the sake of money and possessions probably appears a rather unsettling idea on this forum. I'm trapped in something I don't believe in for the sake of living, not possessions. I've been trapped in creating outsourced business applications ever since I started working for money, and I really haven't had any choice in this matter. I absolutely hate it, and while I see ways out of it, it's really hard taking the jump to something I like, especially since I'm trapped in a country where little value is put on creativity and where little help is offered to startups. My only hope is that I'll be able to create something I like in my spare time and make money off that in spite of me not living in a friendlier environment. Among the exceptions, almost all have kept the worst limitations of the Unix family. Is there some analysis on this issue available? What limitations have been kept? The only operating system that was supposed to be an improvement over Unix (that I know about) is Plan 9, but over time many ideas from Plan 9 have been ported to Unix. Unix today is not what it was 40 years ago ... the only legacy that's truly staying is the philosophy, which for better or worse, it works. Of course, Unix could be better. But let's be serious, what do you suppose we should do? Reinvent everything every 5 years? Email is not indexable Sure it is, like any other text-based document. and not linkable Well, it does have a reply-to header that's used to construct the tree of the conversation. Other than that public mailing-lists are exposed on the web. one cannot usefully add to the amount or quality of information on the web by email Email is good for private conversations. And for public conversations, whenever I search something on Google I often find answers from mailing-lists, exposed through a web interface. That's pretty much as part of the web as it can be. Email may not be a "web technology", but integrating it with the web is easy, because it is still just text based with an open and simple protocol. You'll have a much tougher time integrating Skype's audio conversations with the web for example ... it's not an open protocol, and it is not text-based. Flash was also a problem for a long time, even though Flash interfaces are served from HTTP servers. Adobe may have released tools to extract metadata from Flash movies, but it remains to be seen if those tools can be used effectively. These are better examples of what it means to be truly web-incompatible. Email is not because it can be served through the web, and it's also a painless process. I like mailing lists more than I like forums. With the tools available I can easily filter messages ... block people I don't like and tag messages related to a certain subject of interest. An online forum can support these features, but it usually does not. That's the problem with online interfaces ... if the web interface doesn't provide an API to plug-in external tools then you cannot adapt it to your needs. And that's also why (IMHO) older protocols, like Email and IRC are still around and popular. Every time some new project comes along, the "what makes this project special" inevitably appears. In this case, shouldn't it be "What makes Android special?", since ASE is a complementary addition? I'm 26 years old and I sometimes think of a plan B. While I've always loved programming, before I even got a PC (14 years ago, loved the idea so much that I started reading a book about programming in Basic before I had access to one) ... I really hate the industry (at least the local one). Life would be a lot easier for me if programming was a hobby in my spare time. But as it goes, I'm doing a lot of work on projects that I don't like, and when going home I don't have enough energy left to work on things I love. I don't think I'll ever give up programming though. Mono is unpopular, but I don't think it's because of the negative marketing. People doing software development on top of Linux tend to choose other languages, like Python, Perl, PHP, Ruby, C++ and Java. That's because these languages have matching cultures and communities. Personally when I'm investing time learning a tool, if the learning is not trivial, I first take a good look at its community. If you're getting in trouble with Mono, who you're going to talk to? The core mono mailing list is nice, but other than that you're out of luck. You could join a .NET community for support, but their topics, issues and goals aren't a match for a developer used to work on Unix-related projects. And the signal-noise ratio is rather poor. Moonlight for the moment has stability issues. I'm using version 1.9.3, which is a preview, and version 1 which is more stable is worthless since I haven't found many clips compatible with it. What I do like about it is that Microsoft supports it. The first time I installed Moonlight was because of a page that required Silverlight, and on clicking the "Install Silverlight" button, I got redirected to the Moonlight page. That's pretty neat. Silverlight has great potential, because you can reverse-engineer it more easily, has support for multiple languages and you only need a text editor to create a Silverlight clip. And in version 3 they are introducing an API for plugable codecs, which is making it possible to stream OGG/Theora and Vorbis files with a Silverlight applet. Flash is more popular because of inertia, and because many designers use Macs and have invested heavily in Adobe tools. Microsoft Expression only runs on Windows. They would have a lot more to gain if they released a Mac port. > I love HTML 5, but I can't imagine any of the features to be "killer" enough to make users switch to more modern browsers. Funny you should say that. Users don't really care about features. What they care about is being able to view the content. Flash is so popular today only because of services like YouTube. It only takes a YouTube to make HTML 5 popular, and speaking of YouTube, guess who owns it ;) > Adoption of HTML 5 features will occur as rapidly as they're introduced into IE Complementary to the point above, Microsoft doesn't have any options but to implement it, otherwise they'll lose more market share. Not to mention that plugins can be developed by third parties for IExplorer to add HTML 5 functionality. Google already started doing that with Gears. Having a life/work balance and setting your priorities, these are things we should do, regardless if we are doing entrepreneurship or not. I know people that have exhausted themselves working in big companies. My wife works at a kindergarten and we talk about her daily activity quite often. As I found out, the kids almost always mirror the behavior of their parents. The kids that are destructive or anti-social are those with divorced, violent or workaholic parents. The normal kids (the ones that play with others, that are happy, that have respect for the teachers and that learn faster) are those that come from a healthy environment, and those kids are few and far between. My father was also a workaholic, and one day he noticed that I grew up. Let's just say that the time lost is lost forever. I hope I won't do that with my future kids. So yeah, don't let your kids be raised by other people. Don't just drop them off in front of the TV. They will hate you for it. Their business model is coming to an end. What keeps them going is the large customer base and Windows-specific applications people are accustomed to. Historically advancement in technology does tend to have this effect on businesses. The operating systems and dev platforms are a commodity and of course people are wondering why should they pay for this stuff when you can get them for free. Not to mention alternatives are often technologically superior and have stronger communities, and because of their closed-nature they really can't do anything about it. I would like to say that competition benefits consumers, but because Microsoft can still exert a huge influence on the industry without technical merits, consumers won't benefit until they reinvent themselves. I know they will, but it may take some time. @froo, you do have a point, but revenue is not profit. I'm saying their business model will come to an end because of recent trends and advancement in technology: * I don't know of many companies that still sell prepackaged software. I don't know of any startups either, and while there might be examples of such startups, the majority are moving to something else. YMMV * Their forays in new markets aren't generating profit (besides the XBox, which I think is doing quite well) * PCs will be soon surpassed by smart-phones. The latest Windows Mobile looks promising, and while they were quick to enter this market, it's head to head with Linux, and Symbian has something like ~ 60% of the market share * people are accustomed to not pay for products that are becoming a commodity (especially on the Web). Windows is bundled with every PC, so that's good, but where I live I see more and more companies using OpenOffice (those that don't are still using Microsoft Office because either they don't know better, or their infrastructure is based on Exchange). It's not that OpenOffice is better, but it's good enough for basic needs and it's free. * I have inside knowledge about Adobe and I can tell you for sure that they are having a hard time justifying the price for CS4 to customers that already paid for CS3. It's not like CS4 isn't a good product, but this economic recession does make people wonder if the value provided is good enough. These trends aren't very encouraging for me. I still have to make a living. But that's what people and businesses always did ... adapt to new conditions. And btw ... FUD is not an incorrect statement, neither something you disagree with. FUD is an incorrect statement done with a clear intent to discredit a competitor. Please, stop polluting the term. Disclaimer: I don't have an inclination to prove my statements with numbers, which makes me susceptible to cargo-culting and being gullible. I do have the tendency to check my assumptions from time to time, and I am not anti-Microsoft, I'm just pro-technology and I don't dismiss their products or their achievements out of religions beliefs (I happen to be a happy user of .NET in several personal smallish projects) > I cannot be sure they won't sue people for anything they have patented that's used in Mono. With the current state of patents, you really can't be sure of anything. Even SUN got sued by Kodak for Java. I have a problem with the arguments for "free software" in general. People say that RMS is usually right, but being anti-Mono because you're pro-freedom, is like saying you're anti-abortions because you're pro-life. The state of affairs is never black and white like that. This is the worst advice I ever saw, and I hope it's not taken seriously by new startup founders. I used to work 14 hours a day, with 5 hours of sleep, and another 5 hours for everything else. This lasted for only 3 months, but were enough for the following to happen: * I exhausted myself. I tried being on schedule and keeping up with the original pace, but in fact my productivity lowered so much that I was LESS productive than in a time when I used to work 3-5 hours a day * I had developed serious health issues ... because of sleep deprivation I began having supra-ventricular tachycardia episodes * I became isolated, and lost touch with friends. Lack of social interactions leads to depression and paranoia, and I was there * I couldn't hold the project in my head and I couldn't see the bigger picture anymore. I was unable to make pragmatic decisions anymore, and whenever I had to make a choice, I got lost in endless arguments (paradox of choice at its peak) * Good software projects require so much more than technical expertise. When you're exhausting yourself to work, you're bound to lose touch with the real world * I ended burned-out, and I'm still recovering Most people are unable to work for 6 hours per day (in the zone). If you're able to constantly maintain 8 hours per day, while maximizing your performance, then you're already ahead. Having a central repository that handles version dependencies and upgrades ... is great. But let's be honest here: whenever a newer version of a software package is released, it can take months before it enters sid on Debian, or in Ubuntu, and these are the better-maintained distros. And if you want to distribute proprietary software, maintaining multiple packages for multiple distributions and multiple versions, is hell-like. And regarding interface guide lines, I do not agree that Linux apps have a standard. Quite the contrary. The point is that features in a Linux distribution are not cut out because of "consumer surplus". They are customized to make certain tasks easier for some people ... but the various distributions don't have artificial limitations. Say you are tired of KDE in Kubuntu, you just "apt-get install gnome-desktop". You are tired of Apache, then "apt-get install lighttpd". Defaults are not limitations. And seriously, most people pick one distribution and stick with it. I'm using Debian for everything ... work servers, laptop, home station. OK, to be honest the home station has Ubuntu on it, but that's still 95% Debian. And, if there's a feature missing (like hardware limitations), you are most likely to fix it with a kernel upgrade, or with a patch someone on the mailing list gives you for free. > but not segmenting the market is not one of those; rather, it's a consequence of not selling the software itself. Consequence or not, how can it not be an advantage? > that's a small price to pay for making sure the code stays free This isn't about the code staying free, it's more about who's in control. The GPL is only popular with businesses because it is irrelevant when you're not distributing source-code (as in web servers), or when you're offering services not products. I have yet to hear about a BSD project that went under because of some company that refused to contribute back. I do however know of a couple of projects that thrived because of more liberal licenses. > And, yes, it is about who's in control; I don't see what's bad about that. I wasn't suggesting that there's something bad about it. I just get annoyed when people start talking about the freedom in GPL. > Linux is one example of thriving GPL code, while the BSD-licensed competitors are dramatically less popular In the case of Linux, I think we can all agree that a large part of its success is due to its creator that's a wonderful leader. 386BSD on the other hand had fewer contributions because of the strict development policies of its creators regarding external contributions. Of course, I'm not saying that the GPL wasn't a component of its success, but I think people overestimate its role in all this. After all, BSD is a lot more popular than GNU Hurd. Yes it is :) But unfortunately it won't put a stop to all the flames. Many people just like being anti-something. Giving logical arguments that are anti-Microsoft is perfectly reasonable. Dedicating your life to being anti-Microsoft and blaming people for their choices, yelling "wolf" every time someone does something cool (and starting a blog in the process that explains on a weekly basis how free-software is at peril) ... is just insane. Unfortunately I've been there ... back in the day I posted a couple emails on mono-list about how Gnome is poisoned (with all the bells and whistles of an anti-MS propaganda, GNU/Linux and all that crap). I ignited flame-wars that probably ruined the day for some people. In retrospect I really regret that. Young people want to be a part of something. If that something promises to save the world from evil, it's even more alluring. For me the day came when I got married :) Since I believe in "doing what you love" it can be unbearable at times while working hard for an income to support your family, to still work on cool shit, and to still have valid arguments for a religion that promotes and even requires "free as in speech" for products of essentially very hard work. You don't have to trust Microsoft. If trust was required for collaboration, contracts would've been useless. You can trust the legal system though ... what you're looking for it's called "estoppel": http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Estoppel I don't think people hate the GPL per se. It's more about the way GPL is promoted ... in the name of freedom and all that shit, when in reality GPL is more likely to be used in instances where the company wants to sell commercial licenses. What I don't like about the GPL is that it limits the choice of license for derived works ... where "derived" has a very broad meaning (if your software uses a GPL component, and that GPL component has no replacement, no matter how trivial it would be to implement one, than it's a derived work). This is in contrast to .NET for example, which is proprietary and doesn't permit changes to the code base and it's not developed in the open ... but it doesn't restrict your choice of license. Another bad example ... Qt's licensing may have been good for Trolltech, but because of that Gnome / GTK+ happened. As a result there are more third party applications (both proprietary and open-source) written on top of GTK+ / Gnome, although it is an inferior technological choice. Qt got LGPL'ed (finally) but I think it's too little, too late (regarding the Linux desktop). The GPL (not talking about LGPL) is a good license if used for the right purpose. But it is promoted as being the backbone of software freedom, and looking unbiased at its current usage, that's just not true. > There will still be novel and annoying attempts at DRM, but essentially, this battle has been won. The battle may have been won for music, but movies already come DRM-enabled, and ebook publishers are pushing DRM like crazy. This is far from over, since the replication and distribution of digital media costs zero, and this effectively invalidates old business models. Hard-copy books are still selling (I for one think it's easier on the eyes than glaring in a laptop's screen), but throw in a comfortable ebook reader and ebooks that can be shared with friends, and you've got yourself a business-model killer. I think this is inevitable, but more time has to pass before newer business models will emerge, and until then they'll keep circumventing the natural evolution of technology. I don't know how to feel about this ... for one my rights are violated (you end up not owning your copy) and sharing with friends / making a backup are prohibited actions that turn you into a thief. On the other hand I feel bad about content creators (having negative feelings about publishers though because of their policies). > I don't think that is true, strictly speaking. Isn't the name of the buyer still encoded in the audio files? I think that still counts as DRM, it's only less intrusive. No, this is patently false. The name of the buyer encoded in audio files is nothing like DRM. DRM is a technological solution designed to limit your possible actions. And under the DMCA, you are not allowed to circumvent encryption techniques designed to protect copyright even if for the right reasons (like when you own the copyright of the file you're trying to decrypt). The name of the buyer is just a "watermark" used to trace the original source. Watermark or not, legally you are still not allowed to distribute copyrighted works without having the permissions to do so. But you still have a choice to bend the rules, at your own risk ... i.e. there's no technology guarding your immediate actions. From a social p.o.v., it's the difference between "innocent until proven guilty" and "guilty by default, tracking device attached". > One kind of software is unaffected though: custom software. I've worked as a software consultant for years, making turn-key software and modifications to existing infrastructure and support, and all of that. The thing is ... it's not fun. If it's not your product, you don't have the time, the energy, the resources to put much love in the products you're working on. If you're working on custom software, customers only want to pay the minimal price that will get their needs solved. If it's support for an open-source software you're working on, if that software is too good, or is of no interest to companies, then you're not going to get hired. Consulting services really take the fun out of programming, that's why I'm a proponent of a mixed model ... keep your advantages proprietary, open-source the rest. > If I had an infinite supply of food, I would not think twice about handing it out to others. I don't know why people keep making this analogy, but it's a poor one imho. Here's a better view: * you have to work hard to produce that infinite supply of food, and when you're done people are not going to instantly buy your food ... it takes some time before your expenses are covered * as time passes people will grow tired / bored of eating your food, and sales will drop as other infinite supplies of food from your competitors become available ... food that will keep them entertained * for that not to happen, you immediately start working on a better version of your food supply ... and because expectations have been raised, you now have to work harder ... and it can take months, even years in some cases to produce a successful sequel * you're also not going to abandon your existing customers ... if the food tastes bad sometimes, you've got to fix it. You have to write documentation and provide support, otherwise your customers won't know how to eat your food. And customers can also give valuable feedback that you must process. * for you to keep on working, who's going to cover your expenses, who's going to pay the bills? * and you also have to work a hell of a lot harder than the owner of a gas station that sits on his ass all day watching his employees, and that probably makes more money than you do Really ... you don't see anything wrong with this analogy? Do you think software just pops out of the ground? Intellectual property is as real as it can be. The only problem are the laws that guard it ... which have been turned against consumers for the benefit of large corporations (not content creators). > Competition is a good thing, right? The parent was referring to "scaling" for businesses, not consumers. Competition is good as long as it's driven by quality, not price. A competition on price can be good for products, but then again, it's only good when your lowering the price by improving the quality of the manufacturing process ... I don't think anyone will be happy if Apple goes bankrupt or stops producing IPhones because of cheap knockoffs made in China. In the case of support, people only want to pay the minimum amount they can for their needs to be met. If you want to provide quality services, you'll have a hard time doing that when your customers will discover that they don't need it and outsource their operations to India. This happens because few pieces of software really need paid support. For an open-source project, in many cases you'll get better support from its mailing list than from a commercial entity. Only companies with enough money will pay for high-quality support ... and they'll only do it for peace of mind and for passing the blame. Not to mention that B2B products are quite boring and support can also be provided by cheap labor. RedHat doesn't really sell support. They sell licenses, enforced by their trademark. They provide support for each license sold, that's true. People buy RedHat licenses because it's a defacto standard in the industry. Some people or companies use CentOS, which is a re-branded RedHat. But if you want the original, you have to buy the product. Nothing indicates that it will gain traction. Point #1 is meaningless. You want to have compatibility with major browsers for more market share, otherwise nothing stops you from supporting only IExplorer or Firefox. It's the same situation with desktop applications, although the situation is a little better because of Windows. But, if you don't want your client to download dozens of MB for the latest .NET, then you use .NET 2.0, if want more market share then you start working on a Mac port. If you want to target mobiles, then you start working on IPhone and Symbian ports, while keeping an eye on Android. If it's a game you're developing, then you start working on a port for PS3 / XBox / Wii. The whole allure of web applications is that you can reach a larger audience faster, with no middle-man between you and your customers (no installation required, no manual upgrading to the latest version, no piracy). Your work can be a lot easier when you're using cross-platform tools, but then again, it's the same for browser incompatibilities. Javascript hurts? Then use JQuery or something more heavy like GWT, or maybe OpenLaszlo. CSS hurts? Then use Javascript to simulate missing properties (and the situation is a whole lot better than providing an OS-consistent GUI for both Windows and Mac). I think points #2 and #3 are in conflict, because #3 happens because the barrier to entry is lower. How can that be if the tools we use for the web are immature? His main point is that the web relies on dynamic languages which don't have IDEs like Visual Studio with intellisense / automatic refactoring or compilers that highlight syntax errors at compile-time (well, he actually mentioned HTML as the language, but I'll close my eyes to that). While I can see from where his point comes from, it is also missing the forest from the trees. From my p.o.v. this is a virtue more than a drawback because it makes you think more about your API (your average .NET / Java API design really makes me cry), and it makes you think more about what's hard about the process of development (unit-testing, functional testing, standards, and all that). He also implies the lack of "object-oriented languages" and that of debuggers ... which is a complete fallacy. Modern OOP concepts are not available in C# (mixins, traits, multi-methods), and the debugging in Python (just an example) is a lot more comfortable than what's available in VS.NET. Does VS.NET give you a way to inspect / redefine active objects / methods / entire classes on a breakpoint and then resume execution? And how much do you have to pay to get functionality available for free in Valgrind/KCacheGrind? Also, in platforms with continuations support the debugging takes a whole new perspective. Overall, the article is just a poor and content-free rant. > it happened only once that I missed default parameters in C# I actually missed it lots of times. You can work around it by overloading the method, but that's boilerplate for a simple concept. I also miss named arguments (in both Ruby and C#). When reading the code, when a method has more arguments than one I often forget what the arguments are or their positioning, and it is a lot more readable to specify the arguments by their names ... lockfile( path = '/var/run/script', timeout = 60, on_timeout = handler) Ruby doesn't support that. It only has syntactic sugar for the case in which the argument of the method is a hash, but then the method definition becomes less clear. From the article: Since Adobe releases Flash runtimes simultaneously on Windows, Mac and Linux, the minimum that Microsoft needs to offer to be credible is the same simultaneous release schedule. This statement is erroneous to some extent. Flash 7 for Linux was of dubious quality, Flash 8.x for Linux was skipped altogether, and Flash 9 wasn't released simultaneously with the Windows/Mac versions. Linux is a second-class citizen for Adobe ... of course, they have reasons to not consider Linux. But there's no guarantee from the history of the project that this level of support will be continued in later versions. Also, Moonlight is not a Microsoft project. It's an open-source project sponsored by Novell and it is in a better shape than any Flash-clone available. This is very important to me ... it means that it's portable to any platform available (you don't depend on Adobe in any way), and it also means that you have an open community willing to help. Also, some of the features in Silverlight 3.0 are already in Moonlight (like the pluggable codecs). I must warn the curious that Moonlight currently has some stability/performance issues. For me I based my choice on modularity, available components and available documentation. I got tired of working on dozens of authentication/registration systems, or admin interfaces with sortable tables ... that's boilerplate that distracts you from the purpose of your project. I'm currently using Catalyst (Perl) for heavy-weight projects. I like that I have CPAN modules at my disposal. I'm also playing with Django (python) ... I like that it has already built independent modules (see Pinax / django-cms) and a customizable admin interface. It also has very good (free) documentation. I always wanted to get familiar with a CMS platform like Drupal, but I haven't found any that I liked, and Django seems like a good alternative. I don't like Rails because currently it is too monolithic. There's no way you can replace ActiveRecord with little effort without losing functionality. It is also too heavy for my taste and makes too many assumptions about my application. Of the projects I worked on this year, none of them fits the Rails model. I took a look at Merb (Ruby) and it looks good. But it doesn't have a large following. Version 2.0 will be merged with Rails, so Rails 3.0 looks promising. I don't care about language choice as long as I like the language :) I also did my own URL routing ... http://code.google.com/p/django-catalyst/ I copied the chained actions model from Catalyst, and the routing is automatically generated. I also have template tags defined that construct these URLs for me (not uploaded in the repository). I structure my views in a structure like ... views/root.py views/articles.py views/users.py views.root contains a "begin" method, that will be chained to all other requests. If views.articles needs users to be authenticated, I also add a "begin" view to views.articles (where I do the authorization required). So as an example, a chain could look like this ... views.root.begin -> views.articles.begin -> views.articles.item -> views.articles.show This is really far from the way things are done in Django, but it seems more intuitive to me. What I find cool about Django is that the dispatching is really simple to understand, and it can be extended (and components aren't hard to replace in general). > I decided not even to attempt it (product looks like hell if I do it) You should try reading on the subject though. Design is not only about how the site looks, it's also about the user's workflow, and if you don't have some good sense on that, your app is going to feel like an ass, no matter how shiny it is. It often happens that the design drives implementation changes. I also have problems in that area, but I know a good design when I see one, so what I do ... I draw the general layout, and then I search for a design that looks good enough and that fits the layout, and then I steal from that design (only the minimal to make it look decent, while adding elements of my own). Sometimes the result is crappy, sometimes it's decent. Overall it's better than nothing, because you're not too ashamed of giving a link to your friends to get early feedback. > logic in the presentation layer Sometimes logic belongs in the presentation layer (if it is related to showing the information to the user). Take the "if" tag for example. It doesn't support complex conditions (values can only be tested for values of truth, and it doesn't support parenthesis to define precedence) and adding an if block inside another if block is just ugly. To get around this, you usually construct a boolean value inside your view, but it often happens that this value is only relevant for one template (i.e. HTML). And if your view also returns JSON / YAML, that's not clean. Also, QuerySets are lazy by default, and it goes beautifully hand in hand with caching template fragments, and this works for me since I usually can't cache whole pages (some fragments are more dynamic than others). But if you move template logic in your view, then you're going to have to worry about caching in your view too, duplicating logic. Also, the if tag doesn't support "ifelse" ... what's up with that? Are designers too stupid to use ifelse properly? Yes, I know you can create your own tags, but it would've been nice if these things worked out of the box, and it's not OK to define a tag that's not reusable (like in the case of a complex "if" condition that can't be expressed in the template directly), because that's extra work that doesn't pay off. And since we are talking about designer-friendliness, how are designers going to understand working with such non-standard tags all over the place? Now, thus far the Django templates haven't been much of a problem for me, but the projects I worked on in Django have been pretty simple. But I know they are not enough so I'm currently looking for alternatives (fortunately it is easy to replace). > I'm not of the opinion that publishing work on-line is the same as giving it away, and I'm certainly not of the opinion that _why taking his stuff down is the same as breaking into a place to steal and destroy things Publishing work on-line IS giving it away. If you don't want that, just don't publish it online. If not, it's like singing a song at a party and getting all upset on your friends for memorizing it. Sorry, but the cat is out of the bag, and you can't tell me that _why (being involved in an open-source community and all) wasn't aware of that. _why's taking his stuff down is also comparable to stealing/destroying things ... his work still lives on because other people bothered to make copies, but he also took down the mailing lists / homepages of those projects, disrupting the communities behind those projects, leaving nice people that invested time and resources for those projects in the dark (I don't know how much time/resources were external, but that's irrelevant). Being an artist doesn't excuse you being dick (although it also doesn't negate your achievements). But when you're being a dick, since you're living in a society that would brake if all of us where dicks, then you should pay the price for that. > Additionally, a good template language does not require knowledge of coding I don't think I ever saw an effective template language that doesn't require programming knowledge. The only exception is when you move all logic in tags, but even then logic gets mixed with presentation (just not in the main template), and the downside is that a tag is like a black-box ... if the scope is not clear, you have no way of knowing what it produces by not looking over its code (CSS files in ASP.NET end up containing general classes in most cases because of that). That's because the presentation layer requires logic, for example ... if this happens, then show this, else show that. Or to show the breadcrumb, iterate through this list. Or is this DateTime value in UTC? Then show it in the user's locale. That's logic and it's a lot more then a template with holes in it to fill. And where is this logic supposed to go if not in the presentation layer? All the designers I worked with also knew a programming language (at a superficial level at least) and where quite capable of coding complex logic in Javascript (which is also part of the presentation layer). Our fear is that designers don't understand a more complex language, but how many of you worked with such people? (since web-design is all about the end-product, I can't imagine a good designer that can't handle logic). And even if the language guards against shooting yourself in the foot you can always find creative ways to fuck up. Yes, well, to tell you the truth I regret his disappearance. That's why I have a bad opinion about this. I also believe in coding as an art form (although I'm surely not an artist), and _why was a person to which I could relate to. We need such positive models with the same aspirations as ours because we may start thinking that we are crazy ... ever got a blank stare while you where explaining to someone else that programming in itself is beautiful? It would mean a lot to me if sooner or later he would reappear and provide an explanation ... I could also relate to him being burnt-out. What usually happens is that the programmers think about the project long before starting to work on it. I have 3 ideas that at some point I'll start implementing, and right now I'm gathering bits and pieces of information for all three. And when it comes the time to do it, the core functionality can be done really fast if you have good tools, since you are prepared for it. What separates the good projects from the bad ones though are final touches and the features that are expected by the users - those weird business logic additions that aren't properly defined. These take an incredibly long time to do. Not to mention deployment and scaling which is always a fun ride. And of course, there's always that intern/junior that has to work on something, and he's given the task of helping you, leaving a mess in any module he touches ... and then you have to clean-up the code, just to keep your sanity. Of course, you have to do some marketing. But I think that if you're investing time in marketing to be able to survive, then you're doing something wrong ... you either chose the wrong market, or your product is not good enough. From my experience, improving your product (which is not equal to adding more features) is the best way to get new customers. That's because marketing that's not properly targeted is as good as no marketing, and let's face it ... technically inclined people suck at it. Even Spolsky, which is what I call a marketing drone, in his interview on "Founders at Work" confessed that they got more customers from incremental improvements than through marketing plots. On the contrary, I think the main problem of software developers is that we rarely finish what we start.