Agreed, and it may be pedantic of me, but I fail to see the Lisp-ness of this; merely using a defun function and a list data structure does not qualify. I realize this is not the forum for this, but hopefully it will serve as a warning to others: the linked article does not scroll on the iPhone (horiz or vert orientation). "Cool" layouts are all fun and games, but usability is king. I am currently in Paris and based on this city (for sure!) and actually a lot of my other international experiences: it seems to be a uniquely American idea that the public sometimes has human needs. I say that kind of tongue in cheek, but to prevent every European from flaming me: I really am trying to understand what the alternative is that other countries are practicing. Drink less? More stamina? Or, as in Sydney: just find a convenient wall? This may not help your particular situation, but I'd urge you to try VLC ( http://videolan.org/ ) since it has awesome support for playing YouTube videos. It requires that you paste the YouTube URL into its "Open Network Stream" dialog, but is otherwise painless. Almost anything has to be better than using Media Player Classic. It probably does not, but probably could: JDownloader ( http://jdownloader.org/home/index?s=lng_en ) claims allow access to the content on those type sites. However, having said that, there are probably clear legal lines between merely making a torrent file for any given content and actively circumventing interstitials. IANAL. I will need you to cite your source on that claim. I have the original Blue, with the chip to which you refer, and can assure you that it is not the same chip as in "chip and pin". It was marketed by Amex with a special RFID-esque reader that was designed to unlock your Amex "password vault" or some such silliness. It was such a flop that the new Amex cards have switched to actual RFID (or similar technology) for use in "Speed Pay" or whatever, in that you need not take your card out of your wallet to buy things at CVS or Whole Foods (for example). My company ( http://guidewire.com/ ) sponsors that work, and our developers have been using the DCEVM for day-to-day work for a couple of months now. It seems pretty stable. I think you're thinking of NaCL ( http://code.google.com/p/nativeclient/ ) In contrast, Google Frame is designed to make the deployment hassle for new browsers simpler (user still clicks on "The Internet"). And is community built, so please contribute your CD listings. I don't have any experience with their audio file (MP3, AAC, etc) fingerprinting, but I can tell you it's a great experience to pop in a freshly purchased CD and have MusicBrainz find it. I know that experience comes from some other kind soul having input the CD, so I try very hard to make sure I do the same. I have two comments about that, one idealistic and one pragmatic. If I am not mistaken, the state-centric view taken by the founders was to afford the people a vote-by-shoe-leather system. It literally was: "if you don't like it here, leave" but without the bile. Also, as was mentioned elsewhere in this thread, in order for your interests to "win" in a federally-scoped election, you have to convince a ton more people, who [as members of other states, natch] quite possibly have a very different life situation than you do. In order for your interests to prevail in a state-scoped election, you only have to convince a smaller set of voters who are very likely in your same situation. I hope dearly that Lawrence Lessig succeeds in actually calling a constitutional convention ( http://www.callaconvention.org ), if for no other reason than to strike out your "in theory" qualifier. There are lots of things that Skype "could" fix. The point that I am hearing from the GP is that they do not CHOOSE to fix them. You should see the Skype 5 beta for Windows. What a UI cluster that thing is, and has been for quite some time now. And I just tried Skype for my HTC Desire on 2.1 and yikes, he's right: it's a usability nightmare. And if you think the folks at unrEVOked aren't doing their damnedest to achieve that goal, then I think you're mistaken. However, the reason they don't have that toy (and the same reason another random startup won't) is because the process does carry some non-zero risk and complexity when viewed across the spectrum of all devices. It is my opinion that the risk is only going to get worse over time, given the animosity that hardware manufacturers feel toward the hacker community. Jailbreakme.com is outstanding, but they only had to deal with a small microcosm of hardware/OS tuples (which, if I'm not mistaken, is actually the topic under discussion right now). I'm not an expert in BitTorrent, but in my mental model, aren't you siphoning away seeders from the _official_ Ubuntu trackers by using burnbit? I can appreciate using burnbit for certain behemoth companies that don't normally publish via torrent, but since ubuntu.com actually offers them along-side the isos, this smells counterproductive. I believe that Google agrees with you: http://code.google.com/p/chromium-os/ I mean this in a genuinely inquisitive spirit: is it Walgreen's responsibility to provide such a thing, considering they are just the retail outlet for the device? I would expect that Maylon Group (or whoever is the actual system integrator) is on the hook for publishing customizations. This, along with a thousand other reasons, is why it is so important that the hardware not impose restrictions on what the owner can load on the device. Running custom ROMs is not just for phones, but is for anyone who has special requirements (privacy, speed, specific usage domain, etc). I don't mean this sarcastically, but in the age of VirtualBox (which is not only a great product, but is also FOSS, so it appeals to a large market), why not just install F14 and give it a whirl? That way, you won't be dissuaded by someone else's opinion, and you won't have to explain your metrics to them. Having said that, I mostly agree with the other posters on this thread: Ubuntu is for your "I just want it to work" types, and Fedora is for sysadmin-hackery-types. Also, Pragmatic Programmers is offering the 3rd edition of their Pickaxe Ruby book for USD$10 (paper or ebook) http://media.pragprog.com/newsletters/2010-11-11.html It also says that owners of previous editions get the upgrade for free. I have not yet researched to see if that is their policy across the board, but it's a mighty fine gesture, either way. > Google Adsense? I recognize that you're being downvoted for not actually contributing to the conversation, but I'm going to use your comment as a springboard to make a point that's been bothering me. I have serious doubts about the mobile ad space for the following three reasons. First, what kind of user experience is it to "click" on an ad on your mobile device? I go out of my way not to read actual webpages on the 4" screen, and thus I am certainly not going to try and conduct a learning exercise about your product nor am I going to suffer through typing my payment details to buy something. Second, and I think I recall reading somewhere that an ad platform seeks to change this [maybe they all do!], but chances are that I'm currently using my mobile device for something. Unlike the magic Ctrl-click to open an ad in a new tab, if I were to have a sudden urge to click on an ad, that is going to interrupt whatever it is that I am trying to accomplish right now. Strong disincentive to do anything of the sort. Finally, it has been overwhelmingly my experience that an app which uses an ad network is going to have lag and is going to incur pauses while I am trying to do something on my mobile. Maybe on wifi it's less of a big deal, but the times that I use my mobile on wifi are minimal, otherwise it would be a netbook. I agree with in-app purchases as one of the money-making vehicles for the mobile market. I believe, also, in trial versions and outright purchasing apps based on good reviews. But seriously: can we please skip past trying to replicate the success of the ad networks from the web? This is an awesome idea. Well, let me restate that: this is an awesome geek hack. I posit that this kind of tomfoolery is required because (in my experience) profiling tools are (1) expensive (2) hard to use (3) inaccurate [could be due to #2] or the combination of the preceding. Also, my current employer's tests run in the order of magnitude of hours, and I doubt very seriously that they are I/O bound (or network bound) in the manner that this page discusses. But, again falling back on the "hard to know without tooling", I couldn't state with any confidence exactly what the problem is with the tests, so this may be a great start toward finding out. At the risk of this topic being hijacked by an iTunes-as-music-player debate, one cannot (with a straight face) compare iTunes on Windows to Winamp. I'll grant you that iTunes may be the bee's knees on OSX, but on Windows it is a dog. I actually only recently learned about it. Which makes me wonder if someone "stumbled" upon that, or there is a secret iPhone user's manual that only special people receive. In hindsight, I think that a more "audio scrobber" motion, akin to the way the iPod wheel works, would have been a ton more intuitive. Thank you again, http://lab.arc90.com/experiments/readability/ , for making my web browsing experience safe from the onslaught of backgrounds and fonts. I can see why it's a more often requested story; I found that one far funnier than the parent article. At first, I thought that, too. But having seen the way wave works[1], plus the more real-time nature of Waving, I would actually think that instant messaging notifications would align more closely with Wave's goals. One gets XMPP (Jabber) notification for free, and I would bet a Euro that wiring an XMPP server to AIM or (other) is not overwhelmingly hard. 1 = http://www.waveprotocol.org/code/installation Maybe it's because no one (like myself) thought of submitting those kinds of links. Observe: https://github.com/jpallen/clsi http://code.google.com/p/common-latex-service-interface/ http://code.google.com/p/latex-lab/ http://www.verbosus.com/ http://monkeytex.bradcater.webfactional.com/ and the parent article's service edit: formatting I've had nothing but success since I edited /etc/hosts and mapped GA hosts to 127.0.0.1. I loathe that lag which was introduced just so someone can save themselves the trouble of analyzing logs. I have it on good authority[1] that Angry Birds is a native-inclusive app. Also, I wouldn't look down my nose at Dalvik-only apps. The JIT (which, AFAIK, is the target of the litigation) gets pretty close to optimal code the longer it runs - and theoretically games run the same code a lot more than your average application. In fact, my EUR0.02 is that native-inclusive apps (just like any Java apps which rely on native libraries) are worse, in my opinion, because it limits the number of platforms that one can execute the apps upon. And as a huge Linux fan, current Mac user, and user of x64 Windows at work, I can assure you that I get left out in the cold a LOT. It's one level of bad to tie your app only to Windows, which coincidentally includes 90% (last metric I heard) of the world. It's another thing entirely to say, "oh, sorry, your Android isn't the same as my Android: too bad for you." 1 = unzip -l AngryBirds_1.3.5.apk|grep -i \\.so I hope my master's project is something interesting like this. However, my first thought upon reading the title of the link was about the comments that were going to appear here: either "lisp already does this" or "this will never be accepted as a mainstream language because it's too chaotic to the project." Section 4.2.3 answered the question I was searching for: what happens in this hybrid model when an "interior" language fails to parse? It's all fun and games to strap on a new mini langage to your source file, but it's less fun and games when you misplace a paren. I wondered if the entire block threw a parse exception or if the whole file failed to load. It appears based on the skim-read that it's the later. p.s. why is "270 version control commits" an achievement? If you have not yet started the tutorial, click on at least the first one. It's snazzy the FireBug-ish console action they have going on there, and the Bespin/Skywriter editor action, too. If this doesn't show what the next generation of web-app looks like, I don't know what would. It remains to be seen, however, how that model holds up to "real" work - which is the same concern I had about Bespin/Skywriter. > it seems like a reach to call this a Lisp compiler without lambda. I think that's a running gag when implementing "lisp." I can recall seeing some "lisp in javascript" library a while back that also neglected to implement that "minor detail." That was "interesting" in that I like expanding my horizons, but it was a terrible presentation. Plus, it looks like Haskell and I got the impression from his lead-in that he was going to introduce a new language. However, I actually came here to say something else about his material: if it is harder to decompose the business requirement into Haskell than it is to write monkey tests for one's Blub language, I am not certain anyone wins when going with a provably correct implementation. I have seen a lot of friction about this over on some other news syndication sites, so in anticipation of that argument here, I offer the following compromise: If not linked to, perhaps as the first comment following submission? I long for the day that I can set a preference in my browser and it automatically views articles in Readability mode, or rolls-up paginated articles. Reading those forums is the mind death (and I don't just mean psx-scene; almost any php forum seems to be a magnet for senseless commentary). To hopefully reduce the amount of ads and dancing monkeys one needs to endure to follow up on the claim that @baq made, here is page 24 in print mode: http://psx-scene.com/forums/f6/ps3-master-key-found-graf_cho... It is my opinion that this he-said-he-said stuff can only be proven out over time, or by validation from a "calmer" information source. I also chose PRK because I was uncomfortable with the flap, and was willing to risk the painful (and slower) healing process. While I am not your scenario with the 3 days, I would say that one week is a proper expectation, with some deviation one way or the other. The pain (in case no one has mentioned it) is very much like leaving a contact in for too long: it feels like your eyeball has been packed in salt. I mean that in both the extreme dehydration sense, and it occasionally actually feels like salt in your eyes. I had a few instances where it felt like needles in my eyes, and that was my only need to use the prescribed pain medicine. It lasted until I fell asleep from the pain pills. I do hope this doesn't come across as a horror story: I absolutely, with no hesitation at all, would do it again and would use the same doctor. I am _extremely_ happy, and sing the praises, but wanted to ensure it is an informed decision for those who might be weighing the pros and cons. "Better" is always a tricky word. I think that it is likely a matter of what aspects are important to you (aside from those patients who are forced into using, or excluded from using, one technology or the other). I received a comprehensive description from my doctor, and chose PRK because I was not comfortable with "the flap," and I was comfortable that there would be some pain and longer healing time. That was my tradeoff, and I am thrilled with how it turned out. I can't comment on your assertion, but I did want to mention the other unspoken item: the network effect. It doesn't matter one whit that I have a moneybookers account if I can't use it to donate to the projects I support (or buy products, etc) because they are not on moneybookers. And I can assure you that "just signing up" for a money movement service is a _non-trivial_ operation. And its cousin, the Heisenbug [1] full-disclosure: I didn't read the linked article, but can only assume that it's in there. 1 = http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Heisenbug#Heisenbug I got into the habit of writing literals first from being bitten one too many times by the (absolutely insane!) semantic difference between "=" and "==". In my day job (working with Java) it's less of a problem, but I switch languages so much in my spare time that it has served me well. I think you meant: http://www.youtube.com/user/googlechrome Two fascinating languages in the same blog post. Excellent reading. Holy cow, could a project have picked a worse name than "Rastafarian"? If one searches for "Rastafarian", you can guess what turns up. But even "Rastafarian pdf conversion" seems to drop the "pdf" and returns lots of results for converting to the Rastafarian religion. Same for "convert". I guess I'll have to go trolling through the mobileread.com forums, but just damn. It may not be that long: "do what you contractually said you would and open the TCK" The rest, I have zero doubt, Apache can handle on their own. My complaint with IRC (and I freely admit that it could be that I am not using the "right" client) is that there is just this sea of text on the screen. There is very little formatting to speak of, and it reminds me of everyone talking at once on a conference call. slighty off-topic: I am proud to say that I was introduced to Wealthfront via HN, and I was so impressed by their engineering blog that I went to their website. And it sounded cool, so I joined. And ever since then, I continue to see some awesome things from them, and so far their investment-matchmaking service has paid off, too. Win-win if I've ever heard one. I have such mixed feelings about Facebook as an engineering company. I think that Facebook is the antithesis of Google's "Don't Be Evil", but I get quite giddy when I read about some of the crazy stuff those folks are pulling off over there. It is quite awesome that parity files can save an organization 4 petabytes of storage. See kids? Stay in school: petabytes matter. Sigh: I say we have a new rule that unless the linkee is a major webserving force, that we systemically use Corel Cache. OB cached link: http://www.ppl-pilot.com.nyud.net/mame.aspx Thanks for posting this @davi. I look forward to reading the full article when it comes back online (the link by @oomkiller is a good start, but I really would like to see the source article). I don't know about everyone else, but reading about these kinds of incidents from the pilot's perspective makes me more confident about flying, not less. I have zero doubt that those folks are professionals. Does mastercard.com process payments? I got the impression that it was just the marketing/corporate presence that was affected. Or that also sounds like a great Chrome extension idea. TLA is mildly interesting, but the "redo" entry is above-average interesting, as is the blog as a whole based on the 10 mins I spent reading it. Thanks: good link. I hope this comes across in the genuinely inquizitive manner that I intend it: isn't that what the four beta releases were designed to do: give integrators and users the time to prepare for the impending release? I suspected as much, but thank you for finding and posting the link. Well, my story is only one data point but I have NEVER gotten the "give as gift" feature to work. I have a US account, and have registered two different credit cards and Paypal but always receive "credit card declined, you must update your account" when trying to gift apps. So I would welcome the give as gift feature actually working as advertised. Having been a "professional expat" for the past several years, I can assure you that it's not that simple. Yes, hearing their stories can bias your decision up or down by a few points. But, just like choosing a Linux distro: you can only know if it's for you if you live in it. There are no ways (that I know of) to successfully quantify what one seeks in a situation, otherwise eharmony.com would have taken over the world. I believe the on-disk is pretty well defined nowadays by their open document promise. However, HTML is a published standard, too, yet every copy of IE renders in its own special way. I think that is a far better analogy of what is expected here. The whole javascript-or-NSAPI dilemma for writing extensions in Chrome is a bit of a drag. There is a PRETTY BIG gap between those two APIs. Mozilla opens more of its guts via XUL and XPCOM than does Chrome, which is probably why toys like Live-Headers and Firebug offer more functionality than one finds in the Developer Tools Console. My EUR0.02. I will also remind our technically savvy readership that they offer BitTorrent downloads, if you wish to save them some hosting costs (and speed up the downloads for your neighbors). Interestingly enough, they offer torrents for the source code, too, but per archive, which is kind of a drag. Transmission and I are seeding until 300%. CMD+down-arrow will also open a file; it makes the most sense when one thinks about it as navigating in Finder using only the keyboard. CMD+up-arrow goes higher, CMD+down goes into the folders, until it gets to a file, in which case it goes "into" the file. Is it short-sighted of me to think that a web presence the size of Amazon would have detection measures in place to notice a brute force attack, or are the so busy that one can hide in the noise? While I don't have any intelligent thing to say about Moonlight and Netflix, I did want to point out that Netflix streams to a ton of disparate hardware (and OSes, including "normal" ones such as OSX). Thus, I get the impression this is a legal problem more than a technical one. What a fascinating entry. I absolutely would not want to debug over IRC, and definitely not using gdb. That is some mad skills. Up one level, BTW, is a discussion about his 20% project at Google working with (or against) clang. Also insightful reading. > I don't care if he taught a cat to fish for tuna I'm going to try and remember that phrase; it sounds like it has 1,001 fun uses. :-) Hey, now ... I bet a lot of banks do it, so it must be okay. :-/ Between that, and mandating short passwords, which a LOT of banks do. :-( Interestingly enough, yesterday ( http://news.ycombinator.com/item?id=2183183 ) there was a Show-HN for a website designed to perform textual analysis and render the top few most-relevant sentences: http://www.bookshrink.com/ I tried it on this article, and it was neat, but I realized that part of the reason this is so hard to skim is because of the information density in each sentence. Try bookshrink on it and you'll see what I mean after trying to read its output. Not necessarily: lisp has CLOS and components (if I am correctly understanding both your and their definition). I do agree with the premise that FP feels a lot more agile to me, and thus benefits less from a big design-up-front effort. I'm sorry if this is off-topic, but I have become amazingly addicted to Readability's view of webpages. On topic, switching to the Readability view increased my desire to read the article, because I found it less mentally tiring. However, if I had homework due in the upcoming days, I probably would have archived it into Readability, because I doubt reading it would have presented a lot of immediate value. Thank you for that link. It it overwhelmingly scary and makes me feel as though I did not donate enough to the ACLU and EFF. I often wonder if there is any amount which is "enough." The other comment I have is that I heard him say that one person can win, and can make a difference. However, there are two caveats to that statement: if you can get access to the resources of the ACLU and if your story turns out, in the end, as Nick's did. I don't want to be a wet blanket, but I am painfully aware that for his one story, there are [by his account] 200,000 other stories which did not turn out that way. Maybe they are living happy free lives in Ohio, or maybe they were "disappeared." Do you have python? And a BitTorrent encoding library: http://pypi.python.org/pypi/bencode/1.0 ? Then I have something which will help: http://pastie.org/1559062 It conforms to http://bittorrent.org/beps/bep_0019.html and can (of course) be trivially upgraded to conform to http://bittorrent.org/beps/bep_0017.html also. Happy downloading. >>Where the customer service is non-existent: Hi. Any specific problem we can help with? In my experience, "Customer Service" can mean one or both of the following: 1. Actual help to resolve real problems 2. A human voice on the phone to walk you through resetting your computer (or otherwise generally offering moral support) I find that most folks get nervous when #2 is not available, even if they would never use it or it would be unlikely to solve any of their actual problems. The big G does not even pretend, and I think that is possibly to their detriment. > this even works for .html.erb files And ".erb" stands for ...? Assuming they did not want to entirely roll their own impl, I would guess they used the same (code|technique) as Inkscape: http://wiki.inkscape.org/wiki/index.php/Output_format_requir... > "This book needs more cowbell." Funny, I feel that way about most websites ... especially a "website in a box." I feel his pain and I don't even have to implement those specs. I apologize if this is already news, but I only discovered it today. It is exactly what I was looking for when trying to manage the 10TB of HDD space I have, but do not yet have control over it. The submission title is a little bit of a misnomer, as Aperture only uses the ontologies from the semantic desktop ( http://semanticweb.org/wiki/Semantic_Desktop ), but it is close enough for a HN title. I hope others find this enjoyable, too. No, because it enables the user-agent to paginate content before the entire page has even loaded. And presumably the page author knows a priori what the header and footer for the table are going to be, so why not transmit that information to the user-agent as soon as possible? If you examine XSL-FO, they have similar constructs for what I am guessing are similar reasons. This was exactly my answer, before I realized that "webuiarchitect" posted the question 3 times. :-( Thank you, thank you, for posting the print view. One swift backtick and it was ready to read. I believe the poster meant "Command-X" on a file , not on text. In all other graphical shells, if I wish to move a file from one place to another, I do not have to have two separate windows open. Maybe Apple doesn't view this as a problem, but if you come from an OS that permits it, you miss it under OSX. It is especially weird given that CMD-c/CMD-v does work in Finder, just not CMD-x. That leads me to believe that it was intentionally omitted for some bizarre reason. Yup, handy of them to label that functionality, eh? Relevant: http://code.google.com/p/phantomjs/ is a headless browser based on WebKit I don't have any hands-on experience with it, but if one were to go down the path you just described, that project would likely be a great start on that journey. IMHO, not even in the same universe of playability, and if they insist on using the same music as they used in the trailer, I would actually grin while deleting it. I likely will not be surprised by whatever they release. I will be genuinely surprised if anything comes of it. This news strikes me in the same way as a headline proclaiming "US Congress is beholden to special interests" or such. I guess it's good in that we will have something concrete to which one can refer when trying to convince the friends and family to join a credit union. As an aside, I haven't had a similar experience as you have with Ekiga. I would not recommend it for my family members, for example. Don't forget that Skype's UX is only one fraction of why people like or don't like Skype. The codec they use is often vastly superior for "normal people" situations than even commercial SIP clients, or the WebEx-es of the world. I don't doubt that the Skype network topology has something to do with it, but I am (perhaps erroneously) lumping those features together for the purposes of this discussion. Wow, I had forgotten about some of those. Nice reminder. I actually played around with FreeVMS, but I am too young to have ever experienced one in the wild, so after I successfully booted it, I was then stuck. :-/ I have not dabbled with JNode in many, many years, but I find it especially amusing that one of their upcoming release goals is to "use less memory." :-) Speaking of composeable grammars, if you were not already aware JetBrains (maker of the wholly incredible, and now Open Source, IntelliJ) has a language platform which is targeting just that kind of thing. They call it Meta Programming System ( http://www.jetbrains.com/mps/ ) and it is also Open Source. Be forewarned that MPS is almost a closed system. One must develop the grammar only in MPS (no textual grammar to speak of), and the editor for the language described by that grammar is then defined using this bizarre form-layout language (also edited in MPS). One cannot (that I am aware of) take the newly created MPS system for that language and point it at your favorite source code text file. It does have a seemingly powerful code generation system, so it might be possible to generate the textual grammar if you were so inclined. However, the text generator also uses a bizarre language so that is likely more pain than one would wish to endure. The advantage of a system such as that is that there is only The One True Brace Style(tm) because the "braces" and other punctuation are merely icons to please the eye; they are not "editable" like in Emacs. And to save you the trouble of looking, part 1 of 2 is here: http://marakana.com/forums/android/general/269.html 1. PayPal doesn't have a corporate motto of "Don't be evil" 2. We have existing data for the big G via their Google Payments I have long held the opinion that Scribd should go the way of ExpertSexChange and be purged from educated discussions. However, IIRC, that debate was raised here before and there were users who enjoyed the services provided by both of those websites. Thus, I should not expect their demise anytime soon. I have not [yet?] read the linked article, but my first reaction to this headline was: yes, especially if your page doesn't render 50ms after the page title appears in my browser's tab. Interestingly enough, I experience most of that kind of lag due to loading off-site resources, such as Google Analytics and "share this" link crap. I admit am probably more curmudgeonly than most about that kind of thing; I don't want fancy wooshings and crazy rounded corners on the tables. I want the page to load fast and use readability as its design motivation. (You kids get off my lawn) Did you notice that the linked page cited the full URL right below the Scribd rendition of it? http://www.ext.colostate.edu/conferences/ace-netc/lindgaard.... I would love to know if Kayak is one of those "you push to production on your first day" kind of places. The intersection of those two practices (the 7 day recruitment and hit-the-ground-running) could make for some amazing team velocity improvements. IIRC, the traditional way around such legal ambiguity is for the project to offer a configuration variable akin to "input your favorite private key here." If the user is in a country which permits use of the AirPlay key, great, if not then the project can continue to operate as before. Either way, the project is indemnified because /they/ didn't provide the key. "Faster" is not the holy grail metric. Standard compliance and well-thought-out interoperability are high on my list. Don't get me wrong, I don't want to use a dog of a browser, either, but in modern times with dual-core this and 8GB that, one would probably have to actually work at it in order to have a genuinely slow browser. That's pretty funny: giving a sold out talk and then feigning surprise that it ends up in the geek news outlets. I believe the subtlety there is that the RIAA represents the interests of their corporate members, which almost wholly differ from the artist's interests. I also believe that is one of the main reasons they are labeled as "the boogieman," in addition to some pretty boneheaded PR moves. While I agree with what you said, and with the spirit of OSM, be aware of the "network effect" here. Which would you rather have: a million people contributing to (AFAIK) the most widely used online mapping tool, or one hundred people contributing to a more liberally licensed tool? I read somewhere that all Google products are merely a delivery vehicle for AdSense. With that perspective in mind, Google Maps is not designed to advance the state of online mapping, nor does it have any interest in referring folks to another website. I realize that sounds a little conspiratorial, and for that I am sorry, but I mean it in a "for your consideration" kind of way. I don't know if you were asking a rhetorical question, but my opinion is that if you were in court under those circumstances, it's likely you are going to jail. If the FBI finds out you talked, you will be jailed [as I presume that's the threat]; if the court finds out you lied, you will be jailed for perjury. Only if you perjure yourself but don't get caught will you escape. I don't get the impression this was posted for its "hotness," but rather for its nostalgia. Well, partially nostalgia and some HN readers may have never seen an 8086 before in their lives; so in that way, it's a history lesson, too.