Excellent, and thank you. I wouldn't have found this without your shameless plug. I can log in, but I'm getting a 503 with the following: "Something is technically wrong. Thanks for noticing—we're going to fix it up and have things back to normal soon." Varicose veins, for one. I think it messes up your feet too, but that's what the standing mat is for. I find that if I try to work through a flu, I'll be sick for a week or two. If I just go home and stay in bed, I get over it in a few days. In the long run, it's much more productive to take care of yourself before your work. No matter how productive you think you are being while sick, the quality of your work is most likely suffering. Unfortunately, they all start out this way it seems. Hopefully, this one will remain this way. I like that idea. Keep the core frozen. With a good API, users can extend it to their liking, and complicate it all they want. Or was just inspired by it. They just did it so that, when no one plays anymore, they could say "See! We told you no one wanted offline play." There's a lot of assholes out there, and nothing feels better than killing them with kindness. Does that make me an asshole too? "The Borowitz Report: The News Reshuffled" certainly sounds like parody to me. To a moron in a hurry, it would look exactly like a Fluke product. This is exactly what trademarks are there to protect against, and Fluke is absolutely correct in their actions to protect their brand. This will likely blow up in Sparkfun's face, and rightly so. It's not just the fact that it's yellow, but it's also shaped just like a Fluke. A quick search on multimeters shows various alternative shapes that Sparkfun could have chosen to distinguish themselves. Fluke is correct in protecting their brand, in this case. It's yellow and shaped just like a Fluke. Sparkfun is in the wrong here. Fluke must protect their brand to keep their trademark valid. Maybe because it would break backwards compatibility (and possibly the spec) for the tab key? Don't even get me started on "PIN number". They would add themselves if it weren't for the infinite loop. 20 bucks a month over the duration of a development cycle could be pretty significant. This will basically allow people to develop their game to the point where success or failure could be predicted, and Epic will miss out on the development cycle revenues from the failures. Scrolling left/right when reading on a small screen on sites that haven't been optimized for small screens. That is some very expensive paint. I see it as more of a multi-part blog series, where you can read the first few parts and wait for the rest, or you can wait until all parts have been written and read it all. In this case, it's better than a blog series, because you can be notified as soon as it's complete without having to keep checking back. Context is important. Most laypersons reading an article don't know the terms "Black Hat", "White Hat", and so on. A good article should differentiate the intentions of the "hacker", so that the reader can imply the morality of those intentions by the context. You are correct in that it does not solve a problem. Furthermore, the article tries to create a problem with CSV that does not exist. > CSV breaks depending on the implementation on Quotes, Commas and lines CSV does not break; the implementation is broken if it doesn't parse CSV properly. With a proper implementation, CSV solves every problem that will arise from this method. I hate that I have to scroll at all to read a couple hundred words at most, let alone scroll five freakin' times on a 1080 display. Edit: And why in the world am I getting the webcam indicator on this site‽ There's people that code on their phones, so...(not me , but there is) Although I prefer the method in the best chosen answer, if I had to choose between red and green, I would choose green. You are confirming an action when choosing yes. The button to cancel the operation should be red. This is too generalized. There are born leaders and there are born followers. Followers are influenced by those around them, while leaders forge their own path no matter what. However, a well rounded person knows when to adapt. They lead when necessary, and take instructions when required. There are some people who will never become like those around them, but will instead shape those around them to their own image. Edit: Downvotes with no counterpoints? That means I must be right, because the truth hurts. > However, a well rounded person knows when to adapt. They lead when necessary, and take instructions when required. > no one is not influenced by those around them You are correct, but not everyone becomes just like those they choose to be around. Everyone can learn from and influence others, but that doesn't mean "You are the average of the five people you spend the most time with." I would have preferred a title along the lines of "There is a good chance that you may become who you choose to be around". > or willing to admit about themselves. Including myself, probably. Could it be made to dynamically load more stories as I scroll? You know, to completely kill my productivity. It's just suffering now with this extension, and I'd like to finish it off. Even more skewed now due to the fact that I answered "yes" without having seen the movie. There was no "I don't know" button. > Reversing cameras always send their output to the big screen on the center console The newer Acura MDXs have a dedicated screen built into the rear-view mirror hanging from the windshield. It looks like a normal mirror until you put it in reverse, and then you can see the output from the backup camera in the left side of the mirror. It's better than most, but still doesn't solve #2 and #3 from your points. Basically, be smart and only use it if/when necessary. Use it only as a tool and not the tool. I hope not. I think it will be like rear/side mirrors. You can use only mirrors to back up, but eventually, they will not be enough, and you will impact something. I think that the same people that don't look now are the same people that won't look then. But there were buttons to be pressed! You could submit that as a guideline. I miss Coder Weekly, and your service sounds very similar, but without the niche aspect. Where do I sign up? EDIT: Thanks. Subbed. I use Balsamiq for this and love it. http://balsamiq.com/products/mockups/ Maybe he imported noodles from Rome? ...these fancy entrepreneurs and their start-up monies. > getting people off balance is always fun. Also fun by actually remembering the names of new people. Apps are great for things that you need notifications for, or anything that needs to be "always on" for you. I prefer not installing apps unless they meet that criteria, or there is no web version available. Agreed, and as a mechanical solution, it is likely better than an electronic solution in a damp environment such as a shower. I don't necessarily "want" to lead, but it's where the money's at. I'll certainly look into this more. > Simon may have no choice but to steal There's always a choice. Thievery is despicable. I don't believe that the presence of the vulnerability is the reason people are looking to migrate. I believe that the discovery of this vulnerability shed light on the code quality of OpenSSL, and that is what is turning people away. Some people have only recently learned of the quality issues, and have lost trust in the project. Others have known about them, but have been begrudgingly dealing with them, and this was the straw that broke the camels back. There's always someone looking to migrate to a different implementation, and all they need is a good reason to justify the effort. Mortgages, donations, and other deductibles. As well as stock trades, investments and other sources of income. I used to wonder that as well until I bought a house and did some investing. For the more simple returns, there's easier ways than copy/pasting. If it's just a W2, there's apps that let you take a picture of it, and it'll OCR it and populate the forms automagically. Publix used to deliver groceries about 10 or so years ago. I used that service from the moment it started to the moment they shut it down. It wasn't viable, because they didn't charge enough, and I would have happily paid more. I miss it to this day, because no one else has started a similar service in my area. Everyone can use it easily. It's an easy tool to use. You don't need a Google account to install an extension. > What do I do? Install the extension and use postman easily. If you give a reason, there's a small chance that you may have to defend that reason legally. Therefore, it's best to not give a specific reason. It's harsh, but protection of the business is more of a priority than potentially hurting someone's feelings by not giving a reason. Of course there are exceptions. My girlfriend being one of them. She's not capable of switching and input and using a different remote to control a different device - or even a universal remote to control both devices, for that matter. If she cannot get to Netflix with the push of a button, then I get a call every time she wants to watch Netflix when I'm not home. Smart TVs make technology accessible, and that's why they are popular. If the moon is only one pixel in an image that doesn't fit on your screen, then it would be invisible in an image that does. It would be impossible to get the whole solar system in one image that fits on your current screen without scrolling. So, what you would really like is a higher resolution screen. Hmmm, I don't know. When I install it on Windows Chrome, I immediately get an icon next to the URL bar. Sorry I can't be of more help. Displaying text clearly and without artifacts surrounding it. Hearts and Euchre - obsessively. I will only switch lanes when I can see what is causing the blockage. If it's an accident to one side, I get to the other. This avoids the mess of merging at the last minute. Having tested this by noting the positions of large distinct trucks that I can see form a distance, I've noticed that I do get through the jam faster this way. It looks like HTML5 has opened up the same avenues of UI abuse that Flash did. I agree. I believe that, to businesses, perception is reality, and Rice's appointment will give the perception of increased data security. People may value privacy, but businesses value security. Thanks for the informative post. I'm new to the idea, and I have a question. You say that the decision making process is democratic. Couldn't that be dangerous? The majority is not always right, or even informed enough to make a correct decision. An executive hierarchy puts this process in the hands of key decision makers, who are supposed to make the correct decisions to protect the company's interests based on their experience. What happens when the decision made by the democratic majority is potentially harmful to the company? Is there a hierarchy in place to mitigate bad decisions? Thanks for the informative post. I'm new to the idea, and I have a question. You say that the decision making process is democratic. Couldn't that be dangerous? The majority is not always right, or even informed enough to make a correct decision. An executive hierarchy puts this process in the hands of key decision makers, who are supposed to make the correct decisions to protect the company's interests based on their experience. What happens when the decision made by the democratic majority is potentially harmful to the company? Is there a hierarchy in place to mitigate bad decisions? EDIT: jawns has clarified that the democratic process can be used to appoint an executive heirarchy. I was under the impression that every business decision was put to a vote by the entire cooperative. I understand now that key decision makers can be elected in order to mitigate decisions that may be harmful to the business. I've never noticed the "a" was missing until now, but I've intuitively always pronounced it as one word, like "coda-cademy" I purchased a quarter on the street for $100. It was a medical strain that came in a jar labeled with all of the manufacturers information - somewhere out in California. I looked it up on the manufacturers web site, and they were charging $200 to customers with a card. If that is the standard, then they are going to have a hell of a time overriding the street market with retail. Oh, really? -- posted from my smartphone I used to despise the full page ads that would appear before the articles contents were displayed, and would close the page and never come back. Now, I just close the ad and read the article, pretending the ad was never there. Maybe it's just a matter of forced acceptance, because I no longer find it a distraction. However, if you pop something up over the content that I am actively reading, I, like you, am sure to close the page and never come back. Like this, but for employment instead of freelance? https://news.ycombinator.com/item?id=7679422 Yes. In fact, it's the only valid argument. Most people I that I know own a gun, and none have ever killed anybody. People with mental issues kill people, and they use more than just guns. I have a block of knives on my kitchen counter that have the potential to be just as deadly. Cairo may be more accessible from Amsterdam. > The URL is still accessible in iOS by tapping the URL bar, or in the Canary experiment by clicking the origin chip or hitting ⌘-L.[0] I honestly don't see what the big deal is. So, you have to click the origin chip to modify or share the URL. There's even a handy keyboard shortcut. What am I missing? The examples in the link[0] show that it's actually beneficial. [0] http://jakearchibald.com/2014/improving-the-url-bar/ The new Acura MDX has something like this for its backup camera. The center rear view mirror looks normal, until you put it in reverse. When you do, the left hand side of the mirror becomes the backup camera monitor, with no reflection. The best part is, you can still see a reflection in the right side of the mirror, so you can use it as normal, and you don't have to look down at your dashboard to see the video feed. An attacker would have to modify the actual gem files in a way that would yield the same checksums, since the hashing is one way only. This is terrible and very overly dramatic. This whole "white guilt" thing is getting old. I talk to everyone the same way, and have never had an issue with a conversation strictly because of someones race. White people can be unemployed too, and when you ask someone what they do for a living, its up to them as to where the conversation goes next. I live in South Florida, a cultural melting pot, and have never tailored my conversation to someones ethnicity. Just treat people how you would expect them to treat you. The rest is up to them, and it's not your fault if they don't treat you how you expect. > everywhere I click it says I need n more rep to use a piece of functionality. Sorta like HN. I like to prefix the element name with the entity name that will be written to. That way, if I have a form that will be writing to the attributes of multiple entities, I know exactly what each represents. If two entities share an attribute name, then the element names will be distinct. For instance, if I have a UI where the user can enter order details and add order lines, then the elements that represent order attributes are prefixed with "order-" and the others are prefixed with "orderLine-". It is tremendously helpful during maintenance. Oops, I didn't mean to type "orderLine" in camel case. I usually use underscores in the entity and attribute names, and separate them with a dash, like "order_line-item_sku". That way, I can distinctly select the entity or attribute, or easily search for all attributes for a given entity, like "order_line-". There's a saying that goes something like "a successful negotiation is one where both parties feel like they're getting the better deal". I think you are correct. You typically don't have to negotiate much for a fair deal. He's just making the point that it's unethical, which it is. Even if it boils down to simple bandwidth theft. Thanks for this. If you get errors while extracting with WinRar, like "Total path and file name length must not exceed 260 characters", then use the advice here[0] to work around it. [0] http://stackoverflow.com/questions/13178377/winrar-total-pat... > I recommend extracting it so that the base directory is C:\Atom or whichever drive you prefer, as this prevents long path name errors. The issue I am referring to is not the same as the issue at the end of the post. I'm referring to an issue with the temp folder that WinRar uses, and not the path to which you are extracting. One more edit: Working well on Win7 Pro SP1. As well, I can often have a five minute phone call to get a few questions answered. It would have taken me five minutes just to type the questions in a clear an unambiguous way, and then I would have to wait for the response. I chose yes, but I really only have sporadic bouts of regret triggered by a specific event: not being able to grok things. Whenever I cannot wrap my head around a CS concept, I blame my postponement of my degree. Whatever it may be, I feel like I would have learned it at university. If I would have finished, I probably wouldn't have learned most of those things, but at least I wouldn't have that nagging feeling every time. Ctrl+Esc. Not as convenient, but it works. Alternatively, pair it with a new mouse fro m the MS Sculpt line, and you have a start button on the mouse. Wow, I did not know that. You are correct, and that is a terrible inconvenience. You could go the Sculpt mouse route still. I have the ergo, and I'm digging it. I have yet to use the (un-customizable) start button on it, but it does support the shortcuts. There are some people who loathe eating, and derive zero pleasure from their taste sense. They perceive meals as a chore. Those people are their very small target market for the complete-meal-replacement aspect of their product. Since I don't have the cred to edit a comment that's been replied to yet, I'll clarify in a reply: You are absolutely correct, and I should have been more clear about the complete-meal-replacement aspect. I was referring to the small segment of people that would love to replace every meal with something like Soylent. So maybe "complete-food-replacement" would have conveyed my intended meaning a bit better. I too ate lots of Ramen in college, but in order to prevent myself from wanting to slit my wrists, I'd usually seek out at least one meal a day with some nutiritional value, and, more importantly, flavor that wasn't just salt water. Specifically regarding temperature, I don't think Celsius is granular enough, unless you like working with fractions. For instance, in my home, I can feel the difference between 72 F (22.2 C) and 73 F (22.8 C), and I prefer 73 F. Fractions would be just as easy for me to decipher, but there are some dim folks out there that have to be catered to, because they are legitimate consumers. Regarding other measurements, I agree that metric should be used, because it just makes sense. Millimeters are about as granular as 1/16 inches, so that would eliminate the need to work with fractions in most cases. > This is not anticipated to pose a problem, as this is considerably longer than the time it would take the Sun to theoretically expand to a red giant and swallow the Earth. That's management speak right there. It's assumptions like this that will surely have future colonial developers cursing their earthbound predecessors. Hoppy beer is already skunked! (j/k) But seriously, a cold beer in the hot sun can be one of life's little pleasures, but it requires the right kind of beer - typically one that you wouldn't drink otherwise. For instance, I would never touch a Corona in a bar, but a Corona with a lime on the beach is a completely different experience. However, my go-to sun-beer is a nice Blue Moon with an orange slice, which is another beer I typically wouldn't drink otherwise. The fact that this has made over $50 in a day makes me question what I've been doing with my life. Hodor. It seems to be a nominal fee to prevent dormant accounts from taking up resources, and ensure a pool of committed candidates. I'm sure they are charging job posters much more money, and those posters would have the confidence that their offers are reaching committed individuals. (mostly - aside from the 30 day trial users) Really, you are more than "mostly" to blame; you are "completely" to blame. You're also bordering on defamation, so you should probably reconsider your article. As I said on the comment on your site: > Nothing is "deep within" the TOS, if you do what you are supposed to do when using it as part of your business model, and read it in it's entirety. You completely and solely failed in your due diligence. You have already used paid-tier resources, and they are simply asking you to reimburse them for that. > where I live That's something that you may need to consider changing if the job situation is really that drastic. You have nothing without your health. Correlation != Causation.* Maybe climate patterns are on a 650,001 year cycle? * I make no claims as to my stance on the issue. I am simply playing devil's advocate. I like Gear Up's game play style more. I'm not a big fan of RTS/RPG elements, and I just like to get into the fray a.s.a.p. Thank you for the link. It looks like fun. I shall check it out after work this evening. on Not that you are even on topic here, but it doesn't take "dozens of trees" to make the little wooden desk that he made. > over which they have full control That may just be the problem. When everyone has full control over how they present themselves, then everyone presents themselves differently. The problem with this approach is the inconsistency - a user has to learn their way around a different UX for each entity's presence. With Facebook and Twitter, it's a familiar UX for the end user, and the information related to different entities is presented in more or less the same format for all entities. This makes is easier for the end user to find the information they are looking for, and sometimes that's better than branding. So, while it's important for an entity to have a branded web identity, I think that it's equally important for an entity to have and promote a presence on popular social media as well. It's a sort of dumbed-down identity for the masses. "That wasn't in the specification" An excuse being an attempt to justify a fault, I don't consider that an excuse. That one is a fact, and it's not the programmers fault when it happens. You spelled "Israel" wrong. I think it's so the people will say "Oh well, at least it's not $400 million.", and go on with their day. But, it could be your theory too, or may both! :-) Tell your friend that there will always be (a) people with legitimate medical issues, (b) people who are fad dieters, and (c) people who judge. She cannot control any of those things, so she should not let those things irritate her. She's improving her life in one way, and letting it stress her in another. Tell her that I said it's okay for her to do whatever she wants for whatever reason she wants to, and it's no on else's business. Also, tell her I said to have a fantastic day! A direct input would be nice. It took me five seconds to keep eight dollars by holding, but it could have taken only one second with direct input. Any particular reason that it's limited to this mechanic? Also, it seems to be stuck on the eight dollar screen. It keeps asking me to hold to $8, but never shows me a new photo. This is the stock Note 3 browser. EDIT: Now I can't even get it to register $3. Perhaps we are hugging the site too hard. Yup. Chrome worked well. Nice work! Nope. Everything. Forever. I have never been convicted of a crime, but I do have felony arrests on my record that have prevented me from getting an apartment, and hindered me from getting into a university.