Diagnosed with ADD as a child via. A 6 week double blind study with teachers, parents, doctor. I still take medication as an adult and makes me able to be a software engineer. Without it, I do maybe 4 hour work days. Unsustainable. My largest challenge is dealing with misinformation and the, "oh everyone has ADHD" perception. It's painful to feel so dismissed when my disorder drastically affects who I am, and diagnosis and treatment affects who I get to be. I just can't justify writing my team's code base in typescript. I don't want to make that move, setting us down a very specific path. I don't want to add another layer of training to develop on our codebase, but mainly, I just don't have the confidence that it's a right or wrong choice, and its a big choice. But I get a sense that it would be great to try for smaller, disposable projects as that's limited risk. Does anyone else struggle with TypeScript simply because of how big a choice it can be? I hear you. I'm terrified by the kinds of interviews that want programming trivia. In the last three years I've never had to code a binary search tree. But I should be able to show you I'm very comfortable with Python. I find it beautiful that some things in math are so easily and convincingly disprovable that brute force is a valid approach. Once you have the numbers, it's easily reproducible. Things that look like colonialism are no longer considered acceptable in this era. I installed a different environment and hid all the apps I never use. I can get to them but they're absent from my day to day. I went through a number of iphones and loved the simplicity that iOS provided. Then I got an Android and put a lot of work into my UI via settings menus and drag and drop, which resulted in something far more minimal than what iOS was (at the cost of setting it up). I understand what you're saying and don't necessarily disagree, particularly as I don't know enough about the subject to form a strong opinion. I would intuit that one might argue the contract was in error if there's a clear indication of intent. Same to you. Can you explain why you think so? I bet an analysis like that will find a ton of code that shouldn't be abstracted. Maybe at some compilation level more optimization can be done. But perfectly optimized code is likely much less maintainable. Nevertheless, it would be very revealing and educational. How important is a name for uptake? I think this one might actually have an impact. Not sure why. It just looks and sounds weird. I would love to learn more about languages and marketing. Off to Google! Coding is like driving. Even someone from a developing nation who has never seen it before can learn it. But we aren't all professional race car drivers. It is easy. And it is very very hard. What damage does it do to have a selection of tools available? I like yours better. It's funny. I agree with that 100%. Especially with programming. My largest argument for a large standard library like python's is that we are at least all using the same tools. But for some reason your suggestion really rubbed me the wrong way. Probably because I use Ubuntu a lot and find tremendous value in it. I'll have to revisit my opinions on the matter. I went to school for non CS STEM and now I do software engineering as a career. You're absolutely right. All that stuff was totally critical to me. Clearpath isn't going anywhere. ;) Apply! We love our co-ops. Without reading the article I assumed this would be some tutorial on official Mac OS tools. Once I read it, it was obviously not the case. Just anecdotal evidence. This is why conservation is important, even as a selfish act. Take away bear habitat and you have safety problem to deal with. And the bear patrol tax isn't cheap! The article seems to suggest there's massive illegal logging problems that caused loss of habitat and food. What django gave us out of the box would have been impossible with SQL in the same timeframe with the resources we had. If we had the luxury to do things properly and fully the first time, we never would have made it to market with our robots. This isn't to say that one day we won't throw away django or use more SQL. We just had real world schedules to deal with. "clever code isn't." Is what I try to teach all who will listen. Good code should never be illegible to newbies. And if they can read your code, they can learn way faster. Thanks for sharing your experiences. I would have never known Bluetooth was anything less than a dream. I've apparently been very fortunate. Usually considerably slower than just writing it all again. There needs to be a journal called "Failures" that focuses exclusively on failed experiments and unreproducible results. I'm far more interested in learning why something may have gone wrong. Maybe it's just me but I feel it would surprise many people with its popularity. I'm using fair trade, organic, free range, gluten free JavaScript libraries. I think "advanced cruise control" for example may have been better. The moment you say autopilot or autonomous, you think entirely hands off. Right. But public understanding of the word is not the same as trained pilots. TV and games have fairly conclusively made the word mean "autonomous." I can't. I'm a fraud. Catch the exception and pass. It's why I like python's attitude toward this. It's explicit, not implicit and therefore easier to read and maintain. Not legal in Canada. Debt isn't a criminal offense. I don't think they can arrest you. But maybe I'm confusing it for: they can't throw you in jail for debts. Doesn't the TI 83 calculator still sell quite well? It's a solid machine that does one thing and does it well. You may be right. Haven't thought of that. Any religious activity is fine if it doesn't interfere with your duties in society. If you're falling asleep while fasting, isn't that a sign of going too far with it? Seems intuitively unhealthy. Developers are not fungible. But in my opinion: this "10x" term really has to go away. We need a better way to describe the reality that there's a range in quality and capability for developers that doesn't suggest an order of magnitude. That just means corner cutting. I'd be proud to be a 1.3x-er Ontario has it posted prominently. The top Google result is the official PDF. It's only 76 pages. BC's page has an FAQ saying public library and that its over 1400 pages. Yeah. My internet tech support has been incredible. I have many amazing stories. All possible because the big telecoms were forced to wholesale, allowing competitors to exist in at least a limited capacity. I will never go back to rogers or Bell again simply because of how amazing the support is at teksavvy. Do they exclude from those numbera cars they produce that don't work off the line? The way you describe relevance at each order of magnitude is eye opening to me. It's exactly what we have been doing, but it was never explained so eloquently why we succeed because of that. Did you get this from somewhere or is it your wording? Any feelings on Marathon on the Mac? I recall that game feeling quite groundbreaking in the semi 3d era. I didn't know this wasn't something all phones had. I love random FM radio when I'm on a walk. The moment I hit an ad in just seek and listen to something new. We need a space alien BDFL with the power to cause existence failure to any human at any time. "Benevolent" being the critical part of that. I will fight hard to never use globals or Singleton's. It makes my code conceptually way more obvious but sometimes the boilerplate is just wild to pass things like eventemitter around Everyone doing it the same way is far more valuable than individuals doing everything 5% faster. Every Python library I read is immediately accessible to me. This hasn't been the case for JavaScript. Maybe an editor can allow you to expand function calls so they appear in-line when you want to read them as such. Often I do have the nested call hell, but the alternative is an absurd amount of writing/testing things twice. It was the first video I ever saw run on a computer. I got it on a Nautilus CD and played on my Macintosh LC3. Only 8MB of RAM so it was like 160x120 resolution or something. Very interesting to hear that. The opposite is true for me and I never would have thought people are still offended by that word. Very good to know that a word that's fun and light hearted to me might still offend others. Nerfherder Don't you get a breakdown of what every app has used on Android? Why does the app need to repeat that? You serve your audience, not the other way around. I'm sure a lot of authors and artists feel that the audience is an entity meant to serve them. I want to believe that a cat fell asleep on the space bar. Then eventually woke up and posted. We have a keg at work. It's used enough to not go bad, but there's never been an issue with it. People will have a beer on a Friday or during a lunch on a really busy day. I'm not a beer drinker and bring in cider for those times. This probably goes without saying, but alcohol isn't the problem. I imagine problem people and problem cultures often like to involve alcohol, so there's a correlation. I didn't know that. Incredibly useful, thanks! JavaScript lends itself really well to functional programming, no? Honestly I want both. The mathematical expressions, and an implementation in any language. I never took math in university and am woefully deficient. But the past few years proved to me that I'm 100% capable of learning the concepts. I just really sorely need examples in a syntax I understand. It's definitely no Haskell. But if you wanted to do FP in JavaScript, it wouldn't be a painful ordeal, no? Well, ES6 and newer at least. My experience with ReactJS has been the first time I felt I had the perfect balance of OOP and FP. The components are so well defined as objects since they have the luxury of being tangible. But using them in a pure manner with zero local state makes them so easy to reason about and reuse. More can be said about Redux but I'll leave it there. Also, is it still accurate? I heard its way off now. You can create components from functions or as classes. I will create a button class, which has some methods for how it renders and updates itself and how a user interacts with it. I can then subclass it to make a toggle button or whatever else. Say I have a form with 4 fields and a "Submit" button. The submit button's `onClick` tells its parent that it was clicked. The parent calls `getValue()` on all of its children (the form fields) and dispatches a `updateMyDatabase()` action. My example may be controversial to some as my form fields have state. Some may say that on every keystroke, the form should have an action called that updates the `centralState.formValue`. But regardless of that, I think it's still evident how there's OOP involved? This is a work of fiction right? I feel so stupid for having to ask. I did poorly in high school. Largely because of untreated ADHD. I got to university and did no math. But really excelled at my studies (STEM related). Somehow I got into a software engineering position in robotics. And regularly I need not just the logic and rational thought you gain from school, but the practical math skills. I've been picking up what I need to learn from open courseware like MIT lectures. The thing that really upsets me is that I'm learning it without issue. I was always completely capable of it, but my time in high school convinced me I wasn't. I wish I had been convinced/allowed to take more math in university. I can often be an asshole on Reddit. But I never am here because HN is so clean and well kept. The signal to noise ratio is fantastic and I'll be damned if I'm going to be the one to lessen it. Kind of amazing to me how it works that way: once there's graffiti on the wall, suddenly the perception is that it's okay to put graffiti on the wall. Thank you for sharing. That's exactly what I was trying to convey, without knowing the term. To each their own. I always try to step away from software engineering because I feel I'm supposed to take a break. But am hour into a video game and I don't feel challenged or creative. So I go right back to what I love. I suspect I'm the kind of person who will never truly retire. A million bucks doesn't get you very far. I've worked at a start-up that builds robots for 3 years now and I underappreciated just how much money it takes to run a company. That cool million would pay for what.. maybe 5 or 6 engineers for a year when you account for the cost of salary, a building to work at, resources to work with, benefits, etc. Not that $850m isn't kind of wild for a pure software company. But a million isn't a lot of cash. Yup. The company I'm was was self sufficient after its first few years. Grew slowly and organically. Funding has only been to speed up that growth once our products were proven. Flxbxrizr I set that linting rule in JavaScript. My entire app shows up as a lightning bolt. Makes sense. It seems simple too. They don't have to develop any special skills on a per case basis. Sell everything the same way. Napping on them, even! There is something beautiful about how pure the content on 4chan is because there's no e peen. Very true. The nice thing about some of this is that it's harmless if wrong. Extra sleep won't hurt me, but it'll make me feel better about sleeping rather than feeling that it's wasted time I could have been spending trying to get healthier or smarter. I want this so badly but I feel I'm set up to fail due to how much I hate vegetables. I just can't enjoy salads. I wonder if the "this tastes awful" response will change as I move away from carbs? I'm curious, when are these kinds of compilers truly useful? Maybe its my own ignorance, but language design often doesn't map 1:1, so wouldn't it end up feeling forced? Whenever I design and implement software, I expect it to fail. I wonder, "where's the catch?" I almost obsess over finding it. This design will fail. Why? And like any good software, most of them eventually do. But with that attitude, I had obsessed over understanding the limitations and problems rather than successes, which made the next version much more clear to design. Failure is part of the process! How is it possible to not find the Kildall function if it's there? Isnt it a pretty tiny haystack for today's standards? The part that I fear is the seemingly cookie cutter questions for CS grads, not for developers for that position. I've been doing software dev for almost 3 years. Never had to implement a red black tree. Nor could I, since I never took CS at school. I'm very good at my job but would bomb the technical part of many of the traditional interviews. I will always bet on what comes natural to most to be healthy. It's absurd to think we evolved "wrongly" and need to fight natural tendencies. These discussions are perfect examples of why building good social skills can be more important than learning the next greatest programming language 5.0. Yup. Apologies if it sounded like I was suggesting that. I just wanted to communicate that there's no "wrong" way for things to evolve. Evolution just is . But be careful not to obsess over it. I've seen some worry about the runtime complexity of collections in Python for a handful of elements. Knock over half empty soda can, partially clean up the spill with some pizza greased napkins. Yeah. What I got from this is to completely stray from the norm. Spend your whole day doing the thing we usually struggle to find 5 minutes for. I've been fortunate enough that my employer encourages people to find the patterns that work for them. Now that I've been there a few years, I've been taking greater liberties on when I come and go. Some days I just wander home at 3pm because it's just not happening. Other days I'm there 8-8 and skip lunch because I'm so excited to see a new feature work. I've never been so productive or happy. What kind of punishment could be handed out for this? I wish Canada's system was that good. I've been to the ER twice. 6-8 hour wait for things that weren't life threatening but definitely required an ER visit. Ever waited in an ER for 8 hours while sick as a dog? It's awful. But then I think about how often I intend on being at the hospital and will gladly pay 8 hours every time if it means nobody has to find a co-pay to learn if their cancer is back. They say they will because it's what everyone notices. And a long wait for medical attention seems scary. They can't because the solution is more money and more doxtors and nurses, which isn't easy to solve in the duration of their mandate as a politician. Imagine if the solution is possible but you won't detect it for 10-15 years. That's not going to get you re elected in 4. Can someone point me to how I show full quality animations on an iOS device? I've seen some canvas style spritr sheet solutions but those feel bulky for when I just want a looping animation. WebM has been awesome for animations on desktop but they don't work properly on iOS: won't animate inline. I'm having kids for one reason: I hate mowing my lawn. Ooh good to know. Thank you. :) I mostly agree with you. But let's be fair about the process for getting a key copied: 1. Wander around the store finding someone who looks like they know how to copy a key 2. Follow them awkwardly while they finish helping someone else 3. Watch them wander through all the key templates to find the right one. 4. 20 seconds into the first attempt he notices a deformity and starts over. 5. 11 seconds into the second attempt, the key catches and goes soaring majestically across the store. 6. 53 seconds into the third attempt you finally have your key. 7. Discover you forgot your wallet. Still a bigger security risk than having digital lock doors. Why did they target all the apple devices? What drives a decision like that? Don't you want to target the largest demographics first? I would imagine there's a ton of Linux and windows and Android users? Disallowing JIT due to security. That's something I'd like to understand. What might I Google? Points for communicating and being honest. But it still scares me a little that a process like that can be so easily skipped. I don't even consciously think of risk aversion. For me, it's purely about making the locally optimal decision. Money is a tool to me, and an annoying one at that. I kind of hate it. I want to think about it and handle it as little as possible in my life. So I make the financial fire and forget decisions. I take all the exciting and potentially rewarding risks in the other parts of life. This is why I find myself writing fewer bugs when I'm writing Python. I write less and have less to mess up. In my opinion no. Passion is always critical for a good team. But passion doesn't mean you have to work 60 hours or do home projects. You just have to come to work eager a d excited to learn and grow. I'm curious abiut generally speaking what workarounds you're doing in react. Every workaround I've had to do, eventually revealed itself as a code smell or antipattern. Obviously they are there; no view library is perfect. But I have yet to see what one loons like. Strong opinions lightly held. It's been working for where I work for 3 years now. Maturity helps. And the desire to find the best solution, not the solution you came up with.