Now combine that with the extremely confusing net.IP and net.IP.To16() and you can get a sneaky bug that I've seen in practice. https://play.golang.org/p/SGgR4RSCPvM You can still use Google Code Search on the Chrome codebase. https://cs.chromium.org For example here's a hacky regex that finds lambdas: https://cs.chromium.org/search/?q=%5CW%5C%5B%5B%5E%5C%5D%5D*... I see that those circles look like a Venn diagram. But for a Venn diagram to be useful in explaining something, there needs to be an easily understandable definition about what the 2 circles are. That doesn't seem to exist here. I can't come up with a logical definition for what the top circle or the bottom circle represent. If you let a something MITM you it will always be able to steal your files, no path validation will fix that. If you let something MITM you when copying files from client to server it should have no way of changing the destination directory (assuming you authenticate using asymmetric crypto), regardless of path validation. This vulnerability has nothing to do with that. This vulnerability is only about copying files from the server to the client, and lacking path validation when that happens. This problem can be fixed without fixing MITM. Is it possible to write an operating system or a browser if we forget about the languages you want us to forget about? I came up with a new phishing avoidance scheme based on this, point at the url bar before typing your password. I don't understand your comment. Version 1.5.6 of what? The NumPy 1.16.0 notes say > Support for Python 3.4 been dropped, the supported Python versions are 2.7 and 3.5-3.7. That definitely sounds like NumPy 1.16.0 doesn't support python 3.4. If many people want to fight against something, making it public helps those people to find each other and organize. From some of the tweets, other people in similar situations have reached out to her. I don't think security of entry to the apartment is the main concern (because most locks can be picked fairly easily, and criminals force doors regardless of lock). I think privacy, network security, and availability are the bigger issues. HTTPS isn't automatically secure. It depends on certificates being issued correctly. But certificate issuance depends on insecure protocols: DNS and BGP. Also there's hijacking account recovery and 2 factor codes via SMS. https://www.theverge.com/2017/9/18/16328172/sms-two-factor-a... How are the end-to-end encryption keys distributed? What happens if you lose your phone, or give up your number and someone else gets it? Yes, but many sites still use it for 2fa. And regardless of 2fa, it's also commonly used in account recovery which is even worse than 2fa. Having a user verify that a piece of infrastructure is correct (aka not a spoofed cell tower) is a much easier problem than having a user verify that a different user is correct (necessary for fully verified e2e). If all the user needs to verify is the infrastructure, then something like https's certificates could work, but it could be simpler because it would be managed entirely by one organization. So more concretely, your sim card could contain some root CAs that it trusts. The problem is many people would think "decompiler" means it outputs source code. Yeah I think you're right, a form of end-to-end wouldn't be too hard. But it would only protect against passive attacks by your provider. It wouldn't protect against active attacks by your provider. Your provider could issue itself a new cert for you and your correspondent and then intercept the messages. It's certainly an improvement over what we have now though. Here's the new code: beta8.Mod(beta8, curve.P) x3.Sub(x3, beta8) if x3.Sign() == -1 { x3.Add(x3, curve.P) } x3.Mod(x3, curve.P) I don't understand it why it's all necessary. This is shorter and seems to do the exact same thing: beta8.Mod(beta8, curve.P) x3.Sub(x3, beta8) x3.Mod(x3, curve.P) Also, beta8 is never used after this code. So this should do the same thing as well: x3.Sub(x3, beta8) x3.Mod(x3, curve.P) Where does it mention 4? By saying "IRA vs 401k" I think you're misspeaking. There's a Roth IRA, and a traditional IRA. There's a Roth 401k and a traditional 401k. I think you're trying to make a Roth vs traditional distinction, not an IRA vs 401k distinction. You're right that the article confuses various things. But you're wrong in your analysis. Capital gains rate has nothing to do with this. Whether it's Roth or traditional, and whether it's 401k or IRA, you never pay capital gains rate, you always pay income tax rate. You're also wrong in saying paying up front is better in terms of tax rate. In terms of tax rates, Roth vs traditional both have the same rate (assuming you have the same tax rate now as in retirement) (and IRA vs 401k also both have the same rate, regardless of tax rates now vs retirement). Roth does have several advantages though. It has a higher effective legal contribution limit. It also allows a higher density of value per dollar, which is useful in a fund like the Medallion fund that is limited to $10B. It's taxed just the same as if you were below the income limit. There's no income limit on Roth 401ks as far as I know, where did you hear that there is one? >You can, however, convert IRA assets into Roth assets at any income level provided you pay the tax on conversion. You seem to be saying you can convert traditional IRA money into a Roth IRA. That's true, but how do you get traditional IRA money? There's an income limit when you make traditional IRA contributions if your employer has a 401k: https://www.irs.gov/retirement-plans/2019-ira-deduction-limi... Yeah, but that's not really "traditional". And if done fast enough, the "tax on conversion" will be essentially nothing. What if we interpret Moore's law to say that transaction speed will double every 2 years? Create a fake identity, fake company, then contact the researcher claiming you want to hire him/her. Get the researcher to come to a restaurant and secretly record the meeting while using leading questions to try to force the researcher into saying unpleasant things. They have a table below that with amounts listed for different types of bugs. I'm guessing the 150'000 means they'll stop paying for new bugs once they've reached that amount. Couldn't employees in Hong Kong revert the changes and alert the media? Not phishing? AIUI, the phrase "link tax" isn't really correct, because it doesn't apply if you just link. It applies if you copy the headline or a snippet. You can't nicely ask the hacker not to do it. The hackers are constantly scanning the internet regardless of what you want. Save $69k sounds a lot more significant than save 38%. If you're going to be using the server less than 73% of the time, AWS sounds better. The site uses https for me (and the HN link is https too). It does make 3 http requests, all for gravatar jpeg files. Scott isn't blaming them for shutting down comments either, in fact Scott is also shutting down comments. Scott is blaming them for not being truthful about the reason they shut down comments. But you also have the freedom to live in lower cost of living areas, making the money go further. Actually 39.04% according to this website. Still, 30% is closer to correct than 55%. https://smartasset.com/taxes/income-taxes By "no one" crapbone meant no single employer. And no single employer paid Santiago the money. It was paid by a group of companies each paying bounties for different bugs. Very few sites use certificate pinning. Chrome dropped support for dynamic certificate pinning. Web based certificate pinning is often recommended against because it's very hard to do right. Also, using Let's Encrypt doesn't stop you from certificate pinning. >it’s less secure — you’re trusting (many) third parties You're trusting those third parties regardless of if you use your own PKI, because browsers already trust all those root CAs anyways. One weird thing I've found about EOF is that EOF is sometimes not actually the end. You can read an EOF from stdin and then continue reading more data. Someone could even write new code that relies on it. Are you saying that's a high number or a low number? Because if you're saying it's high, you picked the wrong examples, here's a different example from the article: >The student’s parents paid $1.2 million in bribes, officials said. Several places online claim it never operated as a M:TG exchange, that was just a plan that never was executed. All the archive.org snapshots seem to show a non-functional site. https://www.wired.com/2014/03/bitcoin-exchange/ https://www.reddit.com/r/Bitcoin/comments/1bzysz/til_mtgox_w... https://bitcointalk.org/index.php?topic=4412667.0 https://web.archive.org/web/20070501000000*/http://mtgox.com I did read the Wikipedia part before posting my comment. Wikipedia seems to have no non-paywalled sources for the statement that it went live "sometime around late 2007". Thanks for the Gwern link, it's interesting. When a simple int foo(int x) { return x+1; } leads to undefined behavior (aka the standard says the program can delete your hard drive) if x is too big, that's not a language that guarantees memory safety. I've never used rust, but from what I've heard, it crashes in debug mode, and wraps (two's complement) in release mode. According to the spec, it can lead to all the same problems that any UB leads to, including all the problems that any memory unsafety leads to. The code is allowed by the spec to cause memory unsafety. But to list some direct memory unsafety possibilities: indexing off the end of an array, indexing off the end of a vector, dereferencing a bad pointer, dereferencing a null pointer, dereferencing a bad iterator, double delete. >For Facebook obviously it's different. What evidence do you have for that? Nowhere in the article does it say facebook "explicity logged" passwords. The logging likely happened through some unintended and roundabout process that is far from explicit. The article says the AR-15 is good and the M-16 is bad. You seem to be lumping them into a single thing. The entire point of this article is the difference between the AR-15 and the M-16. So if they are essentially the same, that means this article is pointless. That type of assertion needs some strong evidence given how well-researched the article is. The 3 differences the article lists between the AR-15 and the M-16 are: 1. The M-16 added a useless "manual bolt closure" making it a bit heavier. 2. The M-16 rate of twist was changed from one-in-14-inches to one-in-12, which made it 40% less lethal. 3. The M-16 switched from IMR 4475 powder to ball powder, which made it much much less reliable. After tons of US soldiers died due to the unreliability, they modified the ball powder and changed the mechanical "buffer" of the rifle, which made it more reliable, but still less than the AR-15. Taiwan and Macao appear to be majority other. The article says AMI already knew about the affair before Sanchez was contaced by AMI about the affair. >AMI has repeatedly insisted they had only one source on their Bezos story, but the Journal reports that when the Enquirer began conversations with Michael Sanchez, they had “already been investigating whether Mr. Bezos and Ms. Sanchez were having an affair.” Michael Sanchez has since confirmed to Page Six that when the Enquirer contacted him back in July, they had already “seen text exchanges” between the couple. If accurate, the WSJ and Page Six stories would mean, clearly and obviously, that the initial information came from other channels—another source or method. Isn't there a distinction between a DNS server and a DNS resolver? How is "just donate a building like a real rich person" a fallacy? The article doesn't say it's bad to donate and get in. >In this case, people bribed individuals to enrich themselves, not the school. That is a decrease in the available spots for students at the school. The article agrees with this, saying it's theft from the school, whereas donating a building isn't theft from the school. I wouldn't say subsidies would disincentivize meat. I would say they would incentivize both meat substitutes and meat, in an equally proportional amount. Were all those errors observable back in 2000? It could be that compiler and operating systems differences now are what caused/revealed some bugs. For example the speed problem was probably much less back then due to slower computers. It's apartments built before 1995 with at least 3 units. https://www.mountainview.gov/depts/comdev/preservation/rents... In July 2018 he was going to be kicked out "within the next several weeks". Now it's "hours to days", so it's closer. https://news.ycombinator.com/item?id=17582652 Of course it's not justifiable. The question is, parents were rationalizing school bribery, was this man rationalizing medicare bribery? What costs are the overhead of manufacturing? The packaging? The packaging shouldn't cost ($750-$13.50) = $736.50. (2017) Whether they bought back in doesn't make a difference. If you sell BTC, that's a taxable event. And that only happens among Christians? Atheists and Muslims aren't motivated by money? It says "About 15 percent of Americans are called for jury duty each year". Multiply that by 10x and get 150%. But I thought someone can only be called for jury once per year. I guess you could increase the chance of being called only for those who haven't been called yet. >The article says there were 3,200 foreign investors who qualified for the EB-5 through Hudson Yards The article says >Related solicited investments from some 3,200 foreign visa-seekers It's unclear to me what the definition of "solicited" is. There are tons of videos that aren't very tiny, and that have large color counts. notatoad is talking about those. Yes, the article says that was the solution on how to unlock it. Actively using it to harm others is different than just creating it. It's a curiosity item. I would buy an anonymous one if they were $30 or less. It's interesting to have around, a conversation piece. The anonymous one increases the interest, because it better demonstrates the danger, the precariousness. >Lines of celebrity meat. Check out http://bitelabs.org/ And it sounds like Citrix didn't even notice, it was the FBI who noticed then alerted Citrix. 5% isn't possible, but you can make over 2% on treasury bills currently. The risk of the US government defaulting on loans can be essentially ignored. Do you have any information about US bonds being seized like this? I don't understand how it could happen. This might not be exactly answering your question, but you can buy 4 week treasury bills. Even if you can't sell bonds, having money tied up for 4 weeks might not be a big problem. Browsers can only protect against malicious websites and malicious extensions. They can't protect against malware. Even without any cert problems, malware on your machine can modify the browser executable/process to insert whatever code it wants. With this reduced threat model, it's easy to simply keep existing pre-installed extensions available, and disable updates. Your only problem is if a pre-installed extension is malicious or has a vulnerability, it will remain. Yes, but what's the point of cert expiration? Is it safe to have certs that never expire? I believe there is a security benefit to expiration. Expiration is useless if it's never enforced. Probably the correct behavior is to have some sort of semi-annoying popup when it expires, and then only a week later do the full blocking. You need to strike the right balance of making it annoying enough that it can't be ignored by everyone (otherwise you just have the exact same problem, just delayed a week) and that fear of it happening is a sufficient motivator to stop people lazily relying on the grace period, but also not too annoying that it makes a lot of people quit. You also want to avoid permission fatigue. >My guess here is archive.is feels they have some need to restrict what content is provided to where in the world Couldn't that be done later, by blocking the actual HTTP TCP connections instead of blocking the DNS requests? Maybe it's an efficiency issue, that they want the higher-efficiency blocking by DNS rather than lower-efficiency blocking during HTTP TCP, but that seems a little strange to me. dig @carl.archive.is archive.is A +noedns responds 134.119.220.26 curl http://134.119.220.26 -H 'Host: archive.is' -v responds with HTML of the site. I'm not a dig expert, but I believe this means it works without EDNS. I think that means archive.is is specifically blocking Cloudflare's servers, not blocking all non-EDNS requests. ackbar03 didn't seem to be asking about what to try, but about what to dedicate a career to. Only old S3 buckets that are accessed the old way. Using phone numbers for throttling user account creation has no security problem. Using phone numbers for 2FA has no security problem compared to password 1FA. The security problem comes when companies use phone numbers for 1FA (during account recovery). From the article: >About the author: Adrien Mauduit is a professional astrophotographer and cinematographer and the CEO and owner of Night Lights Films. The opinions expressed in this article are solely those of the author. Mauduit also does science education, communication, and public outreach for Project PoSSUM. You can find more of Mauduit’s work Facebook, Twitter, and YouTube. I don't understand how that would work. I can see 2 values in a degree: 1 the ability to put the degree on your resume, 2 the knowledge and enjoyment you got from the degree. I don't see how it's possible to remove 2. I guess you could remove 1 by making it illegal to put on your resume, but then how would you become "fully employed" when you can't put the degree on your resume? Yeah, there's nothing spooky there. C++ supports overloads and C doesn't. I got substantial knowledge from my degree. But regardless of whether you got any knowledge from your degree, you could still get enjoyment from your degree. And even if you didn't get any knowledge or enjoyment from your degree, if you remove the ability to put it on your resume, how is someone supposed to become "fully employed"? I still don't see how the person will later become "fully employed" when the person isn't allowed to practice. What does "UC" in "Meltdown UC" mean? And what if a candidate wants to spend that stipend on Facebook ads. Is Facebook not allowed to have a salesperson take that money and sell ads to the candidate? Google Chrome launched with a comic by Scott McCloud in 2008. It looks like Scott McCloud helped on this Federated Learning comic as well. https://www.google.com/googlebooks/chrome/big_00.html Aren't they only eligible for SSI if they've worked in the US for 10 years? >The best place to siphon data in 2019? Your phone. But can't you reverse engineer your phone and see what it's doing? And can't you monitor the network data it's sending? With a backdoor in long haul transport gear, academics, researchers, random hackers, watchdog groups, journalists, competitors, etc, don't have the ability to monitor for bad behavior. No, if you can prove that a secure hash function exists, then you have proved that P != NP. (This is what alexbecker said.) If you can prove P = NP, then you have proved that no secure hash functions exist. (This is the contrapositive.) 4x the amount of time, but what x the amount of qbits? My very vague impression of quantum computing is that making a quantum computer with more qbits is quite hard. >According to three former N.S.A. operators who spoke on the condition of anonymity, analysts spent almost a year finding a flaw in Microsoft’s software and writing the code to target it. Initially, they referred to it as EternalBluescreen because it often crashed computers — a risk that could tip off their targets. But it went on to become a reliable tool used in countless intelligence-gathering and counterterrorism missions. If it took the NSA a year to develop, then it can't be done "on a slow day". > (gesture patterns, content interaction, hardware inputs etc) It doesn't sound like it takes into account which pieces of content you watch, just how you navigate the app. So I don't think watching toys being opened will cause you to be detected as a kid. >I'm still not sure why we're now basing our entire economy around advertising I see 3 models for websites: completely donation based, advertising based, or subscription based. Many sites would have trouble getting the donations they would need to operate. Subscription based means only rich people can afford to use it. Advertising means poor people get the same functionality as rich people. It could be fake troll bids. Internet auctions of items deemed "funny" often accumulate a lot of fake bids from trolls who don't intend to pay. https://www.ebay.com/itm/Artists-Beanie-/111913567870 >a single reasonable subscription That subscription might be reasonable for a middle class person in the US, but way too expensive for the average person in a poorer country. Ads put everyone on the same footing. And if you want to do research on a topic across many different websites, it'll happen that they won't all be in the same community, so you'll have to pay subscription fees to many different communities, sometimes just for a single page view. >The truth is, outside of a chemistry lab I don't care that much about the freezing and boiling points of water Even in a chemistry lab, Celsius isn't that great, it's Kelvin that actually has an advantage. And Rankine would be about as good. A Rankine temperature is just the Fahrenheit temperature +459.67°. My point was about in the chemistry lab, not outside. Yes, C is useful in science because it's commonly used, not really because of any inherent usefulness. The network effect is the usefulness, and if F had that network effect it would be just as useful. It is important, but more important is having absolute 0, which Celsius doesn't have. The other problem with Celsius and the boiling point is that the boiling point changes depending on air pressure, which changes depending on elevation. So it's not always 100°C.