Now that top tier drive maker has acquired the 2nd or 3rd tier maker expect storage prices to go up. Seagate isn't the competition it used to be. If this is true, this is lame. You can't lose. Lame. you are addicted to infographics. Emacs had nothing to do with it. I don't think the government would deny either. I have 3 stations. 2x (2 24") and 27". One 2 24" is landscape portrait where the the other is dual portrait. I think I prefer having two monitors. It is really nice to have a terminal window, docs and IDE open all at the same time. Having the code on the vertical portrait monitor is nice (140+ lines visible at a time). Bezels were never a problem for me. See http://vimeo.com/22606387 Kostis Sagonas goes over PropEr and Dialyzer for Erlang. http://groups.google.com/group/erlang-programming/browse_thr... http://dialyzer.softlab.ntua.gr/ With these two tools one can have a stronger type system than Haskell. PropEr is amazing work. Not to mention CED https://github.com/mariachris/CED which checks all possible state transitions for race conditions. When is the pretending so good that it ceases to be pretending? How much Mocking does the Mocking Bird need to partake in before it is the Creating Mocking Bird? What it didn't seem like Norvig got was difference between understanding and a highly sophisticated pretender. Gut Level vs Self Aware intelligence. Both are valid forms of intelligence but only one is a valid form of understanding. I think statistical methods are a form of intelligence that are highly mechanical and could never achieve human level cognition (ie fart jokes). But I could be wrong, usually am more than half the time. Intel will stop making bricks (metaphor) and skip 28nm and go directly to 20nm for Atom. It is their only hope to get into mobile, even then it will be a weak value prop as the entire mobile market will be on an ARM ISA. Even though the whole dev chain is slightly more flexible to an ISA change, Intel will still be slighty x86ed out of the market only they will be on the other side of the fence this time. Intel won't run on the phones, but they might, if they play their cards right run on tablets and netbooks. It really does suck to be the 900 Lb gorilla. It is also a great excuse for podunk "Great Communicator" loving sherifs to implement American Fascism. As much as I love how safe NYC is, I don't want it to turn into Singapore. Don't mock this guy lest he get all agro on you. You should read, watch and listen to Hitler's speeches. He told the German people they were different, special and they had a destiny. That it would be wrong (all of the metaphysicals) to not fulfill that destiny. That they were a perfect beautiful people and he could see that it was so by being an imperfect non-full blooded aryan looking in on what their true potential could be. Amazingly manipulative stuff. I almost made a snarky comment on the sf comment section about how they aren't the most unpopular kid, there is always java.net! Lua's draw is not in its libraries (beyond a core set of very awesome GEMS). The stuff that is important is actively developed and will be ported forward if there is indeed an issue. Rarely can you go trolling for a library with a long line down rigger and find a good fish. Many libraries are out of date, the rocks system needs improvement. The addition of the bitops into core is very much welcomed. These changes look really good. I would love to see someone make a CoffeeScript to Lua compiler. My main area of concern is when the wonderful Mike Pall will port LuaJit to 5.2 when it is released. Maybe in Lua 6 they can default to local vars and add list comprehensions. Lua ranks up there with SQLite in awesomeness. I am strictly a server side programmer and have a problem doing front end work. I want to learn it, but it feels like a sheer cliff to me. The low level CoffeeScript documentation is excellent. What I am looking for and not being a JavaScript programmer this is admittedly difficult for me, is some hand holding on the mechanics. * packaging, how do I import modules or packages? Do these even exist? * debugging, how do I do this? * unit testing? I installed CoffeeScript via node, then npm (node package manager) and am using it via the command line. Something like the ipython ( http://ipython.scipy.org/moin/ ) shell along with pdb ( http://muffinresearch.co.uk/archives/2008/04/27/python-debug... ) would help immensely in my adoption of CoffeeScript. In a perfect world the repl/debugger would be built into the webapp and open a websocket to another webapp so I could introspect/debug the page from another page while it was running (turtles all the way down). This is similar to the workflow for developing server side software (Jython, Python, Java). This is not new. Reform would be to have actually created the thing you are patenting and not a loose description of how one might/could build the thing. It shouldn't be patentable unless you have done it. It would but none of the players have the mindshare, capital or cred to do this. We are at a near perfect astable state in terms of competition. I am really stoked about all of this. This is makes sense, esp with regards to the scalar core that is being included in the CU. Most likely that scalar core is ARM derived. I made noises that AMD needed to remove 32 bit and SSE and just focus on OpenCL. What is being speculated actually reaches much farther than that and is a better design. Thanks for the clue stick. Also more corroborating evidence, Anton Chernoff one of the main creators of FX!32 ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/FX!32 ) works for AMD Boston. FX!32 was/is one of the most badass dynamic recompilation engines I have ever witnessed. It could load X86 executables and effectively JIT them to Alpha. This is the kinda of technology needed to support a virtual ISA. Anton Chernoff http://www.linkedin.com/pub/anton-chernoff/1/59/6b2 http://www.usenix.org/publications/library/proceedings/useni... Half-Life Catacombs. Portal to Purgatory. If Valve bought PopCap then it would be like a Reese's Pieces. Two already great tastes coming together. PopCap is the perfect cultural infusion that could get Steam opened up to a larger (non asian 17 year old male) market. AMD is definitely not on board with Microsoft taking over the scene. AMD is 100% behind standards, standards like OpenCL. Look at the way MS implemented their AMP C++ GPU story, http://herbsutter.com/2011/06/16/c-amp-keynote/ that looks to me like it targets and has all the limitations of DirectCompute (MS specific GPGPU). If MS really wants to make this a standard then most likely AMD will implement that standard using Open64 ( http://www.open64.net/ ) and emit OpenCL kernels which will be handed off to their device specific OpenCL compilers. I don't think MS has the power you give it credit for. We are nearly in a post MS reality. It is like 1988 all over again. DR Dos, DESQview, GEOS they are all back in way with iOS, Android (which oddly enough is more Newton influenced than iOS). The Win95 logo on a K5 doesn't bother me, Nokia doing really stupid stuff is indicative that they didn't have any solid competition for a great long while and went batshit insane. I had reports from Finnish friends that claimed that Nokia acted like they owned the whole damn country and make or break any law it pleased. When that kind of hubris implodes you best not be standing too close. They could have made a tidy sum selling well built yet simple Android powered phones to the worlds bottom 2 Billion People while attacking the verticals underserved by Nextel and Blackberry's gaffs. HTC owns the mainstream sexy-as-hell phone market. I would not try or want to compete with HTC. AMD is above all this buffoonery, they are about to license their IP and throw it to the wind. And ARM might just end up managing the portfolio. Sistine Chapplaquiddick - Some sort of first person drunk angel flight sim Bad name. Disco has a tag based DDFS which is very awesome, http://discoproject.org/ . You are asking too much for a drop in DFS solution. You will need to roll something. I would use Riak and Python FUSE. Should only take you a weekend. I posted some notes here to get you started. http://pastebin.com/raw.php?i=Dn2JTbfd I already had that in my notes. They are in no particular order, they just caught my eye at the time for whatever reason. Thank you both for these links, I am off to a very good start. I am utterly offended, DOS is awesome. Esp for embedded devices where the OS and the application are the same thing. Less complexity leads to more stability. Flame wars are the most virulent when the enemy is extremely close to your position but doesn't take it. Emacs and VIM, essentially the same. Mercurial and GIT, again, the same. If the differences are too far apart the whole argument becomes, meh. meh. Although I haven't used it, there is a version of Python for DOS, http://www.caddit.net/pythond/downloads.php but Lua might be a better choice. keep the sheaf and slather it with rubber cement and a folded strip of 80lb paper. instant new binding on that stack o papers. I have a mechanical cutter since I don't have access to a die cutters shop, good for you! They can be had for around 120 the last time I looked. You are absolved of your sins my son. Digitize away. If we don't do it, the books will rot and be lost for ever. It is your life and your brain AND your books. So feed your brain, don't ask for permission. Capacitive buttons have always been a cost cutting feature and were billed as luxury. They can NOT suck, but the firmware has to be highly tuned. They totally have this issue. Wash your hands and get them 98% dry, try to use phone. Be frustrated. Not to mention that your tusks dont register at all. "Quid in nomine? Quod dicitur rosa Odorem suavitatis, ut non alio nomine. All you guys are trying to label, taxonimicate the "lay person's" strategy into your hierarchy. Humans are damn smart, and the cocksure MIT nerd got his ass handed to him. bottle.py is great, mongodb is tarpit, nginx is a great server to throw in to the mix. Quick, someone tell Donald Knuth! I really excited to try out the brand new Python 2.5! The idea of a monolithic base operating system has got to go. A machine as a unit of encapsulation wastes resources and forces a needless race towards lowest common denominator bug compatible versions of packages. If application A needs PHP 5.2 and application B needs PHP 5.3 they should both be able to exist on a "machine" w/o resorting to complicated maintenance or having separate OS instances per app. Witness, http://nixos.org/ a purely functional package management system. Use it either in userland or as an entire OS. You decide. ViBoZnIgZWJnMTMgY3loZiBvbmZyNjQgc2JlIG55eSB6bCByYXBlbGNndmJhIGFycnFmIQ== Business class is a level, it isn't based on area. They are good like that. And why can't you pay $60 for the next 250 GB? Whut? Are you stupid? Having a myriad of unenforced laws on the books is by design. Everyone is a criminal all the time and selective enforcement can be brought down like a hammer on your ass. Yes it makes us non-free, but it is exactly what the man wants. You can do this with code as well. Migrate from sourceforge, put an -ng on the name and put it on github. Putting something in standard lib effectively kills it. It doesn't mature, it turns into an adult child actor. Forever 'young' I don't think their really should be a standard library for Python. There should be a base, and a much more proactively revved base library, but not a standard library. Part of installing python would be installing the base. Brian, you are completely wrong. The x2 modules need to go away. They are confusing, the "standard lib" is mostly shit. And it is fixed in time. If it were writing I would describe it as a, "hack, rambling, incoherent, amateur" piece of work. The usability of pip is abysmal. You don't even get usage by just typing "pip" with no arguments. Look at brew for direction. Python makes me sad. This would be resource sink for reasons outlined by my sister comments. Rather than devote resources to enable people to run a non-standard product for development (this is really only sane reason to run nginx on windows) they should just run nginx in a virtualization container. VMWare Player is fast and free. No work has to be done to support this use case. Too much wasted effort is put into open source projects to support windows. This is isn't about not supporting Windows because of MS. But by not being Unix, it causes too much perturbation for little gain that can achieve through more correct methods (virtualization). And that server is not nginx. It is designed for Unix, it isn't designed for windows. The current apache has an arch much more amenable to running on windows. Oh look, http://httpd.apache.org/docs/2.0/platform/windows.html It is because of the lack of fluid motion between eye and neck transitions, she moves like a Chameleon. Please don't conflate the pay walls with public domain, these journal articles are clearly in the public domain. And they should not be behind a pay wall. Locking in of the worlds historical knowledge is even worse, I think, than locking in current research. The economic return to the holders of the keys to the garden have no moral or legal right to assert control over the this knowledge, when their articles of incorporation most likely expose the oposite of their actions. These organizations are greedy wholesale hypocrites. Maybe your rape can reach all the way back in time from 1923. You are seriously advocating rape of another human being? Please leave. Please seed. If you are on a mac you can use transmissionbt. http://www.transmissionbt.com/ Configure the bandwidth management to acceptable always on background levels and minimize to the dock or put on a different desktop with spaces. Don't downvote this question, it is valid. And they broke all the links on their site, thanks dudes. I would wager that is phased array in reverse (phased array broadcasting). Constructs a 4d data space unique to all users, probably can't in this version handle moving receivers. Think of it like this, if a phased array receiver can reconstruct the signal at any point, why can't a phased array broadcaster emit signals that recreate any signal at any point in space. Wrong? His argument is a total straw man, he wants us to tear it down. He also begs the question that eval is for a repl. So the ClojureScript folks decided to give up flexibility for speed? A Lisp w/o eval is not a Lisp. Strikes me as a motherly premature (de)optimization. I am pretty sure he understands compilation. In the same vein, I have been thinking about a mysql wrapper around various nosql products. Same issue, installed base and connectivity. Composition, interfaces, abstraction. waste of hardware as you mentioned. your idea would have been popular 7-10 years ago. Just pay them bitcoins to simulate your dwarves and your fortresses. It is on par with a WII. It is only a game to psychopaths. I suppose you are right, if the game were facebook and you could buy a $50 dongle that has facebook and netflix people would probably only run that game. The irrational exuberance has come to an end as airbnb and hopefully many of these startups that while facilitating many great things also mask an exposure to danger. I remember when anyone on Craigslist was in the top %5 of nice humans. Of course that is gone now, but airbnb seemed like it was living in the early craigslist bubble. I am saying those bubbles shouldn't exist. They are naive. And most American humans don't have the street smarts to build their own trust metrics. This country is harsh and there is NO safety net for the able bodied at the end of a rope. Deliver pizza (and get shot), stock shelves, what ever it takes. You are not your job. It is illegal to be homeless in the USA. put your python resume on dice, monster, list location as the bay area. get flown out for interviews, get moving expenses paid. I don't really understand the downvotes. Please explain. I don't know why this makes me so happy. I had a working mapreduce job that was 300 lines of fairly high level java code. Compact, terse, expressive, everything you don't see in most Java. I came back over a the weekend and my boss/coworker made it 'configurable' which means he added 800 lines of code. I fucking cried. He was like, "I hoisted out some stuff that should have been behind interfaces." ... I didn't need an interface because I only had ONE and specifically made the API have a low surface area so this could occur IF IT NEEDED TO. I sucked it up and took it in stride. Jumping in and solving a problem is usually the last thing you want to do, but that character trait(flaw) is what people think of as a good leader. Someone who will take you over a cliff with conviction. I can't find the link, but I also remember a Puppet Master project where 5 guys could control the online personas of 50 guys and slowly shift the center of the conversation in any direction they wanted. I am sure that the FedBizOpps would get integrated with Puppet Master. I am so glad that these psyops tools will only be used against bad guys. By compact I mean the domain logic was all in one place and not diluted like a fine mist across the code. You could read it like english and it made sense. Consistency in abstraction levels and not too much genericism. While I have obviously self selected my population ... I don't know a single guy that doesn't find female intelligence enticing. Women that use their brains to do what they want are attractive and albeit in short supply. Women in the US aren't allowed to smart or funny. They can be hot, but not smart or funny. This isn't true in other places. Eastern Europe for one afaict doesn't discriminate against female intelligence. Wow, jesus, dammit. TVM has 9 registers, modeled after x86 registers 20k on a 30M purchase by a large company wanting to enter our space. I didn't know shit about options. Pretty good for 9 months, nearly even with the salary I should have had in a non-startup job. So in the end, deferred savings plan. You can buy some @ $25 wrap it in a nice case, add in a keyboard + power supply and resell them for $95. I think they should increase the single unit cost to $45 or higher (49 or 63). Have it a vote on the main page so people feel like they have some input, the higher cost can support discounts for bulk buys and other non-profits (think give one get one). Explain the rational for the price increase on the poll. The geeks that are making single purchases can definitely pay the higher price. Have a discount kick in @ qty 10 or 20 (down to $35). The at cost (which is never really @ cost, ever) discount shouldn't kick in till either non-profit status or qty 100. ---- You are going to have a problem meeting demand. And some for profit shop is going to use these as digital signage and suck up all the supply. Beware of unintended consequences, everyone that buys them isn't going to be doing good in the world. Capitalism is faceless and cares about us much gravity or water. ---- Another option is to have a classroom in a box package where you sell 30, power supplies, keyboards and an app that runs on all operating systems so you can DD pre-canned images onto end user supplied SD cards (point them at preferred cards on newegg). Then under my plan if you bought 10 you would get the discount. When you get the cheap nearly at cost price so do the people who won't be doing good in the world. How do you differentiate them? What if I put in an order 1000 and hoovered them all up for in store digital signage? I am preventing 1000 kids from getting access to education and Raspberry gets nothing in return. How do you solve this problem? Exactly my take as well. The organism needs to survive and 100% altruistic organisms don't. If they sell at a profit then they can grow and more low cost education can spread. So it is capable of immersive 3d and high resolution video of fluid flow. Not strange at all. Apparently this bloke hasn't been around artists or colonies. I haven't even been able to overturn seduction. I would probably implement business logic in Lua and do routing/messaging/connection handling with Erlang. Stackless might work, it would be great for a prototype. Too bad there isn't a Python on Lua or a Python to Lua translator. The Lua runtime is soo much better and less resource intensive. I think if I wanted to round out the mix I would add in BP Halliburton Xe Services (Blackwater Worldwide) The creation of roundup resistent crops is possibly the worst mistakes that the human race has ever made. It took what 3-5 years to make roundup impervious parasites? Terminator seeds that can't actually create a viable organism? You have to go back to the source (Monsanto) every year. Mono-cultures and engineered genetic pollution. Monsanto shouldn't exist. I love the idea that ethics should be a hobby one does after their day job. We get angry about things like that because if a small group of really smart people strike out on their own to change the world and do good and yet put out a press release saying how "excited" they are to be working with such an amoral company, it just vacates our idealistic world view. We can't stop Apple selling MacBooks to Monstanto. Apple makes tools and doesn't ask how they get used (nor should it have to). But a small cloud startup, different picture. One is active and one is passive. You can buy and use Roundup w/o using their GMO seeds. Using Roundup isn't a sign of malfeasance. I can go by Roundup at Walmart, http://www.walmart.com/ip/Roundup-Weed-Grass-Killer-Concentr... doesn't mean I committed contract fraud with Monsanto. 1) Their seeds spread contaminating other farmer's fields. Once GMO is out in the wild, nothing can be pristine anymore. I wouldn't be surprised to find Monsanto genetics having made its way into humans in 20 years. 2) By "bombing their fields" with herbicide (biocide, you can't make something that only poisons one class of organism like this) AND genetically modifying the crops to be resistent to the biocide you are creating a perfect storm to quickly develop resistent parasites. Now everyone has to use your system , because there is no other way to have a crop survive due to super-bugs. This is a direct parallel of the SUV insanity. Vast numbers of people drive SUVs because they don't want to be in a car hit by an SUV. > wouldn't be surprised. There is much we don't know. There are many processes of ongoing genetic transfer. http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Horizontal_gene_transfer Next time ask for clarification. Ok, but based on the die size and the transistor count we could have had 12 Thuban cores in the same amount of space. It really feels like if we are going to go with more cores, why not make them simpler? Why not dust off the old Athlon K7 at 37 million transistors. Roughly 54 of those fit into the 2 billion transistors making up the 8 core bulldozer. Bulldozer has an Itanic feel to it, no that is too harsh, it has a P4 feel to it. I really feel like desktops are done, GPUs have this biggest effect on desktop perf right now. It would seem to focus on the fusion A series parts and the server. As a server side dev, I would rather have more cores (more cache actually). I don't need memory coherency (that should be mitigated by the hypervisor). bacteria to jellyfish (not proven) http://www.nature.com/news/2008/080928/full/news.2008.1134.h... Now I have some prions to go BBQ. Nor do they have morals or ethics. Only profit. IRobot is also helping America conduct safer wars. Where is the humanism is that? An employee emoting isn't the company or its actions. I am going to sound callous here, the human race can make more people. The level of shit-getting-fucked up by Monsanto could make it really hard to make new people. In long term shittery, Monsanto beats Cisco. The solution to pollution is dilution. If everyone is doing it, we should each take 1/1e6 of the blame. I was railing against the idea that business is one thing, and that as long as behavior is not illegal that it is ok. I feel like we are infected with a more virulent form of 1905. Ethics exist everywhere for all time, they don't belong in a free speech zone. The idea that, business is business. Of course it is, that is a tautology. We both did the snarky comment dance. I am going to outline an analogous skit, imagine you are at a cocktail party with a bunch of friends and this dude is there and he is funny and charming, but his barbs dig too deep he drinks too much wine and he tries to sow the seeds of discontent between you and your girl friend. You exclaim to your friends that his guy is total narcissistic ass and you want him out. Ahhh they tell you, tptacek, that guy isn't a person, he is a business. He doesn't have to follow the same social norms we do. Then they would be lynched. You are being over pedantic. This isn't a debate, which btw. Debates aren't about arriving at the truth, they are about winning arguments by whatever means necessary. Much like business. Do you read this? http://reason.com/ I don't think power is it. Your saying the K7 generates more heat per computation (more inefficient use of transistors) than the newer cores? I was about to conflate power usage with computational work, not necessarily the same thing... The power will drop using the new process because the voltage is much much lower (1v vs 2v) I remember the K7 doing just over 1 GOP (giga operation per second), so that would put the whole cluster in 50 GOP range (if clocked at only 1Ghz like the Thunderbird). I wasn't being directly literal, I will allow these mythical engineers that work for me using all the 2 billion transistors to refine things from previous designs. germans already solved this to recover shredded stasi documents. take german solution, profit. http://www.iiconservation.org/news/?p=55 http://www.schneier.com/blog/archives/2008/01/unshredding_1....