I don't think it should be about blame at all. It's about identifying causes, so you can fix stuff and prevent it from happening again. You can't blame any individual black or white person for what happened, unless he was personally involved in it. But you can identify what happened in specific communities and sub-communities in order to understand the processes at work. If you don't want to do that because some communities happen to be dominated by certain skin colors, you'll never understand exactly what happened. And let's face it, in the US, skin color matters. It might not be right, but for cultural and social reasons, many people do tend to hang out with people of the same skin color, however silly that may be. I love these kind of projects. We desperately need independence from the Visa/Mastercard monopoly over international transactions. I very much like the 0-click results from DuckDuckGo. But if you want something else, Qwant ( http://www.qwant.com/ ) has something similar. (Possibly even better; I haven't compared it yet.) I don't think it's reading the books that people object to; it's giving money to someone who may use it to campaign against basic human rights. Linux was never intended to be truly innovative. It was intended to be a free/open unix. There was a strong demand for an open source unix that could be expanded upon, and there was none, until Linus released linux. There was minix, which was a lot more innovative (microkernel), but Tanenbaum wanted to keep it strictly for educational purposes, simple and easy, and didn't want to turn it into a big system with all the bells and whistles that linux got. Had FreeBSD been released earlier, that might have had the position that linux has now. Sounds prone to crashes. This is not a modern lens. People back then also called it bad. I remember when Windows 95 was released, people mockingly called it MacOS 89, RiscOS 88, or AmigaOS 85. The line between really great and really creepy is very thin here. Yes, I too would vastly prefer working in a diverse work environment that includes women, over working in a place that doesn't hire women on principle, or does hire them, but they quickly flee. But I would not want to work in a place that treats women as a commodity, or tries to attract male programmers with them. It's a matter of attitude, and that attitude does show in the way you present this as a perk. They can't outright refuse to handle DMCA requests, but they can stop automated handling of such requests. If I understand correctly, big content holders get special tools they can use to remove infringing content from some Google services (YouTube at least; not sure about search results). If they abuse that special access, Google can take away these privileges and double check everything manually. That takes a lot of time, and means that the infringing content will remain accessible for a longer time. Ah, but didn't the US also pioneer secret trade agreements? I can see FB and Google splitting into a US-based main company and an EU-based subsidiary. EU users will be handled by the EU company and US users by the US company. Exactly. Friendly communities attract more people. Linus gets away with it because there's tons of people who want to work on his projects, and he can afford to alienate some talent. Others don't have that luxury. I've heard of plenty of people who prefer one language over another because of the nicer community. Eventually that should mean that projects with friendly communities are more successful. I thought it was about coke, which is normally white, as far as I know. (No personal experience.) I always thought the fear of Lyme was exaggerated (though I'd learned to remove ticks carefully). But this spring, a niece got a really bad case of Lyme. Spent a long time in the hospital, and is still recovering. I don't know all the medical details, but I suspect she'll have to learn to live with aching joints for the rest of her life, which is hopefully a long time; she's 8. The people need a third party to switch to. The current two-party system leads to a serious lack of democracy. Back in 2004, I had 200 sites open in Opera. Worked fine on my Pentium II except for closing Opera, which took 15 minutes. Nowadays I use Chrome, Firefox and Safari on two different machines, and they all have multiple open windows each with dozens of open tabs. I'm pretty good at bringing any machine to its knees. My biggest problem was when Safari gave up and decided not to remember what was actually in those tabs. That sucked. Or at least, it felt sucky at the time. I have no idea what was in them either, so I don't really miss them. I suspect it means there's something on the Internet that I haven't read. To me, Americans with III after their name always look like they're pretending to be royalty. Where I live, only monarchs have that (and only after their first name). But some say it better than others. Fortunately this is more than compensated by the extreme rise in wages for CEOs and other high management positions. ACLU does quite a bit more than just support gay marriage, though. If they do a lot of things you think are great, and a few you're meh about, it's still good to donate. The people who donate primarily for the gay marriage fight don't get to earmark their money either. If there was ever any remote chance of me visiting the US, this definitely kills the last remains of it. Please, please fix your country. (Because I really do want to visit. Just not while it's this broken.) Exposing crimes by the government is good, no matter how illegal it is. I agree entirely with the article that Bezos' claim that he'll resist threats of being put through the wringer sound a bit hollow considering he caved to a simple request. Yes, it was perfectly legal for him to pull Wikileaks. However, that fact that he pulled Wikileaks when he didn't have to (there was no court order or anything like it), showed that he isn't the big defender of free press that he claims to be. Wikileaks was publishing on US war crimes and various secret shady dealings by various governments. Illegal or not, it's stuff that needs to be published. Bezos removing it before he was court ordered to, definitely counts against his credibility as a defender of the free press. > may have bought the Washington Post simply because he hated backing down in 2010. Interesting perspective. I hope it's true, but if it is, I'd appreciate if he said so. The US government seems to think the entire world is basically the American Empire. Everybody can handle their local issues as they see fit, but they can't make any demands of the US, no matter how reasonable, and they have to obey any demands from the US, no matter how unreasonable. Only the US, its interests, and (to some extend) its voters count. The US is Rome while we're Gaul. We're fine as long as we accept their supremacy. But the US is becoming increasingly oppressive. The Snowden case is just one of many examples of that. There are a lot of people in the US who'd like the US to be equally oppressive. Really, not the best of examples here. On the whole, it seems that the US is somewhat less oppressive than Russia, but a lot more than most European countries. Particularly disgusting is that many European countries haven't condemned US behaviour regarding Snowden, and even seem willing to act as US vassals. I guess I should also keep an eye on UX gigs then. I'm a programmer and tended to ignore UX positions because I figured it might be a whole separate discipline. But I can do javascript just fine. (I'm not much good at graphical design, though.) And I'm sure they'll figure out ways to make it more addictive. I've felt like this at every company I worked for, and not just at startups. At the start, I'm learning tons of new stuff, solving new problems, growing a lot of lots of different ways, and that gives me energy to put in way too much work. Eventually that slows down; I've seen those problems before, it's just another feature on some thing I've already worked on, and it starts to feel repetitive. I just need something new every once in a while. I thrive on change, apparently. (My brother doesn't; he's been working at the same company forever.) The problem is: I never get around to my own projects; when I started at a new job, all my energy goes into that. When it turns into an old job, that extra energy is gone. I never have the surplus energy for my own stuff. > I always feel like "just another dev", bored and ultimately like my potential is being cut short. I always had that too. Especially about the potential; I knew I could do so much more than I was showing at all the companies I worked for, but I had no idea how to show it. I quit and became a freelancer. Messed about with my own projects for a bit, did some small freelance work, and now I'm at a big freelance job at a company that's larger than any I'd worked for before. And from day one, I'm contributing beyond what I normally contribute. I'm taking on leadership roles that I normally wouldn't. I make more strategic decisions than every before. I don't know if it's that this company has just the right culture for me, or maybe it's that ultimately I'm a freelancer and my own boss, and therefore I feel far more responsible for my work. I want to sell myself and keep selling myself through my work. Or maybe it's because starting my own company forced me to step way outside my own comfort zone; I have to negotiate contracts, hire an accountant, decide how to invest in myself; I need to think business, and that doesn't come naturally to me, but I do it. And maybe that's what gives me the confidence to take more charge, take more initiative, and keep moving forward in my every day work. And I've got plans inside this large company (my client) beyond my current project. I see ways in which I can mean more to them, help them with more fundamental organizational problems; I see ways in which I can make myself more valuable (and thus more expensive) to them. Whatever it is, I love it so far. And when I stop loving it, I'm free to do something entirely different. I'm my own boss. > you chose to jump into nothing rather than parlay your way to something else. Seems a little impulsive. Impulsive is a red flag Sounds impulsive, but doesn't have to be. It's possible to make that jump after long and thorough consideration. It took me years and a couple of jobs before I finally dared to quit and start my own thing. Not everything I did with my own thing worked out well; spent a lot of time finding my own way, wasted a lot of time, made almost no money in my first year. I did some freelance work, now working on a bigger freelance gig, but I'm really hitting my stride now, and can't wait to go back to my own projects. I'm not a natural entrepreneur. It took me ages to make this step. Nobody in my extended family has their own company; they all work for a salary. Nobody likes this kind of risk, but I love it. I love the freedom and the uncertainty. I love the risk. It was a tough decision, and it still seems impulsive compared to a steady salary, but it was the second best decision of my life. (The best was marrying my wife, but that one was surprisingly easy.) > Why would you quit without another job lined up? You must have a ton of money already saved to cover the rent and feed the children. If you've got children, you hopefully also have a spouse with his/her own income. I'm fortunate that my wife makes enough to pay the entire mortgage on just her income, so my money goes mostly to child care and various extras and luxuries. With a bit of savings we can make it for quite a while. If you're maintaining a family on a single income, then yeah, that kind of step is rather irresponsible. But if you live on your own, you'll have your hands free for anything. I've never had anyone ask about the gaps in my CV. Never. I've been unemployed after the dotcom crash. Nobody cares. Last year I messed about on some of my own stuff. Everybody thinks it's fine. They just want to hire me. Admittedly it's possible that my CV looks a lot more attractive than the average CV, but personally I wouldn't know why. It's possible the job market in Netherland is better than in the US, though. > You insult people who have experienced a police state by calling what we are experiencing a police state. I think you insult their experience much more by allowing your country to become a police state while denying what's happening. It's true, it could be far, far worse. But that doesn't change the fact that the US is rapidly moving into that direction. The fact that the executive branch and the legislature both support the police state, doesn't make it any less of a police state. Yes, you can call it something else, but a police state by any other name stinks just as much. On the subject of whether it's a police state, illegality is irrelevant. If the law makes it a police state, it's still a police state. He hasn't sacrificed his life in the sense that he's dead, but he has sacrificed it in the sense that he left behind the quite comfortable life he had back home. And if he gets extradited, who knows what kind of punishment he'd receive. He was willing to risk his liberty and possibly his life for his country. That makes him a hero by any reasonable definition. It's definitely becoming clear that the US stopped being a suitable country for companies interested in providing such services. Why does it have to be Paypal? They've already proven themselves unreliable in cases such as this. I don't know about coffee, but I've figured out when tea becomes a problem. There have been times when I drank 4-6 liters of tea per day. If I'd quit cold turkey, the next day I'd get a growing, eventually stabbing headache, nausea, and eventually vomiting. But it's very easy to kick: one or two days of drinking 1 or 2 liters and I'm fine. Even less might probably work; I've had times when I was worried that I didn't reduce my tea consumption in time, and I just drank some cola and was usually fine. (I don't like cola. I just drink it to ease down my addiction.) I never actually noticed any significant fogginess as far as I remember. With cafeine, going cold turkey is more likely to be accidental. You don't realize how addicted you are, go somewhere where you don't have access to cafeine (a weekend of sailing, for example), and on the second day the withdrawal hits you. Next time: bring a few cans of cola to drink during the first day, and you're okay. No idea. Though I do get a dry mouth quite easily. 2 liters of fluid is about the minimum per day (you need more if it's very hot). It doesn't have to be tea, of course, but I have a tendency to drink nothing but tea. Tea is often assumed to be utterly harmless and just as good as water, but I have my doubts that's still true at the volumes I used to drink it. Nowadays I drink just 2 or 3 liters. I basically drink per pot, and one pot is about 1 liter (depending on size). Always one for breakfast, one or two at work, and maybe one in the evening. Okay, so I guess it's 4 liters. Still better than the 6 it was. I believe tea leaves have more cafeine than coffe beans, but coffee tends to be made far stronger than tea. From what I understand, steeping your tea very short won't help much in reducing the cafeine in it; cafeine enters the hot water in the first half minute. You'd barely have any flavour if you steep that short. Make employees co-owners. Then they have more incentive to care, and their voice counts in the direction of the company. It's not just someone else's problem anymore. He's probably using social security and medicare more than defense. The chance that he gets sick or unemployed is probably a lot larger than the chance that the US gets attacked or significantly threatened. Knowing that you're covered in case anything goes wrong is enough to make the taxes worth it. > First of all the comment he was replying to was talking about services like housing, transportation, and healthcare, which already are provided by the market and aren't really things the government has any advantage in. As for all the stuff it does pay for, at best it costs exactly the same amount as you have to pay in taxes. But the government spends money on a lot of other things with your taxes that don't really benefit you. So you would save a decent amount of money. And with no competition, the services they do provide cost a lot more then they probably could. Healthcare is one area where a collective (i.e. by the government) approach has a definite advantage. Privatized health care and health insurance is a lot more expensive. The US has the highest medical costs in the western world, yet many people are lacking very basic medical care. The second most expensive country (at roughly half the cost per capita) is Netherland, where health care is semi-private, semi-government, and health insurance is private but regulated and compulsory in order to provide a uniform standard for everybody. And surrounding countries (where it's cheaper) have better health care at least in some areas. I don't have numbers, but I expect that the cheapest and highest quality medical care in the western world will be in some country where health care is strongly dominated by the government. > Everyone pays their taxes to avoid having their property stolen or going to jail. The fact that force isn't applied unreasonably doesn't mean it isn't there. Just like everybody doesn't steal from their neighbour or kill people who anger them in order to avoid going to jail. That doesn't mean there's anything wrong with taxes; it means we live in a civilized society with some basic standards of behaviour. > There are people that don't consent. At best you could say the majority consent. You can justify it by saying it's better than any other system we know of, but not that people consent to it. The same goes for any law. I'm sure there are people that disagree that theft or murder should be illegal. Or slavery, for that matter. And those are the extreme cases. For every law, there are some who don't agree with it. Should every law only apply to those who agree with it? Laws would lose their meaning. Can you name a country that has the system you want, and has it work better and cheaper than most of the western world? The US is the example of the most privatized health care, and it's almost twice as expensive as the #2 most expensive country. That #2 country has a semi-privatized system. Exactly. I have some doubts about Soylent, but the only real argument this article provides is: different people have different nutritional needs. Fine. So how well does normal food adjust to those needs? Who the hell tunes their food intake exactly to their needs? Do we even have the science to determine what your personal needs are? The vast, vast majority of people simply eat what tastes good. Or even just what's available. Some people try to stick what they think is healthy, but they often do that on a much narrower scientific basis than Rhinehart uses. Lots of people follow thoroughly unhealthy diets hoping to lose weight for a few months become they gain it again. Soylent, in contrast, is pretty easy to tune to your needs, once you're aware of them. You're not stuck with whatever the nutritional value in your favourite food is, you can actually tweak it (or let a qualified nutritionist do it for you). In the future, I can imagine Soylent dispensers that dispense your perfect mix when you insert your chipcard with your nutritional needs. So despite the author's dislike for amateurs, his only argument sounds to me like it's in favour of the direction Soylent is taking. Of course it's a play on the movie. Where do you get the weird idea that it might be unintentional? I don't know how they could have worded it better. More detail about the author: "Greg Stevens is an ex-academic and corporate mathematician who writes about science, philosophy, history, fitness, politics and the intersections between them." So he's every bit as unqualified as Rhinehart. He can't possibly have been unaware of the fact that the movie is far better known than the book. Even if he meant it as a reference to the book, he must have been aware of the movie. That 10% probably consists of candy for the kids and alcohol for the adults. I don't think anyone is arguing that Soylent could replace breastfeeding (though there are plenty of people who use something similar: formula). But for everybody else, Soylent sounds a lot easier to customize to personal needs. You can avoid allergens without losing the required nutrients, you can tune the amount of sodium and potassium to whatever you can deal with, etc. With normal food, you don't get that kind of fine-grained control. Wait, is your argument that because we don't know, we shouldn't try to figure out? This is my only real worry about Soylent. Most of the argument people make against it make little sense (including this article). The only thing I can imagine being a problem is the fact that our digestive tract is made to extract nutrients from stuff and poop out the remains. If we only get the nutrients without the crap to poop out, much of our digestive tract has little to do. And physiology tends to revolve around "use it or lose it". Astronauts living weightless for a significant time lose muscle and bone mass because they don't need it. If you eat nothing but Soylent for a year, will you still be able to handle normal food? That's really the only significant problem I can think of with the Soylent approach to eating. And it could be a serious one, though I suspect it's easy to mitigate by mixing the occasional real meal into the mix. I honestly have no idea whether 1% is good or bad, but which depends on a lot of factors: What's the chance that this company is going to make it? 1% of nothing is nothing. If they make it, how big are they going to be? 1% of $1 million isn't all that much either. But if they get bigger than that, it very quickly becomes very worthwhile. How much salary do you get? Equity can make up for low salary, but if your salary is okay, any equity is bonus. Titles are meaningless. I'm my own boss now. I could call myself CEO or Extra-Senior Architect or something. I just call myself Programmer. Absolutely. It doesn't matter much what your reason for the gap is, as long as you make it sound like something you were in control of. Something that you chose, based on your own life priorities. Don't sound like a victim. For some reason, this article is blocked from my work due to proxy avoidance. Somehow seems fitting. Gall-Peters clearly has the best PR, since it always gets mentioned as the primary candidate for a replacement map. And while it's definitely more suitable for getting a good "feel" for the world than Mercator, the enormous shape distortions still don't make it a very good map. There are better ones out there. Personally I'd prefer a map that emphasizes that the world is actually a sphere, rather than a rectangle. I also have a soft spot for Dymaxion, although I don't use Dvorak. I get the impression that calling it Peters instead of Gall-Peters is a good sign that the speaker is a Peters-evangelist, rather than someone who actually cares about cartography. I do, though not as much as I used to. Everything can be negotiable. But it's important to know exactly what your pull is in the negotiations. I recently negotiated a recruiter out of their standard contract for freelancers, and had them accept my proposal for a contract. This only happened for two reasons: there was some bad stuff in that contract that I really didn't want to agree to, and if they didn't sign a contract with me, I could go directly to their client. They had no power over me, and we both knew it. Good unions are great. For employees, for the economy, and even for the employers. I don't understand how American unions got so crazy and self-destructive (or if they're not, why so many Americans are convinced the are). You need to fix both of course. The broken political situation needs to be fixed, but communication protocols need to be improved too. And of course, as long as the current political situation in the US lasts, cloud services in the US cannot be trusted. Run your own server, or use a server abroad. I lot of people were hoping Obama was the start of a new direction. I'm now hoping he'll be the last of the old direction. The big problem to solve is: how do you elect someone different? As long as the two parties get to decide who American can elect, democracy is a hollow gesture. And the media are all in the pocket of the main parties. Honestly, it seems like only Al-Jazeera US might be the only independent news station. Thugs. That's the first thing in my mind. The UK government employs thugs to intimidate people and destroy property. This kind of subject makes it really hard not to Godwin the thread right away., because you know what other government used thugs to intimidate and destroy. That doesn't change the fact that the Guardian is standing up for press freedom, and they're doing it very well. I'm sure there are other newspapers that would have done the same, but that in no way lessens what the Guardian is doing. > This is not surprising since "pj" guards his privacy and anonymity. "Her". Pamela is a woman. I think the real problem is in your head: your anxiety about job interviews is sabotaging something you're otherwise perfectly good at. You need to be more zen about this. More laid back, relaxed, confident, or something like that. You've probably been raised with the idea that job interviews are Very Important. Let go of that idea. It's just a chat with another programmer who's equally ill at ease with the situation. Imagine you're just having a coffee, or maybe discussing something at a seminar or something. He's not the boss; you're equals. When he asks the wrong question, let him know. Suggest changes. Discuss what YOU want to discuss instead of letting him dominate the conversation. Of course it's still possible that he's inflexible about it. That tells you something about your prospective co-worker, and possibly the corporate culture. In a driving test, you still get to actually drive. A driving theory exam is a better comparison. My best technical interview was a take-home programming assignment. I could ask questions by email. After a week, I would present my work to the other programmers and they'd ask questions about why I did something a certain way. Best interview process ever, and that company had excellent programmers and the lowest employee turnover I've ever seen. The acquisition of YouTube isn't that recent. It's been thoroughly integrated with Google's other stuff for quite some while now. The problem is that they want to make G+ the center of everything, and that's a stupid assumption. I mean, I love G+, and my YouTube account now also sports my G+ avatar, but it's obvious that that kind of integration isn't for everyone. There are older examples of problems with G+ integration: a year ago or so, G+ had that stupid "normal name" policy, and people who used an unusual name had their G+ account blocked. And if your G+ account was tied to a GMail account, that was also blocked. But if you only had a GMail account without G+, Google didn't complain if your name was unusual. The main thing that sort of stuff accomplishes, is that it gives people a good reason not to use G+. They have their own domain name. How are they not distinct? If you used a single site for gmail, youtube and G+, integrating it all into a single service, then you'd have a point. But they're different sites, different services. It's nice if you can use a single account for them all, and if it's easy to move content from one to the other, but that's not the same thing. I think I'm going to trademark "software". Looks good. My old CV originates at Linkedin labs, which had some nice templates a few years ago. Using LaTeX is a particularly nice touch, because now I can tell recruiters that I really don't have a Word version of my CV. Now if only they actually start selling this thing in my country, I might consider buying it. Why do manufacturers insist on making their devices so slippery? My old phone (in dire need of replacement) is all rubberized steel. It doesn't slide off anything, and it's practically indestructible. Why doesn't anyone make a phone like that? They need to be more Lean! The post-lunch dip can also be prevented by having a healthier lunch with less carbs (especially sugar and highly processed carbs). Go for a salad with meat or egg, and whole grain bread if you really need bread. And not more than one piece of bread. This has helped me a lot. They're experimental. They're used for experimentation, not production. I'll tell that to my brother-in-law. He writes thrillers featuring a "corporate trouble shooter" specialized in "fortunate accidents" as protagonist, and he pretends to be his main character on social networks. This would be just perfect for him. Despite popular perception, there's more to Netherland than just Amsterdam. Some towns are quite a bit older. Some date back to Roman settlements. Still, building materials mean that buildings from before the 16th century are incredibly rare. Yeah, outright lies like that are definitely bad. But various recruiters have asked me to add some skills to my CV that I personally considered not interesting enough to mention. Like Scrum. I've worked in Scrum, and I love it. But I didn't really consider it a skill until recruiters pointed out that clients wanted clear Scrum experience. I've listed SOAP. Is it a skill? It's fairly trivial to work with. (Though I'm amazed some people manage to mess it up. Tools do everything for you. How do you mess that up? But somehow they do.) But I've got experience with it, so I list it, though I'm hardly a SOAP guru. I don't list Linux, because I'm no system admin. I do know my way around the command line, but everybody programmer can do that, right? Right? So I've got some skills listed that I consider fluff, but they're not lies. I consider them fluff because they don't really add much, and are certainly not on the same level as a language or framework, but I list them anyway because hiring managers care about them. I've never actually interviewed at a company that interviewed like this. Is this the usual way in the US? This is utter genius! Best product tie-in ever. Nice scrolling effects too. Almost enough to make me buy a KitKat. My browser can display the entire history and allows me to skip right to where I want to go. In Amsterdam, it activates the clicking sound for blind people. Very convenient if you're blind, I presume (I've never been blind for long enough to give it a try). When I was young, on my route to school there was a bicycle crossing that worked like this. Cars always have green unless there's a car approaching from the side street. Bikes always have red unless they press the button. So when I approach at reasonable speed and see that the cars have green, I have to stop, press the button, and then build up all that speed again. Nobody does that. Until there was a police car hidden just after that crossing. I suspect it was a very good day for fines. This isn't the Tesla of bicycles, it's the Tesla of mopeds. Bikes don't need a Tesla equivalent, and this isn't powerful enough to be a motorbike. It's a moped. Weight has nothing to do with it. Cargo bikes are heavier than that. But it's motorized and can go up to 65 kph, and that matters a lot. 49kg is not too heavy to be considered "a sort of bicycle". Modern cargo bikes can be up to 60 kg, and I suspect classic cargo bikes are a lot heavier than that, yet they're all "a sort of bicycle", just not a very fast one. What disqualifies this as "a sort of bicycle" is the fact that it's powered. Well, there are power-assisted bicycles, but they don't generally go up to 65 kph. Mostly, this is a kind of moped that wants to look like a bicycle. This is really where unit tests will save your hide. I never did any truly dramatic rewrite, but there was one project (fairly new, even) that had one very badly written, very badly understood module. I started out writing unit tests for it. There weren't any, so I wrote them until I had unit tests that tested everything. Those unit tests also document the behaviour of the module. So then I started asking people what it was really supposed to do. Then I refactored it into something more maintainable. Only after that did I change the unit tests to reflect the behaviour the module was supposed to have, and based on that I finally wrote the code we needed. The unit tests were my anchor in the storm. They keep me grounded. They mean I can do anything to the code, while keeping tabs on the impact my changes have. The main thing you can do is to not use PayPal. Unfortunately there's not really a good international online payment system. Netherland has the excellent iDeal system, and I wish the rest of the world would start using that or something indistinguishable from it. PayPal and credit cards are just too unreliable. That should definitely be illegal. Most of the phone market is very transparent. It's just the roaming charges that make them feel like a bait and switch. Higher monthly fees are better than roaming charges, because there's clear and transparent competition there. In my experience, shit code tends to start with a competent developer solving a problem in a way that seemed reasonable at the time, and then requirements changing, new features getting added, and everything is in a hurry so it never gets refactored. Well, sometimes I do see code that's really very bad and I can't imagine how someone was ever able to type something like that, but that's rare. Usually it's competent people with the best of intentions but as lack of ability to predict the future. I've been programming professionally for over 10 years, and when I see some weird code, I still try to figure out who wrote it and ask him before I change it. Often he admits it's shit and needs to be changed, or he just doesn't know anymore, but sometimes there was actually a very good reason for doing it like that. Those few times make it worth to never judge too early. Blindly assuming you know better is arrogant and will inevitably lead to problems. Discussing the underlying reasons will almost always teach you something. That's why you don't tackle this at the electromagnetic wave level, you tackle it at the operator level. Or maybe at the phone level. Shouldn't the phone be able to recognize and prefer a local cell over a foreign one? I mean, why does my phone prefer the crappy network that I have my crappy subscription with over the much stronger networks of the competitors? Why would this stop working when I'm near the border?