This is like saying, "The police could get a warrant for your house anyway. I don't see why people get mad when they just walk in." The other agencies could get FinCEN data. They just had to show cause for it. I support a skills based test like LSAT for voting. It would be much less susceptible to manipulation and op-ed than knowledge-based voting. Sure, I think someone should know the Constitution to vote, but what if someone thinks I should know the Earth is 10,000 years old? On the other hand, a test like LSAT that proves you can figure out logical fallacies would mean the stupidest of the stupid don't get to affect my life. I'm not familiar with this kind of event, but are there not usually badges that designate different kinds of participants? The writer could have a "attendee" badge, while advertisers and pushers would have a different color/label on their badge. Some have suggested that DNS move to TCP, but I don't think that's proper. The nature of DNS lends itself to connectionless, lightweight communication. That said, could the next iteration of DNS implement application-level handshaking? The reason not to do this at layer 4 is because I, in the several minutes of pondering it, think it could break lots of security devices that track connection state across lots of computers in a network. Make some kind of C -> S request C S yes C S request C S no done I agree with the parent poster that package management and graphical environments on FreeBSD is NOT very easy compared to Ubuntu, for example. pkgng supposedly brings FreeBSD's package system close to Debian's which would be a great advance. I almost wonder why they didn't port Debian's system over completely. Is it a GPL thing, or did they do apt-get better? Android 4.0 on HTC/Virgin Mobile doesn't have the option. Well, the author was making a point about the way people interact with their omnipresent tweetdeck/camera device. He was painting a picture for the sake of making a point, not for the sake of "hey, I'm in Singapore". I am likely preaching to the choir here, but the following is true. If you don't like this 'externalization' discussed by the author, try this: Keep your phone off of your body more often. Going to get a haircut, or go to the mall for an hour? Leave the phone in the car. It is really freeing; you do not realize the subtle impact of that phone/pager/digital watch constantly on the verge of maybe someone messaging you. Try it out once or twice, especially if it sounds like it'd be tough. I understand how IMAPS, SMTPS, and SSL work. Not clear text... Kind of like the OP that suggests the same of driving. No one here seems to have mentioned the reason this law is still bad, even if it doesn't apply to personal accounts. Passwords authenticate you as you. It's preached constantly to people that they DO NOT GIVE PASSWORDS for others to use on their behalf! Even in IT, where people tend to know the implications, the trend is away from common accounts for work and toward individual admin accounts to increase accountability. If I, for some over riding reason, NEEDED to give a coworker my password for an operational emergency, I would change it as soon as possible. I would never give it to anyone at my company for records keeping or access. And firearms/firearm accessories stores around the world shrugged. Why are they always foreign? y cant they type normally lol Heh, downvoted. It is a legitimate question. It's rare to see well spoken spammers with proper grammar when interacting with them like this. You made it a semantic debate. "Don't use crypto." - you "That's terrible advice, we need crypto for x,y,z" "I don't really mean don't use crypto" "You just said that!" "You're just talking semantics." Well said; thank you. I suppose it's a confirmation bias: the most immediately noticeable spam is that with poor grammar, thus it's most easily identified with spam. I've been exposed to what bank fraud and phishing scams can be like, and the craft is really amazing. Not a big fan of on-the-job training, then? Instead of paying a nominal price for people relearning some primitives for a specialized area of IT/software dev, nowadays most companies want the new kids to go to $80,000 worth of college for the same. That way, the employer gets to skip training, and the student is less likely to leave because he or she has too much damned debt to be mobile. Maybe I'm projecting. cron is used on almost every production linux/BSD box on my team, and I'm sure there are many others who are similar. How many business workstations run Linux? How many enterprise mailservers run Postfix? How many governments have /actually/ switched to LibreOffice? Translated: >If I wanted to know what the major cybersec/surveillence stories were in the country with defacto control of a large portion of the world's internet, a hotbed of technological innovation, and the home country of this website, I'd turn to one of the least reputable news sources in that country. >Since its early days, Couchsurfing has had a gender imbalance, with more male members then females one. But it was not really an issue then, and more a reflection on the fact that men, unfortunately, have more freedom to travel then women. That phrase strikes me as odd. I would think it's because it's safer for men to travel alone than for women, not for some direct limit on their freedoms. why is mysql query bad? as someone who knows sql, I've always loathed over abstracted mechanisms for db calls. its also been a while since I've done web dev. Inherent in getting shadowbanned is not knowing or understanding why it occurred. My previous account had almost a thousand points, and though I made the occasional drunk rant, they were rightfully downvoted. To take away someone's voice, who clearly isn't a spammer, without them knowing, is a shitty thing to do. Ooooo, yea, you lost me when you attacked cryptography instead of sticking to the "spade is a spade" argument against being a dick online. No, I think people should be treated roughly in the same way they'd expect to be treated in meatspace. I know I don't always configure a server correctly the first time, but if my lead called me a fucking dipshit and a waste of time, I'd go find another job real damned quick. There's a certain level of banter and sarcasm allowed between friends and known colleagues, but strangers don't have that luxury, or shouldn't. valugi is dead. People would be more forgiving to individual departments and officers if ever there was fair punishment and contrition for crimes committed by law enforcement. There is always an excuse or a legal loophole, with no admittance of guilt or evidence of self-reflection. My tutorial: * Get Thunderbird and Enigmail. * Use Enigmail to generate your keypair * Upload your public key to the keyserver (via the GUI) * Proceed to use email. BAM! Done a hell of a lot easier than this tutorial. I'd call out something I mentioned in my other comment in this thread: Enigmail + Thunderbird makes it pretty easy to get PGP up and running. Make an elegant doc on configuring that, put up a refreshing landing page, and you're golden. They'll stay experiments if barriers are intentionally put up to prevent package compatibility. Debian/kFreeBSD is an awesome idea, especially since FreeBSD's package system sucks and ZFS is unparalleled. However, I don't think that's the only reason to avoid Systemd. Until the corporate influence over federal politics makes them the master of their creators. In effect, they are the government, shaping law and jurisprudence to their necessity. If I'm supposed to care, I'm failing. It is always a rough transition when government changes its policy to one of more morality and fairness. Protected business interests who have shaped their business model around shitty laws now are at a disadvantage to businesses that can spring up around new rules. That doesn't mean our laws shouldn't change for the better. So have computers. Just to be clear: northwest is for the repeal of the 1st amendment. OK, so candidates can only use one site. Then "Friends of Candidate" will set up a site, or some random blogger with a million followers will set up a website. There is no stopping the message, or the money. The voting system needs to change, among other things. the government should also do less, so there is less power to be had at the top. It has/would have had an impact on what is considered "giving information to the enemy". If they found him guilty of that, then any document release posted to the public for the intent of the public consumption would be considered "aiding the enemy". I watched Casablanca the other night. SPOILERS I thought about how the Gestapo had Lazlow in their midst, at the same TABLE as them, and yet didn't do anything immediately other than deny him further travel. Of course, it's a movie, but it was an interesting thought. Nowadays, if Snowden were known to be hiding in a foreigner's Moroccan cafe, we'ds drone half the building. Also, I noticed the pride and the wonder that America inspired in the workers and patrons of Rick's. It was a symbol of freedom and opportunity. I wonder how many people see it that way now. Do what I do! I have my own domain name, currently hosting with Google Apps. If I get the motivation to move to another host like myself, I can do it without changing contact information. At the moment, I accept the danger and resent myself for it. Moving to a custom domain is one step in the process, though. And really, since all your email hops through relays constantly, the only truly effective anti-spy technology is message encryption, which wouldn't depend on where the messages end up. the vuln was not that the JS was bad or untrustworthy, but that the passphrase was sent to the server. If the entire connection to the server is secure, and the JS is loaded from the secure server and is auditable/checksummed, then the risk is minimal. You either trust the code or you get out. And encryption schemes never become outdated. The error code for censorship is the reference. I guess not everyone would recognize that, but I immediately noticed. Tower of Babel. I'm not sure "Extinguish" is necessary, but perhaps the teaching of a common language throughout the country would be beneficial. I can't imagine the United States having a different language for every House district, with only 5% of the population speaking common English. * Redhat is somewhat open-core: They develop proprietary interfaces and products as well as the core OS. * Nagios. F. James Sensenbrenner - http://www.npr.org/templates/story/story.php?storyId=2139021... I heard the same thing. His position is that there is a common sense definition of "relevant" that they did not define in the law, and that the NSA would be cool and only look at what they needed. EDIT: A quote. >What Congress intended and what I intended is that the target had to be a foreign national and not a U.S. person. He would be targeted, and then they would find out who that person was calling, both in the United States and elsewhere, rather than grabbing all of the phone information and working backwards to the target. The relevant standard was intended to limit what NSA could do. They took the position that it expanded it. And that tips the commonsense definition of relevance on its head. I try not to purchase anything from Amazon if I can find an equivalent elsewhere. In the long term, a monopoly on retail is a bad thing for us, and I'm taking the long view. EDIT: Though I must say, I've always wanted a print+digital feature, and if the paperwhite is as cool as they make it look... Not talking your own laptop at Starbucks. Don't use a rented machine. So much of what the NSA does is enabled by high technology, and their continued disregard of the US Constitution will continue via digital channels. We as technical experts of the younger generation (mostly) have a civic obligation to be informed, and as long as the conversations stay in-depth and not one-liner potshots, it's useful to have it everywhere. At work, I make sure anyone around me isn't watching my hands, much less my screen. I get what the guy is saying in the article, but I don't agree, either. iPad has momentum Surface doesn't. We'll see how the surface 2 comes along. Everyone else is chiming in with their anecdotal proofs, so I will with mine. Yes, if you have a long password or key-only method of logging in, and disable root login, and patch the daemon, then party on. But for the extra bit of protection against 0-days and bullshit amounts of logs from quick port-22 only scans on your network, it helps to move it to another port. This is why I disagree with your mathematically founded reasoning. It doesn't fit with real world scanner behavior. If it's just your home network, it's not confusing because only you use it. If it's a corporate network, then using putty might be a little annoying, but it's not hard to communicate another standard. Ugh. My sister says the same thing: If someone does something for profit, suddenly it's everyone's business. I don't get the logic at all. Your comment was akin to "Fix your attitude, you asshole". Let me rephrase your comment to something you would approve of: --- >this particular MBA actually knows what exception handling is and wants to know why the fuck we're not doing it. It's not fun to be berated at work in front of colleagues, and the purpose it supposedly serves can be accomplished by taking the role of mentor, not drill instructor. Don't you think that's a bit harsh? It's a bad mistake for a coding expert to make, but perhaps coding wasn't their first skill, or they had a bad teacher. Call them out legitimately with their faults, let them know that certain best practices are required, and move on. Or even better: If the organization is large enough, have a coding standards document in place, like the Linux kernel and other large software projects do. And no one tried to justify it. I found Bzr much easier to learn than Git, and I'm not aware of architectural powers that Git has which bzr doesn't. I wonder how the EFF and many readers here would feel about the secret convention that created the Constitution of the United States. There were arguably good reasons for having it done in such a manner. Certain crimes are deemed inexcusable. Murder someone because they're black: Horrible. Steal a wallet because you have an addiction: forgivable. Rape someone after being convicted and released from two prior rapes: Inexcusable. Not every "mentally ill" person is curable, nor can every mentally ill person be trusted at an attempt for re-integration with society. Funny how you're defending the right of serial rapists to seek help and therapy while you "resign yourself" to the fact that people who don't "get it" are shitty humans. TheSOB88, you are dead, my friend. Another casualty of a poor policy. Gosh, the cynic in me thinks that this man "active in the blind community", who sits on a "disability advisory board", might have gotten uppity. The hopeful in me wants to think that with 35 other people supposedly supporting him, it was a true screw-up on the airline. You got hellbanned, saneshark. Ya, I've noticed that, too. My wireless VLAN has blocked outgoing traffic on several uncommon ports. I know. I disagree with the practice, especially when I look through the history of the account and see no flagrantly offensive remarks. HN mods might think this site is a temple, but it's disrespectful to waste someone's time and mislead their expectations of feedback for months at a time. This account is not intended to be a novelty account; you can see I post relevant discussion most of the time. I am, however, someone who was hellbanned for quite some time for an admittedly less-than-stellar post. One facetious remark got a 900+ karma, 3-year old account banned. Doctors can tell when someone has been suffocated or poisoned. It is something that should be monitored and have strict conditions on the age of the patient, maladies suffered, level of consciousness, and time spent attempting to cure. That said, it should be weighed the morality of keeping a thousand people alive to die slowly and painfully so that one person might not get put down before their time. Bitcoin is special because it has more users and recognition than litecoin, and it has more users and recognition because it's special. A currency gets its value from the recognition by others of its use for trade. Bitcoin has more of that than the others. For anyone setting up a non-federated chat system, why not Mumble? Sure, it's primarily used for gaming, but the ability exists to use a text-based client, and everything is encrypted by default. >John is an unfortunate Liberal soul who lives uncomfortably in the middle of a Conservative hellscape. While he is not a fan of politicians, period, he has developed a deep-seated hatred for the bigotry, fear mongering, and lies of the Right Wing. He also rather enjoys steak. Uh-huh. Also posting a Youtube link of it for all the heathens to take a look at. I'm not sure this is the end of AMD, though. Are they not going to make any server processors? Can APU's not be used for high-end gaming? Can the GPU portion of the processor not be looked at the same way FPU's used to be seen? They're not the bad guys anymore because they're not bombing and invading countries. They're good guys because they're peaceful with us and supply us with goods and services. The morals of bombings and war didn't change. Their behavior changed. So yes, we could be the "good guys" if we stopped spying and shooting at every foreign nation. We could be the "good guys" if we stopped spying on every citizen, and stopped creating a domestic military force out of municipal police. every comment you have made in this conversation has been insult and dull sarcasm. no insight has been provided. I am no supporter of hellbanning, but I cannot fathom how, given this site's heavy use of moderation, you are still allowed to comment. I know I have made no friend from you with this, but I hope you reevaluate the content of future posts. There's also BSD Now, which is pretty cool. More BSD coverage is always nice! "You know all those things you like having in a smartphone? You could do without them, you know." I agree with your point that more software = more surface area, but your examples of alternatives aren't very viable for most people, in my opinion. Except bzr is conceptually easier to learn and has a more consistent command syntax than git. The syntax is part of it being easier. Also, though it's been a while since I tried using any official git documentation, bzr's website had handy tutorials, references, and cheatsheets available. Great layout, assumed no VCS experience. One other has clarified, and it's important: Email is pseudonymous, and that's all that is required. Frustrating, but not quite as speech-quelling as addresses and phone numbers. Oh, and you bought that domain with a credit card. I get what you're saying, but it depends on how you learn it. I tried learning both of them through their official tutorials and /their CLI commands/. With git's more confusing command set, I had a harder time learning. I haven't tried personally, but most of the time now one cannot purchase or use a prepaid card without associating it to an address. You know, for turrursm. I assume it's an IDE, since there is no information about the product anywhere on the site. I expect a homepage to have a brief description of its product on the front page of the site. Barring that, I expect a similar brief description and feature set description on an "about" page. This has neither. I am eventually able to find out more, but only after assuming what it is and extrapolating what problems it's trying to solve. Always beware of physical -> digital analogies. When the whole world has the ability to walk by your door, windows, and alarm system and pick at it without being seen, then you probably should be grateful when some of them let you know the back door is open. I'm most shocked by the fact that the news agency reported the white-hat. I thought revealing a source was looked down on in journalism. http://www.charitynavigator.org/index.cfm?bay=search.summary... Transparency in government activity is different from disclosing support to an organization. Consider the ratification of the current US constitution. It was debated and written in secret, ratified with no 'general public' debate on the final draft. George Washington was unanimously elected president of the Convention,[9] and it was agreed that the discussions and votes would be kept secret until the conclusion of the meeting.[3]:11 https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Constitutional_Convention_(Uni... Though it's been a long time since I studied it, my impression was that the actual votes and internal debate of the convention were under wraps until it was complete. This example might not match as well as I thought to OP's king->democracy proposal, though. Am I experiencing deja-vu? I fee like many of these comments (and their responses!) are exact reposts from earlier submissions about this very same topic. "The court is saying the FCC needs to reclassify providers" "The Republicans are holding up nominations" so on so forth. Holy shit, what a ridiculous comment and company. Meta-comment: I read this article with the real title on HN, and it mentioned almost nothing about Facebook. I assume the mods changed the title, which steered the early conversation about the piece. Therefore, due to "title activism" taken too long after the post, I was thoroughly confused for a while. Wait, a kettle[1] that you put on the stove and whistles when it's boiling isn't the standard in the UK? It's what I use for preparing hot water, and I have no issue with it. That's when I want tea or french-press coffee [2]. Sometimes I use an electric percolator[3] for coffee, and what a cup it can make! [1] http://www.amazon.com/Stainless-Teakettle-Litres-Whistling-X... [2] http://www.amazon.com/Bodum-Brazil-French-Coffee-34-Ounce/dp... [3] http://www.amazon.com/Presto-02811-12-Cup-Stainless-Coffee/d... Hear hear. I was reading this thinking, "Why would I need /that much/ complexity in the stylesheet? I get variables and some other niceties... perhaps I'm not thinking complex enough with HTML5 video games and whatnot. Bah. I had a similar idea at my university to provide instant-feedback course guides for all degree plans, class descriptions and online resources, etc. The university went from "awful system implemented 20 years ago by Sungard" to "awful system implemented 1 year ago by Sungard". Don't pretend this YBB+ app, created by students, had any chance of being accepted by the university. Furthermore, it is a joke to claim futility and waste of talent for these men who built this website, created out of a real-world (first-world) problem and proven to serve user demands. I appreciate perspective and, when more general discussions on government abuse are taking place, comparisons to other 'first-world' countries. You're being criticized because we should be able to have discussions about other parts of the world without changing the subject. What are you going on about? The person to whom you're replying was only explaining the point of another post, not criticizing or applauding it. You're arguing at the wind. Or maybe two people came to the same logical conclusion about someone's post. >As much as I'd like for every bootcamp to have altruistic motives, some seem like a money-grab to me. Regulation should not ALWAYS assume a stupid citizen. Just like total surveillance might make us somewhat safer, total regulation might make things somewhat less fraudulent. But do the benefits justify the costs: bureaucracy, cementing a fast-paced industry in the molasses of government? Creating a new set of taxes, fees, and public employees? I kind of stopped when he suggested that every employer of low-wage workers was a soul-sucking evil-doer. > "our unique people culture" (translated: hire feeling, thinking, living, breathing human beings with lives and dreams and aspirations and hopes of their own, and turn them into low-wage Crew members striving to reach the top of the daily and weekly and monthly and quarterly and annual performance reports) To the other person's point, if you're the only one who gives a damn, then using PGP doesn't matter. >Our control regime for abusive surveillance technology must include create a societal norm that these systems are morally unacceptable. I couldn't have said it better myself. You and pikachu_is_cool are boggling my mind right now. The guy is having a moderately high amount of money coming in for him now, based on something he did out of passion. There is nothing wrong with money for stability. If you don't like it, give it to charity... or save for health issues, because we all now realize just how pricey a scrape can be in America. Twitter is such a shit platform to convey ideas and motivations. I should claim that that was my point, and that I was trying to be satirical. However, the truth is that for discussing motivations and explaining things, such as Flappy Bird's demise, it really is not the ideal way to convey a message. Nuance and detail are gone on Twitter... and to your point, I was initially downvoted for my comment, presumably because I didn't give sufficient contribution to the converstaion. I must admit, breaking the Unix philosophy for ZFS to unify FS/volume/RAID management is a dream come true.