Overall, the researchers claim, eliminating depression and anxiety would reduce misery by 20%, whereas eliminating poverty would reduce it by just 5%. If we want to reduce misery in the developed world, then mental health is the biggest challenge we need to overcome. Everything I have ever seen suggests that the chronically poor have intractable personal issues, such as medical problems, mental health problems, learning disabilities or other personal issues. So this seems like a false dichotomy to me. I have lived without a car for like a decade. It is shocking how much the world is designed for cars. This winds up being a de facto "screw you" to everyone else, including people reliant on public transit. Many people reliant on public transit are either poor or handicapped (thus can't drive) or both. I wish this project well. Glad to see it on the front page. Makes me think of this piece: https://alittlemoresauce.com/2014/08/20/what-my-bike-has-tau... (Of course some folks object to that piece: http://grist.org/cities/please-people-stop-using-bikes-to-wh... ) I don't really understand that use of the word orthogonal. But for clarity's sake: I have read about issues like poverty for decades. In any given year, about 10 to 15 percent of Americans are below the federal poverty level. But only about 2 percent of Americans are chronically poor. This is typically defined as below the federal poverty level for at least 5 years out of 10. In fact, I have even seen stats that suggest that being in the bottom 20 percent in one year is actually a reasonable predictor for being in the top 20 percent the following year. Some people below the federal poverty level in a given year are temporarily unemployed and job hunting. In some cases, they are actually starting a new business. So, most folks don't stay below the poverty level. The people who are chronically poor are the ones that have significant personal challenges. These personal challenges both make them miserable and are also a root cause of their poverty. If they can't resolve their personal issues in some manner, they remain poor. I have not only studied such things, I have lived it. Misery is not just having X problem, but knowing that you may never be able to resolve it and that the world does a really sucky job of providing some means for people like you to have some kind of baseline level of comfort. It is a kind of personal hell. Thanks. One of the great mysteries of HN may have just been solved for me. So, what is an effective means to try to connect with people for work related stuff? Say, if you freelance and need a water cooler type group? Absolute poverty would be eliminated, and we would no longer motivate people through the fear of not being able to eat. This is just UBI with a new branding platform, basically. There are tried and true solutions that have an established track record of working, such as universal basic health coverage. It would make more sense for the US to implement those things first, rather than try something experimental. U.S. health care spending grew 5.8 percent in 2015, reaching $3.2 trillion or $9,990 per person. As a share of the nation's Gross Domestic Product, health spending accounted for 17.8 percent. * There you go. The $10k per person that is so often bandied about for UBI, and it would do more for the neediest automatically. People with serious health problems would get more out of the system without having incentives to try to game the system or milk it. * https://www.cms.gov/Research-Statistics-Data-and-Systems/Sta... Starting my own is what I have in mind. I was considering doing so via Meetup. I am kind of flailing around, trying to figure out how to do that. Recall can be enhanced by recreating the situation you were in when you had the thought. Memory is impacted by state or mood, place, context, etc. But, yes, develop some system for making notes. If nothing else, email yourself. I am not specifically looking to connect with other writers. I am looking to connect to digital independent workers and people who might be interested in becoming such. I imagine this author has never been to a soup kitchen. One experience with your typical soup kitchen should cure anyone of the notion that this is a good idea. The food is appalling. The service is terrible. If your stuff gets stolen while you eat because they insisted you leave it elsewhere, not their problem. They assume they know what is best for you, never mind they have no idea what your diagnosis is and no idea about the doctor ordered dietary restrictions that go with it. So the assumption is both flat out wrong and monstrously insulting. I would literally rather fast for a day or so than ever go back to a soup kitchen. That is not hyperbole. I have made that exact choice on a number of occasions while dirt poor. You are reading in things I did not say and rebutting ideas I did not promote. My statement contains zero suggestion that existing (charitable) programs should be shut down. It only rebuts the suggestion that we need some government run "free food" program of the sort described in the article. There are also some excellent ones! I am aware that quality varies. I did a write up of one that didn't completely suck as a potential model for how things should be done. But I wonder how many soup kitchens you have personally eaten at and how many you thought were excellent and would prefer it to most paid eateries (I mean solely on the basis of the high quality of the experience, not on the basis of it being free). we should (not) discount all publicly funded food. I am all for food stamps. I wish that were made more readily available. Due to the lengthy and complex application forms, it is hard to apply to the program. I have six years of college and only managed to fill it out successfully because an agency helped me. I lost my food stamps due to a bureaucratic snafu and my attempts to reapply on my own were not successful having to do with barriers for me in the application process. The EBT card itself is done very well. I would be completely fine with people suggesting we make this program easier to access and also increase the funding by about 50 percent. I don't see any reason why we need to dream up some imaginary American Diner for feeding people instead of making some modest improvements to an already existing program with a proven track record that has already worked out a lot of the bugs. (When I was first on food stamps, using the EBT card was not as smooth as later. I know from firsthand experience they have worked out some of the bugs to make it work more smoothly than it used to.) I was homeless for a long time. Valuing my agency above all else helped me solve my problems and get off the street. When you start eroding rights on the excuse that someone is too poor to have any right to care about such high minded frivolities as rights, you deprive them of hope of resolving their problems. My comments are in regards to your statement here: but you might value your ability to choose less if you didn't know when your next meal would be. I am telling you that when I was so poor that I often had no idea when my next meal might be, I valued my own agency -- my right to choose and to make choices -- tremendously. But it looks to me like, overall, most folks here don't want to hear the opinions of someone who actually ate regularly at soup kitchens for a time. They want to say nice things about being generous people who will feed the hungry, and let's not let actual facts get in the way of our pretty ideas that this is always a good thing with no down side. It is a form of virtue signaling. It is also a form of pity, which is fundamentally disrespectful. You assume you are in a better position than the people of whom you speak to decide for them, while completely dismissing the opinions to the contrary of someone still poor enough that food security is an ongoing question mark. This seems to be par for the course. I think we have a fundamental disagreement about what sorts of policies would be effective, and using that term is unnecessarily dismissive. Using that term mostly indicates that I feel incredibly dismissed most of the time on Hacker News. This is a new handle, but I am not new here. I have had college classes on, for example, homelessness and public policy. I got myself off the street on my own efforts, not through some program. As best I can tell, I am the only woman who has ever spent any time on the leaderboard of HN. None of it seems to make any difference. I continue to get no traction. I continue to not get substantive feedback on my projects. I continue to have no connections. My income remains extremely low. I can't help but feel that sexism and classism are factors and I am just incredibly frustrated. Trying to do something good against long odds, etc begins to seem totally pointless and fruitless. I increasingly understand the very angry feminist types. I don't agree with their approach, but no approach seems to actually work. You and I do fundamentally disagree. I am not pro UBI. I think that is a polite means to crap all over the have nots and increasingly cut them out of ever more access to money, rights, you name it. I don't intend to engage further. I don't think this is in any way whatsoever productive. It is yet another exercise in me trying to engage in good faith with someone who seems to fundamentally be incapable of genuinely respecting me. Everything you say is another ever so politely dismissive thing done in accordance with the rules such that me getting offended just makes me look bad in the eyes of everyone here. I have been facing this sort of thing with, I think, quite a lot of aplomb for more than 8 years, to no avail at all. And I just am not coping well with that fact at the moment. Clickable: http://independentdigitalworkers.blogspot.com It is not disingenuous. I am a woman and, no, I simply don't have the kind of social connections here that the guys typically have if they have that kind of karma. Which means, no, I don't understand subtleties here that prevent me from accomplishing things I want to accomplish. This kind of dismissiveness is actually par for the course. I read the rules for Show HN and it says it needs to be something "you can play with." I see blog posts with some smidgeon of data. I write the mods in good faith and say "This doesn't look to me like a Show HN." I get told that, arguably , the spoonful of data in it qualifies it. I blogged about that on an old blog. I am not going to post it here because that would be drama. I am just looking for a good faith answer to my good faith question and feeling increasingly like the crime of being the first woman on the leaderboard shall never be forgiven. Because it does not appear to have done squat to help me figure out how to get my work taken seriously or my questions answered in good faith. Thank you very much. It was set up this morning. It is try number 3, and is pivoting another project, so I drew some content from that older project, then killed it. I decided I didn't like the first name too much. My first try was Digital Independents and I quickly realized that if I am telling people that verbally, they will probably hear Digital Independence. The next was Digital Independent Workers and then this. I want to figure out how to reach out to people locally. I am going to a lot of public meetings and making connections on the ground. I feel that is going pretty well and it led to this idea. I initially was just handing out flyers for my Write Pay site, but I want it to be broader than that. I could add a Google Group to the site as an embedded forum. My concept is that it is kind of a water cooler for people who work from home. Yes, I am connecting with people locally on the ground and that is going fairly well, well enough to help me get this far. But I need the site and concept better developed and locals cannot help me there. I could have agreed to do a presentation next Wednesday at a local weekly meeting, but I declined because I only have a half baked idea so far. I don't have anything to present. December is booked, so it will probably be January before they have another slot, but I just don't have this fleshed out enough. I had flyers for my Write Pay site. The library won't post them. Some places have posted them, but some people think it is a scam, the same thing that gets said about it when I have posted links to it on HN under a now retired, very well established handle. Personal reputation here did little or nothing to get the site taken seriously. People here accuse me of being a shill for the service I work for. The person on HN who recommended the site to me will not vouch for me. In fact, he dragged my name through the mud for repeating his advice on HN and suggesting it to someone else here a few months after he recommended it to me. When I blogged about that years later and someone else posted that to HN, he denied it. Saving face for himself was his only concern. There is no good way for me to deal with things like that. Saying nothing means my name remains mud. Saying something means I am guilty of talking trash about respected men. The utter and complete lack of respect for me involved there makes no ones radar. I can't get out from behind nonsense like that. Anyway, I need a thing -- a site and a program -- that people will not look askance at as a possible pyramid scheme. I need more than a hand wavy "I have a dream" blurb. I did post it here already as a link this morning. It got zero upvotes and zero comments. Thus, this Ask. Just posting my own writing on HN mostly does not go that well. Once in a while some piece gets well received. The rest of the time, I end up feeling like it was mistake. I very often feel it is an excuse for people who don't like me to justify their negative opinions and their accusations that my participation is somehow nefarious. It often leaves me feeling like poor people and women are not allowed to want financial success. It often feels like it is against the rules to try to figure out how to succeed in accomplishing anything. So with the feedback in another comment here, I am fleshing the site out more. I hope to post it as a Show HN soon. Thank you for commenting. I'm the author. I am trying to flesh this out. Yes, I am making contacts on the ground. But locals aren't that internet savvy. I need this more fleshed out so I have something to present. I seem unable to actually edit my comments under this new account. I am assuming it is a permission I don't yet qualify for. If there are typos, I can't correct them. Thanks. My ex will be in that one. I did a lot of therapy in my teens and twenties and I journaled for a long time. Then I blogged for a long time to help me figure out what I really think so I am not merely "rearranging my prejudices." I also talk a lot with two people I trust who work well as a sounding board. I look for patterns, both in my own words or behavior and in that of other people. I learned long ago to "trust my eyes over my ears." People frequently say one thing, but do another. In most cases, I think they don't even realize it. In some cases, they are outright lying because they have an ugly agenda, but most people seem pretty oblivious to their own motivations and goals. I try to not take it too personally while trying to avoid getting sucked in. Have they not heard of Adam Smith's The Wealth of Nations ? * IIRC, prior to Smith's famous book, the wealth of nations was viewed in terms of gold kept in the coffers of the kings. This was increasingly a source of puzzlement because it was failing to explain why some nations were thriving and others were not. This seminal work has been credited with being single-handedly responsible for transforming our understanding of wealth as "gold in the king's coffer" to what we now refer to as GDP. Wealth of a nation is measured by its productivity, not the money in the bank. While I agree we need to do something about the current trend towards concentrating money in the hands of the few, clearly at the expense of the many, this is not the way to do it. This in no way protects the productivity that gives rise to these riches. In fact, it is likely to undermine said productivity. There is no limit to how much people can spend. If you just cut everyone a check, whether you call it Basic Income or American Equity, the money will get pissed away. It will not get invested in a better future. We have to find ways to address the underlying structural problems that are causing the 1 percent to effectively bleed the masses for more. We also must do so without creating perverse incentives. This is a case of "the cure they are recommending is worse than the disease." * https://en.m.wikipedia.org/wiki/The_Wealth_of_Nations Although the New York Times connects these two phenomena with a psychosomatic explanation of emotional distress, I view the relationship differently. Neighborhoods where African Americans lived – often restricted to due to segregation and redlining – were more exposed to both indoor and outdoor particles that triggered asthma symptoms. While struggling to breathe, black people simultaneously fought for the right to live as equals. I am an environmental studies major. This is not news to me. It would be more accurate to say that NIMBYism by privileged people, who are mostly white, is literally causing increased incidence of asthma in people of color. The de facto disenfranchisement of such people is literally interfering with their ability to breathe and is sending them to an early grave. A fight for rights is a fight for life itself. If we do away with the US military, we will promptly be invaded and taken over by someone else. The military allows the country to exist at all. The world is not full of live-and-let-live hippies who all love the US and its people. The military is also a source of medical training, new medical knowledge, various forms of stability, and research that helps create new products. I am advocating for people not being bled by the 1 percent to begin with. Charity never provides anyone a secure, comfortable life. It makes you their bitch and thus de facto undermines quality of life. I want people to have the money they deserve, but not by saying it is okay for the rich to first bleed us and then we will ask for some piddling check afterwards and kiss their butts and say "Thank you, massah." They outlawed slavery in the US. I would like it to really die and not come back from the grave with a new name. "Easy come, easy go" is a well known phenomenon. How you get your money influences how and what you spend it on. Most lottery winners are bankrupt within 5 years (about 2/3s of them). I know someone who got fired, got six weeks severance pay, drove to a vacation spot with a friend and blew six weeks pay in one three day weekend on sex workers and cocaine. They then moved back home because they couldn't afford their apartment anymore. Six weeks severance pay plus unemployment benefits could have bought them their ongoing independence. I would call that pissing money away. Edit: Changed hookers to sex workers. They were called hookers back in the day. You've got a pretty novel definition of slavery. Perhaps. FWIW, my definition of slavery is that the value of your productivity is owned and controlled by someone else, not you. I see the movement towards basic income as the promotion of a world of poor people in chains. Money grows out of power, not the other way around. If money alone created power, lottery winners would all promptly take their place in the halls of power. They don't. Most wind up bankrupt within 5 years. You only need one example to the contrary to rebut an assertion of never. What little I know: It can be enforced with significant fines. When I worked at Aflac, they took this fact quite seriously as a real threat that they didn't want to happen to them. The following blog suggests the fines can be up to $1.5 million and violations can also involve criminal charges and jail time: https://www.truevault.com/blog/what-is-the-penalty-for-a-hip... High school "typing" class.* (The following year, they changed the name to keyboarding. My pet dinosaur attended the elopement.) * Ex spouse, technically. I actually moved from Word Press to BlogSpot a few years ago. I like it a lot better. It is very user friendly for non-tech people and you can add authors, who have fewer permissions than admins. You can use a third party domain to make it a .com. You can edit the HTML if you don't like their themes. A non coder can also do quite a lot to change the look, layout and functionality. Google now handles backend updates and security for me. It is vastly less of a headache for me than Word Press was. Full disclosure: I am not a programmer and I am not actually qualified to assert that BlogSpot is more secure. I just like it as a platform and I don't understand why it has such a terrible reputation as something you should not take seriously. The judgement of the parents may have been part of why he felt compelled to leave town and get thoroughly wasted. Perhaps had they not been there, he would have been facing a very different mental and emotional landscape entirely and made other choices. You cannot change one element of an equation without impacting all parts. Thinking you can is a common logical error. I think that completely discounts the negative long term impact on his life, which seems particularly egregious in a discussion where I am being criticized as if my remarks are an act of callous disregard for the welfare of the common person. You don't care that he flushed his own life down the toilet, just as long as sex workers and cocaine dealers invested it well after they cleaned him out. And then you criticize me for "moralizing." I keep hypothesizing that using a website or software to somehow promote pedestrianism would be helpful. You don't even need to promote it as fighting climate change per se. You could promote it as how to save money on gas while improving your personal fitness. There are probably other creative approaches. But I would try to think about what's their motivation. What is in it for them. Moralizing tends to not have the best track record for promoting the changes we would like to see. It tends to just force "bad behavior" underground, which can lead to worse things. So, his inability to buy a house for himself and the fact that he continued to live with parents for many years has no bearing on our discussion of the economy and the creation of wealth? I don't want to give a lot more details about this person's life. It is a real person and giving too many details amounts to gossiping about them. But I think you are in error. The impact it had on this person's life has other impacts. I don't know why you think this is some appeal to emotion. It isn't. A person who cannot get their life together because of one youthful indiscretion has long term consequences that impact the wider economy. This is likely part of why such stories are emotionally compelling : Because it actually matters. I am not generally not talk about morality in the sense that other people do. I am not too happy to have the concept of morality injected into the discussion in such a way that it slings mud all over me at every step of the way. I am not talking about morality. I am talking about what makes for a healthy system that serves both the commoner and the rich person well. Our current approach doesn't do that. One of the reasons it does not do that is because I have seen a number of statements by wealthy people to the effect that they live with a lot of fear due to their wealth plus the state of the world. I thin this fear is legitimate and I think it tells us that a system that makes the ultra rich richer by bleeding the common person is a fundamentally unhealthy system that serves no one well, not even the rich people soaking up the extra money and wondering if they will need to abscond to Australia in their jet should the crap hit the fan. I think this fear is part of why so many tech giants talk so much about things like creating basic income. They want to be able to stop living in fear that someone is going to want them dead because the world is going to hell for so very many people and this makes them a potential target. No, I can't. I have spent quite a lot of years trying to figure out how to do a pedestrian-themed blog. I finally have one that I think might "have legs." ;) It has two whole posts. I have probably gone through 10 or 12 different blog names, most of which never got any content whatsoever. I think trying to promote pedestrianism in the US is quite challenging. I have lived without a car for like a decade or so. The most common assumption people make is that I am clearly just pathetically poor. This happens to be true right now, but I also am a committed environmentalist type. My college major was in environmental studies. I gave up my car when I still had a corporate job. Only one person who ever gave me a ride home from the corporate job ever asked me why I gave up the car. Everyone else just made polite noises about what a trooper I was for dutifully walking to work in spite of the pathetic state of my obviously poverty stricken life. In the US, no car = pathetic poor person. So trying to sell people on the idea of choosing to go carless is a really tough thing. Thus, I would just start with trying to get them to drive less and maybe go from a two-car family to a one-car family. That's a much easier starting point. There was an website I saw the other day on HN: Transforming How We Collect and Visualize Information about Urban Accessibility (projectsidewalk.io) https://news.ycombinator.com/item?id=15790713 I liked that. When things are done right, capitalism does not have to mean that. Employees can, for example, own stock in the company where they work. Some companies basically insist that employees do so and intentionally develop an employee-owned company culture. Of course, when workers and stockholders are entirely separate classes of people, then, basically, yes. But that is not an inevitable outcome, even though it seems to generally be the state of things currently. Had he gone off to live happily alone in the mountains as a Buddhist monk, he would've been similarly unproductive. I assume you would've found that more admirable Yeah, I am done with this. In spite of me stating that this is not about moralizing, you keep projecting moral nonsense onto me. The only thing I am talking about is this guy blew through a lot of money in a single weekend and this had long term negative repercussions for his entire life. He went back home to his parents and then never really cut the umbilical cord again. It interfered with his ability to live as he saw fit for many years afterwards and to this day. He threw away his one shot at ever getting to be an adult and live on his own terms. To be perfectly clear, if he had blown through all that money for cocaine and sex workers, come back revitalized, stood up to his parents and said "Yeah, I don't care about your opinions about my life" and sold his second car to make it possible to keep his independence, I might well feel that was money well spent. But that isn't how it went down. Instead, he tucked tail, moved back home and then never lived down what an untrustworthy "loser" he was in the eyes of a lot of people whose opinions mattered to him. Edit: Trying to stop using the F word like a substitute for very. Women tend to also have a lot more social baggage hung on them. It makes me wonder if the evacuation and trauma made it particularly difficult to figure out how to fit in socially in a new place. (I mean as just one element that may have contributed.) I meant no offense Thank you. Money can be spent in a manner that is harmful, that actually reduces value in the world. It can also be genuinely lost or destroyed. But I don't imagine you and I will ever bridge whatever communication gap is happening here. So, I don't plan to "throw more good money after bad" in terms of investing more of my time in what feels like an inane discussion. I am thinking of phenomenon like The Pink Collar Ghetto, The Second Shift and our latest, oft misused, buzz word "emotional labor." These are all well documented phenomenon that taking care of others at their own expense is a burden routinely placed on women in a way that does not get done to men. I am a woman. I was one of the top 3 students of my graduating high school class. I never got the serious career I wanted, nor the money that goes with such things. So I have read a lot of books and articles on women's issues over the years trying to sort out what on earth went wrong with my life and how can I fix it? But HN is overwhelmingly male. Trying to discuss such things here from a female perspective is quite challenging. The vast majority of replies will be openly hostile and dismissive. It is rare that anyone is genuinely curious why an educated woman who is the antithesis of a feminazi would think such a thing. Men here get incredibly defensive. Any whiff of the idea that "sexism" is a factor brings out the worst in comments. It is taken as an accusation that people are being intentionally and maliciously exclusionary. It makes it really hard to give a female point of view here at all, which tends to result in the gender based exclusion that people here seem to want to claim they aren't guilty of. There are studies that show that women internalise emotional traumata much deeper than men, thus have a higher risk of PTSD (Can't remember if this is linked to the on-average better memory of women). This in no way rebuts my thought. What if they are related? What if women internalize trauma more and suffer PTSD more in part because the entire social fabric of their life experience is fundamentally different from men? This has been my experience as a woman. I do something a man would do, it gets a completely different reaction, and not in a good way. Trying to make my own life work gets me seemingly perceived as some kind of evil feminist. Men who try to figure out how to make money are not viewed as some kind of political activist or troublemaker, threatening the status quo. I have gotten insane amounts of pushback for what I feel are completely innocuous behaviors. I have terrible eyesight, so I tend to sit up front in meetings or classes. This gets interpreted by other people as Type A personality extremely aggressive, ambitious behavior and prominent people will publicly comment on what an aberration it is. Their comments clearly come from a place of judging it to be disruptive, egomaniacal behavior. No one ever thinks "Well, maybe she can't see the presentation well enough from the back of the room." It is always framed in terms of me being an uppity woman who does not know my place in the world. My "place" clearly being back row seats. Which reminds me of the historical expectation that blacks in the US had to sit at the back of the bus and stand up and give their seat to a white person if there weren't enough seats for everyone. Thank you for the clarification. My point is that while we can make a value judgment on the kid's spending, we can't say with certainty what the broader economic effect is. There is about a metric fuckton (TM) of data that shows that when people are handed a big check that they didn't work for, it typically gets spent differently than it would have been had it required blood, sweat and tears to get the exact same amount of money. And the way in which it gets spent differently is typically consumptive, usually with little or no long term value and potentially a lot of long term harm. This is a thing we can know with a fair degree of certainty. It is part of why the NFL tries to provide some kind of financial literacy for its players. Most of them will have a very short career in professional football. Probably most of the ones who aren't there very long will never make that kind of money again. They are trying to make sure that if some guy only make a quarter of a million dollars one year of his life, it pays for something of long term benefit, like a house or some retirement savings. Don't give up, you're actually pretty close. This suggests you are the smart, knowledgeable person here to educate my less smart, less knowledgeable self. I was describing a communication gap due to differing mental frameworks for the issue. I was not suggesting one of us was "dumber" than the other. I moderated a smarty pants email list at one time. I am all too familiar with the tendency for smart people to think they are smarter than the person they are talking to. That attitude is not constructive and it is not something I care to keep engaging with. Around the country, many fast-growing metropolitan areas are facing a brutal shortage of affordable places to live, leading to gentrification, homelessness, even disease. Nice to see someone say that there is an actual connection between insane housing prices and homelessness. Most discussions of homelessness frame it as if it is merely a personal problem, like people on the street are merely junkies and losers and not in any way, shape or form victims of something gone bad wrong with the fabric of society. And most discussions of housing problems in the US don't really acknowledge that this issue is pertinent to the folks on the street. Of the first 67,000 mortgages insured by the G.I. Bill, fewer than 100 were taken out by non-whites. * It is a figure that makes me want to throw up, and I'm not even black. I feel like this country owes blacks (as a group) probably a few billion dollars in some sense. Barriers to home buying for African Americans constitutes actively preventing them from creating savings and financial security. Homeownership has historically provided half or more of the value of the nest egg for most ordinary (aka not rich) Americans. * https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/African_Americans_and_the_G.I.... Only if you also hand built all the tools for building said hut and also also did not learn how to do any of that from instructions on websites or YouTube videos. ;) The Harvard University survey, which polled young adults between ages 18 and 29, found that 51 percent of respondents do not support capitalism. Just 42 percent said they support it. The results of the survey are difficult to interpret, pollsters noted. Capitalism can mean different things to different people, and the newest generation of voters is frustrated with the status quo, broadly speaking. If you do a survey and ask if people are pro abortion, most of them will say "no." If you do a survey and ask if they support a woman's rights to have control over her body and have reproductive choice -- aka "pro choice" -- most people will say "yes." Most folks think a woman should have access to abortion services should she need one. They also think it should be an absolute last resort for when things go wrong and should not be used too casually as a primary form of birth control. The reality is that most women would never use it that way. But birth control methods fail far more often than most people imagine, plus sometimes someone is assaulted. TLDR: How you ask the question can skew the answers and also people often mean very different things with the same word. Communication R hard. "The word 'capitalism' doesn't mean what it used to," said Zach Lustbader, a senior at Harvard involved in conducting the poll, which was published Monday. For those who grew up during the Cold War, capitalism meant freedom from the Soviet Union and other totalitarian regimes. For those who grew up more recently, capitalism has meant a financial crisis from which the global economy still hasn't completely recovered. "They're not rejecting the concept," Della Volpe said. "The way in which capitalism is practiced today, in the minds of young people — that's what they're rejecting." YC and other programs require you to move there to participate. If you move away after your program is over, the value of the contacts you made goes way down, to the point of approaching zero. This will cause a lot of people to stay. They know that leaving could kill their baby. Thank you. I had not heard of that. It tends to go poorly to try to fix such things with money per se. I saw a thing on TV years ago about someone rich whose will stated their estate should be spent on something like medical care for blacks. Nope, it didn't happen. A different show indicated someone gifted an island to the black slave descendents. It was being profiled because they would sell their land, blow the money on a car or whatever and ...it just did not give these folks access to real wealth and power. Kind of like the "Black Wall Street." Whites burned it down, then instituted new building codes to prevent them from rebuilding. The excuse was these were fire safety codes. The reality was it burned down because whites burned it down, not because the buildings were defective in some manner. But I wonder if perhaps smaller initiatives that aren't simply a case of throwing money at the problem might grow out of the growing realization that, no, seriously, they are poor because they were denied access to the means to not be poor, not due to ignorance, laziness, etc. My off the cuff thought is that someone should start a no money down mortgage program for descendents of people of color who were veterans of WW2. Maybe even our government. I was just kind of thinking out loud. I should probably look the thing up. I have zero familiarity with it. I only recently heard of the very low numbers I cited above and have been feeling like "Damn! Someone should do something to redress this!" And then you said your thing and my big feels and half baked idea came spilling out. It very much upsets me. My dad was career army and fought in WW2. I grew up in a nice house in the suburbs financed by the GI Bill. My dad was part Cherokee. Only about 1/16th, but there is an actor who is full blooded Iroquois who looks uncannily like my father in some photos. Dad was very white passing. But then about 70 percent of African American DNA is European. In the US, if you are 1/8th African, you are "black." It is very arbitrary. So, I find myself pretty incensed. It hits a nerve for me. Or maybe women, people of color and others would be more comfortable and a small subset of ultra wealthy folks would merely be rich. Slavery was outlawed. That was likely unimaginable at one time. Women eventually gained the right to vote. That was a long, hard battle too. Average education level of women in the era of Lincoln was elementary school age. Slaves were forbidden from being allowed to learn to read. I have read that in terms of relative wealth, our first president was the richest president we have had. So it seems to me that we have made progress on that at the societal level already. It doesn't have to happen, say, in the span of a year or two for me to think it worth espousing. I am an old woman who raised two special needs kids. I am okay with taking a longer view than the next 5 minutes, so to speak. I am a woman and was one of the top 3 students of my graduating high school class. I never got the two career couple lifestyle I grew up believing would happen. A friend of the family once asked me why the hell I failed to be a self made millionaire by age 30. The ugly history of people of color outlined in one of the links in this discussion has some things in common with the outcomes women have. But I don't really feel like arguing it. This is an overwhelmingly male forum. I increasingly feel it is pointless to try to give a female point of view here. It will be downvoted, dismissed and attacked. If The resist, I will be accused of behaving badly while the insults to me are treated like reasonable statements that I am simply overreacting to. So, suffice it say, I don't agree with you. If you were correct, then women should have economic parity with men. They don't. The exact details may vary a bit, but the feminization of poverty is a phrase in our lexicon for a reason. When people talk like it isn't real, I never know quite what to think of that. I have a really hard time accepting that people sincerely don't see something so obvious for which there is overwhelming evidence. Yet I also realize it is obvious to me because I happen to be female. There are lots of details about the Black experience that I am inadequately aware of. So that gives me pause when it comes to trying to assess why men say such things. But I feel pretty worn down and hopeless of late. How do they do it? Some people only need four to six hours sleep a night. Such people do a great deal more than folks who routinely sleep eight plus hours a night. Some people have streamlined their life to cut out a lot of time sinks that many people believe are simply not optional. They, too, get more done than average. Some people would die of boredom if they didn't have tons going on. Their many activities often feed on each other. Their blog posts grow out of other activities. As evidence go, the the wast majority of the homeless are men. http://sandiegohomelesssurvivalguide.blogspot.com/2017/07/ge... Another thing to feel good about: The way the end of the US Civil War went down was remarkably enlightened and created a new template for putting conflicts to rest which is likely partly responsible for the fact that WW2 has not (yet?) fostered a WW3. Historically, people who surrendered paid war reparations to the winning side and it was generally pretty ugly. This is part of why General Lee was very reluctant to surrender. It was considered to be a fate worse than death. But there were only three conditions of his surrender at Appomattox. One of them was that the North would come in and help them rebuild. This was an unprecedented break with human history. It is rare for a nation to only have a single civil war. Typically, the end of one plants the bitter seeds of the next. Rinse and repeat. It is remarkable the US has only seen one. The end of WW1 also planted the bitter seeds of WW2. When WW2 ended, the US went in to both Germany and Japan and helped them rebuild. The world also created a number of institutions aimed at preventing another global conflict. These are mostly financial organizations, like The World Bank. It was widely recognized that the global depression was a major root cause of WW2. Some world leaders vowed "Never again" and did what they could to make that vow a commitment the world could bank on. Edit: FWIW, I was born and raised in Georgia, though daddy was a Hoosier and mom is a German immigrant, so no one ever saw me as "Southern" until I moved to the West Coast. In some ways it was probably too "enlightened". I would call that not enlightened enough. Real progress is quite hard. A lot of discussions about ideals fail to recognize that there are pragmatic limits. Any mention of pragmatic limits is attacked as an excuse for continued bad behavior. As a current example, I am not for UBI. I don't think it really works in practical terms. It sounds like a nice ideal, but when you dig into the details, I think it simply doesn't work. It is really, really common for new initiatives to wind up falling far short of their stated goals. It would be nice if the North had done more for the freed slaves. But I don't think that failure really suggests that it would have been better if the handling of the end of the Civil War had sowed the seeds of the next American civil war. I can't say that I really believe that Black Americans would be better off if the country were locked in a vicious cycle of civil wars. I am finding myself deeply disturbed by the things I am learning here lately about the history of how Blacks have been treated. I am newly off the street and back in housing and I am seriously medically handicapped, so there is significant limits on what I, personally, can do about anything beyond just coping with my own survival. But perhaps my upset over these injustices will stay with me and perhaps that will lead to something constructive happening, at some point. I have a tendency to try to light one small candle rather than the curse the darkness. Although it seems to have so far failed to establish any kind of reputation of a sort where I can use it for purposes of being a resume or making money or having serious influence, I have a track record of making a difference. Though a tree falls and makes no sound, still, it falls. While the science is amazing, why go this route rather than having a surrogate mother? I've heard the price of a surrogate is $30-50K. That sounds rhetorical, but I'll bite anyway. Some women really long for the experience of childbirth. This may not be entirely psychological. Giving birth has significant impact on a woman's physiology. In addition to changing the shape of the hips and often other details like that, it leaves a woman a chimera for many years. Because her blood and the blood of the baby mix, she carries cells from the baby for many years afterwards. I have a genetic disorder. I have two biological sons. I was not diagnosed until they were about 12 and 14 years old, so I didn't (consciously) know about my condition at the time that I was making reproductive choices (though I did know I was always "sickly"). My first pregnancy significantly impacted how I eat. I removed a number of things from my diet to cope with my difficult pregnancy and many were never added back into my diet. I have reason to believe this did my health a lot of good. For example, it cured the chronic, sever vaginal yeast infections I had for more than two years prior that pregnancy. I never again had chronic, severe yeast infections. I have read up a bit on pregnancy-induced chimerism and talked a bit with people online about it and talked a fair amount with my sons. I have come to think that some women long for a baby because it can have a profound impact on a woman's body in ways we don't fully understand and perhaps sometimes that longing is rooted in some subconscious awareness that going through the process of carrying a child to term may alter their body in ways that are potentially for the best. This would be really hard to prove. We have no means to see what the biological outcome would be for the same woman with and without the pregnancy experience. But I am in remarkably good health for someone with my genetic disorder and I credit my two pregnancies with some portion of that fact. I’m sure in 2011 I thought this was a funny joke (look carefully, and you will notice the Ironic Capitalization) So, six years after the fact and probably taken out of context, her account was locked up. Have people never heard of sarcasm? You know, the practice of saying the exact opposite of what you really mean as a way to be funny or give emphasis? A thing that, BTW, takes special effort on the internet to effectively convey. The blogs claims that men choose to become homeless and women do not. That is victim blaming. No one choose to be at the bottom of the social ladder. I have no idea how you are getting that from the post at all. I also get really tired of being accused of victim blaming for trying to address complex subjects with a bit of nuance. It begins to feel to me like a cheap shot hurled by people who don't actually have a good rebuttal, so they figure mudslinging will suffice. The point is not that men choose homelessness and women do not. The point is that choices made at the bottom of the social ladder are made within a particular context and this context varies some in part based on gender. Men and women make different choices in part because they are faced with different choices. I happen to be the author of that piece. In addition to firsthand experience with homelessness, I had a college class on the subject many years before spending some time homeless. I didn't give you the link to imply that a blog post somehow is more authoritative than me commenting on HN. Since I wrote it, it is exactly like if I wrote a long comment here, only it has already been previously written and that has certain advantages, like saving me time and, hopefully, having fewer typos and being perhaps a little more thoughtful because I had time to think through what I wished to say. Your rebuttal about social networks strikes me as essentially a different way to make the same point. Poor men simply lack the option of staying with friends or family that so often keeps women from being literally on the street. Framing it as a rebuttal sounds intentionally and unnecessarily fighty. Well, the primary point of the piece is that I was a woman on the street and, in some sense, it was a choice for me because I had been offered a place to stay on more than one occasion. In some cases, it was pretty clear that I would be trading sex for a place to say. I turned down those offers. All people make choices, even very poor people who are faced with nothing but bad options. In such a situation, the best you can do is try to choose the lesser evil. But it is really disingenuous and dehumanizing to act like homeless people make no choices whatsoever. I am a former homemaker and full-time mom. Most self proclaimed feminists I have interacted with have been virulently hostile, disrespectful and contemptuous of me. They seem to not see full-time motherhood as a legitimate choice at all. It sometimes feels to me like they wish a man would take care of them, but they don't know how to make that work, so hating on me is de rigueur. It is one of the reasons I spend so much time on Hacker News. Most men are less aggravating for me to deal with. It is also part of why I do not self identify as a feminist. A primary thrust of the blog is to honor and foster agency for homeless Americans. In other words, to help them fight for their personal freedom, under the worst of circumstances, by making choices for themselves and resisting a system that wants to tell them they are too stupid and too poor to make choices because "beggars can't be choosers." Under the absolute worst circumstances, the right to choose is critical to one's ability to self advocate. It is a right routinely denied the poorest of the poor. It is a right I try to help preserve. Social safety nets frequently disrespect the right of the individual to choose. They frequently dictate limitations on what you can and cannot do. I tried to write about accessing support that does not impinge on your freedom. I am aware it "sounds wrong" to a lot of people. That is exactly why I felt I needed to write about it. There is some statistic showing that every dollar invested in our small children saves multiple dollars down the line for things like the prison system. Any feminism that cannot honor, respect and support the importance of full time parenting is an ideology I want no part of. To my mind, the only good feminism is one that insists that full time parenting should be an equally legitimate choice for either parent, not just the mother. Children are a resource that creates our future. It would be super nice if society stopped acting like investing in our children is a waste of resources while wondering why the world is going to hell. I homeschooled my 2xe sons. I served as Director of Community Life for the TAG Project for a time. This was support for my ability to homeschool my kids in a situation where no school, public or private, was qualified to adequately accommodate them at both ends of the spectrum at the same time, which was what they needed. My oldest has two conditions which can each lead to a neurotic relationship to food severe enough to require in patient intervention. He has a healthy relationship to food because of my approach to handling his issues. There are an awful lot of things that can go wrong in a child's life that can potentially lead to a need for enormous resources at state expense from medical to mental health to behavioral, which can go very differently if there is a sufficiently knowledgeable full time parent to handle it before it goes so very wrong. You are in error. More education is not wasted on raising kids. Your opinion sounds incredibly ignorant to me. https://www.nytimes.com/2015/09/15/science/a-pregnancy-souve... I have studied the problem and thought quite a lot about it. I think sexism will tend to persist because there are biological differences that have substantial impacts. The fact that women can get pregnant but men cannot has a huge raft load of implications that influence the attitudes and choices of both men and women. Women I have known who thought they could live their life like a man did fine until they had a baby, at which point their assumptions of independence and self determination had an unpleasant wake up call. There may be things society can do to mitigate that reality, but most discussions I see of gender equality make zero effort to mitigate it. Instead, most people seem oblivious to its existence. This does not bode well for the possibility of creating policies that genuinely help level the playing field. I believe there are inherent challenges in creating good policies in this area, so it likely won't happen by serendipity. The current result seems to be a growing divide between the quality of life for empowered women and disempowered women. That divide seems to be strongly influenced by reproductive choices in ways that are not obvious or straight forward. There are women here. Some of them actively hide or downplay their gender. My experience has been that even with being very open about my gender, I am sometimes misgendered by people assuming I am male. I know no means to put a stop to that and I feel that being too pushy about it would be counterproductive. This is a new handle, but my original handle has 25k karma and is still on the leaderboard. As far as I know, I am the only woman on the leaderboard. If so, out of 100 names showing on the leaderboard, only one is a woman. This is really low even in comparison to the 17 percent figure often cited for female CEOs. So, yeah, it is an overwhelmingly male forum, but I have been here over 8 years and I am fairly confident that the appearance of male domination is even worse than the reality. I see questions like yours from time to time, and the best I can tell you is that data over the years suggests that a) at least 2 to 3 percent of the active membership is female and b) this figure is probably a case of underreporting. There are probably more women here, it just doesn't look it. It seems to me to be getting better. It could be that it really is overwhelmingly male and that the women who do participate often downplay their gender, thereby making it look even more overwhelmingly male than it actually is, thus fostering the impression that it could be 100% male. It could also be that the lack of "social" elements, like avatars, makes it inherently hard to signal such details or ferret them out if you are curious about it. (That is not a criticism. It is an observation. I like the way profiles are handled here.) Well, yes, a high school drop-out single mom may be able to do a fine job of homeschooling. Or may not. And that will depend on a lot of factors beyond their formal education. I am not comfortable with the suggestion here that a parent needs advanced education to successfully homeschool. There are support systems for homeschoolers. I was involved with that at one time. If you homeschool gifted kids, even if you have a lot of formal education, you can find yourself really challenged. You can find yourself dealing with a child who knows more about a subject than you do, even though you have had college classes in the subject. One way to handle that is to become a resource person for the child. Instead of instructing them, you participate on email lists and what not, learn what books and other materials have a good reputation and make sure the child has access to such materials. There is no reason a high school drop-out cannot take a similar approach. A bigger problem in my mind is that when women go to college and have difficulty with a subject, they are often actively steered towards early childhood education. One outcome of this fact is that a high percentage of elementary school teachers are not only bad at math, they are math phobic. They pass this math phobia on to impressionable young children and may not be really qualified to teach math. My oldest son likely has dyscalculia. By the time I pulled him out of school, he feared and loathed math. When he asked questions in school, his teachers often read him the explanation in the book. He read well above grade level. If the book explanation were going to help, he didn't need the teacher for that. It never helped him. Fortunately, I had more college level math by the time I graduated high school than most people with non STEM bachelor's degrees have. I also have a background tutoring it and I can find novel ways to explain it. I was eventually able to get my son over his fear of math and give him a solid grounding in the subject. When men struggle with subjects like math in college, they are not encouraged to give up and "go do something easier, like teach small kids." My ex is not good at math. I tutored him when he took college math classes. No one suggested he give up. They expected him to man up and do what it took to meet the standard to complete his goals. This is very much a gendered difference in student outcomes and it has all kinds of negative consequences for not only both genders -- because men don't get support for making other choices if they genuinely can't do something -- but for the entire fabric of society. I mostly think nature designed sex to feel good as a way of tricking people into getting pregnant. Most pregnancies are not planned. Two people were just trying to have a good time. You have to actively work at not getting pregnant if you want a sex life, but don't want children. The question of longing for a baby is mostly a first world problem. In most parts of the world, they still have more traditional issues, like shot gun weddings for out-of-wedlock pregnancies. It is sort of like saying "we crave oxygen." You only are aware of that in its absence. Otherwise, you breathe because that's what you do, not because you sit around writing odes to the wonderfulness of oxygen, oh, how I long for thee. This is part of why people are weirded out. The default state is that women are trying like hell to not get pregnant most of the time. Then you have some weird edge case where they can't just get pregnant, you discover this matters enough to them to be willing to go to rather drastic lengths to achieve it and it flies in the face of our expectations. Well, unfortunately, I think that is sometimes due in part to people in authoritative positions having no respect for their "lessers," whether that is children, women, people of color, poor people, underlings at work or some other category. So a lot of things that get framed as "instruction" or "education" is really about enforcing an unhealthy pecking order that is actively harmful to whomever is framed as "lesser." There are no easy solutions for that situation. But I think it starts with having a high degree of respect for individuals and their right to choose, even under circumstances where it is challenging to feel real respect for them. Or, perhaps, especially at such times. :-) One parent went and surveyed what their child did all day in school. They concluded that most of the school day was spent changing classes, queing up, calling roll, etc. They estimated that only one to two hours a day was spent actually learning. California laws allow for tutors as a valid education option. They specify 3 hours a day, not 8. One-on-one teaching is much more intense, relevant and information dense than a one-to-many teaching situation. Most teaching in school relies heavily on the kids reading the material provided. A homeschool parent can similarly provide good materials. Learning comes more naturally than teaching. ;) Anyway, it isn't intended to try to convince you to homeschool. It is only intended to say that lots of parents have felt the same way and then found it was more do-able than they expected. I tried to enroll my son in college when he was 13 to get him out of my hair. His knowledge of some subjects has long been over my head. That did not work out and I had to woman up and figure out how to keep being a resource for him. So I am no stranger to feeling like "This is something I am not qualified for." But a parent with a sincere interest in supporting their child's education can be an excellent resource, even when they can offer no further instruction. I find your phrasing unclear, so I don't really understand what you are asking. They started elsewhere, then moved to Silicon Valley because that is where the action is. They likely would not be where they are today had they not done that. Now that they are here, they have the same issue: moving would likely come at a very high cost and might well turn the company into a has been. Major changes to a company are always a risk. Even the founders may not fully understand all the pieces that make it a success, so trying to change the formula can kill the company. Presumably, the people running YC have no reason to move it elsewhere and lots of reasons to stay. Yes, their existence contributes to the housing issues there, but that isn't really a good reason to move the company. If they are concerned about it, there are other ways they can try to address it without risking killing their own company in the process. Okay, I love the idea. I see some typos and awkward phrasing that sounds like "Engrish" to me. It desperately needs a "start here" section and a better means to convey to people what this is about. I have long wanted to do something in clothing, but I am very aware that bespoke clothing is simply out of reach, price-wise, for most people. My mother sews beautifully and trained with a tailor briefly in her teens. She sewed a lot of my clothes when I was growing up and I routinely stood for fittings. She also sewed a lot of clothes for my kids when they were little. I lived far away and took measurements periodically. In addition to knowing how to take measurements, I am handy with a seam ripper. But the kind of skill my mother has is beyond me. So my long standing fantasy has been to do a line of mass customization clothing. My thought is this would potentially be a means to leverage technology to provide semi custom clothes at a fraction of the bespoke price. I would love to see what this organization can do to lower the barriers between me and this daydream of mine. Because it has always seemed to be an aspiration completely out of reach for me. But I only have some vague idea of what they do thanks to one of the comments * here, not because of the information on the landing page of their site. * https://news.ycombinator.com/item?id=15846271 It is not transphobic. I find the position of a lot of trans people to be deeply harmful to the rights of cishet women. Claiming my statement is transphobic amounts to gratuitous mudslinging while simultaneously dismissing the very real challenges faced by cishet women. I don't mind if you live your life and get your needs met, but I quite resent the way cishet women are getting crapped all over in the process. So, no, I will not reconsider my assertion. To the best of my knowledge, it is completely 100% accurate for biological sex. I see no reason why it should be denied to serve the political agenda of a small subset of people when denying it actively harms people like me when people like me are a much larger percentage of the population. And all of this erases the very real issues I face as a cishet woman. Being lectured that I need to educate myself on the needs and issues of trans individuals and make tremendous effort to serve their political goals while my needs are trampled under foot and my name is publicly dragged through the mud is no means whatsover to win me over. When trans people can figure out how to speak to their issues without silencing cishet women trying to speak to their own, I will be happy to ally with them. But my experience so far has been that my interactions with people who identify as trans or nonbinary have been completely poisonous. I am fine with supporting their desire to live as they choose. But I am really fed up with their agenda actively harming me and other cishet women. Trans individuals get vastly more friendly, sympathetic support on HN than cishet women do. The idea that I have some obligation to invest more of my time and energy in benefitting them when they have done nothing but actively harm me is deeply offensive to me. You have never once spoken to me like you genuinely respect me. Not once. You are on the leaderboard. You routinely talk to me like I am an idiot. Nitpicking the things I say here while never interacting with me as if I have anything of value to bring to the table is actively harmful to my public reputation and seems to be par for the course for how women are treated here. The issues of trans people are different than those of cishet individuals. But trans people act like saying that is somehow othering of them -- unless they are saying it to further their political agenda. There is zero reason anyone should feel compelled to come in here and piss on me for trying to make the point that I believe sexism will also persist. That it is not fundamentally different from racism in that regard. Male to female transexuals face different problems from cishet women. They seem to have a much easier time fitting in on HN than I have had. And as best I can tell it is in part because powerful men can help a transexual and in the process signal that they aren't up to funny business, that it isn't rooted in sexual desire. But an awful lot of powerful men will do not a damn thing for me and I am quite confident that part if the reason is because they fear potential scandal. They fear people will talk because I am a woman. I was quite open on HN about being homeless and having a genetic disorder. No one here feels compelled to do shit all for me to help me resolve my issues. My sob story has completely failed to cause people to take seriously my request for help to figure out how to make money online. I in no way believe your question to be sincere interest in my problems as a cishet woman. Every interaction I have ever had with you suggests to me it is merely a politically correct means to be completely dismissive and contemptuous. So I am going to leave a couple of links here and then, most likely, not engage further. Because the situation here where there is only one woman on the leaderboard of HN and she can get no real support of a sort that will help resolve her financial problems and everyone is completely comfortable with literally watching her starve while standing idly by and then I have to put up with crap like this on top of it -- there just is no polite, politically correct means to reply to that. It is galling and I can't believe people subject me to this and then act like I am somehow the one in the wrong. http://michelerebooted.blogspot.com/2017/11/the-art-of-nonch... http://michelerebooted.blogspot.com/2017/11/genevieve-traylo... So consider me completely and totally unimpressed with your posturing. You could have kicked a smidgeon of support my way a long time ago instead of being one of the people here actively making my participation on HN more challenging and unwelcoming. Your consistent choice to be a thorn in my side makes your good guy act ring hollow to my ears. That's a good way to be fired later. That doesn't help me. Are you asking what mechanism is causing improvement? Are you asking why it would be a good thing to have more women here? Or something else? Because the rest of your paragraph seems to suggest it is fundamentally not a good thing and possibly actively harmful to either HN or YC or both, which makes it really challenging for me to try to engage you at all because it feels openly hostile to my very participation. but to the extent that my posts have made you feel unwelcome, to the extent I have been a thorn in your side during the troubles you have experienced, I regret that. You voice regret while doing nothing different. Please stop bothering me. I consider it to be actively malicious behavior at this point. If you genuinely regret it, than at least leave me alone henceforth as the least worst thing you can personally do for me. You assume women don't want to be here. I see it otherwise. Women want to be here, but the climate is not very welcoming of them. So I'm asking why should HN actively change itself to be more engaging to women? And how? HN isn't required to do anything at all. It looks to me like both YC and the moderating staff of HN would like to foster diversity. That is their choice. I try to respect that fact. I have worked hard at trying to fit in because I want to be here. I know a lot about social phenomenon. If one woman can figure it out, this will tend to open doors for others. That is simple reality and has nothing to do with me trying to change HN. In fact, to the degree that new women so often take it for granted that they are welcome here, have no idea how hard I have worked to fit in and how that makes it easier for them and then quite often are personally ugly to me, I often regret any role I have played in opening doors for other women here. It seems to be of zero benefit to me and to very often bite me in the butt. Your hostility in this most recent comment seems to be much more blatant and not a matter of misunderstanding. So, if you will excuse me, I don't plan to engage you further. Donate them to charity. Explain to the kids it is relative's fault for not also gifting you enough money to afford a mansion for housing ten jillion toys, but there just isn't space for everything. I also like the suggestion here to take them apart and use it as a learning experience, knowing that they probably won't get put back together in working order. It helps that they genuinely outgrow many of their toys during the early years. I was a military wife. I used routine military moves as a good excuse to cut back on the toys and other aspects of North American Affluenza. "We have a weight limit. We can only move so much. The new place will be smaller. etc" any non-devs here work remote? I work remotely, but it is with an online writing service, plus as a blogger who gets a smidgeon of Patreon money and as someone who does resume work and advertises it myself. I don't have a remote "job" per se. I worked for a time at Aflac. While I was there, they were trying out remote positions within the claims department (where I worked). I am also trying to create a support system for digital workers, including but not limited to remote workers. This is the current page of remote job boards and what limited stuff I have for that area: http://independentdigitalworkers.blogspot.com/p/remote.html If you give it to Goodwill, they will sell it. You aren't forcing it on another child. Different people have different values. If that idea offends you, I will say again: I also really like the idea of taking them apart, knowing they are unlikely to get put back together in working order. So if the idea of donating them doesn't work for you, go with that. Or come up with some other solution. My comment in a forum in no way impels you to do as I said. It's very well written, but feels a little like it doesn't quite make the point it set out to make. It's a good read from the perspective of a richness of language and insight into a lifestyle many here will not have familiarity with. But, I don't know, when I was homeless, a hotel stay was a brief foray back into civilization. It was a chance to get a proper shower in a proper bathroom facility, unlike the homeless showers back in downtown San Diego that I was all too happy to leave behind. It was a chance to watch a TV like normal people do. It sits a bit uncomfortably with me that the meaning (of hotel stays) for those living precariously is cast in such negative terms. Perhaps that seems necessary to motivate people to try to do something about the problem, but I am not so sure that works. The pity with which other people clearly saw me when I was on the street rarely motivated anyone to help me, though I was only asking for help with figuring out how to effectively make money online. The pity itself seemed to be a barrier to the connections and useful information I desired. The pity seemed rather corrosive to my finances and not some means to channel assistance my way. While I can understand the strong feelings people have about how galling our high rates of homelessness are, I am not so convinced that this framing is particularly helpful to some cause of trying to make headway against such things. You decide what you want to do and you set goals. Look to the future, not the past. My initial request for clarification was in no way hostile, nor a criticism of you. I am sorry you are so very angry, but I see no reason why I should be the target of your anger. Also, there is no requirement here to be in tech. There are men on the leaderboard in other professions. There are plenty of respected members here who are teachers, doctors or lawyers. The suggestion that a woman or black person needs to be "tech savvy" is just another means to exclude them. Since you are black, it really isn't in your best interest to suggest that people who are not white males need to pass additional tests to be here. And if you think flamewars will degrade the site, then look to the man in the mirror. Your anger is part of the problem. I do all in my power to be the antithesis of an angry woman just here to start fights. I imagine my commitment to trying to engage in good faith in spite of it being an uphill battle to do so is a key element of how I became the first woman on the leaderboard. Good read. I cut about 10k emails from my longstanding primary email address. This got me down around 90k emails. I am still trying to unsubscribe from stuff, keep up with deletions, yadda. It seems completely hopeless. I find myself moving to a different email address. Deleting around 9.5k emails there got me down below 500 emails. It is making it increasingly difficult to bother to log back into my old address. So this article is kind of timely for me. I slept in a usually 7x7 tent for 5.7 years with my two adult special needs sons. I am not asserting that their quiet desperation is invalid. But please don't dismiss my experience as invalid. I do a lot of writing on things like homelessness and housing issues. I wish tech giants would abandon their advocacy of UBI and replace it with trying to solve affordable housing for this country. But I cannot begin to tell you what a kick in the stomach it feels like for you to try to "educate" me on the issue of homelessness here, like I have no clue whereof I speak. The post below yours got flagged into oblivion, but I think it raises an important issue. My impression was that it showed up dead. I vouched for it, to no avail. Assuming you mean this one: https://news.ycombinator.com/item?id=15848548 If it is mere contribution to the discussion, it is quite badly handled. If they did not intend to rebut me, they could have posted it as a top level comment instead of as a reply. If they wished to engage me without coming across as dismissive, the framing of it needs a lot of work. Your comment also comes across as subtly dismissive and accusatory due to what you choose to comment on here. If you only wish to engage in discussion, why feel the need to criticize my reply? Why not say something constructive in response to my top level comment above? Women, people of color, the poor and other disenfranchised groups face this sort of thing a great deal. It is rather maddening as it puts people in a no win situation. Such groups get no respect. When they complain of it, it is yet another thing to criticise them for. It would be nice if the world stopped such insidious patterns. No offense, but your comment merely continues the insidious pattern I wish would end. Edit: If you are assuming I am new here because of the green handle, you are in error. And yet the pile on of criticism continues while I get downvoted for calmly replying. I was asked a question. I answered. That has been downvoted and more and more people pile on to explain to me the error of my ways for answering the question in good faith, yet no one seems to see how that pattern is inherently dismissive of me.