Absolutely not!! It's more like this You have old user table with for example: login and user name In MongoDB this is a JSON object {login:'user', name:'User Name'} You want to add 'shoe size'. So you add 1 - the shoe size to the signup/user editing form 2 - next user created is like this: {login:'user', name:'User Name', 'shoe_size': 7} 3 - Old users DON'T get a shoe_size added automatically to their document, but next time they login they get asked "What's your shoe size". It's dynamic. if (!user.shoe_size), done. You add new columns on demand, and you almost never remove them (you don't need to add fields for migrating, except of course those you want to add) You (almost never) "run the migration" for a while adding shoe_size to existing documents. And it absolutely does make a huge difference, since you don't have to deal with the mess of relational DB migrations. I'll never develop a system using a relational DB again if I can avoid. > Now I'm not anti-MongoDB, I'm just saying you shouldn't give it credit for something that relational database do just fine. No, it can't. Sorry, it absolutely can't. > If you add a default value it locks the table and re-writes it. > However, if you don't add a default value postgres will perform the operation instantly. And in MongoDB you don't have to change anything in the DB (hence, no downtime). It's all in your code. Yes, I can add a field in PGSQL, then my ORM quits on me (because I can't have a optional field, of course). Or I can use hand written SQL at which point it adds a couple of months to my schedule. Or I can use migrations + ORM like Ruby migrations or South (Django). They will blow up for anything slightly more complex. I also can't use the old version of the DB, so my old backups just became more troublesome to recover. And that's why Facebook and others don't user relational anymore. Sure, you can use MySQL or PG, but the real data is stored in a text or binary blob. Exactly VC++ is much easier to work with than GCC on Windows (and I'm not talking only IDE but API support, debugging, binary size, etc) Also, video driver support is best on Windows. But of course, demos are made for Linux/OSX as well. You can try them on Wine as well under Linux, it's worth a shot. There are several reasons to use C++: Qt, STL just to name a few. C++ is much more powerful than C. C is more 'well behaved', surely, but productivity is an important issue. Especially for desktop applications, and embedded applications, C++ is killer. And of course your mileage may vary. But you're welcome trying to run Java in an embedded system (Android hw requirements are way above most embedded systems out there, like set top boxes, network devices, etc) Add the semicolon "but but but" add the semicolon There's so much FOR it, it's unbelievable. Yes, it's good to 'break the rules' now and then. Add the semicolon This is not about if JS allows it or not. It's important, but mostly irrelevant. You can also not add 'var' to JS variables unless needed. That's going to be a lot of fun when it goes wrong. But here are the million dollar questions: 1 - How much time is spent making it work without a semicolon as opposed to just typing it? This is not about typing ';' - time for that is irrelevant, but the mental effort of doing so 2 - How much time will it be wasted to fix minifiers (that is, add to them the intricacies of no-semi colon parsing and probably having to write a whole different parser) 3 - How much mental effort is needed to comprehend and correctly fix non semicolon code Number 3 is the biggest issue and if you don't believe me it goes by another name: coding standard Yes, JS works without semicolons. And yes, C works without indenting, without meaningful names to variables, etc. It's not about "to write JS you should know all the nitty-gritty rules of the language and you're stupid if you don't know them so you just add semicolons". It's about teamwork, and facilitating code comprehension (and maintenance). And language designers make mistakes. They don't know if a feature is going to become a trap, irrelevant to 99% of developers (and with an easy workaround) or just a pain in the behind. Well, everybody is going to have some amount of nostalgia, for better or worse. Especially from things that relate to childhood/teen years. Not only on the internet space, but "80's/90's parties", reliving the experiences, etc. In a sense, it's very important. The 70's, the 80's and the 90's have been a period of extreme experimentation and learning in culture and technology. In music, cinema, computers, technology, etc The appeal of this era, I believe, comes from the limitations and the 'quirkiness' of things evolving. See how 8-bit limitations have created a culture and a aesthetics of its own. Games don't need MIDI music anymore, resolution is not a limiting factor and we can get almost picture perfect images in real time. How games were designed on the Apple II has its relevance, in both cultural and technical terms. The main point of the 'internet culture' is facilitating the storage and sharing of these old contents. In a culture preservation sense this is very important. How much money is spent by studios to conserve a copy of their old movies. Try playing the old VHS tapes in your (or your parents) basement. Oh you don't have a VCR anymore?! Storing them in YT (or in a digital format) and sharing can preserve the cultural value of the content. There are 2 issues there 1 - yes, screens are huge, but it doesn't mean people can/will use small fonts or will scroll the screen With today's big/wide screens it's more useful to have code side by side. 2 - Abuse. The 80 character limit is a pretty good indicator that you should be doing something else instead of having your code go over 80 characters. Long lines are confusing, and you most likely can split the logic in several lines, facilitating maintenance. Yeah I used to prefer tabs as well, and I still stand by it. But you can always configure your editor to use 4 spaces. And 4 spaces looks like 'less wasted space'. I'll keep using tabs for some things, and 4 spaces to most professional projects. About 2 spaces I'll just say one thing: NO Oops! You're absolutely right! I just 'forgot' about The Beatles, The Rolling Stones and Bob Dylan (amongst others) As having gone to engineering school, I agree with you. But the main issue is that most technical courses are given by people with a strong foothold in academia (and a lack of knowledge of "the outside world") Good teachers go a long way, you have to be aware of the issues to realize they're happening once in the "real world". You have to know the technical aspecsts, but if you restrict yourself to that, you'll spend your life in Dilbert's world unable to change things. And when it's your turn to lead, you'll do exactly the same as your boss did. This list is very important, and the most amazing thing is how many people don't know 10% of it, even in companies! I suppose the issue is slightly deeper than "users want to see their movies without letterboxing" Sure, you could simply slap any resolution in a PC monitor. But if you keep the aspect rate constant across devices, you can easily change displays. Why? Example: 2nd monitor, and especially the big screen TVs that are being used in place of projectors nowadays. Funny that the 13' MacBooks (Pro/Air) still have a 1.6 (16:10) ratio, and the 11' has a 16:9 ratio Amazing! At first I thought it was something even lower-level (that is, a true magnetic scanner that didn't depend on existing disk drives - there are solutions like that for shattered HD plates and disks, but I'm assuming it's very expensive) But I don't know much about floppy drives to say what are the limitations of using a standard floppy reader. Actually the main issue is: Sure, you can run an Amazon EC2 machine 24/7 (and get a 'competitive price') But if that's your main usage pattern, go for Rackspace, Linode, etc EC2 really shines on 'on demand' computing. Turning it up to 11 when you need it and decomissioning it soon after. Sure, it's usual to keep 1 or 2 machines working full time. Whereas in Rackspace what you do is start a machine (you can pick from several configs) and have it running permanently. And AWS offer several services that are still sometimes missing from the competition (like CloudFront, Route53, etc) Beautiful! It's very difficult to assemble a circuit without a substract (PCB or other), and those wires aren't going to stay straight by themselves. The shining capacitors are a special touch (I guess he removed the plastic cover on them) I'm not sure about the sound quality though. Not really. A headphone (even a big one) uses little power. For this amp, output power is around 200mW apparently. Sure, acrylic is not the best conductor of heat around, but I'm guessing the tight coupling to the chip casing and low power makes it a non issue. I see one exception to this rule, and it's something very specific. If you're dealing with a very specific knowledge or domain and you're an expert in that field, I guess you could be a "technical non-coder" For example: healthcare/medical, economy, statistics, etc Some of those can work their way around Matlab for example, but not create something on the web Of course. Concorde was shut down for economic reasons. But it was also the first interaction of the concept, and built with very inefficient technology. The Space Shuttle flew for the first time 5 years after Concorde began commercial service. How many improvements have we seen in commercial aviation technology: better engines, better aerodynamics (and CFD), lighter materials, fly-by-wire If a new SST is ever designed it will probably sill be inefficient, but ahead of the original Concorde. You probably wouldn't need it to go Mach 2 for example, maybe Mach 1.5 saves enough time on a trip to justify it. Not to mention the issue that Concorde had Economy class seats with First class price. This I haven't tried ML yet. My MBP is brand new (bought in January 2012), factory configuration (4GB RAM, Lion) If you use it 'lightly' (that is, only Safari open) it's a breeze. But of course, it's never only that if you want to do any work. Frankly, 4 GB should be enough! My past machine (with 3GB - and Linux) would rarely swap (in fact I could keep swap off and use a Windows 7 VM) But you can go only so far with an aging CPU Some of the slowness can be attributed to Safari/Firefox, sure But it really seems to have something wrong. Maybe they really neglected people with spinning disks. (Yes, I considered buying a MacBook Air but 128Gb was not enough for me and the other options were above my budget) I think there's an exageration as well, today the trend seems to be "use nothing by the distro" Ok, sure, MongoDB still changes a lot between versions, in this case you should use the latest version. But stop there. Especially if you're paying for support (like RHEL) There should be a good reason for you to compile Apache / MySQL / PostgreSQL / Python. Otherwise, use the distro version. One (common) exception would be "we need Python 2.7 but this ships only 2.6" Most of the "just download and compile" have no idea of the work that goes behind Linux distributions to ship these packages. Yes, I'm sure you're going to read all security advisories and recompile all your stack every X days instead of running apt/yum upgrade You're right, sorry about that ;) Guess I was thinking too much about the "compile everything" people. Great article, btw! Humm... no Profitability is more important. There are examples to the contrary (Tumblr, Pinterest, Instagram, etc) but if you're profitable this means you are providing a worthy service (unless you're in the 'Nigerian Prince' business), and people are willing to pay you! Never underestimate the power of people actually paying you. A cutoff is good, but a triggered alarm would go a long way. For example in Linode you can configure trigger conditions for CPU (triggers in x% cpu for y time) and Network usage (there are other conditions as well) Very useful for flagging suspicious activity (or just plain accidents) >> The heavy regulation is not preventing competition. The heavy regulation is just providing a minimum base for that competition. >> The problem is with the utterly broken system of US healthcare. These are not uncorrelated. They are heavily correlated. Sure you can do everything by the book, and then you end up with $4000 or more for a SIMPLE thing. And of course, people can say "lawyers ruin everything", but I'd like to add "crybaby patients ruin everything" as well. Because if the manufacturer of the machine allows configuration you can be certain someone, if the machine asks for 1+1 they will type 3 and die as a result. >> It was, however, strange to need a prescription to buy a machine Well, people need a prescription for glasses, so not that strange afterall. I suppose if you know your prescription (only the values) they won't give you the glasses, it has to be a proper prescription This is not true for contact lenses You are required to present a prescription and give the doctor's name to buy online e.g. http://www.coastal.com/new-visitors.ep?ilid=lnav Also, the requirement of a prescription to buy glasses varies from country to country. AS3 is not Java, but rather Javascript http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/ActionScript#ActionScript_3.0 The S in SOAP is for Simple as the L in LDAP is for lightweight "Just feels like people with money are throwing it around" Also, there is this quote: "One of the areas of focus for their fund is cloud computing" So, it looks like EXACTLY that. They will probably end up with lots of "Pets.com 2.0" One thing that is quite easy to forget: A formula is a formula, it's a tool It does not crash markets, people who misuse it are the ones who cause trouble. More or less But I can have an accident with a gun. The gun is a physical, tangible instrument for delivering damage. You don't see people getting killed directly by formulas. Also, you are responsible for feeding the parameters in the formula. The formula doesn't interpret or act in the values it provided. This is very true What the "regulation fans" don't realize is that the bigger the company the more lawyers/accountants it can hire and work the cracks in the system. This is also valid in the case of Starbucks. Regulation is increased for a reason, and the only company that has the resources to comply with it is Starbucks. Regulation has to be simple, and in the case of transnational corporations, were country borders are mere a detail, increasing regulation will mean essentially nothing to the company and a loss of revenue to the country. Disagree "UTF-16 is the worst of both worlds—variable length and too wide" Really, the author tries to convince the reader, but it's not that clean cut. One of the advantages of UTF-16 is knowing right away it's UTF-16 as opposed to deciding if it's UTF-8/ASCII/other encoding. Sure, for transmission it's a waste of space (still, text for today's computer capabilities is a non issue even if using UTF-32) "It's not fixed width" But for most text, it is. Sure, you can do UTF-32 and it may not be a bad idea (today) Yes, Windows has to deal with several complications and with backwards compatibility, so it's a bag of hurt. Still, they went the right way (internally, it's unicode, period.) "in plain Windows edit control (until Vista), it takes two backspaces to delete a character which takes 4 bytes in UTF-16" If I'm not mistaken this is by design. The 4 byte characters is usually typed as a combination of characters, so if you want to change the last part of the combination you jut type one backspace. "Keeping large amounts of text data in memory as efficiently as possible is one of my greatest concerns" Depends on what you consider efficiency. If it's size, sure, store it using UTF-8. But if you're worried about speed, then UTF-16 or 32 may be the way to go, since you're dealing with data that fits a CPU register. For example, on ARM comparing one byte is much more work than comparing one 32-bit value. "True, so ignoring it means that your code will be correct ... most of the time." No, not going to ignore it! But on UTF-16 more code points match the UTF-16 encoding of it (easier for debugging) "First of all, if you don't know the encoding, then you don't know the encoding" True. But as you said, you have to know if it's BE or LE on UTF16. And there are ways to determine that automatically. (or it's on the same platform so it doesn't matter). With "ASCII compatible" codes, you can't. I guess the main issue to me is that UTF-16 is not "ASCII compatible" so you know it's a different beast altogether. And don't worry, I'm not assuming UTF-16 is fixed width. One should use the libraries and not try to solve this 'manually'. About UTF-32 think: CPU registers and operations. Working with bytes is inefficient (even with the benefit of smaller size). Correct There was once an article about a "songwriters auction" where songwriters would pitch their music to producers of famous singers. (sorry can't find it now) For most commercial pop music it's an assembly line really. Several stages specializing in one thing. McD ideas for McD music. Tastes the same as well. Good analogy There are several very competent musicians working 'as the band' for famous names or just playing in recording sessions. There's good money on that. Of course, most of them have their own band, do their gigs at night, usually just for fun (it most certainly does not pay the bills). Very interesting! So I guess this explains how Justin Bieber's 'Baby' has so many songwriters/composers. It's really an assembly line "I mean, sure it's ridiculous, but these tracks are made by people who are uniquely good at the ridiculous things they like doing. If they've found a way to get paid for that, my hat's off to them" Agree wholeheartedly. You jest, but there are a lot of similarities Of course, YC doesn't profit from very bad contestants, so there's one difference But if you see the progression of the candidates through the competition you can certainly draw several parallels. YC doesn't have a 'clear cut' winner as AI, still you know that there is a slight mismatch between 'winning the competition' and be 'market successful'. One rarely matches the other. And of course, the issues of focus, strategy, pressure are very similar among AI and YC. Some contestants start shining early on in the competition, some have perfect technique, but in the end, it only goes so far if it isn't a balance of competences. Makes sense, but yeah, VC as a Record Label is not really a good analogy Record Labels give much more support to their protégés, and "charge a higher fee" as well (VCs don't ask for 'creative control' of their startups as an example) Great experiments! Too bad most of them are really easy/for kids. The ones in this blog are a bit more high level (I didn't know the orange one). I remember "The Amateur Scientist" at SciAm, but those were really difficult experiments. (Of course I wanted to be like that when I "grew up") But I did my share of setting fire to things. Two words: microwave transformer (don't try this at home kids) I agree with the original poster "IF you assume that MITM-attacks are rare, you probably also assume that traffic snooping is rare (which is after all a form of a MITM-attack)" Well, no! You can snoop traffic without being the MITM (WiFi, local network snooping, etc). Snooping is much more easier. As you said, security is never perfect, and 'security implementers' less so. If the other part of the communication uses a self signed certificate (or signed by "Bob's SSL") well, I can try to convince them to change, but it will be hard. Sure, I'll never accept a self signed key from my bank or e-commerce, but there are several other uses. And when using APIs to connect to https you should be able to tell it to ignore the certificate, it doesn't matter, way more often than the opposite, unless you don't trust your ISP. Let me tell you (a bit from experience) It has to be low, but it shouldn't be too low! - Early adopters really don't mind paying more - If the app has some intrinsic corporate value it can be priced higher - Pricing "sets the tone" of the product For example, a regular user won't mind paying $1 compared to a $0.10 product. So charge $1 And think of how many copies you have to sell more at price X to profit like price Y. Suppose an exageration: price X is $1 and price Y is $100. Is selling at price X really 100 times more difficult than at price Y? Selling 5 units at Y price may be difficult but selling 500 units at price X may be harder You don't want to celebrate 1000 sales at $1, you're still starving at the end of the month. "In my experience, folks who pay A WHOLE NINETY NINE CENTS OF MY MONEY have very shockingly high expectations of polish / quality / feature selection (but no desire to e.g. read what the software actually does)" What you do? You shut them out. Not "remote disable them". But feature/support requests policy has to be simple. Either a user forum, FAQ, etc You should absolutely not waste your precious time with this kind of work. If they want a refund just give it to them (not sure how easy this is on App Store or others) Also, if this is so overwhelming, raise the price If they really want this so much they can pay 1.99 You don't need to ignore everything they say, but take it with a huge grain of salt. I'm guessing the JVMs have gone a long way on optimization (or maybe they're using JIT) Also not sure about how optimized are the C# sources in relation to the Java sources For example, in the Mandelbrot benchmark there are several differences - Java uses more arrays - C# and Java use different break conditions - Calculations are done differently (with similar results) Overall they're doing the same things, the C# is more like I remember it, so I'm guessing the Java code has some smart tricks up its sleeve True I agree, what it should say is: never log to the main database, create a DB especially for it (preferably in an entire different file system/disk/machine) And don't forget to set it to 'append only' So, here's the thing, and you can be guilty of this too! If you're too worried about the answers matching your little pop quiz, sorry, you're doing it wrong I know G needs the users to know what they ask, and their business stand on scalability, still There is so much more! The article is just one example where google fails (yes, it doesn't say it's google: it's google) And you solved it in O(n) where they want an O(n log n) solution?! What are they thinking of refusing this? You can be a specialist on several other technologies and techniques that are not asked in the interview it's not even funny. Discrete math, code optimization, machine learning (yeah, ok, Norvig is there, and they do that a lot, still), graphics rendering, etc, etc Couldn't think of a better analogy myself IMHO For SEO and UX the current scheme is good. So they should keep using it. But the problem is thinking that "we use REST so every darn resource on the site has to follow this pattern even though it makes no sense to use it" I don't think twitter is going to filter by user to see if it matches the url. The key for the tweet is the tweet_id and that's the key to their (hugely cached) DB According to Groklaw the jury has not indicated an issue with question 4, but rather with one of the 3 first Their (groklaw) quote is: "Judge Alsup tells them they don't have to reach agreement on question 4. That's just advice for him, because he has to decide that in the end. No, they tell him they are at an impasse on one of the first three questions on the form." These are actually very good odds "risk" is actually probability x payoff (for one event like a bet on throwing a dice) If it's bigger than 1, congratulations. In this case you would have something like Integral(payoff x probability,dprobability,0,1) (sorry about this syntax) For a real probability distribution, this means you have a 40% chance of breaking-off or do better The second issue is that your risk is (very) limited. It's cost of equipment + dev licence + cost of your time + 3rd parties It's not like the risk of cutting the wrong wire in a bomb about to go off. Most of the risk, I assure from experience, is not getting to the store in the first place. That is, not finishing the product, or coming up with something bad Yes, it's a rant. Why? Because probably the author is tired of explaining the same things over and over to the XML defenders Really JSON is better (and XML is crap) it's ridiculous, it's obvious, it's clear cut, and when people "don't get it" you start resorting to irony Like this: > Enclose the /element/ in matching delimiters, not the tag Let's compare them foo To json blah: foo 1 - size (json wins) 2 - matching. Here's an exercise, try splitting json with sed, and then try with XML. Sed is a good exercise, because it's limited to simple grammars, so it kind of gives an idea how much trouble it is to parse each one 3 - redundancy: what would mean if the line was foo This is a mistake, right? But I can assume the tag name is blah and the data is foo. This is a glaring redundancy in grammar, bound to cause trouble. Not to mention working with json data (like python) is natural compared to work with XML data. Popular != Better "Show me e.g. how a paragraph with a few embedded links is improved by translating to JSON." Even though HTML and XML are related, something like a web page is so ingrained that would be difficult to change And JSON was never a markup language The criticism of XML goes much more towards using it as a 'Key/Value' serialization format. But you could imagine something like that (commas and colons would have to be replaced in a 'JSON' markup language) {p: Read it on {href:news.ycombinator.com, a:Hacker News}} Size gains, parsing speed gains. RSS is not as clear cut, really, it's not a complicated structure, so it could be YAML for example "So maybe JSON is not always the right answer. Maybe it depends on what kind of data you want to express" XML has attributes, which I'm not against (unlike the article) and it has a more natural nesting of information. But for the majority of data, yes, JSON is better This is about coder productivity (which is increased with JSON it's not even funny), either in Python/Java (even with the whole swiss army knife of XML libs they have)/C# or others. Speed is also a issue. Encoding and decoding XML is slower, even with C speedups (example: Python lxml). And this is relevant for transformation of data or even sending it to the user. "Except that in JSON, strings need to be surrounded by double quotes" This is a funny limitation, since JSON came from Javascript and {a:1} is perfectly legal in Javascript "Why impose on human readers a syntactic requirement that only compilers/interpreters need?" Well, for human readers this can be bad, but <> can be bothersome as well. YAML could be a better choice (or something similar to JSON but with better syntax) This is an interesting issue blah is easier to 'see' than But in a big HTML you'll still be lost if you don't use indenting or a tool. At the end of the file you'll still have several close-tags one way or the other One way would be to rewrite this in an easier way (but less canonical). In math there are several ways of doing that, for example: Operator precedence and some defaults simplify, so you can write 3+2x(3+4) instead of (3+(2x(3+4))) But it would probably make things worse for a text markup language. Edit: changing asterisks for x It depends I've hired great people without having them write code. (Or at least, not in a whiteboard) Trust me, you can know a lot about a candidate without him or her writing a line of code (ok, maybe a line) My favorite question: "Tell me about a bug you once solved". That will tell you loads about the candidate Or ask him/her about the difference bewteen foldl and foldr But, really, I won't use FizzBuzz again "blah blah candidate has to write code" I won't use FizzBuzz Be creative people, FizzBuzz is easy, but it's boring. And it's a bad filter (from experience). Yes. Several people use it. Correct. Most mp3 players work that way But of course, in "corporate" they are going to require a "user friendly solution" It (was) usually a VB program done by people with no UX talent, on a budget an a short timeframe and with no testing as well. Also they make file copies take magically 3x as much time than copying using Windows explorer. Not to mention iTunes is a better solution, because it's your music library integrated with syncing. It's different for example than having one program to sync and another to listen. (Similar solutions like Amarok + iPod plugin work great as well) And therein lies the problem, in WSGI 99% of web sites are hosted in "shared hosting" services Now compare copying the .php files with configuring WSGI "No, but WSGI is easy blah blah blah" it doesn't beat copying files And no, settings WSGI is not easy Also, if you depend on IIS for example, PHP is almost plug'n'play WSGI on Windows is the definition of "bag of hurt". You can try fastcgi to run on windows, and then you find out flup needs socket.fromfd The easiest way, if it's your machine, run gunicorn or similar and just make Apache redirect the traffic. But in shared services it's still way too complicated. Can someone please explain to me why running native code coming from a web site is a good idea? Because I see this as "Google's ActiveX" Very interesting. The security features are very thorough. Of course, until someone finds a vulnerability, or a way through the validator, or an exploit on an abstracted function. Still, it's a good security model You can't have 'git' and 'easier' on the same phrase Or maybe you can: Hg is easier than Git Now, I don't hate git, I love git, but you're seriously overestimating the knowledge of most of the programmers. Git for lots of people feels like being thrown in a plane cockpit and asked to fly the darn thing. And this is seriously something Heroku needs to think about. Sure, for now, it's still mostly early adopters. But I really wouldn't like to tie my production servers to a specific VCS. Compare this with drag-and-drop of php files to their ftp server. I think shared hosts have already enabled FastCGI for all php files Something like this: http://test.fastcgi.com/drupal/node/5?q=node/10 At least the shared hosting I use (bluehost) has warned me they were enabling this. In 2007 Still, for most uses, CGI works fine. This serves as a lesson to startups as well Never offer something for a lifetime Even if the cost of supporting it "forever" is minimal (that is, the complete opposite of what AA has done) Things like GMail, for example. You may be tempted to do it. Don't Always put in your terms of use a provision of termination. Of course, be reasonable, for example, allow the user to backup the data given a reasonable timeframe (e.g. Google Health) Yes, if you go to eBay and order a couple of motivational posters this will only lower morale. Everybody will notice the BS But this is something different. It's what the company truly believes. Or do you see something not matching Apple's beliefe there? If you don't believe that, you certainly won't be a good fit. Now, RedHat can put a poster like "The Power is in the Community" and if you don't like or understand that you certainly won't be able to blend in. Even if you're management. Now, do you think Google could honestly put a poster "Don't be evil" today? Here's the question (which I sincerely don't know the answer) Do Apple offer stock options? Bonus per project? Other factors could be: what's the impact of having Apple in your CV? Getting to say you worked on project X ?(Apparently this is something Apple limits disclosure, still, if you're an cell phone engineer not a lot of projects you could work) Sacrificing your life for a company's profit looks like the job is only a physical process of "turning a money machine". And of course, I hate sacrificing weekends and holidays. Printf format is great, but there's an issue You're repeating yourself. Why? Because C can't know what types you are passing to it. So you have to explicitly do '%d' or '%s' to let printf know what this is. But yes, I think it's easier to type than {0} What to expect from a country that charges a TV license for blind people... Edit: do you think I'm kidding? http://www.tvlicensing.co.uk/easy-read/EA15/ "If you are registered blind or severely sight impaired you can get a TV Licence for half of the usual cost." "If they do then clearly they feel they are getting something out of it, so why should they get it free unlike everybody else?" The TV is a communications device. Sure, they can listen to the radio, but some things you get through tv that you don't get on the radio. This sounds like extreme pettiness by 'tv regulators' towards people with a severe handicap. Well, the price the rest of the world pay to watch TV is the cost of the equipment. Cable is opt-in, of course, but your TV is not a paperweight without it. Sure, you don't need a TV license if you only play videogames, but I'm sure you'll have a hard time convincing the auditors. Blind people surely benefit from television, and have a severe handicap, and that's the point. "Should they get cheaper broadband too?" Maybe, but they probably pay less since speed is not so important to them. I don't know, I think it's absurd to charge for an unencrypted, public Over The Air TV signal. Sure, it's an opt-in system, and it finances the BBC, etc. I'm sure the concept of not paying is as strange as the concept of paying for those who aren't accustomed to it. But the incremental cost of each receptor is insignificant, so IMHO there should be an incentive for blind people to have a television. "TV is opt in" sure, so is the radio, so is internet. But realistically, very few people don't have it. Today, with internet, the importance of the television is significantly diminished, but its communication power was important. Great! I think this is the video you mentioned: http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=8evnEqOVEns Comparison with the internet was only because the internet is a communication medium "likely to cause death or serious injury" No You don't know what parts they were, but I'm sure the repairer evaluated the situation. This is an extreme sheltering mentality An old product certainly does not conform to modern standarts, but it's reasonably safe (given you don't do anything stupid to it) Well, if the issue is a frayed cord, I agree, substitution, as you said, is cheap. But of course you could describe a cord as "frayed" but only because it's a little dirty, but the isolation is still in good shape Considering the damages from this "copying" amount to the price of a sandwich, I reckon google is not very worried if this is infringing. This is very true This is what people calling Instagram a $1B Django App don't get (and of course, it's Django + IOS) If you add nothing but technical skills, your pink slip is a matter of time. Unless of course, your technical skills are really up there (like: scalability, cryptography, special algorithms, etc) Correct But several execution details come from the idea guy Technical people can, of course, come up with execution details (this is not use RoR instead of node.js kind of details) It's one thing to have an "idea" like "Sell cat food on the internet". That's a dime a dozen The real idea that investors are looking for is all the nitty-gritty details on how selling cat food on the internet can be a good idea (is it customer acquisition? sales structure? pricing?) Yeah, I think you got the int 10h right (not sure I remember this as well) But then came VESA which was a little bit more complex and of course, screen sizes bigger than a segment (ouch) About audio, IMHO it's much easier now, dealing with those interrupt handlers and dma controllers wasn't easy. Of course, once the library worked it was ok. Yes But for that, data is needed and/or your estimate has to be better than the BS estimate If someone comes up with "The potential market for flamethrowers is $500Mi" you better have the ability to check this before someone gets burned "Really, the chip things are an example of security theater. Yes, they're more "secure" in the sense of being harder to defeat" Absolutely not! In the US fraud may be small (but it's increasing). But magnetic stripes are very unsafe Chip'n'Pin may have some issues, but it's much safer to most common attacks such as - card stripers (very inconspicuous) - physical theft of the card (because it requires a pin) And, as someone that had a striped card, it's a pain (even if liabilities are $0) "cost of replacing all the card reader infrastructure" I'm not sure how many PoS are already equipped to deal with chip cards. In the USA/Canada it's hit or miss (most misses), and in Europe it was the standard 10 years ago (but most readers take swipe cards). Replacing cards is cheap and they can be replaced as they expire What would be the upgrade cost for each PoS? $100? Some systems are more integrated than others (like card reader integrated with the register as one device) so this may cost more. Or maybe it's just a matter of issuing the cards to justify the stores to upgrade. Here's how I do it Cover the pad with one hand (and maybe your wallet) and type it with the other You can do it quite naturally. Of course it helps if you type the pin fast as well (by fast I mean not taking 1s per digit) "many violations of the C++ standard that GCC silently accepts" Or maybe it's C++ violations that are "commonplace" and would break several existing softwares. And herein lies the biggest hurdles with C++ Heavy templating and inheritance is the way to ensure your C++ program will be unmaintainable and not forward compatible with GCC (or other compilers) I've been in a similar situation where I spent a lot of time fixing compiler errors (on GCC 3.X if I'm not mistaken) that would be ignored on 2.X Yes I'm not sure how it works in Clang, but of course, GCC doesn't "see" macros, this is seen by the CPP (C pre processor) and GCC operates in C code only There's a flag (-E) that makes GCC output the preprocessed code and stop I think there should be a step 0 0. Get your CV out there So you can start some leads and if they ask for some weeks notice, you'll have something going (at least some leads) when you're no longer there I remember reading this some years ago (unless this is a new version) Dear C++ programmers: follow this! (with exceptions accordingly) There are real challenges there! Hence 21/76 (27.63%) True, but not most rules There are some limitations there relating to embedded systems (for example, they explicitly forbid the use of atoi because obviously you want to be sure of no undefined behavior while flying at Mach 2 at 20kft) For example, section 3 are very general good rules Av Rule 84/85 are very relevant as well (just an example) It's very easy to exaggerate when using C++ and hence some limits are needed. Or understand the URLs the page accesses, and make something similar for older browsers (if it's probably just a post with a badge number it's simple, if there is a login step it may be more difficult) Having said that I have to say I have absolutely no experience reverse engineering protocols used by clock systems and that I never did a Linux version of a Windows only system. Well, funny I know about people with no college education being interviewed at google You can blame google for having a broken interview process but it appears 99% of their assessment comes from the interview and it really doesn't matter if your major is in pet grooming or math Edit 'cause I can't answer: Not "friend of a friend" account, but directly from the concerned person '"99% of their assessment comes from the interview." Indeed, it's the very opposite since the interview is not where you show that you can |excel in multiple areas."' I don't believe you are familiar with the Google selection process. The importance of academic achievement (for engineering positions especially) is underrated by google. You may shine in academia, if you don't get almost a perfect score in the interview you're out. Correct And also medicine, biology, most of engineering, etc Sad, yeah. And of course, you can't learn medicine (and others) without actually examining people Would you trust a doctor that only learned on the internet to operate on you? I unfortunately have to agree wholeheartedly Sure, if you're doing a simple CMS, a simple system (even with Django Auth), Django ORM is fine If you have anything slightly complex (several relationships between models) watch it fall apart Actually, in real clothes it would be difficult to turn it inside out through a small tear Topologically possible, but with a physical constraint (or more likely, you increase the tear trying to do it) The tech of 1999 is certainly underestimated today Still, in 1999 I had a PII 333MHz and 10GB HD (and Windows 98, sigh) But reading about the history of Pixar, the difficulties (in the first Toy Story) involved the workflow of creating a full-feature film (apart from all the other problems they had) So I'm guessing, since Toy Story 2 was their 3rd feature film, things were still a bit raw (especially given their fast pace) What is underestimated is what one could do with it. Sure, 10GB fits in a usb stick today (or better, fits in a 3 year old one) And managing the amount of data was certainly a challenge. If you see the first Toy Story today you can think of that being rendered in real time by a modern graphic card easily. But still, they had what was available and managed to do all kinds of tricks Now see what they could do in 1984 http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=TYbPzyvResc Also, I'm not sure GM's marketing dept. is experienced in advertisement for online media Sure, it's easy to advertise on FB (or Google Ads). It's a whole different story to make it effective. Take Google AdWords. If you don't optimize your strategy you'll have a high CPC (cost per click), will probably pay for ineffective words. Also, there are changes you can do to your content (being advertised) that affect your CPC. La Defense is important (though not "technically" in Paris, but it's Paris Area) Let me add (compared to Berlin): Good connectivity to: London, Brussels (train) and other cities (CDG one of the biggest air hubs) Major companies are there: http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Economy_of_Paris#Fortune_Global... (Most of the big companies are there: fashion, banks, defense/big contractors (some), etc) They certainly aren't mom and pop but it doesn't mean they are up to date They may keep an old agency just for the sake of it, who may not be specialized in modern medias And they can hire the best people for internet marketing just to end with their campaigns not approved by GMs marketing department, having to get something conservative (hence, ineffective) I'm not talking about connectivity inside the town. But yes, there are some problems (eventually) Or you could just take a cab from CDG to Paris. But Paris has the Eurostar and Thales this means 1h15 from Paris (city center) to Brussels (city center) and +/- 2h20 to London (St Pancras station). Without having to go to a far-away airport and get there 1h before the flight. Berlin sure has lots of flights but it's not an Intl hub like LHR or CDG Ok, let's get back to the basics, because everybody looks like they lost it when they start discussing this "rich people don't create jobs, nor do businesses, large or small." Ok, where to start You can have "a job" essentially in two ways: - Being self-employed (doctor, lawyer, etc), or create your own company. This is usually the minority of people - Having a job at a company So, yes, companies create jobs, next Big companies create more jobs (per 'unit'). Smaller companies create less jobs (per 'unit') but combined they make more jobs in total. Companies create an opening because of: increased production (or more customers, in case of services), new line of business. This is ignoring regular turnaround where someone quits to go somewhere else and someone is hired to replace. Hence, new jobs comes from: - New products / services - More people consuming existing products (we could add loss of efficiency as well) Now, bigger companies have a much easier time hiring new people. HR is set and knows the drill, they usually can accomodate new people with their existing profits (maybe not a lot, still) Smaller companies have a much harder time hiring another people. Suppose you are a one man company, and you want to hire someone. You have to be HR (this cuts into your time). You may be not sure if adding this person is going to increase the profits enough to cover for the extra costs, etc So when you cut taxes to all companies, sure, you're helping the big guys, but also the small guys. The rich have an easier time dodging regulation or sending their profits to Ireland and back, but not the small guy "And taxing the rich to make investments that grow the middle class" (from the article) Yadda yadda yadda. You want to grow the middle class? Reduce taxing on them! But the government won't do it, because the middle class (still) has the most money available (amount of people x taxes payed by each one) and the least resources to avoid them.