Cost / Benefit ratios are a big part of economics. Historically the computer market has been a bit special because the payoffs of new technology were huge and simultaneously the cost of new technology sharply and steadily declined. If Apple's customers are not still seeing those big payoffs from new technology then it becomes a game of costs. Changing a product mix every few years has its own costs - as demand for new PCs drops, these costs become harder to justify for an OEM. It is totally possible that a 5- or 10- year refresh cycle keeps engineering and support costs down enough to be worthwhile if consumers accept the technology meets their needs. New technology will still make it to the end user here, but Apple is not going to do it at any cost - they are masters of profitability. Visually both are good enough. Moving a line is 1x mouse click and a wrist flick, Borders are more work than that. Grandparent is asserting a fact (that the US rich are probably the most historically meritous group of wealth individuals in history). It is not an intuitive fact, and it isn't presented with evidence. There are two big issues: * It is very hard to gut-feel wealth distribution (eg, http://marketrealist.com/2013/10/shutdown-101-perceived-weal... ). Identifying who the US rich requires more study of statistics than most people have time for - so this assertion is about a group that is difficult to identify. If most of the US rich were in fact living quietly on family wealth from a generation ago, how would this be identified? How do we verify that these 'rich people' are indeed meritorious? They might not be. * All of history is a very long time. Although the US is technologically the most advanced nation we have ever seen, to claim that it rewards the meritous more than any nation in history is probably wrong, and suggests grandparent isn't making a point based on careful thought. We have had democracy for more than 2,000 years, the US has only been around for ~300. We haven't yet found a decision making process that works better than democracy, and a lot of people have tried. At some point, someone has to evaluate how good or bad the decisions being made by the political apparatus are. Either that person is the average voter, or it is a minority group. If it is a minority group, they are in a position of extreme moral hazard to funnel societies resources to their benefit and lock out change. It is worth reflecting that, although a lot of people complain that people are 'voting for a slogan' or similar, there is evidence (mainly the outrageous success of democracies vs. non-democracies) that the average voter does actually have some idea what is going on. It is also a subtle and interesting fact that if a large group of people are voting essentially randomly, then they will cancel out. In this way, a person voting with no thought for policy will probably cancel out another person voting with little thought. A 52-48 type margin can mean that 96% of the population had no idea, and the 4% that knew what was going on voted unanimously in favour. The point being that a vote can be sliced up theoretically so that ignorant voters have less influence than might be expected - and again, the practice of democracies suggests this tends to happen more often than intuition suggests. Democracies throw out some cruel decisions, but that usually means the interests of the voters are being served rather than democracy failing. Singularity-style outcomes do seem unlikely, in the same way a lot of exponential threats stop being scary if they turned out to be logistic curves. That said, a key counter to the idea is that humans possesses very limited real control over how they are manufactured. Even if you had a solid idea how to make yourself smarter, it seems likely you wouldn't have the tools and potential to implement that idea in practice. Humans don't even control what their own minds respond to positively or negatively. Once something like a designed computer chip is involved, that changes. The intelligence can act on itself more readily and doesn't have millenia of calorie-conserving optimisations built in. The idea being that the companies that survive will be the ones that happen to have effective systems that incentivise law abiding behavior. What struck me looking at the AlphaGo papers was how human its algorithms were - it was basically doing what a highly orthadox human player would do (pick some moves that look interesting, read as deeply as possible) and then scaling up with a completely inhuman thoroughness and accuracy. At this stage, AI wins in competitive games simply will not impress me. From here it may simply be a tour of force showing the breadth of fields AI can dominate in. After that enthusiastic agreement; poker wins are evidence for the laypeople of something I suspect most people in AI research or game theory already know - a human bluffing isn't a magic advantage in a fair game. The AI can outperform on fundamentals. Indeed, have there been any deaths yet recorded as related to Fukushima? If Australia's power problem can be solved by two billionaires on twitter for $25 million, then it isn't anywhere near as problematic as I've been led to believe. There are enough problems with the grid that any solution needs to be discussed in the context of what problem is being solved. The latest I've seen ( https://www.aemo.com.au/-/media/Files/Gas/National_Planning_... ) suggests that there is a risk of not being able to produce enough at all, let alone keep the grid stable. My read of that report is that current "Aussie Power Woes" are the ageing generator infrastructure, not grid stabilisation which was a politically interesting but otherwise relatively minor hiccup a few months ago in South Australia. In addition to those two there are cost troubles brewing related to the cost of maintaining infrastructure for power (poles & cables), and energy prices are moving upwards. May or may not be related to generators capacity, I don't know. I would like to take this moment to vent, and wave at https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Global_catastrophic_risk . The argument that we need to do something about this waste beyond the timeframe of our civilisation is mind boggling to me. This is the only risk we seem to take this seriously - in no other arena can I recall people arguing about what something will look like in 10,000 years. What about war between America and China? >1% chance, massive potential for death and destruction. Who cares if some poor person digs into an old nuclear waste dump in 500 years compared to that? We can leave this problem to the future. If they have regressed so far that they can't detect nuclear then they have bigger problems than radiation poisoning. Threats to energy security are so much more of a threat than potentially maybe not being able to figure out how to reprocess spent fuel until it isn't a health hazard. If you regulate against selling potato chips at the market rate, a likely outcome is a shortage of potato chips. Grandparent didn't suggest a problem with protectionist regulations - simply that the regulation is the probable cause of the shortage. There is a link. Woah there! You've basically just claimed that the laws of supply and demand don't have an impact in the labour market. That requires more evidence than finding a link between pay and intrinsic motivation/job security. Nobody is going to turn down a flat wage hike - but the damage of government tax policy is it shrinks the window of "what the company will pay for" and "what the worker will work for". Now we can't measure this for sure, but theory tells us it is a very likely, if not practically certain, outcome. The issue is you won't see it, because companies will just not be offering some jobs because they experimented and couldn't offer them at a wage that interested workers. As a bonus, raises are a bit of an illusion. There is a huge amount of new money entering the system from somewhere (see https://www.federalreserve.gov/releases/h6/20170406/ , about 5% p.a. increase). Most wage rises in theory are to balance that out so that you have enough dollars to call on the same real resources for hours of your labour. Furious agreement that locks aren't a great analogy. I'd hazard that for most organisations locks are actually to remove temptation from employees; and the quality of the lock is largely irrelevant. A lock is only as good at stopping someone entering as the windows and doors are resistant to being removed. The advantages to locking something are: * There is evidence that the door was forced after the event * Very clear signaling of who is and isn't supposed to have access to a room. Unless serious money is spent, I would expect that locks are delaying access by a matter of maybe up to hours. If IT security were that poor, the world would look different. A better analogy would be spending the money on security guards. Currencies actually fail quite regularly (hints: Zimbabwe, Venezuela) - it makes a lot of sense to hold wealth in a form that will survive that. Maybe someone wants to claim that any individual country "will never" suffer from a currency crisis. I'll just point out that America went from Barack Obama to Donald Trump in one election then agree to disagree. Countries want an asset that can hold wealth through a crisis where the way things work radically changes. This asset needs to be: * As indestructible as possible * Easy to transport if an adversary is approaching (see also, European history :P) * Hard to create Gold satisfies these requirements really well; and as an added bonus it is nearly useless so hoarding it doesn't risk the real economy (see also; the US helium reserves and the risk to medical imaging or such when they run out). EDIT I'll add that the 'easy to transport' part is what makes this Fed-Bundesbank business so completely weird - this quantity of gold is physically quite small and should be easy to inspect and audit. Here is an argument for your consideration: Consider the concept of a business cluster, note that the city as a cluster is a reasonable idea [1]. Note that the population of Denmark does not break top 30 in a list of global cities [2]. Conclude that the country of Denmark, with its small geographic and demographic attributes, could specialise entirely in one high-margin economic area and further specialise their laws and social systems to that. Basically, 5 million people can be sustained by the excess wealth of a strong local cluster. 50 million people cannot be sustained by one strong cluster, and the different clusters may have different needs. I have no idea about Denmark, but if they /are/ clustered as a country around some high-tech industry, maybe the economically rational equilibrium to give out scholarships to support the local cluster? Maybe they are just nice people? A country with many clusters needs a one-size-fits-all legal and social system that works with all the clusters. The economic equilibriums may be different to a single cluster. [1] https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Business_cluster#By_type_of_co... [2] https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/List_of_largest_cities Cynicism comes into its own when that sort of money is involved. Practically it isn't possible to become build that sort of wealth without being super-aware of the financial outcomes of your decisions. It isn't safe to take someone at face value once they can buy a PR firm without blinking. He writes a seductive argument, but it isn't very satisfying to conclude "this language is so powerful that it defeats itself". Likely there are other, more mundane reasons why the theoretical purity of the lisps isn't useful in practice. For example, the endless (bracketing). My understanding is that the power of lisp macros comes from this questionable, but distinctively lispy, syntax. And I say questionable compared to natural human scripts - none of them work from inside to out. I've seen left to right (eg, English), right to left and up to down (eg, Chinese). If there were some better known examples of what lisp macros were good for then maybe it would get better traction. But lisp macros don't seem to have an example of why they are worth that trade. Also, in the early days, C was a pretty close mirror to the underlying code execution - there was probably less mental overhead to squeezing out better performance. So I hope we all agree that meaningless work is bad, and that if the clothing is going to end up in a dump anyway then the workers should be given their pay and then left to put their feet up. That situation is indefensible. But the argument about sweatshops is pretty settled: * These people are not stupid, they would not work in sweatshops if sweatshops weren't the best alternative available. * The existence of sweatshops doesn't, in any fundamental way, prevent the development of more advanced and dignified industry. Many industrial countries have a history of slavery (eg, America) and poor working conditions (eg, England) that they levered themselves out of. * Bootstrapping an economy starting with cheap, unpleasant labouring appears to have worked stupendously well for the Chinese. This idea of needing to protect nuclear waste for 10,000+ years is absurdist. Over this timescale there are threats that are just more dangerous [1]. What about conventional war over scare energy? That is a real threat. And this argument is assuming that the next 100 years have absolutely no advances to a science that didn't exist 150 years ago. I find that unlikely. [1] https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Global_catastrophic_risk The outcomes can be easily enumerated. If Sleeping Beauty always answers "Heads" she will be right 33% of the times she is asked. This is pretty close to the definition of a 33% chance. She hasn't been given new information by waking up, she also knows as she goes into the experiment - "most of the outcomes where I am being interviewed involve the coin toss coming up tails". Unlike dark matter, we can measure the money. Take the M2 monetary aggregate ( https://fred.stlouisfed.org/series/M2 ). Unless the US has doubled the amount of resources since the financial crisis, the value of the dollars should be reducing vs goods or assets, as the supply of dollars is increasing rapidly. Airplanes generally somewhat safer than driving. By quite a margin. Without consulting the literature, it just seems easy to believe that machine-like consistency 99.9% of the time is more important to safety than confusion in the 0.1%. > Are you suggesting these are bad things? As a local; yes it is a bad thing. I want cheap energy. Cheap access to energy is literally one of two things separating us from animals. The other thing is higher intelligence. There is room for an ideological debate on the meaning of good, but this is an outcome of regulation that the government didn't push for and that the votes would not choose if they had to tick a box. This gentleman needs to watch Feynman talking about the difference between maths and physics. Science is all about gathering evidence and the scientific method focuses very heavily on observation and testing . Basically, it is impossible to conduct science without data. Maths is data independent. More data or less data doesn't influence what maths is. Maths links the axiom and the result - once a result has been prooven to follow from an axiom, the data is irrelevant. No amount of observation or testing will change the value of Pi. https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=obCjODeoLVw You are referring to an as yet unsolved problem. The maths is as yet un-done! Sure, there is data that suggests it is probably true. The scientific can say there is enough data to be almost certain it is true and move on. The mathematical community cannot say for certain it is true because it is not yet prooven. Which is why they are still working on it. I would suggest that formulating conjectures based on data is specifically not maths. Some mathematicians start with data, and no doubt about it data is effective. But I'm specifically saying that that is employing a tool of the scientific community (see [1]) as a starting point before then proceeding to do some actual mathematical work. This distinction is why maths is often classified in the Arts rather than the sciences. But if you can point to a maths textbook that teaches someone "general theories" by printing 10,000 data points followed by a QED then I'd suggest it is a pretty extraordinary theory. [1] https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Scientific_method EDIT I'll throw in an example; a software consultant might be involved in invoicing for a project. The invoicing is still accounting work, even if it is being done for a software project. South Australia has a population of ~1.7 million. I'm reading this article as: * Battery ($140 million) * Gas Power Plant ($360 million) These costs are noticeable but not unreasonable. SA will hopefully turn a nominal profit, although the principle of 'if it were the profitable option, private enterprise would have done it' suggests this will be an economic drag at least in the short term. I suspect this move is a knee-jerk reaction to the power outage in 2016; so I am very interested in what the long term impacts of this are. I'm adding this to my watch list along with the German Energiewende to see where it is in 2020. It is a very interesting tour-of-force by Tesla and hopefully we discover positive things about large-scale lithium deployments. The argument boils down to this: 1) The economy is a system with some amount of money in it. 2) The money is measured (see; M2 [1]). 3) The amount of money appears to be increasing extremely quickly (exponentially, in fact). 4) The new money is not being expressed in wages. The government doesn't appear to be pushing it into the economy directly because they are taking on debt instead of printing money. If you accept this frame, then the follow up is that someone is being given a lot of money, and the question is why not change the rules so that the newly created money is given no-strings-attached to the government? [1] https://www.federalreserve.gov/RELEASES/h6/Current/default.h... I'll offer a point of clarification - and I do agree that the situation is a lot more complex than 4 dot points. That said; point 4 can stand if (wages growth + unemployment drop) I haven't checked it in America, but in Australia the M2 is growing at about 8% p.a. I'm confident assuming total wages aren't growing that fast, because it would be very visible on the ground (people getting jobs left right and centre). The new money being created is mostly going elsewhere vs wages. Speaking as a Debian user; so maybe not part of the majority, but the last problem that the world faces is not enough package managers. As far as I know, even Windows and MacOS have made moves towards implementing package managers AKA App Stores. I know iOS has it in spades. The Linux distributions have the problem of packet management figured out to their tastes. Having a _completely_ different extension/package paradigm for every major and minor piece of software is not a user-friendly approach. Very much agreeing with you in principle that punishing savers is a terrible idea. That being said, if bitcoin: * Isn't backed by government (participation is voluntary) * Is inherently delationary & encourages hoarding * Loses coins from the system due to accident (eg, people losing passwords) Then it follows that at some point we expect, say, plumbers to do actual work for someone who's contribution was that they were there buying bitcoin in 2015. It might be troublesome to get the plumbers buy-in to bitcoin specifically vs a new competitor where all participants are pulling their weight in the real world. Basically, deflation + a long memory makes a monetary system unattractive for people to buy into. EDIT: I'll point out that _so far_ bitcoin has been an inflationary currency from the point of view of number-of-coins created. That will change. It is great to see this issue (which is a pet one of mine) given fair context. I'm really glad to see someone juxtaposing: - "...the most serious nuclear accident since Chernobyl..." - "More than 18,500 people were killed ... when an earthquake triggered the massive tsunami ..." - "No-one died directly in the Fukushima disaster." Not that it isn't a disaster; just that the disaster, in context, wasn't the biggest deal that day. No worries. I see two separate disasters here, both linked. The first an absolutely devastating weather event that killed more people than live in my home town in it's entirety + caused massive damage, and secondly the Fukushima nuclear disaster (which seems to be treated separately in many cases, which the article is about and which my comment was directed at). In my experience, many people & journalists hold Fukushima up as a really bad disaster. I'm trying to communicate that I don't think that Fukushima was a disaster that warranted international coverage - the weather was. At an international scale, I don't think Fukushima is much worse than a near miss. I would be really interested to get an expert academic order of magnitude on how many people died in the evacuation due to the Fukushima disaster vs. the theoretical number of deaths if they had evacuated more slowly (say over 12 months). It frustrates me that the cost-benefits of the evacuation aren't a more prominent point of discussion. EDIT: Just for fun; I can't pretend I know anything about radiation or what the Japanese are up to; but on wiki I see things like "absolute increase in the risk of cancer(of all types) during their lifetime, of approximately 1% due to the accident" [1], " Life expectancy of the evacuees dropped from 65 to 58 years ... because of depression, alcoholism, and suicide" [2]. I'd like to know who I can turn to for an honest rundown of the risks, because the radiation doesn't seem that terrible. [1] https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Fukushima_Daiichi_nuclear_disa... [2] https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Japanese_reaction_to_Fukushima... Speaking as a clueless user; closed source plugins, sooner or later, go away. Which is pretty painful. In the interim, the big grief-causers are usually closed source plugins that crash the host. Open source plugins cause a lot less grief. Typically they don't have a feature I want. Often for legal reasons and not technical, or because a proprietary vendor is fighting back (eg; video patents the first case, Skype protocol the second). The linux kernel is an example how an open-source-only plugin system works technical wonders. A very interesting case study was graphics drivers circa 2005. The closed source drivers (essentially plugins) tethered the linux community to the technically obsolete X server; and would have crippled the kernel in a similar way if the kernel devs had accepted closed source plugins. Apple did wonders driving open standards on the web with the explicit acknowledgement that popular closed source plugins were too dangerous for their platform to implement [1]. The issue here is the one Stallman has been harping on since the dawn of time - closed source is unmaintainable in an extremely profound way. [1] https://www.apple.com/hotnews/thoughts-on-flash/ Technically, I'd suggest the answer is yes. But there isn't enough money involved to warrant regulation or for a tax department to do the diligence to collect. Valve paying corporate tax on the hat sales is good enough. Capitalism is indeed complex, and something I think gets missed in the popular perception is that capitalism depends completely on things like property rights and contract law. Basically, regulation and government is strictly required and the details of that regulation are always up for debate. That said, people who talk about 'evening the playing field' scare me. For starters, armchair analysts underestimate the amount of good done by greedy people in a well created market economy. For seconds, fairness is very expensive. And for thirds, people don't understand what the regulation of the current systems does. There is no need to pronounce capitalism doomed when it has such a track record of success. Adding to this - there seems to be a lack of observable damage from nuclear accidents apart from self-imposed evacuations. Literally no-one died at Fukushima. It is the only energy disaster I know of where no-one ended up dead. This is strong circumstantial evidence that we are being too safe, because we implicitly accept a few deaths when things go wrong in, eg, coal (pollution & extraction deaths), solar ( mainly in installations not in operating), hydro (big-time risks). Going from 1 death to 0 deaths on this scale is a huge marginal cost. It almost certainly outweights the benefits. EDIT: We haven't had a solar disaster yet, but coal & hydro disasters happen and can be very bad indeed. Where are you sourcing these numbers from? The WHO says "up to 4000 people could eventually die of radiation exposure from the Chernobyl". I also have a new quote for nuclear talks: > Alongside radiation-induced deaths and diseases, the report labels the mental health impact of Chernobyl as “the largest public health problem created by the accident” and partially attributes this damaging psychological impact to a lack of accurate information. http://www.who.int/mediacentre/news/releases/2005/pr38/en/ I always wonder how these sort of things square away with Jeveron's Paradox [1]. To me, a stable energy/capita isn't prima-facie evidence that they are more efficient! It suggests prices are higher than they should be. I dunno, maybe I've misunderstood what energy efficiency is. [1] https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Jevons_paradox EDIT: http://www.electricitylocal.com/states/california/ & using electricity price as an energy price proxy - average residential use is ~30% reduced vs national average, and rate is ~30% higher. I'd believe the "Rosenfeld Effect" is the key to per-capita use if it is the factor keeping these costs relatively high. He didn't say that - he said "Being emotionally unengaged helps us better reason about the facts". That might be wrong. I think using emotions as a guide reason can work, sometimes very well. It doesn't link anything to women - women can be disengaged and men can be emotional in the ordinary course of their day. The response to the memo is very frustrating to me; I suspect the original author wanted to start a conversation that involved Simpson's Paradox and got a response where people typed him as a misogynist. This incident seems like evidence that attempting a statistics based discussion about gender programs is dangerous - if you are wrong in your interpretation & work at Google you will be fired rather than have your mistakes explained. EDIT for clarity: not that the memo mentioned Simpson's Paradox at all, but that paradox illuminates serious risk around interpreting clear-seeming evidence. I think that those style of risks where were the original author wanted to push discussion. Are you sure that is a nuclear plant? It looks like coal to me. The big thick columns are water vapour - you are right there, but the tall thin exhausts are for carbon. They don't look like they are being used, but they are (they often don't produce anything visible even when they are running at a fair clip). But to do that they have to consider and then discriminate using the gender of their applicants. The position in your example seems to be that two wrongs make a right - discrimination favored men at some point and so discriminating against men in the hiring practice is reasonable. I strongly disagree with that position - as far as is possible that conversation has been had and settled; companies shouldn't be discriminating on gender. I dunno what the law in California is but my stance is that discriminating on gender should be illegal. Even if the people doing the discriminating might feel they have a moral right to it :P. Actually, in the US it is approximately 1 in 250,000 /assuming independence which is a bit of an assumption/. Obviously, nature doesn't know what a year is so it is totally possible that big storms come in batches. Assuming 1 in 500 year floods are independent, note the ~300 cities in the US [0]. The fact that Huston is a big city doesn't seem relevant to me, because the storm doesn't care. Much like picking a specific number plate, it had to land somewhere. The chance of there being a city in the US which has a 1 in 500 year flood is therefore 60% (300/500) each year. The chance of that city having another flood of similar magnitude in Year 2 is 1/500, because the odds are independent and we started monitoring the city in Year 1. The chance of it flooding again the third year brings the odds down to 1/(500 * 500) = 1 in 250,000. [0] https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/List_of_United_States_cities_b... We've entered fuzzy-definition territory; but I'd say it is a stretch of the language to imply Wildberger is a crank. Which you have now done twice with no references. He is unorthadox in his pushing of rational numbers, sure, but he gets through an extremely large amount of maths correctly. It is well within his job domain reflect on odd academic questions about what happens outside the world of human measurement. Just for fun; I recorded a macro in LibreOffice Basic that sets the text in a cell. This is a sample: dispatcher = createUnoService("com.sun.star.frame.DispatchHelper") dim args1(0) as new com.sun.star.beans.PropertyValue args1(0).Name = "ToPoint" args1(0).Value = "$C$7" dispatcher.executeDispatch(document, ".uno:GoToCell", "", 0, args1()) That first line is confusing and obsolete. Sun doesn't exist any more, it is two generations of branding from being StarOffice, and good luck figuring out why the service is named after a card game. Even a programmer isn't going to figure all that out without knowing the history of the project. Now in MS Office I'm pretty sure this would be something like ActiveSheet.Cells(1, 5) = "foo". There is nearly no discovery for the LO Basic equivalent 'sheet.getCellByPosition(3,16) = "foo"'. It really is worlds apart. I don't see how a moderately sophisticated user can learn to write LO macros without finding a reference manual and investing hours orienting themselves. I've seen people teach themselves to a useful standard using MS Office macro recordings. EDIT More importantly, a novice wouldn't necessarily understand that the recorded macro isn't the accepted way to select a cell. Even realising that a cell can be selected with one line is hindered by the LO macro recording. This doesn't quite go to the substance of your question; but it is relevant. At this point the US debt is pretty staggering at both a personal and national level. The 'average Joe' is, by the numbers, consuming more than they are producing. There are two ways this can be sustainable: 1) Transfer from economically productive to economically unproductive individuals 2) Net economic consumers become net economic producers. In practice, this would almost certainly look like spending less and investing more. The argument of my grandparent seems to be that incentivising the _reverse_ of (2), ie net producers to become net consumers, is a terrible idea that will make the fundamentals of the problem worse. That argument is good as a matter of principle. It is particularly relevant in the current context of America. The uncomplicate family of libraries look really great. The fellow behind them clearly knows what he is doing. I tried to get uncomplicate.neanderthal working because I was impressed by it, but eventually was scared off by the Intel MKL dependency. I'll get it all working properly some day after sinking enough hours; but I really wish there was a pure java-CPU implementation so it was a bit easier to ease into the functional mindset and prototype algorithms, learn the concepts and clear out my misunderstandings regarding how the logic fits together. I lost an afternoon to finding downloaders, reading license conditions, shell scripts, and debugging path issues when what I wanted to be doing was learning to use a new API. Basically, I think uncomplicate is great, but the library dependencies are a bit unfriendly for the novice to low-skill data scientist new to Clojure. EDIT The competition was "import numpy as np" to start learning how to do linear algebra work in Python. Is there anything here to be debated? The article quotes starting salaries that appear to be lower than for a bus driver (1) which to my view is a similar job; albeit probably with lower training requirements. It doesn't seem surprising that there is a pilot shortage. Possibly employers need to pay more and train more pilots. [1] https://money.usnews.com/careers/best-jobs/bus-driver/salary It isn't that uncommon for bad ideas to take root and influence decision making. And I'd say the core thesis of the article is that a bad idea has taken root ('inconsistencies and gaps in the accusation can be ignored because rape is terrible'). That doesn't seem interesting to me. But what is fascinating is considering the difficulties that have to be worked through to organise a rational argument in favour, essentially, of tightening the standards applied to potential rape victims. I'll show my colours and say that after the James Damore business, it wouldn't be a shock if the university fired anyone who made the arguments in this article couched in anything but the most mild terms. They are even less convenient for lending a phone to a friend or relative though. These features are change; not a straight improvement. They have different pros and cons compared to a passcode. The official line is that inflation is low; but as far as I see the amount of money in the American economy, which I put at, eg, ~7% in the last 12 months of the M1 [1], appears to be growing faster than the inflation rate which is what, ~2-3%? If this isn't being measured as 'inflation', it makes me ask why inflation is the key measure. The amount of new money is pretty substantial. [1] https://fred.stlouisfed.org/series/M1SL Hi, I turn up in these discussions to represent the hard money advocates. In practice you might well be right about velocity, but there is no "the money" of which 90% is lent out. America & most other countries use fractional reserve banking. A pretty reasonable interpretation of this is that making a loan is nearly equivalent to creating the money needed to make the loan. All the existing money that can be lent that exists is, in fact, currently lent out. I've seen this happen in other industry (I'm thinking mining for ore). The evidence was pretty solid that safety standards in the workplace are considerably higher than at home. Even relative to other industries performance was good. This is only opinion, but I thought: 1) This was a good state to be in 2) It was bought on by ignorance of lay people and politicians who didn't understand relative risk 3) The situation reflected well on our political system functioning well without being very logical It drives me crazy that we hold nuclear to a higher standard again even though the cost/benefit ratio appears to be better than many other industrial and non-industrial activities (eg, driving cars, using coal). People will cheerfully say 'but nuclear ... causes X', but rarely compare that with the benefits that were bought for X. But that argument goes all the way down the value chain. You'll end up with something like food production > transport > tech. The chain can be as long as you feel too. It is a radical proposition that a farm day laborer adds more value than an elite tech worker because 'the system would stop without food'. The value add is controlled by the person who decides what "value add" is. That is the executive, original product designers and customers (who may well be represented by marketing in some businesses, I dunno). It would be even easier if a 'basic living standard' could be established. Something measured in terms like quantity of food & size of housing. Money & markets are a fantastic system for taking the limited resources we have as a society and splitting them up. We haven't found a system that is more effective at increasing the average living standard. Basic income screws around with some fundamental structures of the markets. It would be easier to reason about if we knew what resources were being guaranteed by the government back in the real world. It happens that physics cannot be legislated into existence; so we will need some planning to be done to make sure that the spirit of the law can be identified and met practically. From a super-simple perspective, a community that grows exponentially _will_ eventually have very few resources per head. If, as a starting point, someone believes the population is growing exponentially then they likely also believe it doesn't matter if they try to be selfish or not. There will be a lot of people with limited resources and that is probably going to reduce their quality of life. Now there are a lot of issues with this view and the actual reality might favour anything, but I don't think the average selfish or selfless person has thought about them. So I'm pretty happy to excuse both until I see arguments with more facts than 'I think' or implicit 'selfishness is bad it sounds unfriendly'. That was a pleasure to read. Pushing the politics to one side; there is a call here to use words correctly and to use clear and unambiguous descriptions. That is a coherent and entirely reasonable expectation on any political dialog. Doubly rewarding was that the writing style, while not pro-Trump, avoids the bile and hysteria that has been common since the last American election. Limiting criticism to unclear language does the author a lot of credit. Limited changes are needed to apply this article to many political statements. Trumps pronouncements are particularly entertaining examples though. His speech can make it so clear that he isn't using specific facts. Watching his opponents trying to deal with something so audacious can be very entertaining. Quick disclaimer; I'm pretty close to being a hard money advocate. I agree, and sympathise profoundly with the 'like I'm crazy' part. I sometimes feel like a madman for not holding personal and mortgage debts. We have a system that is set up based on exponential functions; and we know that most people will intuit linear. It is very frustrating watching friends people take up a position on the wrong side of an exponential function because they live in the here and now. Doubly so trying that they don't realise how big a financial gap they are creating to where they could be. I flat out don't believe that most (ordinary, no maths training) people taking on debt understand whether they are making a good or bad decision. If they make a good call, it is luck. To add to your excellent point; it takes 10-20 years to fully train a human from useless baby to fully functional. And that time is filled with days of continuous exposure to data. There is no problem domain that humans have been shown to hold an unshakable advantage. I used to be able to say Go but that is no longer even a little bit true. It could well just be time and data from here. A SC:BW bot will have the ability to be perfectly aware of every unit in vision at all times. It wouldn't be a suprise if some research team could put out a bot achieving superhuman victories purely by out-microing an opponent with minimal strategic choices. This isn't prisoner's dilemma though - everyone has a full ability to communicate with each other. That breaks a pretty basic assumption. To stretch your analogy, you are playing prisoners dilemma with someone who is swearing he will snitch, has a lawyer who is saying "my client will cooperate fully with the police" and who has signed a document explaining the facts. The idea of the NSA working with a major components supplier isn't an extraordinary claim. Intel will have a major presence in all sorts data centers of interest to the NSA. If I were an American and believed in what the NSA was doing, I'd want to know what they were doing with their budget if they didn't at least try to get a hardware back door into Intel CPUs. Why waste budget on finding exploits in patchable software when they can go straight to the silicon? Joules Consumed / Head would be a harder-to-calculate but also much more interesting measure than GDP. It would also make it easier to talk about the uncertainty in the estimates, still capture food, transport and shelter to some degree. People have very limited amount of time to learn new things; and the scope of human knowledge is vast beyond any individual's ability to test even a meaningful subset of it empirically. Because of this, science is disseminated in the same way as religion, political action, superstition and gossip - an authority figure says something, and we take it as true. No differences. Same mechanism for all knowledge, correct or spurious. Society has special mechanisms for science to be tested against reality every so often (especially through the PHD system of selecting authority figures). Knowledge from a 'scientific' authority is more likely to be based on objective fact than anything else. However, there is still massive scope for error, especially in what the public believes if something is mis-identified as a scientific fact. I'm thinking things like dietary science. The public perception on what the science says seems to be somewhat malleable. Are you suggesting that a government, having regulated against specific capable farmer running farms, should raise taxes to colossal levels if they observe food shortages? I suspect you want to rephrase your comment. That argument seems to have a non-sequitur in it. The Go community learned to understand that the margin of victory is meaningless along time ago. The most famous game of Honinbo Dosaku, a famous Go player from the late 1600s, is arguably a game where he gave a handicap to his opponent and lost by one point. Lee Chang-Ho, who was the reigning champion in the late 90s, had a style that consistently tried to win by small margins. AlphaGo now appears to be better than humans in all aspects of gameplay, and it better at calculating very thin margins of probability that a human cannot. This is not unique to any individual aspect of its gameplay; against humans it can also win by huge margins depending on what mistakes the human makes. At this point, there is no evidence that the limiting factor in these cases is AI/software. The limiting factor with the neighbors cat is the robotics of having a robust body and arm attachment. We know that the scope of current AI can: 1) Identify a request to feed a cat 2) Identify the cat, cat food and cat's bowl from camera data 3) Navigate an open space like a house Being able to clean an arbitrary building is also more the challenge of building the robot than the AI identifying garbage on a floor or how to sweep something. It is not clear there are hard theoretical limits on an AI any more. There are economic limits based on the cost of a programmer's attention. There are lots of hardware limits (including processor power). Pay attention to the 2nd dot point under known issues. This release uses Wayland, and that has profound implications for screenshot, streaming and remote desktop-ing. The Wayland protocol apparently made some bold decisions to enforce security through isolation, and apart from the compositor it is all but impossible for anything to sneak a peak at what other programs are doing visually. It'll be interesting to see if that causes users a problem. We had an article on the Kelly criterion just the other day that handily refutes your point. Even if bitcoin is certain to crash, without a deep understanding of when (and by extension, how) a naive futures trader still runs a good chance of being eaten alive, or making poor returns. Stating bitcoin will crash is a bit like the conventional wisdom that smoking is bad for your health. One can reasonably be very confident in the truth of it without being confident in specific odds on any bad outcome. In fairness to Hadley, his tidyverse reshapes the R language from a horrible artifact of the 80s into a useable semi-modern environment. I don't think there are that many statisticians who were up to the challenge. My experience integrating his work was feeling 30 odd years of programming improvements hitting my workflow. He deserves great praise for that service. There are some caveats on 'rent seeking' that mean it has quite a small impact. Technically, rent seeking comes up in situations where a private individual is capturing the value created through, eg, public infrastructure. The public can take this value for themselves through a land tax. The profit made from maintaining a productive asset isn't considered 'rent'. So, for example, renting out a house is not necessarily rent seeking behavior (!!) because the landlord is maintaining the house. The rent-seeking part is when the rent is raised because a new local train station opens. In this slightly technical instance, eliminating rent seeking, by definition, is likely to reduce the income to the those who are not adding any value. The behavior that is dis-incentivised was, again by deffinition, never economically productive. Economically productive investment (ie, capitalism) is supposedly untouched. Investors and retirees have to reallocate their investments into productive ventures instead of rent seeking, hopefully at no loss to their income. The theory and practice might not be the same thing, I'm no economist. There is a slightly more subtle point to be made here. Politics is too complicated to generalise, but here is the kernel of the idea for others to mull on. In my view, the part of the government most mobilised to deal with climate change is likely to be aligned to the (hopefully small number of) political actors comfortable with the idea of people getting less energy/more expensive energy/no growth in available energy. I don't want these people in the seat of power under any circumstances. They have views that are a direct threat to my comfort and standard of living. Cheap energy should always be a priority. EDIT Just for reference, focusing only on electricity and ignoring the broader energy market, I have read that South Australia (where Elon Musk is building his big battery) is competitive for world's highest electricity prices. The German energiewende has driven them to top 2 or 3 in Europe for prices paid by consumers. France, who has some of the cheapest and cleanest electricity in the world, runs nuclear. Ironically, in Australia, the most pro-nuclear party is also the anti-climate-change party. There are so many factors here that it is difficult to assess the article. The key for me, which doesn't seem to be discussed, is asking why did the doctors opt for a slower procedure? If they have a financial incentive to keep the patient in the operating theater for longer, that is a problem and needs to be addressed. If they are slowly learning a new technique (as the article seems to be hinting) that is normal but interesting. If they are using a more precise technique to bring complicated cases up to the average outcome, that is praiseworthy and should be lauded. This article is interesting regardless, but there isn't enough in it to draw a conclusion. The claim that Econ 101 does not apply to the labour market is a pretty extreme claim. If the studies aren't showing a consensus, I'm betting on Econ 101. Note that below, jasode has pointed out that the 1994 Card & Krueger study was based on phone surveys rather than payroll data. There is some real and interesting debate on the question of should the cost of minimum living standards be borne by companies (through the minimum wage) or governments (through straight welfare). I'd love to see a compromise where it was still economic to do low-value work that is currently not done due to minimum wages. You hit a nerve there. 1) The economy is everyone's business, especially when governments get involved. It is better for us all if things are discussed publicly, politely and with all views available (albeit, potentially rebutted). 2) Arguing that something that looks like a reasonably competitive market is not a reasonably competitive market is an extreme claim. Low-wage labour might not be a competitive market, but the evidence bar for showing that is still high. 3) Your article is a good read, but it has 2 bits of data that I'm already happy to agree with: 3.a) There is more going on with immigration than supply and demand; skills transfer is a big deal and I would expect migrants to have more gumption because they have shown some initiative migrating. 3.b) Raising the minimum wage obviously doesn't always have a "big immediate negative impact". The magnitude of the negative impact might be fast, slow, big or small based on how carefully the minimum wage is set. But the politics of minimum wages don't look like they are being imposed on the basis of a straightfoward economic case. They are being set first by politicians, justified second by some economists. But in practical terms, aren't human drivers basically simulating little trains running on analog tracks with collision avoidance systems? The obvious solution in this case is to get rid of the human driver of the truck that collided with the autonomous vehicle, because he was demonstrating behavior that wasn't intelligent. I have a favorite article on voting [1]. It has good visual descriptions of how different systems favour different styles of candidates. Plurality voting is a lot better than not having a democracy; imho at least the worst candidate will be excluded. My understanding is also that democracies of any form (including republics) tend to get much better military results than dictatorships, but I don't have any actual evidence to cite :(. [1] http://zesty.ca/voting/sim/ I need no convincing that decisions get made based on tax rates. However, I call "correlation is not causation" on this particular article. It is highly possible that tax increases and migration are both linked to some third variable ('local conditions') and the /Testing the validity of the results/ section of the article does not convince me that this possibility has been ruled out. Establishing why there is a link here requires more information. I have observed that governments hate raising taxes because it upsets voters. In practice, resistance to raising debt takes a back seat to upsetting voters. If a government is raising taxes, in my experience, the economy is struggling and making up the government budget with debt isn't an option (for whatever reason). It is possible that rate of tax follows a similar principle where prosperous regions need a lower rate to achieve a better result. Yeah, but that isn't actually very strong causative evidence. If there is a confounding variable, maybe upending a scientists life and moving states takes longer than than the legislature raising the tax rate. Maybe the tax change compounds the impact of another variable and is followed by their relocation (ie, the tax change contributes to the decision, but isn't the root cause). The point is, "A causes B" is a much stronger statement than "A and B are related". There is solid evidence of a relationship, because the core of their study is a statistical test of correlation. The causative elements here are of a speculative nature, because they didn't gather any data on cause. Cause is being extrapolated from a correlation, which is dangerous thinking. The conclusion here is a good one to be circumspect about. No accountant, but here is an explanation: Say I open a sauna in a desert. Probably not going to pay any rent, probably not going to make any money. Under zaroth's suggested way of looking at the situation this something like $0 debt, $0 asset. Say I open a sauna in a luxurious ski resort. Now maybe I have some huge 'debt' of rent * lease lifetime; but I also have a productive asset worth some hopefully large (the right to put the sauna somewhere it will get customers). If we only account for the debt only, we are at some level asserting that opening the sauna in the desert was a better bet because the rent is lower. This is clearly stupid, the rent is half of a transaction where we are claiming value. If the business owner puts the upcoming lease payments on their books as a liability, then to keep the picture clear they should also be adding a productive asset to the books that represents their valuable location. If they are operating a rational business, it is likely that the asset added is equal to or greater than the liability. This isn't mixing debt and value. The core point is that if the business is taking on a debt we should have regard for what the debt is being spent on, and the principle is that taking on a debt shouldn't immediately reduce equity in a business because it should be balanced by an asset. > You can be in more debt but overall have a more profitable enterprise, right? Yes. But if the businesses are identical in every way (management, worker skill, etc, etc) then they should have identical earning potential. If they are different in a way that is profitable, that difference is an accounting asset. It doesn't matter how similar the hypothetical sauna in the desert is to the profitable sauna, the better location will result in better profits. > This again confuses me - the debt is a sure thing. You signed a contract, meaning you have to pay up no matter what. No. Nothing about the future is certain. I don't even mean that in the pedantic philosophical way, it is a very practical concern. If, eg, my fictional ski resort was buried in an avalanche that the rent would be extinguished (in sane jurisdictions, anyhow). The business might also be limited liability and go bankrupt - same $0 loss worst case as the desert. > there's a million ways you could mess up and make less money than you intended. That is true of any asset. Risk is an accepted concept. Even 'risk free' assets are only risk free assuming the law doesn't change. > If guessing the future value of productive assets was simple, then investors of all kinds would have a super easy job. So how could we possibly put the productive asset in the books with a straight face? Because 'we' think it has value. It passes the 'someone with money is paying for it' test. Guessing values isn't easy, but at some point we do have to do it to compare options. > Isn't that borderline fraud? I'm not going to try and lawyer and account at the same time, but accounts books aren't some magical tome that is always right. Sometimes erroneous valuations make it into them. The accountants do the best they can. There are no set of accounts so correct they can make things true. There are reasonable and unreasonable assumptions. "I think this lease is net-positive for equity" can be a reasonable assumption. In fact, it usually will be. Yes, but also this scheme is best rejected as being too convoluted. 1) Someone needs to assess pre-accident prices of every house. That isn't as easy as it sounds, it is a massive logistic challenge (and open to corruption from all angles). 2) This links a nuclear company's performance (after a disaster) to the property market, where they have no inherent expertise. That isn't fair or sensible. 3) If the company has to pay some sort of transactions tax on housing (eg, as is the case in Australia) then they are facing enormous costs even if the market value doesn't change. 4) The vast sums of money involved would probably bankrupt them for cash flow reasons even if the whole transaction were notionally profitable. 5) All of this doesn't even incentivise good behavior. May as well pass a law that if things go wrong the company gets wound up - same basic result (this is not a good idea either imo). Also, the people who are concerned about trading dollars for lives probably don't want to become regulators [1]. We don't know how to run a 0-death society and there are decisions that must be made in practice. Valuing life with money is a great way of doing that. [1] https://www.theglobalist.com/the-cost-of-a-human-life-statis... There are two parts to the analysis though; this chain sounds like it is comparing death from radiation to completely normal life. The comparison in the article is death from radiation vs death from evacuation. Being compulsorily and unexpectedly evacuated from your home is catastrophic. My memory of Fukashima is that experience of living as an evacuee looked very woeful. If people lose 12 months to stress and whatnot from an evacuation, is losing 9 months to cancer really that much worse? I've lost a relative to cancer, the quality of his life was actually quite high until the last month. I've seen chronic depression do much more damage. I'm not advocating either, but if there is a choice to be made I don't think it is clear. A lot of the responses drift away from the article to broader issues of nuclear power - cool. But it would be wise to focus on this point: After nuclear accidents, governments are compulsorily ejecting people from their homes. This isn't the end of the world, but it is clearly an extreme action. There should be some standard of evidence that they are held to before they do this. Maybe most of the people would leave anyway. The question needs to b asked. The bloke in the article is making a point that evacuations might be worse than radiation. This is a point that seemed likely to me after reading about Fukashima. It is possible we are facing a scenario where: * Governments are ejecting people from their homes * This is leading to worse outcomes than if they where allowed to live there peacefully or leave at their own speed If this is the case, we really need clearer standards to stop governments acting this way. There is a real problem with asking 'to be given financial advice'. Before any meaningful talk can be had about setting common financial levers to get a result, what people really need is someone to sit down with and have an in-depth conversation about what life goals. You can't really receive meaningful financial advice without taking position on the following: 1) Are you comfortable committing to a lifetime of working? 2) Is there reasonable scope for a high risk high reward venture? Eg, entrepreneurship, acting. 3) Do you determine your personal comfort in terms of how other people perceive it (expensive & common option), or do you use your own metrics? 4) What is your personal understanding of retirement? Without that orientation, there isn't really a generic position to take on debt (it might be good or bad). There isn't a generic position on investments (might be good or bad). If someone is really being taken to the cleaners maybe there is a quick change to be made, but really "personal finance" is more about expectations and habits than knowledge ad howto guides. The fundamentals of personal finance intuitively easy to grasp, to the point of absurdity - if you consistently spend more than you earn, you will run out of money. End of the story. If you spend a lot less (10-20% of your earnings go into savings), you will weather surprises easily. If you earn a stupid amount less (40%+ pre-tax earnings saved) you will have a very easy later life. That all only scratches the surface of orienting a strategy, let alone the details of how the myriad investment options and retirement mechanisms work. 'Money' occupies a position of special privilege: 1) Your tax office requires your taxes to be paid with local currency 2) Because of this, you are obliged to routinely measure your economic activity relative to the yardstick of your local currency Bitcoin doesn't have the same special place. My beefs with quantitative easing are: 1 - Whoever spends the money first is treated by the economic system as having done something useful for their money; when they have not. 2 - it distorts the yardstick we measure everything with. Eg, someone born in the 60s probably hasn't really adjusted their gut-feel for how much $1,000,000 is really worth these days. This just seems like confusing people for no reasons, and hence a bad idea. Bitcoin ain't doing neither of these things. It is fine by me. Wealth creation even, if it doesn't bust spectacularly. Well, gold owes it's continued existence to the continued holding of the laws of physics. Practically, I suspect Bitcoin relies on the reach bitcoin mining networks. If, eg, China's bureaucrats go mad and split China off from the main internet for a decade, what happens to bitcoin? I've been led to believe the serious mining pools are Chinese. Gold doesn't care about that sort of thing at all, it just keeps existing. There are arguments for both. Storing metal is a cost. Excel spreadsheets aren't maintainable, but in context there are some subtleties. If the process is upgraded to a full-blown piece of 'real' software, now you need a full-blown software dev to maintain it. A better result from more resources isn't a clean improvement, it is just a change. Straddling the line between 'technically best outcome' and 'cheapest workable outcome' is what businesses strive to do. In most mature businesses change should be approached extremely cautiously; everybody loves changing things and the costs are frequently big. What about, say a statistician? Good odds that a statistician or mathematician would have a better grasp of what the numbers imply than a medical practitioner. Based on the doctors I know, the medical world does not have an especially profound understanding of how to deal with large amounts of data. Their specialities are diagnosis or specialist surgery, not data. If the data is so scary we have to hide it then there are glaring problems that need to be addressed. Sure there are misleading edge cases; but believing that accurate data will be worse than word of mouth is, quite frankly, unwarrented. Is it really though? A big class of imperfect information games can be modeled by having a record of everything the agent has seen so far. Then it has exactly the same, if not more, information available than a human player in the same position. We know that with equal information AIs can make better decisions than humans (see also, AlphaGo :] ) so at that point the AI could reasonably be expected to achieve superhuman performance. The "imperfect information games are harder for AI" crowd are going to be surprised by just how badly humans deal with imperfect information. AIs have a much better memory than humans do, and much more potential to use actual probability which humans are truly shocking at utilising (although neural networks don't seem to utilise this edge; so far). Your point is correct, but the thing to note is that until AlphaGo I don't think we've seen an AI improve quite that fast. The AlphaGo Fan had an elo ~3,150 and it was correct that Lee Sedol (elo ~3,500) would win against it. Google showed up to play Lee Sedol with a ~3,750 elo network. 600 elo in 6 months is basically unprecedented growth in Go AI strength, and took AlphaGo from "it can play a good professional game" to "gee, maybe the No. 1 human can take a game off it". I'm getting the number from the AlphaGo wiki page. I'm looking forward to hearing a long-form rational of the :args :ret :fn function instrumenting decisions, and seeing if the devs see it as an easy choice or up for debate. It feels really uncomfortable declaring a full spec for a function & instrumenting it, then getting feedback if the args don't conform to spec but Clojure being A-OK if the return value doesn't. I understand well that in theory the functioning of a function can be fully checked in a proactive test framework, but the process for testing return values is way clunkier and less fun than testing argument values. It just seems weird that the function has a spec, the function doesn't conform and Clojure doesn't seem to be bothered. I can see it will only be a matter of days until I have Orchestra installed for all my projects. I dunno the nuances in America, but from an Australian perspective; this sort of rule is a great target for removal, it is too prescriptive. It would be better to have a rule 'costs must be clearly identified to consumers before the time of purchase' and then hit everyone with it. Companies have to comply with regulation. That literally means they need to have a person who audits that the rule is being complied with (amongst other compliance duties). If the rule is not being complied with, someone must fix it even if the airline ticket would be easily comparable without the rule. Management must put valuable time and attention into this process because they are obliged to comply with the rules. On the other hand, the government has to check the rule. They have to read it, interpret it and enforce it. If they don't then why exactly bother having it? Less rules (but still clear, and possibly with guidelines that while not strictly mandatory are /strongly recommended/) is easier to audit and enforce. AlphaGo isn't a human, but it played Go in a human manner. When reviewing the games it is hard for Go players not to talk about 'intent' and 'planning'. The actual process for making the move was actually very human, in my view. Superhuman execution, but the basic process was how a human played. It is interesting to see how that translates into Chess. When AlphaZero wins it is playing games that exercise a beautiful positional judgment. There are a couple of very elegant games where a material advantage for Stockfish just didn't translate into a meaningful edge on the board. If the Go experience is any guide, this is a glimpse in the direction of the ideal we should aspire to playing Chess. As a society, we have demonstrated a remarkably limited ability to coherently articulate what the problems are. Now, if you can articulate a clear problem, I might be persuaded that engineers as class will solve it a specific way. But my experience is that once a problem is identified anyone could do it. Identifying the problem is the part that generates friction. In the one-line example you came up with, you imply: * Working is good * Economic productivity is the end goal * Possibly a link between morality and citizenship * That 'replacement' based on some unknown process will be legitimate If I am allowed to assume things like that, every human problem becomes easy and I can engineer it. But a 'landslide' in politics is 60% agreement on a subject - assumptions like this do not fly. I, for example, disagree with at least 2 of those points. I think there is also a pretty pervasive over-estimation of how capable humans are. As I see more of the failure modes of deep learning, a lot of successes and mistakes made by humans start to become more understandable. Machines don't need to be perfect or avoid failures; like humans, they need to work most of the time and then be used in systems that are tolerant of their potential faults and mistakes. The secret assumption is that things will break and the builder will learn how things might break and how to fix them. I've had a lot of fun with LFS, but if everything goes smoothly it is a bit pointless. When builds broke or I missed components there was an opportunity to better my understanding of the system. Experience with multiple failure modes in a safe environment - it counts for a lot. It also forces you to learn what the dependency graph looks like and a little bit of why, which can be helpful. People cannot make decisions using facts; there are too many issues at play and the interactions between the facts are too complicated. In practice decisions are made by copying other socially successful persons. It seems completely obvious to me that any social grouping will have some strongly held convictions that are not based on fact. A unique set of sacred cows that persist because it is orders of magnitude faster to copy successful examples than figure out why they were successful. I mean, I applaud efforts to align cultural conversation with fact. Very worthwhile activity. But it seems more important to me to accept that social groups can behave erratically, and that nothing should be taking precedence over the rule of law; and anything that looks like mass hysteria should be resisted. The enemy is the idea that 'everybody knows' something and therefore due process can be thrown out. I recall the slogan 'Not My President' being trotted out when Trump won. That sort of thing is dangerous. Disagreeing with the result of an election? That is fine. A bout half the population can do that. Chipping away at the legitimacy of the electoral process, because you can't say and do what Trump says and does? Huge threat. The companies can hire whoever they want however they want within the law. They certainly could not hire this bloke. However, if they want to hire someone who only has accusations against him, I don't see the problem. Businesses can and do hire full-fledged known criminals (typically after they've paid their legal penalty); and this is better for us all then having them uselessly sitting around. Many of them will still be perfectly good workers. Having done something illegal doesn't mean getting ejected from society; being accused certainly doesn't.