From the "What you can do" section at the bottom: 3. Purchase a unit and/or encourage others who are able, to do so. Sounds like a scam. Any real breakthrough would be pushing to get major funders on board via trails, demos, etc, and not appealing to a blog reader to buy a unit. The author doesn't really expound why 1password wouldn't work. It's available for Mac/Win and integrates nicely with FF, IE(Win), Chrome and Safari(Mac). That software is indispensable to me, as I often login to numerous dev and test instances of webapps in addition to my shopping and forum sites... I can now have long, secure passwords/phrases that are autogenerated. In addition, with dropbox, I have 1password distributed on all my devices. I avoid the Google problem he mentioned by using separate browsers (ie, FF for work, Safari/Chrome for personal) or separate computers/devices (I only really use Facebook on my mobile). If multiple instances of a particular browser is desired, something like http://fluidapp.com/ or Mozilla Prism could be used to segregate the profiles. In short, the author ignores existing products and is re-inventing the process. Agreed. Any time I can ditch the password, I do. Certs are a pain in the ass to setup, though. SSH without passwords is pure freedom. IIRC, isn't this the case with Google as well (with the triumvirate holding 1/3 each of the voting shares)... the public shares aren't voting shares at all. Look, you don't mention Chrome as your one and only browser, and yes, 1password for Chrome isn't as integrated as for Safari/FF, but you can still use the "CMD-\" to login quite well... what specific issues are you running into? I've simplified your 5-step process to: 1) Click logout on site 2) CMD-backslash 3) If I have only one account, no step 3, otherwise, choose the account for the site I want to use from a dropdown navigable by arrows 4) Browser back button (or keyboard equivalent) to go back one page. Honestly, I agree that the whole issue of managing several accounts on a given service is quite weak anywhere you go... the fact that website/services think you should be limited to one account goes well back before the web (credit cards nubmers per servicer, home phone lines, physical addresses)... in all of these categories it's very easy to assume a given user will only have one account (and it's true for 95% of the populace). Given the virtual nature of the web, it's sad that web services fall into this trap as well (e.g. trying to run several power e-trade pro sessions for different accounts on the same box is an exercise in frustration). You still haven't commented on usage of SSBs like Mozilla Prism for separate site/account combos (apparently, Prism is the only SSB that separates the cookie cache). Hmm... so you can publicly share your mp3s and videos? Haven't we heard of this before (mp3.com)... I wonder how they'll deal with "infringement" cases from the media cartel? As a current dropbox user, I'm a bit concerned about this functionality (since by default public means public but unlisted, it can still be shared). Hope these guys did a bit of homework here. I really like the dessert "structures" - highly informative in a "Good Eats" kind of way. Either they don't get it, or their external message is all you're hearing. If they're not worried about Facebook, they're silly. If Facebook reinvents search (ie, search+trust-web = social search), Google just became Yahoo. Investors have a herd mentality. The whole premise of the article is flawed. Middle-class folks want jobs that can't easily be outsourced so they can build careers and lives from it. Not everyone is cut out to be an entrepreneur, and selling more SUVs and mining more coal isn't going to be enough for the 21st century. > When I can't get something right, I keep on trying. Maybe not always a good idea. I'd say it's a good idea, as long as it's core to what you're doing... if in the case of Dropbox, it was an ancillary feature, it's good to cut your losses. If it's part of your core business model - get it right. So the real reason it failed is because it was a purely technical solution and didn't have a canonical usability example? Or maybe that big sites like Facebook decided it would remove the monetization opportunities by creating their own universal login? Very nice tool. It's a good meme/idea generator as well. Suggestion: make a "random" mode (ie, random participle and location for each of the 5 suggestions) and default it. My take on the .com vs. not: do both (ie, shoely.com and shoe.ly)... not like it's a significant cost. The .com is essential because some browsers still auto-default that extension. No one is saying he isn't smart. Trust comes from two things fundamentally: capacity and compassion. If someone is smart but they've made a deal with folks who are trying to rob you, they are not trustworthy. Jon just proved that the only thing that matters to (admittedly bright) Cramer is Cramer. Viewers should have kicked his ass out by ignoring his show. What about I don't want to pay for 3G, and don't want it? Xoom is not an option... I already pay for a mobile data account (with tethering)... why pay for another account? Furthermore, iPad 3G requires no contract. No, there is no real iPad competitor yet. Disagree. It's the whole point of the page, so it isn't excessively redundant if you say it more than one way... I'd just put a single column that's a different color (ie, green) for the best day, maybe with an embedded checkmark or some other indicator for the color blind. Google "comparison chart" and see how multiple" rel="nofollow">http://www.google.com/imgres?imgurl=http://printgreener.com/... facets can inform a viewer in a simple way. Wow. This is nice and great timing for Valentine's day. The concept is very well done. Agree with RBr, trust is absolutely required. Why do you need friend list data for the FB login? Are you sure you don't have facebook blocker? I had to turn off that Safari extension in order for this site to work. One of the major challenges I see is that casual users won't be rewarded if there's no love coming back. How do you keep the edge-users (who may not any replies) engaged and feeling... adored? The "reverse search" use case is basically a categorical analyzer similar to how some fraud-detection mechanisms work at credit agencies. There's probably a killer app somewhere that could use this feature. The iPhone makes complete sense. The standard 2-year phone contract keeps the (non-fanatic) customers happier... their 2 year contract would only mean skipping one product release without paying the $200 premium. The iPad... might see faster than 1-year cycles because there is no contract, per-se (of course the competitors keep screwing that part up, so maybe not). HP should court Amazon to run a WebOS app-store. Roku revolution sounds better (they were the first fastest innovator in this space). I seriously wonder what Comcast is preparing to do to my 2xroku/appletv household. The merge with NBC doesn't portend well for cable internet rates. WebTV died years ago. I don't think many people really want a modern website on their TV. I wouldn't mind twitter/RSS updates in a side area or Growl box (like a chat box in a FPS), but the web doesn't fare well on the lower-resolution TV; similarly as with mobile devices, websites would have to be redesigned for TV usage. Until the US government spent 10 years pursuing action (back when corporations didn't completely control the govt). 10 years is a eon in internet time. Not to mention, when push comes to shove, a guy can urinate pretty much anywhere. I remember back in my college days when I'd go to the bar restroom and the stalls were being used, the urinal was in use, a guy was peeing in the trash can and another dude was using the sink... I'm pretty sure Microsoft doesn't trust your HTC's anyway because those companies make so much more with Android than WP7. Also, I'm guess Nokia is aiming for the US market only (for now) with WP7. Single market, single OS, hopefully a single model. It just might work. Sadly, were he rewarded with a continuing money stream, he would likely justify the innocent names as "collateral damage" as the money would have been a mark of success. Aaron Barr fancies himself a modern-day witch-hunter, and it's good he was hoisted on his own petard. I don't think 2-factor auth as proposed by Google is designed to prevent man-in-the-middle attacks: http://www.phonefactor.com/man-in-the-middle-attacks In order to prevent MITM, Google would need to have out-of-band verification (not just two tokens processed on the same band). The benefit of Google's method is that a password can't be cached for later use, which reduces the window in which an account can be compromised. He's right, of course, just like Ballmer in 1999 when he caused the stock market to drop 5% by saying something similar... It would have helped to see the mobile icon in context (ie, on an iPhone homepage or dock/shelf)... hard to see the faults with the brightness without seeing the "pudding". Find a way to infect her friend with this info/site. They'll be more likely to influence her than you. So this is not a database, per-se, but a document base? If I have to wrap every data element in a file, doesn't that add overhead? Honestly, what's the benefit to me of this over say, SVN+HTTPS with 10 minutes of config? You're thinking about it the wrong way... bartonfink's issue was that for this issue his input had a conflict of interest. You remove that by getting a separate person to lead the input... which you can reference later on. This is not so different from the standard sales approach of gaining the confidence of an SME on the client side who advises the decision maker. >Of course, over time I suspect console makers will move more and more towards digital distribution for all games, but that won't happen overnight or even any time soon. This is why Gamestop should be finding support (ie, EFF, ACLU, legislators) to safeguard First Sale doctrine for digital purchases: http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/First-sale_doctrine I don't know if they will be successful in their endeavors but if Apple follows through, there will be a backlash. Take Netflix, for example. Does it make sense to provide in-app subscriptions for 30% discounted distributor rate ($8 * 70% = $5.60) when that same account can be used for Roku, etc? No. What will happen is that all these service providers will make an Apple subscription (which has separate features) that won't work with other devices. Balkanization of content channels... this is not consumer friendly. So no more iPod Touch competitor? Perhaps it'll exist, but not be called the Zune HD (and run WP7 Apps). In fact, that would be quite cool (esp. if Nokia is in on this operation). Agree completely about the need for pseudonyms online... If I'm asked for a real name, I'll format a handle that sounds "real" (ie, first last). The Idiocracy hunting down quotes and pictures out of context are part of what necessitates the anonymity. Via which retail store? They need someone to actually sell the product, and Google has no experience with end-customer product sales. That's because doctors and lawyers impact individual lives directly, and often profoundly. Explain how any developer has done this recently. We're hardwired to respect individual stories, not tales of aggregate success (affecting millions of lives in a small positive way)... which is why it's only when those small effects are made tangible by specific personal stories does it sink in. This is why politicians talk about how the impacted the life of some small child or working mother, etc etc.. > Logo: Lisp's adorable 7-year-old niece who likes to play with her toy turtle. On casual conversation, she proves to be disturbingly worldly and well-informed. You resolve not to let your kids play around Lisp's house. Thinking about using Logo in any serious way makes you feel a bit dirty. That was hilarious and disturbing at the same time. You shouldn't wait... who knows when this recession is going to end. Hasn't caught on because it isn't simple. I hardly think dealing with registrars is an activity people relish. Startup Idea? $10B valuation? This is unreal. On what is this valuation based other than "comps"? How did valuation against comparables work to match reality for the real estate bubble? Perhaps this time, it's warranted. Apple's new policy raising the price of all media on all networks? It's possible because Apple is the biggest (by far) tech company in the world. Though if they're looking at Apple, maybe they should look at Amazon also - the do similar things with their suppliers. Ok, lets get serious here. $10B valuation / $250M revenue/year = 40x multiplier. Do people really think that Zynga is going to continue to deliver for years and years to come? So Zynga have $1B revenue/yr by your metric? I somehow doubt they're that high... so hence the more unrealistic multiple based on other unreal valuations (ie, comps). It even pulls up Flash in Safari5 (w/ clicktoflash plugin). Awesome. Static site=low/no vulnerabilities This platform-markup (30%) will affect other players because in order to show any of your content on iOS, you must not just mark up your price, but Apple demands price matching with other markets... that's the uncompetetive part, as that will just raise prices for everyone, unless all those subscription services and content providers ditch iOS en-masse (unlikely). If Apple were to relinquish their price-match requirement (unlikely) or allow apps that had no external store references (more likely), they would not cause such an upheaval in pricing. > Can one have buyers regret from something that is free? Sure, if you feel you were misled, and now you have to spend time to ditch the account before they bill you. Remember what Tyler Durden says: "the things you own ... end up owning you". Google should tune into WIIFM: http://larryborsato.com/blog/2010/01/wiifm/ ...what exactly is the end customer going to do with this? If the end customer is developers, then yes, it's interesting and google should promote it heavily at something like GoogleIO or other dev venue. If it's for customers, it's going to need a killer app. (edited to remove anchor tag) Good point. Those are notable armaments. Microsoft is becoming less and less of a gatekeeper with the rise of Firefox, Chrome, and Safari. In 2-3 years when the next "version" of HTML gains the public eye, they will not have a stranglehold on the web. I'd be more worried about Apple or Google than MS (as silly as it may sound now). I've found that trick to be inconsistent, as some sites I register with do not accept the + character. Just wanted to say some of the best folks in my college CS group were military folks who were a bit older (2-4 years) who knew the value of the education. That said, it is a huge stigma to not finish your degree... you better have a job or strong vision. For every Steve Jobs there are probably hundreds who would have done better by completing their studies. Looking at the reviews for the signature app (Chili Chef), I'm not entirely impressed, unless you're creating the app version of a brochure: http://itunes.apple.com/us/app/the-chili-chef/id403523952?mt... Specifically, no way to print, and requires internet each time you view the content. If you want the best of both worlds, go to a nearby filtered water store and refill your 3 or 5 gallon jug(s) with municipal water that's been through a 10-stage filter (or distilled, but I prefer filtered). Where I live (SFbay) it costs about 5 dollars (and a schlep down to the refill location) per month (~20 gallons) for a family of 3... and no wasted plastic or barrels of oil transporting the goods. Best part is it tastes better than bottled or tap water, significantly. Not to mention, JavaScript unlike many other server-side languages, supports closures. It's quite an advanced language, once you get used to it's (many) peccadilloes. My take exactly... I'm up for renewal this month, but if I've waited 3+ years, I can wait a few more months for iPhone5. If Apple were going the staggered release concept, they would have been wise to let the public know (so they don't wait a few months for a phone that doesn't appear, then decide to get an Android instead). Well, when on VZ a few years back with my Treo I made it a policy not to buy any service bump or add-on as I felt VZ screwed anyone foolish enough to try... perhaps the VZ feature-phone switchers are still thinking likewise? Yes, supposedly AT&T really sucks. It's been the running joke for years that the iPhone (aka jesus phone) does everything except make calls. Example: http://www.thedailyshow.com/watch/tue-january-11-2011/verizo... So this means there is a business opportunity for another social networking site that can both offer pseudonyms as well as deal with the problems you mention (which btw, are not exactly solved by Facebook's policy, though they are discouraged). I agree Facebook is unlikely to ever rescind their "real name" policy. Watching my TV shows while on the pot or in the shower has reduced my wasted time... productivity! (like listening to NPR/PBS in the car) Given that O'Reilly books are of technical nature, and you can't actually code on an iPad (unless you're using SSH/VPN), this is a perfect fit for the O'Reilly... you'll need a computer anyway. Furthermore, I'm never on vacation and think, Oh, I'd love t read up on RoR... I usually already have the book. Both are valid approaches. One requires vision, the other requires connections. Realizing either of them requires lots of hard work. I think the "wasted time" the author refers to is, in fact, time needed to get ready. Some folks won't need as much of it (or any at all), others will need more. In the end, finding that "fear of not starting" is incredibly important, but I posit that could only be found by the author after his "walk in the wilderness". Not clear if this is a domain specific language that would generate SQL, but when I was working for the big enterprise players they always had a way to abstract SQL running against several DB engines... (one of 'em called it meta-sql). There was a significant effort to push this, and it was only successful because it was embedded into the dev environment of the enterprise software. Great idea, but the many different versions of SQL syntax will be a pain to properly implement. I'd suggest staying with a single DB engine, then branching to others. I've been told by a friend who happens to work for MS that they've had this stuff working for years, but it's just been more lucrative for them to not include it (another clue that they have an entrenched monopoly in Office software). Just like Google ChromeFrame and IE9, I hope this pushes the Office folks to release something better so the Google "barnacles" don't destroy their platform. Something lighter than 238kb. I remember when jquery first came out, and ExtJS was around that size (actually a bit larger) and one of the big popularity factors of jQuery was a much smaller library size. Also some places like Apple have their own internal js frameworks and want folks who know and can code bare-metal js. re-targeting probably works better in the scenario where you have an impending date for purchase (Valentine's Day gift/card)... so knowing holidays and the SO's bday, wedding date, etc, would be extremely powerful for re-targeting. Interactive Advertising? The problem is, people generally don't want ads, so you're looking at a largely negative feedback base. How do you sort the signal from the noise? > The older government officials are notorious for taking private sector positions in the very industries they previously regulated. This happens so frequently there is actually a Japanese phrase to describe it (again I can't remember for the life of me what this phrase is). In America this happens, but isn't nearly as blatant or widespread. It Japan it is a near guarantee. This totally happens here, and there is a term for it: http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Revolving_door_(politics) (Revolving Door) Almost everything you said about older people in Japan can be said about the USA as well. Sure, in that if GNU tools didn't exist, some software would not exist, and others would be prohibitively expensive. GNU has impacted users lives. Does that apply to all SSDs? From what I gather TRIM is just a spec for formalized OS-level garbage collection hooks. Some disks (like Apple-installed Samsungs) do GC at the disk-level. My Sandforce (Vertex 2) has disk-level GC (as well as TRIM), and sometimes will block for a long period on writes now on OSX... I haven't tried it on a different OS yet. TRIM is an instruction set for OS-level disk garbage collection. Sandforce and Samsung SSD chipsets have native GC built-in. All that TRIM would do is improve write performance (so it doesn't block at random for GC) and allow for non-OEM SSDs. Except maybe the whole retina display support? http://www.macrumors.com/2011/02/24/mac-os-x-lion-building-i... Alternatively maybe Apple's ability to hide new features is getting bettr? Considering that's a large salary in many first-world western-european countries, it's probably only a follow-on consideration (ie, GP-comment's hypothetical striking it rich in Singapore). Furthermore, at that point, you will most likely be able to shelter your income anyway by putting it into a corporation, and you shouldn't be worried about striking it rich abroad. There is still no reasonable competitor to SQL. It's an entrenched standard, that NoSQL doesn't completely replace. Luckily, it's an open standard (like email) and adding in support for an open, strongly-desired, useful stamdard as a feature should be applauded. Lack of pseudonyms is going to be a real stumbling block for this. When I'm conversing with a real person (ie, on Facebook, Twitter or IM) then I'm ok using my real name because there are privacy controls. When I'm discussing things on HN or TechCrunch, I don't want my opinions being misconstrued out of context... given this society's litigious nature, I think FB comments are not going to take over Disqus/IntenseDebate's market, though they might carve out a nice niche. If FB comments catch on, Facebook better expect a wave of non-real personas. It's not hard to make/maintain a fake persona. Most of my personal details on FB are not only hidden, but false. Perhaps this is the strategy to boost their numbers? (Ill advised, I think, but whatever) On a newer computer (ie MBP 2010), Chrome and Firefox are pretty evenly matched in terms of usable speed in my experience. However, on older machines (ie, my parent's 7 yo laptop), Chrome makes an otherwise unusable machine into a halfway decent browsing experience. I'm not sure how this impacts future marketshare, but it probably explains why me and my wife both equally use Safari/FF, but my parents use Chrome (and only on the older machines). There's also facebookblocker and Defacer for Safari: http://extensions.apple.com/#social-networking > When you think about it from the perspective of big sites like TechCrunch, requiring that people use their true Facebook identity would virtually eliminate nasty comments overnight. Quite possibly by decimating the comment boards. The chilling effect of potentially having your FB history being subpoenaed is quite strong. Does this go along with AOL's new business model? This is actually pretty useful to a small but loyal group: runners. I know folks who run marathons and such, they are fanatical about the right fit and buy 3+ pairs when they find a good fit, because of rapid shoe model obsolescence/changes. Perhaps with this small but profitable niche they can expand their technology into the mainstream for the likes of you and me. I'm definitely going to suggest this site to my runner-friends and see what they think. I imagine the problem is that shoes are real things with 3 dimensions, and feet change shape when they're compressed... neither of which are addressed by a printout (sure a printout is better than nothing, but if it's not predictive enough it's not worth the trouble). If a device could model what kind of shoe you should wear based on an interactive iPad foot print, that would be amazing tech. Wonder if they'll keep the 4+ finger multitouch gestures. I've kind of gotten used to them on my 4.3 beta. Latest rumor was 512MB: http://ipadgeartalk.com/ipad/ipad-2-have-fastest-processor-a... Tech Specs don't show SOC memory. Guess we'll have to wait till March 11th or later for iFixit to do a teardown. I'm making a guess that FSF (and EFF) would probably have preferred the most influential person to win, namely Julian Assange. It's clear to me you don't understand the market then. Being the thinnest is a clear differentiator. Having aesthetic style means a LOT to a lot of people (ie, customers). Furthermore, Apple did increase the processor size, memory, and probably battery (considering it has same 10hr life) and also decreased the total volume of the enclosure. Finally, if you've ever used an iPad at length you'd realize it doesn't need cooling 99.9% of the time. It just doesn't get warm... this is a huge differentiator from the netbooks it's often compared to. Now I'm interested in what you're developing. I'm getting $300 for same. > I think they know that a lot of people will buy something based on specs alone. Really? I don't know anyone besides geeks and neo-philiacs (ie, folks like me) that behave that way. Most folks (ie, the mass-market) treat tech like they'd treat appliances or cars or other stuff they don't fully understand. They ask folks who do know, visit review sites, and play with what's on the showroom floors. When there is a large contingent of these that infer that the iPad is the best, the mass market buys it (as sales numbers show). This would seemingly be akin to Apple releasing iMovie for Windows/Linux... unless they happen to sell content/services with it or use it as a base for their devices (ie, iTunes), I don't see how this move will do anything but dilute their platform. > Having to plug crap in and out is not a very good experience though. I was thinking the same way you were until a year ago when I spoke to a colleague who has a Droid that got an OTA upgrade to Froyo (2.2)... what a clusterf*ck... he lost battery during the event, it torched his device, and he couldn't even re-flash the firmware, he had to take it into the Verizon store, where they simply replaced it. All the settings and hacks he put it? Wiped. (Backup is optional in Android... my colleague hadn't done it). This made me understand why Apple is so old-school when it comes to iPod/iPad sync and upgrades. It's not just the wireless bandwidth, it's about avoiding disastrous edge-cases that ruin customer experience. A wired sync or upgrade can guarantee backups, power availability and reasonable bandwidth. I just find this CSS to be not evil enough, but don't have the time to make it more malicious. Something more along the lines of upside-down-ternet would be better... make it available but laughably unusable for your target sites/audience. I doubt you'll get the same type of community as here. Researchers and startup-minded technologists are two different types of geeks. What I've found in my discussions with researchers is the ability for the discussion to get very deep, but a sense of politics pervades the conversation. Will it be focused around something like YC? How would you envision some of the "Show HN" type posts? Every time family comes over, we play multipong, wurdle (yes, works great for groups) and battleheart (again, 1p but works well with multiple fingers). This is a very interesting untapped market, but how to make a breakout hit in this market is still not clear to me. I used to work for a boss who had Lyme disease (I didn't know until he told me). He was amazed at how much traffic he got to his free page that he had just setup to discuss and cope with the condition. Misinformation is a problem but the rarity of the disease would likely increase the people-bond and make a tight-knit group. The size would, in effect, prevent spam/scam/disinformation issue in other larger groups as it would be too difficult to be worth the effort (unless your name is Tyler Durden, I suppose).