Yes, I agree... what Crockford says makes sense to me. Know where they go, and use them consistently. This blog post doesn't make so much sense. It seems to say that you should be aware of the rules at all times and strive to use as few semicolons as possible (even going so far as to put them in front of statements). Yes, it would work, but I don't really see this as more readable. I live in a US town of ~6k people, and currently get 6Mbps on the lowest tier plan available (50 Mbs is readily available, just a bit pricey for personal use). I don't buy this argument at all, as there are metro areas that will have worse connectivity than some rural areas within the US. I also wonder what the real reason is. Registering to place applications in the android market is not free. Does the iPhone have a public bug database so we can search for issues? This is exactly true, and the worst mistake, imo. I have no idea how to find it in the Android Market, and I suspect many others don't as well. Zoodles works, though the quality of the games varies pretty dramatically. Linus did do the benchmark (see Comment #46). That's not really true... the iphone tracking happens regardless of location settings or applications. The location controls do not affect it at all. Who sends hashes of credit card numbers instead of the #s themselves? And how is this passed through to the processor? I've not seen such a protocol for sending CC#s from the browser before. "During normal operation or in Safe mode, your computer may play "Fur Elise" or "It's a Small, Small World" seemingly at random. " This is actually really old news. This story on it is from 2 years ago: http://androidcommunity.com/android-tethering-apps-pulled-fr... It is interesting that he says the Everex machines (from 2007) were "pretty much intended as a way to get up and running in your Chrome browser". It's funny how quickly things get ingrained into us, such that we barely remember not having them (Chrome was introduced in late 2008). > The main difference between Ubuntu-LTS and Debian is that Debian's stable release cycle is longer and more thorough. I believe that the debian stable release cycle is currently at about 2 years, w/ a very short support cycle afterwards. The LTS cycle is 2 years with a 3 years of additional support afterwards. Or just search harder: http://www.t-mobile.com/shop/plans/flexpayplans.aspx?direct=... (Yes, I know that these are FlexPay as well, but the prices are the same) I believe that both of those choices would have been even more "out-dated", though. Yes, and it's nice to avoid the increased memory overhead of running 32-bit GTK and 64-bit GTK. The increase in shared lib overhead is still fairly significant. With a sufficiently large block of ice, a few blackouts may not even be a problem. Yes, the battery of the previous tablets were much smaller. But don't forget, the previous tablets also cost close to 2k at introduction, had similar speed processors (but running more complex operating systems, with lower responsiveness), had lower quality displays, were thicker, and weighed a lot more. I don't see any of those improvements as being particularly non-obvious. > I agree with you, but you have to admit Samsung is pretty > clearly copying Apple's trade dress. It's the only tablet > that could be confused with the iPad at a glance. I don't think I have to admit that. Is it really any more iPad like (at a glance) than this: http://www.bhphotovideo.com/c/product/759029-REG/Motorola_00... I don't think it's incredible to make that claim at all. The iPad has been around for quite a bit longer so you would expect to see a lot more of them in the wild despite only outselling android tablets by approximately a 4 to one margin at the moment. Despite this, I still routinely see android tablets in airports. I saw a galaxy tab 7" tonight (along with 3 people using ipads in first class). I've also seen a few galaxy tab 10.1s and a couple of HTC Flyers. To be clear, I also wonder if the actual ratio is 4 to one. I just don't think the number is completely outside the realm of possibility. Is there an explanation somewhere of how the gallery in 2.x infringed, but the gallery in 3.x does not? It's not immediately clear to me how the two are significantly different. In the US, airlines require that electronic devices be turned completely off during takeoff and landing. In my experience, this is rarely enforced. I'm not sure how your comment is substantively different from the article. He seems to cover both scenarios (just the mongodb process rebooting vs whole server rebooting) accurately to me. FSLR is profitable. Google Talk supports Video chat across a wider range of devices than FaceTime. The search button was optional before ICS, and will likely continue to be. The menu button will likely be handled similarly to Honeycomb (it will appear for legacy apps, and disappear for modern apps). As far as I know, manufacturers are still allowed to include hardware buttons for now, thus old phones can still be upgraded. I expect they will phase this out eventually though, thanks to the flexibility that purely soft buttons can offer. The honeycomb buttons really do work better than the ones on previous phones (fewer inadvertant taps, easier to tap when wanted, etc). > If resources are that plentiful and the OS is still completely open-source then its only a matter of time until this is exploited and the phone starts to lag. It's really not a function of plentiful resources. It's that the contract only allows applications to keep running, it doesn't guarantee it. So if resources are a bit low, Android has the right to kill -9 any background process. In Android 2.2+ this actually works really well, in my experience. I do agree with your other points, though. Matias Duarte is good at making it pretty, but his designs tend to be quite cluttered and complicated, IMO. I wish they would focus on simplifying and making the interface more welcoming. I am assuming he means the BizSpark program: http://blog.stackoverflow.com/2009/03/stack-overflow-and-biz... That's not so much an end-run as a delay, though, IMO. > Maybe it works better on an Android - no, wait, that’d be anti-competitive behavior and Google would never do something evil, right? I don't see how releasing a full Android version would be anti-competitive in any meaningful sense. Especially since the Android app and webapp support for Google Docs is unbelievably horrible. It amazes me that something as simple as editing a document (or simple spreadsheet) is almost completely impractical on Android tablets. I found the layout of the website extremely obtrusive. I'd have preferred a much more basic layout, without so much fixed text/graphics. Chromebooks have at least 16GB of storage for caching things locally. For example, I believe that the Kindle app for Chrome supports offline reading. Then build the few things that still need Flex in Flex/Flash, and build the rest in HTML/JS. This is likely how most Flex apps should have been written to begin with. I think two landing pages would be useful due to the discussion of price on the homepage. When I first quickly skimmed it I was wondering why they were charging job-seekers so much. People scan sites for unfamiliar services very quickly. Having the pricing so close to the free service is likely to confuse some subset of readers. I expect that the Google Voice app will support this soon. What I really don't understand is why they didn't implement something similar for SMS. Google Voice SMS is nice, but the separate app for it is problematic. I'm curious if this really surprises anyone here that the entire process for the government purchasing three mobile applications (Android, iOS, and BB) was ~200k. This seems pretty ordinary/normal to me. Fortunately, they don't accept advertisements from corporations, and are thus uncorrupted by the donations from said corporations. Does anyone else just see this as them gauging interest in charging for this footage? Some of the wording almost makes it sound like a market segmentation strategy. I think I understand the author's point. They aren't trying to compete with Facebook, they are just attempting to exist in Facebook's market, make money by all of the same means, and attract the same customers who will then do most of the same things. Make sense? I here this kind of banter from Southwest FAs rather frequently. Despite this, I would estimate the compliance rate at less than 33%. I'm curious how much data you get, and for how much money? All of the top notification banners are the most annoying part of SO, IMO. Every time I go there I end up clicking close 3-4 times. I don't believe that I've seen netbooks with the battery life of tablets. That is (to me) a killer feature. Whoosh The point isn't that Apple is just like a violent dictator. The point is that these statements are (mostly) irrelevent to each other. The trains can run on time without a dictator. The user can have a fine walled-garden experience but still retain the option to (in a reasonably supported way) tear down the walls. For comparison, here are some US rates: T-Mobile: Unlimited txt/voice, 5GB data == $89.99 USD (2GB is 10 less, there is no cost overage after the cap, but the speed drops to less than 2G) Sprint: Unlimited txt/voice/data == $110 ATT: Unlimited txt/voice, 4GB == $115, 2GB == $95 I'm not sure how search in the address bar relates to RealNames. If that were attempted again, it would garner just as much hate. I think the difference with large batteries is that battery recycling is already fairly prevalent and covered by existing statutes (core charges, etc). I doubt many people would toss a Prius battery in the trash without thinking. I still don't think this is a good law, though. I don't expect this to have a material impact on battery recycling. I agree. I hate this concept of making it feel like an app... if I wanted an app, I would use the (awful) tablet interface. To me, the innovation of gmail was that it made a usable webpage, that worked the way a website should, and yet was still efficient and user-friendly. Part of this was done by copying the better aspects of the app world (keyboard shortcuts, eager fetching of messages, fast performance, etc). But it still fundamentally felt like an efficient, intuitive, information-delivery system (the web). Copying the worst aspects of the app world (multiple scrollbars per page/screen, massively higher cognitive load due to all the scrolling, etc) is not an improvement. Yes, guys who develop all day in Windows, look vaguely lost at a command line (constantly forgetting their place in the dir structure, not knowing the basics of rsync or scp, not knowing how to unzip a jar, etc) always call themselves Linux experts. Calling all Unix-like systems "Linux" is a common problem as well, unfortunately. But I run into Linux "sysadmins" with all of the same issues. There's a real problem with a lack of competence in this industry, IMO. Didn't these changes make the addition of dynamic content to the MOTD really trivial? That seems compatible with Ubuntu's mission to me. It sounds to me like this whole rant could have been replaced with a bug report on the documentation in Launchpad. I get what you are saying, but it's not quite as bad as it is made out to be. http://developer.android.com/resources/dashboard/platform-ve... 85% of the market is on either 2.2 or 2.3. Those are the two most recent phone versions in general distribution. I'd expect that in about 1 year, 85% will be on 4.x or 2.3. New versions don't really make it worse, and new hardware standards often do make things better. I've found that Perl works even better for this. my @allfiles = `ls /somedir/`; for my $file (@allfiles) { chomp $file; ... } Is a wonderful thing. It's not pretty Perl, but it's still better than Bash, IMO. Losing track of frequently shared video is a very different problem from losing track of never shared command & control. Oh, I agree completely that it's possible. I was just disagreeing with the assertion that getting an unencrypted video feed implies that it might be easy. I can imagine a number of potential scenarios for bringing down an aircraft like this, ranging from full control takeover to interruption of communication until fuel exhaustion and partial crash. Or perhaps we've bugged it and let them have it. Think we might want to know where they'd take something like this? My guess is that he subscribes to the theory that companies use questions that would normally be taught in college to filter out older applicants. Ie, some assume that time since college isa major factor in people knowing these answers. Personally, I find it terribly unlikely that any such filtering is intentional on any level. Actually, we are trading a browser from a company with a desktop monopoly and an internet monopoly for an environment in which said monopoly has ~40%, another monopoly has ~30%, an independent player has ~20%, and a bunch of smaller players (including Mobile) share the rest. And both the ~30 and ~20 are platform independent, largely FOSS systems. This certainly seems like an improvement to me. How many real PC end-users upgrade their operating systems? In the long run, this matters even less for Android than it does now. Is it possible that this is just set as the default activity for the android market intent? Ie, what happens if you clear the default intent handler from the settings menu? I suppose that may not even be possible, depending upon how much customization that they've done. Honestly, though, I don't think there is anything particularly nefarious going on here. I think they are just trying to make the experience more seamless, since I'm sure many users would be confused by hitting the Android market site and then being unable to use it from an "Android" device. > I replaced the launcher with LauncherPro to get rid of the Google search bar Isn't the Google search bar just a (removable) widget? I agree with your points about application eviction causing them to restart in a different state. I don't know why Google isn't stricter about requiring their applications to save state and restore to same (as iOS apps are supposed to). At least their first party apps should do this. OTOH, I'm not sure that it is the extra video memory requiring this. I think it may be that they have increased the heap memory allowed for each application significantly. I'm not sure, though... I haven't used ICS yet. Wow, that is really lame. I'm liking the idea of ICS less and less each day now it seems. Its ridiculous that they've gone so far backwards on both this and the voice search functionaity with this release. > Also just the other day it prompted me with a late notice about a cancelled weekly meeting. Isn't that just user error (failure by someone to send out a cancellation notice)? > I later got Real Player to work which allowed me to play some mp3s. That was one of my best days ever, I only don't think I've ever seen "Real Player" and "one of my best days ever" that close to each other. Seriously, do people actually still use Real Player? Doesn't Ubuntu have better solutions for playing MP3s than that? I agree... I see more dead accounts than live ones now. I don't think this service is in the success category at all at the moment. I still use it fairly actively, though. I've heard this argument (mostly from Googlers) before. I don't buy it though, as I occasionally (rarely now) see friends post things and get zero comments. The same comments will get tons of comments on Facebook. This thing has largely failed outside of tech circles and twitter style (celebrity) newsfeeds at the moment. Hopefully that will change, as I find it superior to Facebook in virtually every way. I've never used events or posting on other people's wall on Facebook. Those are Facebooks two remaining advantages, IMO. I know a lot of people use Facebook for messaging, but I would honestly prefer that they just email. I don't really see the advantage of a non-email email over just using email. Google+ email and chat integration are just fine. You don't have to manually put people into their own circles. If you share something, just start typing their name (instead of a circle name) and it will let you share with individuals instead of circles. It works the same way otherwise. I find the slowness surprising, actually. Whenever I've used + it always seems either the same or faster than Facebook. Perhaps this has to do with specific network environments or something? I have noticed that it takes a while for updates to propagate (caching, I guess) across to other users. That part is a little annoying at times. They both seem like they are thinking the same way to me. Both of them are wrong in some ways (self-discipline != consistency, and consistency alone was unlikely the key to the weight loss). See also: http://www.despair.com/consistency.html Is there any chance that this includes other uses of embedded Java (eg, Bluray players)? Sure, but how many of these are being used to browse the web? The description in the article just uses the vague term "embedded systems, such as the low-cost feature phones". Without some details on what is really happening, this data isn't very interesting, IMO. I wonder how this compares to the average salary for Ruby or node.js devs? > For all the Apple hate, Jobs stared down the record labels, and unlocked music. Amazon is responsible for getting the record labels to release music as DRM-free MP3. Now that I've used it for a while, I find that I hate it less than I used to. It's still one of the worst mail interfaces that I've ever used, though. Yes, but is it faster than EJC? I'd bet that's the frame of reference for most Java devs. No, I wouldn't consider it their duty. OTOH, the last time that Apple promised an open spec protocol (Facetime) I would have expected Google (or someone) to provide a high quality Android implementation. Apple didn't follow through. I don't personally have a problem with the standards that Google has advocated. Dart is unlikely to succeed, IMO, but I would like to see NativeClient (or something like it) picked up by the other browsers. Disabling the volume keys likely requires root, but modifying the volume setting does not. The few android applications that need to do this typically listen for volume changes and then change them back. For example, I've seen some kids apps (Zoodle's) that allow a parent to set a max volume. I see your point, but I think the post that you are responding to is clear that the Samsung bootloader is unlocked. If the bootloader is unlocked, you can do anything that you want with the device (including installing the tools to use root access). Services cannot listen for keypresses, but can't they change the volume? Why not have the service periodically check the volume and reset it to max automatically? Ie, something like: // Get the AudioManager AudioManager audioManager = (AudioManager)this.getSystemService(Context.AUDIO_SERVICE); // Set the volume of played media to maximum. audioManager.setStreamVolume ( AudioManager.STREAM_MUSIC, audioManager.getStreamMaxVolume(AudioManager.STREAM_MUSIC), 0); Unless there are more requirements here that I am missing, this sounds achievable without root. It would be interesting to see which distros are and are not affected. If Fedora 16 is unaffected, I'm going to disagree with your assertion that "most new distros are". Debian stable is unaffected, for example, so the production Debian builds aren't vulnerable. Flash should not be given the same treatment, because the browser itself bundles an up to date version. Nevertheless, the handling of QuickTime stinks. They should check the version number and only disable if it is out of date. Their current approach is just inviting complaints. This feature will be new for Ubuntu 12.04 (it is not in 11.10). Honestly, most people that I run into don't really understand how Google+ works. Basically it is the same poor, unintuitive UI that we've come to expect from Google. For example, how does a new user really learn what a circle is? And how does someone recognize what each input control is when sharing a post (at least one input box has no hints at all). I've personally seen people completely baffled by their first experiences with the product. And it seems each "update" just adds more tedium and complexity. Volume for circles is a necessary evil, but it should have been done in a much less intrusive and time-consuming way. Google seriously needs to rethink their entire UI strategy. Eg, why should I have to set a volume for each circle? Couldn't they figure out a better way for me to provide hints as The actual quote is: "Android tablet options abound, and Google’s operating system is as open as you’re going to find on a retail shelf. At the end of the day, though, you’re passing profit along to the Android device makers." Isn't that more of a swipe at Google/Android than at device makers in particular? Ie, presumably he feels that Android and their makers don't contribute back to the software community, whereas this device does? (Personally, I think he's wrong in that assertion, but I still don't think this is a swipe at hardware guys at all) The Asus transformer has done pretty well, and is almost certainly profitable (cf, http://www.pcworld.com/article/235925/asus_transformer_table... though I suspect those numbers are a bit high). I don't know how many of the other models would have to sell to reach profitability, but I'd be shocked if the cheap shenzen tablets were unprofitable (why would they keep going if they weren't?). Not to mention the Nook Tablet and Kindle Fire. The others don't seem to be selling as well, but that has to do with a very poor quality->price ratio (cf, any Acer tablet). Anyway, I think the argument that Android tablets aren't selling has been vastly overstated. There was a huge line for these things on Black Friday in the US for example. rsync can provide file-listings: jsight@jsight-ubuntudesktop:~$ rsync localhost:/home/jsight/hackernews/ drwxrwxr-x 4096 2012/01/29 20:02:48 . -rw-rw-r-- 0 2012/01/29 20:02:36 tmp1 -rw-rw-r-- 0 2012/01/29 20:02:38 tmp2 -rw-rw-r-- 0 2012/01/29 20:02:39 tmp3 -rw-rw-r-- 11 2012/01/29 20:02:45 tmp4 -rw-rw-r-- 11 2012/01/29 20:02:46 tmp5 -rw-rw-r-- 11 2012/01/29 20:02:48 tmp6 From the comments, it appears there is some debate about whether those incidents (twitter deportation) actually occurred. I believe that they have been running (and refining) this process since at least early 2011. It is surprising that they didn't do it from earlier than that, though. Which Samsung Android device has a locked bootloader? AFAIK (and some google searching seems to confirm) the Galaxy SII does not have a locked bootloader. I believe that the original Galaxy S was also unlocked. So which Samsung Android devices have locked bootloaders? Motorola and HTC tend to lock their bootloaders more often (though this situation is improving). > First, this is a five-year-old article. And a dupe. I believe this is why the title is "...5 years later and you're still doing it wrong". It's probably worth discussing why things haven't really changed in the past 5 years regarding this. That blog may have the worst design for a Blogspot blog that I have ever seen. What were they thinking? EDIT: I guess I'm getting downvotes for this so others must disagree. Make sure to go to the homepage ( http://googlevoiceblog.blogspot.com/ ) for the full effect. For me it is almost unreadable. Exactly... news reports claim that MS wants ~12/$500 Android phone. Based upon that, I think Motorola's claims are no more unreasonable. I tend to believe that it's important for a developer to pick up a couple of languages. But a point that I often see people miss is that it isn't so important to learn the language's libraries and basic syntax, as it is to learn the languages idioms. There have been many times that I have seen Java guys learn ActionScript3 only to misuse properties (unecessary Java style setter methods everywhere, no closures, etc) and other features simply because they didn't learn the core values of the platform. I doubt that they really gained much lasting value from the exercise in the end, despite using it for a few months. A few days with Clojure or another functional language in which they really focused on the core idioms of the language would have been more valuable from a learning standpoint, IMO. It's amazing how quickly and thoroughly Google has ceded the lead in this area. I know that the Android market supports application and data backup, but IMO the implementation is not as slick or simple as iCloud at this point. This is especially true for those of us with multiple Android devices (Phone + Tablet). But the lack of a comprehensive solution for photo synchronization is telling as well. I am glad to see HTC addressing the issue, but the lack of leadership on Google's part is really unfortunate. Essentially, they have taken up the strategy that Google had back in Oct 2008. There were a lot of early comments from Schmidt, etc that indicated the Android plan was to compete on the low end of the hardware spectrum. It sounds good, but I really question how much room there really is down there with the data plan requirements that typically come along with using any kind of smartphone. Do people really want to pay $100 for a stripped down device when $200 will frequently buy them a full-featured smartphone (with similar data plan prices)? Yes, that is the problem they are going to run into, IMO. A similar price-point will buy them an Android phone with quite a bit more power than an early iPhone, and a much more mature application ecosystem. So why bother with Windows? The TDD issue is really the biggest for me. I've run into many developers over the years who shout how much more efficiently things would be built if we all just did that. Surprisingly few do it themselves, though, due to a "lack of time". The contradiction in that never quite hits them for some reason. TDD has it's place, but taking it as an incontrovertible dogma is not useful. I agree with essentially everything that you said. The one thing that I'll add is that I was speaking specifically of Test Driven Development, not of tests in general. The benefits of using tests as documentation come regardless of religious adherence to test-first, and in my opinion are often hindered by it. I agree that tests can make great documentation, as well as adding value for a number of other reasons (regression, etc). I severely question the concept of writing them first in all (or even most) cases, though. I am not sure that I understand your mention of housing costs. Doesn't core inflation exclude housing costs as well? That's not entirely true for T-Mobile, actually. You still connect to 3G towers even after throttling, but you are slowed down to "2G" speeds. In practice, the 2G speeds are much slower than EDGE, but slightly faster than GPRS. I've worked at government agencies (recently) that banned all "third party browsers". Compared to that kind of policy, I think choosing Chrome is wonderful. I agree. Clicking on the website for the organization in question only reveals a handful of low-quality, low-resolution pictures. In general the best way to deal with a "problem" like this is to drown out the noise with quality content. He should be flooding the web with quality pictures of what he has, not trying to get Google to change an algorithm. I get your point, but the previous 50MB barrier still allowed for plenty of bloat. The main ingenuity that it promoted was the ingenuity to host the rest externally to be downloaded on first application launch. This download often took more than 15 minutes (the refund period), causing tons of complaints if the application didn't work for some reason. As the application is still restricted to 50MB, and the additional space is in the form of expansion packs, this isn't likely to result in larger code. I think it is mostly to solve the consumer complaint issue.