While it would be nice to have a fully open-source software stack on a phone, the EFF is campaigning for much more basic freedoms for American cell phone users. In most places in the world, it's possible and very commonplace to buy a mobile phone separately from the network operator. The operator's only physical product is the SIM card, and consumers understand this. Even if you purchase a phone that's subsidised by the operator (which typically means making a fixed-rate contract for 24 months, so you end up repaying for the phone in full and you can't switch to another company with better rates), the operator has no control over the applications you install on the phone. In the US, the operators apparently sell almost all phones through their own channels, which gives these companies the unusual power of being able to dictate the software that goes on the devices. Thus they can introduce locks and limitations into the software, and thanks to the DMCA, removing those limitations can be illegal. I'm not American (and thus my understanding of the situation may be limited), but to me this seems to be a case where bad legislation has given a cartel of corporations excessive power over consumers. (It's somehow perverse that gigantic former European telemonopolies like Deutsche Telekom and France Telecom are more open and competitive than their American equivalents, even though the former were essentially state-owned bureaucracies until the 1990s.) Hopefully the DMCA exemption will persist, at least. As an alternative to OpenMoko, Nokia's Maemo ( http://www.maemo.org ) is also a fairly standard Linux platform based on GTK+ and Hildon. Nokia also owns Qt nowadays, so it will be integrated in Maemo eventually. I rather like Maemo. The first versions that shipped on the N770 and N800 tablets were shaky, but they've made a lot of progress -- IMO it's finally delivering on the promise of a user-friendly Internet-oriented pocketable UI on top of Linux. Graphics performance has been a weak point of the platform, which is a shame considering that the displays on the Nokia tablets have been very good. But the upcoming version 5 of Maemo will finally enable 3D graphics acceleration on TI's OMAP3 platform (same CPU+GPU platform as used in the Palm Pre). Maemo 5 includes the Clutter API for building accelerated UIs. (Maemo 5 will also include 3G mobile phone connectivity support, so it will effectively become a phone OS... I wouldn't have bothered to bring it up in this context otherwise :)) > Right now, all I can imagine is that if something like that happens then we would find people selling apps like how vegetables and clothes are sold now. Free-form retailership (anyone can sell apps). You could be competing with your friend if both you and your friend have your app stores. Funny -- this is exactly how Java mobile phone games have been sold in my country (and presumably most of Europe) since about 2003. Purchases are initiated by SMS and delivered as over-the-air downloads, so starting up a "mobile game store" is as easy as getting an SMS short number and hooking up the content delivery system. Most of these companies also sell other mobile content as well -- ringtones, background images, clip art for picture messaging, and so on. At least a couple of years ago, they were doing pretty good business, and the content stores were running lots of ads in both traditional and online media. (The newspaper ads were basically filled to the brim with little previews of the "hottest" graphics, games and songs available; each content item had a code for ordering by SMS.) I don't see those ads as much anymore though, so maybe the novelty of mobile phone content downloads has dried up... Or maybe they're now advertising more directly to the teenagers who actually buy this stuff. Still, I definitely prefer this kind of fully open distribution to the "walled garden" approach of on-device app stores that seems to be all the rage in America now. (Why should the hardware vendor become the dictator of content distribution? I don't see the benefits.) Sorry for asking such a newbie question, but for my education I'd like to know: why was my comment downmodded? Is it considered off-topic? Before SmartSuite (and also before MS Office), there was Lotus Symphony in the latter half of the 1980s. It was a DOS-based integrated office program that tried to capitalize on the popularity of Lotus 1-2-3 but never reached its level of success. The article suggests that Microsoft should spend 1-2 billion USD to buy Palm because the Pre is an innovative gadget. The unanswered question is: would it be worth that much to Microsoft to acquire a mobile phone company that has completely lost its relevance and marketshare outside North America, and has little to do with Microsoft's business-oriented Windows Mobile strategy? Palm under Microsoft would become the "Zune phone" -- a vertical integration experiment detached from the goals of the rest of the company. But didn't Microsoft already buy Danger (maker of Sidekick/HipTop/whatever) not long ago? It's possible Danger is already working on something along those lines, but with more Windows integration than Palm's web-oriented Linux+WebKit device provides. Where would Palm fit in? Apple inherited Obj-C in late 1996 when they decided on NextStep as the replacement for the aging Mac OS. (That purchase also brought in Steve Jobs as an "adviser" to CEO Gil Amelio... Six months later, Amelio and the executives that had made the Next decision were out and Jobs was running the show.) At first Obj-C's future at Apple seemed far from certain. First there was a proposal to make the syntax more like C++, and later there was a strong push to switch to Java as the main language for the Cocoa API. Next's flagship product WebObjects (a Cocoa-based Web app server and framework) was rewritten in Java by the year 2000. Mac OS X still hadn't shipped, but Obj-C was not getting a place in the limelight as most of the new APIs were plain C (CoreFoundation, CoreAudio, new Carbon) to accomodate both old Mac developers and cross-platform developers. Apple's Obj-C faith was gradually restored during this decade. The touted Cocoa-Java bridge did work, but there was a fairly fundamental "impedance mismatch" between Cocoa's API design and Java's static nature. Cocoa-Java was deprecated in Mac OS X 10.4, leaving Obj-C as the only native development language for Cocoa. Carbon on the other hand kept growing up to 10.5, and it gained a lot of features that were effectively plain-C wrapped C++ implementations of Cocoa features (HIViews, NIB support). Clearly the notion of having to maintain these parallel APIs for GUI development didn't please decision makers at Apple, as 64-bit Carbon was pulled at the last minute from OS X 10.5, thus leaving Obj-C and Cocoa as the only game in Mac town for 64-bit GUI applications (which of course sent a clear signal that building new applications on Carbon isn't a good idea regardless of whether you need 64-bit support right now). So why did Obj-C win? At least one thing that makes it a good fit for publishing OS-level APIs is that it's inherently late-bound and duck-typed. A Cocoa program can thus easily make use of new API features without having to explicitly link against the new version of the framework. (This is particularly important because Apple doesn't update their frameworks separately from the OS, unlike Microsoft with .NET.) For example, if Mac OS X 10.3 added a -foo:bar: method to NSWindow, an application could easily check for the availability of this particular method while still maintaining compatibility with older operating systems, like this: if ([window respondsToSelector:@selector(foo:bar:)]) { // do fancy 10.3 specific effects here } This is good news. Theora (the open-source video codec whose development Mozilla is supporting with this grant) is mature and there is an irrevocable license to free use of the original patents covering the compression technology, so there's at least a good chance that it truly is "patent-free". The downside of Theora is that its compression quality is a generation behind H.264 or the latest Windows Media codecs. But web users in general are not sticklers about video compression artifacts: YouTube was for a long time limited to 320*240 video compressed with Sorenson Spark (a H.263 variant of worse quality than Theora), and that didn't hinder its success. If wide support by next-generation browsers makes it possible to start delivering compelling content in Theora, it has a chance. It seems to be mostly about patents. The H.264 patent pool contains hundreds of patents owned by 23 organizations. Many of them appear generic enough that any new codec would run a serious risk of infringing them. For example, one of H.264's major improvements over previous codecs is the use of arithmetic coding, and there's a patent in the pool concerning a "method and apparatus for binarization and arithmetic coding of a data value". (Here's an interesting mini white paper about the codec patent situation: http://www.vcodex.com/videocodingpatents.html ) Worse, there's the possibility of submarine patents that are not included in the H.264 pool. Qualcomm has already attempted to sue Broadcom for making H.264-compliant products that allegedly infringed Qualcomm patents (which Qualcomm had not disclosed when H.264 was being developed). They lost the case, but the US Court of Appeals specifically limited the scope of those patents' unenforceability only to products which are covered by a H.264 license. That means Qualcomm is still free to sue for any independently developed non-H.264 codecs that might be similar enough. 20 years seems like a long commitment to any particular technology. In 1989, token ring (a LAN technology backed by IBM) was a viable alternative to Ethernet. If a particularly info-highway-smitten municipality had made a 20-year deal with IBM to have token ring networking installed in all new buildings, they would have been kicking themselves for the past 15 years... Looking around on Edward Tufte's site, I was a bit surprised to find pixel fonts with hideous kerning on his front page: http://www.edwardtufte.com/tufte/index (I'm talking about the captions on the smaller images below the motion blur dog; they basically read as "16 new pr ints by ed ward t ufte", etc.) I'm not suggesting Tufte is a bad designer for having a couple of ugly captions, or anything like that (presumably he has someone else doing the actual Photoshop work for stuff like this). Rather my point is simply that when the expectations are very high -- he has a NYT quote on that same page calling him "the Leonardo da Vinci of data" -- this kind of tiny detail leaps out because poor typography is an example of how design mistakes can make it more difficult to convey information. It's nice to see Haiku making such good progress -- I feel that the existence of a user-friendly open source OS that's not a UNIX or Windows derivative is a good thing in itself, if only because it may be keeping alive some ideas that don't fit in the legacy-oriented Linux mold. Maybe Haiku could become a nice netbook OS? Its single-user media focus certainly fits the bill. (Although Internet appliance computers were Be, Inc.'s swan song marketing attempt as well, so maybe they don't want to reopen that wound...) I do think that Haiku needs some kind of forward-looking showcase project with a bit of gloss. Right now the superficial impression is that they've mostly catched up to a decade-old commercial project. Consider these screenshots of the first and latest release of this system... BeOS Developer Release 4, from 1994: http://osnews.com/img/20869/screen2.gif Haiku, from 2009: http://osnews.com/img/20951/1.png (I prefer the 1994 version actually -- those tight pixel fonts and prominent grids of awesome 45°/30° icons must have something to do with it... The old light-grey look actually looks fairly contemporary alongside the Leopard and Windows 7 aesthetic.) Instead of Steve Jobs, Apple would have acquired Jean-Louis Gassée... But he probably wouldn't have been in a position to take over the CEO job, not to mention being able to replace many of the important executives with those from the acquired company. More fundamentally: Gassée probably wouldn't have been able to reinvent Apple's engineering values and sprawling product lineup the way Jobs did, simply because he had been so heavily involved in the first place in what Apple had become since Jobs's departure. (AFAIK, Gassée was in charge of the infamous Macintosh Portable project: http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Macintosh_Portable ... So it's clear that he doesn't have Jobs's nearly infallible design taste for compact computers and lustworthy gadgets :)) Cocotron -- http://cocotron.org -- is a project that goes a fair way in that direction, although through source compatibility rather than binary compability. It's two things: 1) An MIT-licensed reimplementation of Cocoa (Foundation + AppKit + some CoreFoundation plain-C APIs) 2) A cross-compiler GCC toolchain that produces native Win32 binaries and installs into Xcode. (There is also some degree of Linux support.) The benefit of this combination is that you can basically add a Windows target to an existing Cocoa project in Xcode and have it produce an .exe file... At least if all the methods used by your application happen to be implemented in Cocotron. There's still quite a bit of the Cocoa API missing, but the amount of work already done is impressive -- and one of the really great things about Cocotron is that it feels so easy to contribute to the base frameworks. The Foundation and AppKit projects are clean of cruft, neatly laid out, and they are built as Xcode projects so there's no toolchain learning curve: if your favorite esoteric NSString method is missing, you can simply open Foundation.xcodeproj and implement it. For me, Cocotron is cross-platform Objective-C that "just works". YMMV. It seems like the analog clock widget is the perennial "Hello World" of slightly more advanced GUI applications. Anyone can implement it (no spec required), it's somewhat fun to write, and it works as a test for some of the more essential APIs in a GUI operating system such as vector graphics and timer events. I think there's also a psychological aspect involved. The analog clock may be popular precisely because it's inefficient in the ways you described. Including it in a computer operating system may be an attempt to communicate that the system's designers want to respect traditional GUI values like user-centric design and real-world metaphors; that it's the kind of system where they don't mind spending CPU cycles on an inefficient information element as long as it breaks the monotony of text-based interfaces and offers a small tinge of familiarity. (The analog clock is something that you wouldn't find on a 1984 IBM system.) Such a system would be particularly valuable for the European Union. The EU has over 20 official languages, and all legislation approved by the EU needs to be translated into all of the languages. (The situation is further complicated by several categories of laws: EU regulations are practically equal to federal laws, whereas EU directives are "law blueprints" that must be translated into national law, thus giving member states some leeway on how to implement them.) I don't know exactly how EU lawmaking works (nor do I really want to know too much about what goes on in that monstrous Brussels/Strasbourg sausage factory), but I'd presume that the law drafts are most commonly worked out in English and French. A final document is then produced in either of these dominant languages, but it's written in a specific form to make it easier to translate into 20+ languages without catastrophic signal loss. Your system could replace that subset of English or French... And it might actually be fairly easily accepted by EU officials because it would offer a scientific, seemingly objective solution to the perennial problem of what language the EU itself speaks (currently the situation is rather close to "all EU languages are equal, but some are more equal than others"). "I am confused about how foreign banks got stung, what with all their superior regulation and all." Foreign banks had subsidiaries in the US or UK which could participate in unregulated derivatives trading. Isn't that what happened in the famous 1995 collapse of Barings Bank as well? Enormous losses from speculative trading were made in the Singapore market by the local branch of Barings, which led to the insolvency of the entire UK-based bank. IBM has the POWER lineage of RISC CPUs for servers, which has consistently beaten Sparc in benchmarks for at least the past eight years or so. POWER also has the advantage of having a shared ISA (and thus shared R&D) with IBM's PowerPC-based mainstream products, e.g. the CPUs used in Xbox 360 and Playstation 3. Thus I think that Sparc will be among the first casualties if this merger goes through. Thanks a lot for the helpful comments! I removed some unnecessary sentences from the frontpage, but I guess it really needs a thoughtful rewrite to become easier to read. English isn't my first language, so I always feel like my English writing ends up contrived and doesn't quite grasp the natural flow of the language... The idea of using primarily images on the front page sounds really good, I'll ask the graphic designer to think about it (but it naturally depends on how soon she wants to spend her free time on this project again). Of course, if any of you native speakers feel like coming up with some better copy for this software, I'd be absolutely relieved to take your help :) "The competition for this application would seem to be the iPhone." One is a device and an operating system, the other is a free application. The two are by definition complementary rather than mutually exclusive, so where is the competition? Your comment seems to be based on a defensive kind of thinking where everything comes down to iPhone vs. the world -- "either you're with us or you're against us". In this case I feel that it's entirely unjustified, and overall I believe the iPhone community might benefit from a more open attitude towards coexistence and collaboration with others in the mobile space. Everyone who doesn't support your preferred platform to the exclusion of others is not automatically an enemy to your goals. The license situation with this game is interesting. Carmack based this new port on an updated "Redux" version of his original codebase which is under GPL, so the resulting iPhone game is under GPL as well. But the iPhone user cannot benefit from the free license: although the source is available, it's not possible to install a freshly compiled version of the game on the device. I suppose that someone could submit a free version of the app to the App Store, but Apple would probably reject it as a duplicate. (I'm not sure if Wolf3D includes artwork or other external assets that are not GPL'd. If so, then a free version would have to provide replacements for those assets, which would essentially make it a different game.) Here's a question which I would love to have answered: does the "anti-tivoization clause" in version 3 of the GPL prevent the distribution of a GPLv3 application on an iPhone-style closed platform? Or is "tivoization" strictly limited to code that's shipped with hardware? It's great to see that these guys are still alive and kicking. The founders of Bitboys have come a long way: they got started with graphics programming some 20 years ago, creating demos for MS-DOS and sharing them with other demomakers. (The Internet wasn't generally available in those early years of the European demoscene, so demos were exchanged through BBSs and by swapping floppies through postal mail.) One of their most famous creations was Second Reality: http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=8G_aUxbbqWU -- it may look plain today, but remember that this was made in 1993 and ran on a 386 with plain VGA... Nice -- I sent Brand New this tip about Symbian's redesign, and in return they linked to my startup from the tip credit. (I make video effects software that can be of interest to a design blog's readership, so the exposure is welcome.) Indeed. There's no shortage of success stories in mobile development before Apple or Google came along, but they mostly took place a long way from Silicon Valley. In 2004, I was working as a graphics artist for a Finnish startup that was in the business of making Java games for phones. The company had started with three founders two years earlier, and when I got there, they employed over 30 people and kept growing. They had struck deals with operators across Europe, and game sales were taking off in a serious way. (Ordinary people were buying millions of units of over-the-air distributed Java software for phones already in 2004 -- but I guess those that were successful in this market were not terribly interested in attracting competitors by making a lot of noise about it.) The games were good enough that everybody could be proud of the work. On the best phones, the graphics and sound quality was on the level of Amiga or 386+VGA PCs. But more importantly, the games scaled down graciously to the most primitive color-screen phones with resolutions circa 128*80 pixels: thanks to a well-thought out set of APIs, an asset workflow designed for scalability and an extensive database of device capabilities, games could be easily built for dozens of devices. I ended up leaving that job fairly quickly because I figured out I'd rather be pushing around millions of pixels on the GPU with code, rather than pushing around individual pixels in Photoshop manually. But I know the company was acquired by a large American corporation not long after, and I think the founders ended up very well rewarded for having created that rare combination of technical competence (the APIs and development process), marketing (the relationships with international operators) and artistic integrity (the games looked good and played well). For a UI toolkit, they don't seem to parade all that many screenshots (or maybe I didn't find the right page). All the examples shown are from audio software with pixel-precise design. Fancy gradients, photorealistic knobs and tiny text labels are certainly the right choice for this type of applications (it's actually pretty interesting how certain software niches have instantly recognizable signature looks which all the vendors within that space share as if bound by an unspoken agreement). But I'd also like to know whether Nui can handle flexible layouts, long text paragraphs, user font preferences, accessibility concerns, tabbing between controls, etc. In a way, Nui seems like an "anti-GTK+", in the sense that GTK+ tends to look very plain and can be difficult to customise for pixel-perfect layouts, but does fairly comprehensively handle all the boring usability and layout automatisation stuff. What you're looking at is the "Classic" UI theme. Windows has supported themes since XP (released in 2001), and as of Vista there is also an optional desktop compositor that uses GPU texturing and shaders for transparency and blur effects. But this is a preview of Exchange Server 2010. Why exactly would you want GPU compositing or gradient buttons on a server? IIRC, Photoshop has defaulted to saving as TIFF since version 7.0 (introduced over seven years ago). I guess they realized long ago that PSD had become an unmaintainable mess. TIFF was designed to be extensible with custom data chunks and it predates PSD, so it probably would have been the best choice all along. I'd guess Adobe decided against it for "NIH" reasons: TIFF was originally created by Aldus, a competitor in the desktop publishing market... But Adobe ended up acquiring Aldus in the mid-'90s so that reason vanished, leaving PSD and the billions of images saved in that format as a depressing monument of obsolete corporate politics. (Of course the harm done is very limited, since those affected by PSD's problems are just developers -- users don't care as long as their files are saved and opened reliably and quickly.) I think that many of these inane inconsistencies in Win32 stem from the desire to sneak in "just a bit more features" while officially maintaining full compatibility with Win16. In the book Showstopper! , which documents the creation of Windows NT (a rather fascinating read), there's a revealing passage about how Microsoft got this Windows backwards compatibility religion. Windows had been intended to be a transitional DOS-based system on the way to OS/2, but then Windows 3.0 became an enormous success almost overnight, and Microsoft decided to break up with IBM over OS/2 development. NT had been intended to have "multiple personalities" in the form of multiple user-level APIs, with OS/2 as the primary one. The breakup had left them without a 32-bit API. With the success of Windows 3 depending to such a large degree on backwards compatibility with DOS, it made sense that the new API should match the existing Windows API as closely as possible. Besides, there was no time to spend on redesigning anything -- they couldn't afford to let IBM's 32-bit OS/2 to steal the market before NT. To ensure that the new "Win32" matched the old "Win16" as closely as possible, it's mentioned in the book that any API changes had to be presented for approval by Ballmer himself...! Perhaps the group in charge of the GetMessage() function figured that they could manage just fine with the existing BOOL return type (which is just a typedef for int), rather than risk Ballmer's wrath over the cosmetic API change. Yeah, PSD is still at the top. I could swear that a fresh install of Photoshop 7.0 defaulted to TIFF -- I remember it because it was also the first OS X compatible version, so all changes felt intriguing... But I don't know if they changed that later due to feedback, or if I hallucinated the whole thing due to spending so much time staring at the rainbow spin cursor (Photoshop on Mac OS X 10.1 and a G4 was not particularly snappy). Anyway, Photoshop guru Jeff Schewe recommends TIFF over PSD: http://www.luminous-landscape.com/forum/lofiversion/index.ph... "Everything that can be saved in a PSD can also be save in a layered Tiff-6.0 file format...everything, paths, channels, layers, transparency, layer effects...there is nothing that PSD has "special" any longer and when that happened, Bruce and several engineers and I realized that the end of the Photoshop native file format had arrived. "Tiff has better compression (zipped tifs), can save everything that a PSD can save and be as large as 4 gigs in size (I think PSD is still limited to 2 gigs). Tiff is publicly documented where PSD requires a special NDA to access the internals. As a result, tiff is a more "archival" format while losing nothing by being used." [- - ] "So, since Photoshop CS, only PSB is a format unique to Photoshop which does not fall under the heading of having to work with the Suite...and when once looks at all the pluses and minus, I think layered TIFF's offer the best file format for pixels today-unless you are talking raw and then it's DNG-which is essentially, a TIFF-EP file, a variant of Tiff-6. "Which was one reason that Mark Hamburg, when Lightroom was first released in beta fought really, really hard AGAINST allowing PSD files into Lightroom. He lost that battle. "So, at best figure that PSD and TIFF are equal but since TIFF is a documented file format and PSD isn't, I lean towards using tiffs whenever possible...because PSD files, suck-and have since Photoshop CS." Windows NT also supported PowerPC (the CPU was switched to little-endian mode on boot). I'm sure they could support ARM for the base Windows OS, but lack of application compatibility would mean a lot of user confusion that would only damage the brand. ("It's called Windows, it looks like Windows, so why doesn't anything happen when I insert the install CD for FooApp from 1999?") Emulating x86 on ARM wouldn't do much good either. Apple was able to pull it off for their PPC->x86 transition because the new CPUs were substantially faster and memory had become abundant. ARM-based netbooks don't have either of those benefits (if the budget for these machines allowed big CPUs and lots of memory, they would just use x86). That's pretty much how it works in Finland, at least. You get a "tax proposal" in the mail. If it's missing deductions or you have special reporting duties like foreign capital gains, you can amend it and return the form; otherwise you don't have to file anything. (It seems that the majority is satisfied with the proposal as-is, which presumably is a great relief to the tax office compared to the old days when everyone had to file their own forms.) In 14th century Venice, Jews were only permitted to live in an area of the city known as Ghetto. The word has since acquired many more layers of unpleasant antisemitic connotations, yet Ghetto is marked on tourist maps of Venice today. Maybe Tokyo will eventually become as open about its history -- but before that can happen, quite a few people will have to stop thinking about others by 17th century Edo period standards, it seems. Flash has the same problem as IE -- nobody upgrades it, so you can't use new features unless you have something very cool to offer. Adobe's census claims that Flash Player 10 reached over 70% penetration just five months after its release (last November): http://www.adobe.com/products/player_census/flashplayer/vers... It's already possible to do true multicore processing in Flash Player 10 using the Pixel Bender runtime. It's a bit cumbersome because you need to write your processing kernel in the data-parallel Pixel Bender language and call it from ActionScript using the ShaderJob object. However it's definitely worth it for any parallelizable data-crunching tasks because you get both JIT compilation and multicore support. (Flash Player 10 compiles the processing kernel to native x86 code on the fly and splits the work across up to 8 native threads, IIRC.) Sweden is "falling apart"? Way to exaggerate... Here's some Nordic news in a similarly credible vein: - Finland's population vanishes entirely due to suicides and domestic knife violence - Norwegian language extinct due to general sulkiness - Iceland disappears into the Atlantic under the weight of Kaupthing Bank's debt - Danes eat too much fatty foods, explode leaving a greasy stain on EU map Btw, the Nokia 1100 is the best selling consumer electronics device ever -- they sold over 200 million units of this single model in 2003-2007. Fascinating analysis of the new "metaplatform" (a.k.a. cloud); how it relates to mobile computing and networks, and what opportunities it presents to OS and application vendors. My favorite piece of advice: Many successful app vendors are trying to create APIs that will enable other developers to extend their products. This is the right idea, but the implementation is often off-target. Many of the app companies I talk to are trying to make their APIs into the business equivalent of an operating system, with developers coming to them and living entirely within their private ecosystem. A warning sign is when a company uses a phrase like, "(insert company name) developer network" to describe its offering. The wave of the future is not turning an application inward into its own little walled garden; it's opening the application outward so it can be mixed and matched with other functionality in the metaplatform. If you have the best drawing program in the industry, you should be asking how you can also become the best drawing module in the metaplatform. Get used to being a component in addition to a standalone product. You lose some identity in the process, but gain greater opportunities to grow. The reviewers are probably outsourced in India: they just follow a flowchart procedure using Apple's automatic testing tools, and have absolutely no idea that someone on the Internet cares so much about the results that they report back to Cupertino. My point was that the reviewers might actually be regular people who are simply doing the job they're given, and who don't spend their free time reading blogs that obsess about the products they have to deal with at work. (Next time I'll remember to use Iceland as the rhetorical outsourcing destination because it's less likely to accidentally offend anyone.) Dr. Boguslaw Pawlowski of Wroclaw suggested a theory to explain permanent breasts in 1999. I thought this was a dead giveaway that the whole article is a parody, but googling reveals that Dr. Bogusław Pawlowski apparently does exist. I think it's mainly due to the market having settled on two instruction sets: x86 and ARM. Ten years ago creating ISA-specific code was a much more risky decision because it would inhibit or complicate porting to one of the other architectures (PowerPC, SPARC, Itanium, Alpha and MIPS were still viable -- now only PowerPC remains as a distant third in the ISA contest, holding niches in game consoles and IBM's high-end servers). Of course the SD slot is not a very welcome change to people who have stuff that plugs in that "flap thing", because now the MacBook Pro apparently doesn't have any means of internal expansion. (Why is it called Pro again?) According to market share statistics, less than 1% of computer users have a MacBook Pro. Hmm. Python has been available for Symbian/S60 for at least five years. Surely there are interactive scripting environments on Windows Mobile as well. What makes ASE special? I haven't tried it, but I don't see why not... The project's feature list mentions that there's a console for interactive development. Of course Symbian is one of those old-fashioned operating systems with a user-accessible file system, so one can also just open a text editor, write a script, save it as a file and run it the PyS60 script shell. After the French Revolution, the Republic adopted a base-10 calendar. The number of months remained at 12, but a month's length was made uniform: each was divided into three weeks of 10 days. The clock was modified accordingly: each day was divided into ten hours, each hour into 100 decimal minutes and each decimal minute had 100 decimal seconds. The decimal clock was officially used in France in 1793-95. (I'd imagine that any remaining clocks from that era are highly valuable antiques nowadays.) The sexagesimal system for times and angles was already in use in Mesopotamia circa 2000 BC. It's probably even older than that because it's so widespread and well-established in Eurasian cultures. Why would you prefer to keep Earth's revolution around the Sun as the base unit, instead of Earth's revolution around its axis? I would argue that the latter is more relevant for ordinary people. (Consider that Imperial Russia was using the fixed-365-day Julian calendar up to 1918, and they didn't seem to be acutely concerned that calendar months were drifting increasingly out of sync with actual seasons.) I'd suggest adopting a 1000-day year instead. To make the transition easier, the word "year" could be deprecated entirely, and the unit of time would simply be called "kiloday" or "k-day". This proposal would significantly improve everyone's life by eliminating brainless smalltalk about whether it's particularly hot or cold this June compared to last year. Whenever I'm at a party facing the choice of reorienting the conversation towards either the weather or calendar reform, I inevitably go for the latter. Chicks love it. I think Native Client's environment is constrained enough that it would be feasible to implement JIT translation between architectures (i.e. x86 -> ARM). ISA translation tech is already widespread: a company called Transitive has been quite successful in offering translation products for Unix vendors who have needed to transition their customers to a new architecture (most visibly they provided the PPC->x86 translation engine for Apple's "Rosetta"). With Native Client, the translation ought to be made easier by the structural limitations that are imposed on NaCl modules primarily for security purposes -- to use a natural language analogy, it's easier to translate a text if you know all the words originate from a certain dictionary. The Swedish Army has not actually fought a war since 1809, so they've had two hundred years to hone their Flash design skills to perfection... A very solid game-like web experience. Despite all the talk, it's going to be a while until HTML 5's and can deliver something like this. Sweden unwittingly executed a great strategic manoeuvre by surrendering all of Finland to Russia in that last war of theirs. That reduced Sweden's land border with Russia to a fraction of what it used to be. Later Finland became independent, which eliminated Sweden's Russian exposure completely. It's easier to maintain peace when you don't share a border with a chronically unstable aggressive empire. Were one to look at his actual point, one might also go back 30 years and wonder if those silly upstarts at Microsoft with their "pee sees" have a chance against serious mainframes, with the millions of lines of code already written for them. That comparison would only make sense if mainframes and PCs cost essentially the same, used the same hardware platform, and the mainframe could run all the software as the PC (but not the other way around). Mercedes is quite active at the lowest end of the market: they produce cute microcars under the Smart brand. (I guess Smarts might not be available in the US at all, considering Americans' excess-oriented taste in automobiles.) I don't think the "Apple of automobiles" exists, in the sense of there being a premium brand with substantial marketshare that would be operated by an independent company. (Porsche recently became a subsidiary of Volkswagen.) Edit -- on second thought, I guess BMW could be it. They are still independent and don't produce anything cheaper than the Mini. I don't read Gizmodo because I had the impression that it's a completely tabloidish gadget blog. But their 1979 series (to which this post by BG ties) actually looks pretty great. At least the Golden Age of Lego gallery gave me that pleasantly piercing rush of nostalgia: http://gizmodo.com/5318253/1979-the-golden-age-of-lego/galle... I haven't seen C used outside of those realms in a long time. For an example of modern high-level C, check out GTK+. It's a sprawling cross-platform GUI library that provides the foundation for the arguably most popular Linux desktop environment (GNOME). Although GNOME apps are frequently written in higher-level languages using bindings, GTK+ itself is plain C. The screenshots look good, but the terse homepage had me slightly confused about what the product actually does. (Admittedly I'm probably not part of the target market either.) The one-line description of the product -- "Online web database" -- seems to contain a tautology: if it's on the web, doesn't that imply it's online? Besides, I'm looking at a web browser, so I'm primed to expect a web application. What's left is just the word "database". Is your product very similar to an established database application, say, FileMaker? If not, then you need to come up with a better description. I'm not American, but I don't see the problem here. Why would you want to be producing polluting hunks of metal if you can avoid it? As far as the Toynbee "plunder economy" quote goes, I don't find it applicable simply because the American Empire doesn't seem to be very good at extracting tribute from conquered territories. The success of the United States is built on something completely else. For recent examples, compare the economic benefits of the Iraq conquest to those of having Google in your country -- private innovation triumphs over imperialism as an economic engine. Worse, the lowercase "ns" prefix is used by Mozilla. E.g. https://developer.mozilla.org/en/nsString It takes some courage to admit that on a site populated by software entrepreneurs. (I'm not condemning you -- but I do think that cracking shareware is the computer equivalent of meticulously planning how to steal coins from the collection plate at a slum church.) Are you sure about that? Flash has one significant advantage over plain in a browser: it's got a guaranteed compositing model. This is important for YouTube because they display advertisements as alpha-blended overlays on top of the video. If they switched to , there would be no guarantees whether a browser supports compositing of s over a video layer. On some platforms video hardware acceleration is implemented in such a way that it's not possible to render any other content over the accelerated video window, so just checking by user agent wouldn't be sufficient to ensure that compositing is available. It's a can of worms that YouTube might not want to open, considering the increasing importance of on-video ads to their revenues. I think freeing themselves from Flash is worth potentially having to display ads beside a video instead of on it. I don't have any numbers to support this assertion, but I'm convinced that the on-video ads are enormously more effective than any alternative that would place the ads outside the video frame. (For one, the on-video ads are in a location where viewers are conditioned to watch for subtitles, which makes them that much more difficult to avoid.) In WebKit, you can composite on top no problem. Not everywhere. I'd bet it doesn't work in Nokia's WebKit browser on Symbian because the platform doesn't support compositing on accelerated video. The same problem may exist on Windows (depending on graphics drivers and DWM), if rendering is implemented using DirectShow. Helsinki, Finland. Binary plugins have the ability to crash the host application regardless of platform. Sometimes they can be contained in a separate process (I think Apple does this with 10.5's QuickLook plugins to prevent them from crashing Finder), but that's not always an option due to interprocess communication overhead or shared state that can't be easily distributed (e.g. windows on OS X). 640*360 is actually fairly common on smartphones outside USA because it's the resolution used by the Symbian 5th Edition platform. (Devices using it include Nokia 5800, Nokia N97, Samsung i8910 and Sony Ericsson's upcoming Satio.) It's not an "announcement". Quite the opposite: Nokia has explicitly denied FTD's report that they would be abandoning Symbian. However, phones equipped with Maemo 5 are definitely coming to the high end of Nokia's range. (Symbian's strength is that it works with substantially cheaper hardware than any of the competing smartphone OSs, which is great for Nokia, as they are particularly strong globally at the lower end of the market and in emerging markets.) The important point is that Nokia is adopting the Qt toolkit across the range. Both Symbian and Maemo will have Qt at the top of the stack by 2011. At that point, the underlying operating system won't be particularly relevant to application developers anymore: C++ software written to Qt (with the upcoming Orbit touch UI framework) will be just a recompile away from being ported to Symbian. I feel a bit sorry for Riverbank, the company that makes the existing PyQt bindings, because their business model is being wiped out as Nokia replicates their efforts 1:1. Riverbank relied on dual licensing (GPL + commercial) to monetize their open source work, but this doesn't work anymore as Nokia has converted the entire Qt ecosystem to LGPL. But such is life for a toolmaker: when the platform provider decides that your product is good enough to be integrated, you're out of business. The best defense is probably to make tools that are not merely API plumbing, but have a user-facing component that is not easily replicated. The PySide FAQ says: Nokia’s initial research into Python bindings for Qt involved speaking with Riverbank Computing, the makers of PyQt. We had several discussions with them to see if it was possible to use PyQt to achieve our goals. Unfortunately, a common agreement could not be found, so in the end we decided to proceed with PySide. It sounds like Nokia wanted to make a deal first. Maybe Riverbank underestimated Nokia's willingness to throw sheer manpower at working around them, or perhaps Riverbank thought that reimplementing the APIs through "cleanroom" reverse engineering would be more difficult than it turned out to be. I was wondering about that as well. Maybe there's an invalid memory region on this platform which free() knows about and will silently ignore (for example the first N bytes of the address space), and the controller IDs happen to be in that range? Seems unlikely, but I can't think of anything else to explain it... Why do American consumers put up with that? (It's not like that anywhere else in the world, AFAIK.) If you have a landline phone and it rings, you don't expect to be paying the bill... How did it happen that mobile phones got treated differently and nobody raised a stink about this rip-off? Huh. Nokia is pretty much the #1 sugar daddy of open source in the mobile tech business. In the past year, they have: * Bought Symbian and open-sourced the entire OS. * Bought Trolltech, relicensed the Qt toolkit to LGPL, and developed new Python bindings from scratch. * Poured investment into Maemo, including 3G phone support (check out the upcoming Nokia N900). They're just testing the waters with this new Windows 7 notebook. (Did you notice that the screenshots are mostly showing Ovi Suite 2.0 which is Qt-based and will be available on Linux as well?) The OneApp client is almost guaranteed to be a Java Mobile Edition application, because that's the only widespread software platform for feature phones. It's fairly ironic that Microsoft's "Unlimited Potential" group develops Java software... But perhaps they've been tasked specifically to unleash their potential by overcoming the traditional Microsoft NIH / Embrace&Extend development paradigms. Rumors and FCC documents suggest that the N900 will be available in USA with T-Mobile's 3G frequencies. Nokia probably wouldn't go through the effort of building a special version for T-Mobile US unless they have a deal in place that the device will be subsidised by the carrier. So there's a fair chance that this will be available in the US for considerably less than 500 euros (my guess for the T-M price would be $199, but who knows?). Based on the linked issue thread, the MediaCoder author also makes money by bundling commercial crapware in the "free" version's installer. What's a "designer framework" anyway? I would just call this a template... Wallah! Task lists. I can understand leaving out the accent on voilà, but "wallah"? It's not even pronounced like that. If you Americans insist on writing French with such a horrible accent, I'm going to start raiting English vit my Finnish äksent. Rivendz vil pi sviit. This is from 2005, and also not very interesting. I wonder how the transition to Qt in Maemo 6 will work out in practice. We know GTK+/Hildon won't be removed, but will the new Qt-based touch UI layer build upon this impressive base in Maemo 5, sharing as much code as possible? Or will there be a parallel Qt implementation of the same concepts -- superficially similar, but internally entirely separate from Hildon? Perhaps the likeliest outcome will be akin to Carbon vs. Cocoa on Mac OS X. The two will track each other for quite some time; some components in both APIs will be implemented on top of the other as deemed appropriate; but it's inevitable that the platform owner will eventually make a clear stand for the API that's better aligned with their overall goals and whose development they control more tightly. (Mac OS X's iPhone fork was the final nail in Carbon's coffin, and the political preference for Qt across all of Nokia's platforms will eventually kill Hildon.) 8 MB is also the default on Mac OS X. That's for the main thread -- for other threads (at least those created by the standard pthread mechanism), it's only 512 kB: http://developer.apple.com/mac/library/qa/qa2005/qa1419.html There's a lot of software on a modern phone. For at least a decade, all the major mobile phone manufacturers have been large software companies. I don't see what would have changed significantly at Motorola: if anything, they seem to be scaling back their software effort, letting Google take care of the platform. (Previously Mot was involved with Symbian and had a custom mobile Linux variant -- http://developer.motorola.com/platforms/mobile-linux -- in addition to its proprietary "dumbphone" OS which is used on most of the handsets the company still manages to sell. All of these projects are likely much bigger efforts in terms of manpower than this new "social" shell on top of Android.) Industrial meat production is ecologically unsustainable. Replacing cows, pigs and chickens with these soulless flesh-trilobites would do nothing to solve the real problem: there are billions of people mainly in Asia aspiring for the Western lifestyle, and the Earth can't support it. (Sounds like a recipe for global war.) In the Roman era, clothes were washed with human urine. Fortunately modern detergents are not merely synthetic urine... Similarly, we need to give up on the notion of somehow producing indistinguishable ersatz-meat, and instead invent something fundamentally better. (Personally I think the Chinese already did it a thousand years ago with the invention of tofu, but I know most people don't agree.) There wouldn't have been an iPhone, but the Newton would most likely have become a smartphone platform. (Actually a hypothetical 2002 NewtonPhone might have been quite the killer product against the first iterations of Symbian, Windows Mobile and PalmOS on Treos...) Don't underestimate the willingness of third world families to send their children to the US under this "fat check visa" scheme, regardless of whether they would have any source of guaranteed income. Currently Africans are commonly paying over 10,000 euros for an illegal trip to an undetermined European country. The families raise the money for young men even though there's no guarantee whether the kid will end up in Norway or Italy (and often no further than Morocco). Compared to this, a five-year US visa for $50k would be an extremely attractive option. I doubt that desperate young men whose families are hopelessly in debt are the kind of immigrants that the US would want to specifically attract. Marko Ahtisaari's primary credential is that he's the son of former Finnish president (and Nobel Peace Prize laureate) Martti Ahtisaari. Dopplr always seemed like a startup that's been tailor-designed for a Nokia acquisition exit. Glad to see it worked out for them. ".su", the TLD assigned to the Soviet Union, is still in use and has no expiration in sight. It seems a bit strange that .yu is being phased out so rapidly. By the same logic, universal suffrage is an unfortunate political compromise to meet the whims of minorities, and the "true" right to vote belongs to upper-class men only, as established by the traditional definition of democracy. I still remember having to look into a French-English dictionary to find the right word for 'spacesuit'... I had the same experience playing Space Quest I as an 8-year-old kid with my friend. Except that it didn't occur to us to look up words in a dictionary; instead we kept calling an older friend who actually knew English and could tell us the magic incantations we needed to type to get somewhere in the game. I'll never forget that you need to "fasten seatbelt" before launching the escape pod. Congratulations Americans. Above all, this award is a recognition that the United States still stands for something unique. (It's hard to imagine the Peace Prize going to any other major political leader currently in office. Hu Jintao? Dmitry Medvedev? José Manuel Barroso? Nah.) Why does Adobe want to dilute the powerful Photoshop brand with weak crap like this? It's the equivalent of Apple buying a pile of old Motorola StarTAC phones and slapping an "iPhone" sticker on them. Fisheye visionaries. Their angle of view is so wide that they get motion sickness from the slightest movement. Thus they'll rather remain stationary for as long as possible. Shipping comes first. You won't find out if it really works without shipping it. When you choose "Quit" from the Program Manager in Windows 3.1, you're back in DOS. Couldn't you run Lemmings that way? How about the Nokia N900? It's a fully open Linux phone made by a company with a lot of resources (and the need to push the platform, in light of Symbian's failure to live up to expectations). http://maemo.nokia.com/n900 Clickable links: http://lacquer.fi/2020 http://itunes.apple.com/WebObjects/MZStore.woa/wa/viewSoftwa... Personally I find that the sample code is often the most important part of the library. I like to learn by doing, and rewriting sample code into my own style is a great way to do that. It needs to be supported by high-quality documentation, of course - preferably there should be a walkthrough of the code with relevant documentation links that go into more detail to explain the thinking behind the library. What I really hate is documentation that's obviously written by technical writers who understand the concepts in the abstract, but have never written any code using it. It's frustrating to wade through pages and pages of patronizing explanations when a real-world example would do the job so much better. (The worst example of this documentation genre I've ever seen is probably Symbian's C++ API documentation. First they spend an eternity justifying their pseudo-Hungarian type naming convention. Then they introduce a class hierarchy of a dozen classes for basic buffers and strings, dither over all the irrelevant details of the implementation, and claim that it's an "elegant example of object-oriented design". I guess they expect their audience to be of the captive kind that is forced to sit in a class room for a few weeks listening to trivialities, so it makes sense to waste all that time going over outdated '90s buzzwords.) Apple's Aqua window manager supports morphing windows using a warp grid, although the API isn't public. The "Genie" effect (when minimizing to the Dock) is accomplished by distorting the warp grid. (Just in case someone doesn't know this: most of the UI animations on Mac OS X can be viewed in slow motion by simply holding down Shift. This works for all the Dock animations -- minimizing, stack popups, etc. -- and seems to work in many Core Animation situations as well.) Sorry if my point was so unclear. I agree completely that examples are an integral part of documentation. But it sometimes seems that this point is lost on the programmers and tech writers who should be collaborating to produce the documentation (or perhaps management is to blame for treating these roles too separately). The result is often documentation that's too verbose, too rigidly structured according to the implementation's hierarchies and doesn't match the thought processes and expectations of the target users. They're so proud of shipping a Mozilla browser, but how the fuck are they going to integrate that with Qt? I don't see the contradiction there. Mozilla and Qt are at different levels in the GUI stack. (KDE is a Qt-based desktop, yet it runs Firefox just fine.) A handheld device is the last place you want two completely different file-picker dialogs, and you can't cover that shit up with theming. What does Mozilla have to do with file picker dialogs? Firefox uses native dialogs on the platforms it runs on, and so does Nokia's Gecko-based browser on Maemo. Do you really want to be shipping second-party Gecko in the when Webkit is better and you're already paying people to work on it? What's preventing them from switching to a WebKit-based browser when it's ready for production? Why should they have tried to squeeze that into the Maemo 5 dev cycle, when they already have a fine browser? I don't understand your argument at all, because OS and device vendors switch browsers all the time as new alternatives become available. Mac OS X 10.2 still shipped with Internet Explorer 5 as the default browser... And do you really think that 40 BILLION (not million) is required to implement GSM, UMTS and wireless lan ? Did some Standard-Bearing Moses come down from the mountain carrying three stone tablets on which the fully-formed GSM, UMTS and WLAN specifications were inscribed? Of course not. These standards were derived from inventions by Nokia, Ericsson, Qualcomm and many others; inventions that indeed did cost billions to develop.