Apple is getting my money because they have a compelling product NOW. That's the name of the game in business. This is old-fashioned Microsoft FUD, from a fanboy to boot. FaceBook is for friends and family - almost all of whom aren't developers. I use Twitter for geek-related stuff (the term 'geek' encompassing more than just development). Haven't looked at Google+. Based off comments, maybe I should. Don't let other people do your thinking for you, and don't get something just because everyone else is getting it. An iPad is a tool. Either you have a need for it or you don't. In either case, if you decide to get one you're going to discover you're the same old you as you were prior to getting it. And hopefully that's a good thing! :) Are you telling me you can be bought for life for $100? Please. Aside from that this is a good move on Nokia's part. They know they're the underdogs in the market and this is what you have to do as an underdog to have a shot at being a top dog someday. Maybe we should be concerned that men are underrepresented in the biological sciences. If anything this whole infographic can be used to show there's not necessarily a correlation between grades in school and performance on the job. Only Amazon has any assurance of making money. Incredible. What do you people plan on reading when the content providers go out of business? Each other's blogs? Have fun with that. More doing. Less talking. Good job! The trouble with JavaScript is the name is misleading - you're lead to believe it's a scripting form of Java. Instead it's more akin to Lisp in C clothing. Doug Crockford explains it best. http://www.crockford.com/javascript/javascript.html This is the kind of tripe we were hearing just before the bubble burst the last time. Turns out, you really did need to be concerned with how you were going to make money. There are no money fairies that are going to put the dough under your pillow. Assembly isn't difficult to program in, especially with a good macro assembler such as MASM. C'mon. We can give names to functions and call them by name. We can provide names for variables. We can use a linkage editor to produce an executable and resolve external references, meaning we can employ modular programming. How is this insane? Yes it is. That's the simple answer to your question. The SO community has had a different "feel" lately, and I don't like it and I think the mods are something to do with it. That's a subjective statement of course. You might love it. YMMV. Scratch your own itch. Create software YOU want that would be useful to you and you could learn something by creating. Don't worry whether it's a new idea or whether anyone on HN thinks it's cool. Other than that I would recommend learning different types of programming. Systems, applications and web programming come to mind. Use different types of languages too. This is the only way to get real-world experience on the different platforms, tools and programming styles. It's that experience that will move you along in becoming a great programmer. Programmes have always argued^H^H^H^H^H^Hdiscussed text editors. Used to be just emacs and vi. Now we've added more to the stable. But seriously, if you don't want to read the articles on text editors then don't. No one's making you. Maybe this will have the unintended consequence of driving more sales to the boutique computer stores that create their own systems. Zengrammer is awesome! I agree the term brogrammer has negative connotations and its usage needs to stop, except when referring to actual brogrammers of course! ;) Nice try. I have to sign up for Google+ to read on article about Google+? If this is the dodgy tactics used to drive up usage numbers then Google+ must not be offering any intrinsic value. As for now, LinkedIn is providing me greater value. Actual value, without gimmicks. tl;dr - it's no iPad but it's pretty good. I would say that's a fair assessment. And for a lot of couple balking at the $499 entry fee for the iPad, it may just well be what they've been looking for. My iPad integrates with the enterprise. Doing it right now as a matter of fact, and I work for a conservative Fortune 200 company with stringent, U.S. Federal Government mandated, security requirements. My iPad has become my main mobile machine at work, and with the exception of reading HN, I do real work with it - not just web surfing. And Androids need not apply. We stopped supporting them. Too many security issues as a result of their divergent platform. That's a good point: you can buy Windows 7 tablets today and yet Apple owns the tablet market. We can only reasonably assume Microsoft considers their current tablet strategy a failure and are seeking to rectify the situation with Surface and Windows 8. Humanities have always been the pursuit of the idle rich. Those without a hefty trust fund have found that they need to work to support themselves, and to find work they need skills. For those people we can only hope that their required electives provide them opportunity to expand their minds. By the way, what did you have in mind for the means for society to compensate these non-productive people? I say non-productive because they have no jobs, thus requiring some form of compensation from society. How do you seriously propose this be done? Apparently HN traffic killed the site. That right there makes it unfit for purpose. People forget Ayn Rand would have been 12 during the Bolshevik revolution. It obviously deeply affected her. While I don't consider Objectivism to be a formal philosophy, I don't see anything wrong with the characters in Atlas Shrugged either. They were simply sick of being the doormats of humanity. Expected to do whatever necessary to make life better for everyone else even as they persist in misery. What I want to know is what kind of person thinks anyone should live like that? If the Kindle is just a portal for buying/consuming Amazon services then I don't see it setting the world on fire. Once more people realize tablets are the ultimate mobile general-purpose computing platform then interest in consumer portal tablets will wane. OSX is good for developers with families. The wife and kids are happy and you're pretty happy too. Win-win all the way around. So is this how Microsoft is going to fight Linux on the desktop? Microsoft knows what they're doing? That's the funniest thing I've heard in a while. For the record, Microsoft has never had a success in the mobile space (PDAs, tablets, phones, MP3 players). They've come close a time or two but never in the past 15 years have they been the leader in any of these categories. Microsoft dominates the desktop. The XBox is an extension of the desktop. They're hoping to leverage their desktop dominance into a laptop-lite tablet. I'm betting they could care less about the user experience of Win 8 on the desktop. After all where else are their customers going to go? Apple? Linux? A few might. Most won't. This way they can focus all their energies into the tablet and then use their desktop dominance to move people to their tablets instead of Apple's. After all how many iPad owners have a Windows desktop? It's probably the best strategy they have. We'll have to wait and see how well it pans out for them. And no, I have no intention of buying one of these things. The tablet is an extension of the desktop. Microsoft has never been successful with them though. Now that the iPad has shown what a tablet can do perhaps Microsoft will be more successful this time around. Better question: are all social networking sites doomed to be fads and thus doomed to die? The answer leads to paradoxical results. If we answer 'yes' then no one will create another Facebook and thus Facebook will survive. If we answer 'no' then a competitor will emerge and thus increasing the chance that Facebook dies. Congratulations! You've just made the case as to why one should pursue a study in computer science. Can we expect the wonders of finite state automata next? I updated last weekend. I use Safari a lot and haven't had any issues. The weird thing I experienced during the upgrade is my iPad (3rd gen) got 1 Gb of memory freed - in that section iTunes calls Application Data. Still, 1 Gb is 1 Gb and I'm glad to get it back. And no, I haven't noticed anything amiss. The memory footprint on my iPhone remained the same. As far as maps goes, I don't use maps much (either Google or Apple). When I really need a map for long distance trips I use my Garmin. My experience with the mobile map apps so far is they're junk compared to the Garmin. I do need to do some traveling this Monday so I'll have the opportunity to do a side-by-side comparison test. Had the opportunity to seriously use Apple maps yesterday for the first time. I liked it better than my Garmin (which is a 2008 model). I like that it gives you street names for turning and that it tells you of upcoming turns and exits well in advance. The fact that it cuts in over the music being played by my iPhone is a practical plus - the Garmin simply can't do that. Finally, a plus for pointing out hotels and gas stations. My Garmin definitely didn't do that either. Apparently. Mind you, none of this has been tried in court AFAIK. Why spend money to educate your own citizens when you can import workers from other countries on the cheap? Of course long term this leads to the ruination of the United States. But businesses don't think long term. They only think of making money now . And to think one of these money men hucksters has a real chance of getting elected next week. I weep for our future. Next time buy your computer at Best Buy and see how that goes for you. Not to be too terribly snarky hopefully you've learned some valuable lessons here in dealing with Apple. You should have expected tech support to have regurgitated the contents of the email. The only reason you would have had for calling them is finding the name of the 3rd party company that would be fixing your computer and how to go about arranging that service. The second thing you've learned is the Apple geniuses aren't, well, geniuses. They're simply more knowledgeable than average, which takes care of 80% of the problems a typical customer will experience. The important thing to know is they're not doing the work. And, hello, since this was a general recall there were probably a boatload of machines "upstairs" waiting to be repaired. They told you 2 weeks because they prefer to under promise and over deliver and have your machine back to you in a few days. I know Apple can do seemingly amazing things, but good grief you need to have realistic expectations. Maybe we need to think of 'JavaScript' as a term representing a set of uncompiled languages targeting the browser runtime environment. With that definition I would say, sure - 'JavaScript' has a very bright future. Exactly. There's loads of Unixen they could have tried. There's also tons of people running Rails. Though I'm not a big fan of Rails I can't deny there's a lot of it running successfully. There's got to be more to this story! Exactly. There's loads of Unixen they could have tried. There's also tons of people running Rails. Though I'm not a big fan of Rails I can't deny there's a lot of it running successfully. There's got to be more to this story! Exactly. There's loads of Unixen they could have tried. There's also tons of people running Rails. Though I'm not a big fan of Rails I can't deny there's a lot of it running successfully. There's got to be more to this story! GIMP sucks because it doesn't work like PhotoShop? Brilliant analysis. The big thing I remember from my Numerical Computing course in college was floating point arithmetic is not commutative. Totally. Rocked. My world. You have to work hard to retain your significant digits throughout the computation. You are correct. I should have been more clear. Our expectation for addition to be associative is deeply ingrained and it's shocking to discover that's not the case when performing floating point computations. Google. They do a lot of basic CS research and have several product lines. They'll also still exist long after Facebook is a footnote of history. I've been using computers since the days of the VIC 20 and Apple II. A lot has changed since then, generally for the better. I'm significantly older than you and I'm here to tell you one thing: you'd better get with it. I don't see any point in crying about a desktop metaphor that's dying. Let's face it - there's a lot of people now whose primary computer is a smartphone or tablet. The name of the game today is to create a user interface manager that works well with those devices AND the desktop. We're not there yet, but that's the direction we're headed, and more importantly, it's the direction we should be headed. One final thing, I'm using an iPad to read and respond to this post. On this iPad I have an outstanding code editor and development environments for Lisp, Scheme, Python, J, F# and JavaScript. This is the way of the future. In 29 days they've managed to get two people to pledge $1 apiece. I work in the enterprise business market, for a 100 year old blue chip firm - and the iPads have come in like a tsunami thanks to our BYOD policy. They have Exchange integration. Legacy internal applications? These have all been web-enabled over the past 10 years. And the adoption has been top-down: it's the C-level execs that are driving this change. This has been going on for two years now. Microsoft seriously missed the boat and more and more is considered to be an old-school technology company like IBM. Did that this year. Bought an iPad instead of a new PC. I might not even do that again - thinking of buying a device like the Nexus 10 next. I have a family with lots of eyeballs. Yes, there is still work requiring a PC and so every family should have one. But not every person in the family needs one. Permanent solution? That's hard to say. No one should expect Apple to rest on their laurels for Maps though - they can't afford to admit defeat. They must continue to strive to make their Maps app as-good-as or even better than Google Maps. It'll be interesting to see what Apple does next. So how are things going in Syria? I'm going to be admittedly contrarian and claim Apple, along with their users, won. After all, they got turn-by-turn navigation from Google for free which supposedly Google was wanting to license to Apple for a considerable sum of money. They've already blown that SLA - for the year. Now how much of my money do I get back? That's what I was thinking. 'Extraordinary' swings both ways. Exactly. A web application platform you should have stopped using 10 years ago is still causing problems. Imagine that! If you're C code is portable then you've chosen the wrong language. C is best when assembly would have been appropriate but you want to write something in a more maintainable, higher-level language. C shines when you need to optimize for a specific operating platform. Microsoft used Ecma as a standards repository, not a standards body. Ecma neither created nor endorsed C# - they received and recorded a standards submission from Microsoft thus making C# "Microsoft tech." Finally, neither C# 3.0, 4.0 or 5.0 have been submitted to Ecma. So we can hardly refer to C# as an Ecma language for crying out loud! :) In a word, "no." LinkedIn is professional, Facebook is personal. Two totally different aspects of my life that I treat separately. So LinkedIn isn't going anywhere. The power of Yelp is derived through crowdsourcing. I don't have nearly enough Facebook friends to capitalize on the long tail crowdsourcing requires. So Yelp isn't going anywhere. And google? As if - I don't have enough time and space to explain why that isn't going to happen! The paragraph beginning with "To put it another way, C is no longer close to the real machine" really drove the point home. The further C gets away from the real machine then the less useful C will become. Higher-level languages have the advantage that a compiler can more easily determine what the program is attempting to accomplish and optimize the result for a specified architecture. This will be very difficult to do for C. As a result I would expect the performance of higher-level languages to start exceeding the performance of C. I guess we're just going to have to change our conventional wisdom when that time comes. I work for a Fortune 200 company and I just recently led the effort for them to adopt Chrome Frame. We were using a charting package that we could either render in Flash or SVG and because of our BYOD strategy we chose SVG but the performance in IE8 was abysmal. Chrome Frame fit the bill nicely. You include a tag in your HTTP header to request Chrome Frame. If it hasn't been installed then IE8 renders the page. The nice thing is the site self-selects that it wants Chrome Frame so your legacy sites continue to get IE8. Even better, your users are still launching IE so you don't have the support hassle of this site requires this browser while this other site requires this other browser. Meanwhile this gives us an opportunity to modernize our legacy web applications. Chrome Frame has been a great solution for us. I blog about development and IT-related items at http://taylodl.wordpress.com/ Recently I've been focusing on functional programming paradigms using JavaScript. If nothing else I've found that writing helps me internalize the material. And we care why? LGPL lets you do as you please with the code. If you need to modify the code, which in my experience isn't all that often, you simply provide the patch back to the committers. They're not required to take it, but that doesn't affect you. You simply had to provide it. And since you took from the community, doesn't it make sense to contribute back when you have something to contribute? For commercial use you want to use components that have been LGPL'd. Using LGPL'd components to build your application does not require your application to be either GPL'd or LGPL'd. See http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/GNU_Lesser_General_Public_Licen... for information on LGPL. IANAL, but I believe you're incorrect about shipping the libraries in particular ways. My understanding of the LGPL is you don't have to ship the libraries with your application, you just need to provide the relevant copyright notices - usually in your Help/About. I worked with the legal department at my company to get a list of approved open source licenses for components included in our applications. The GPL was immediately ruled out. Because of the GPL they spent several weeks scrutinizing the LGPL. They approved it. Obviously your mileage has varied with your lawyers. And if we want to keep our jobs we can't cross the lawyers, even if we believe them to be wrong. It'd be nice if our community had a common understanding of the LGPL. There seems to be a lot of confusion. And in so doing they would have lost the hearts and minds of the town's inhabitants, even if they can be temporarily controlled by force. When people from other towns hear of what is happening they'll be better prepared and fight harder. And don't forget every soldier came from Somewhere, USA. They're not going to be happy to see the military turned on their town. They may either stand down or sabotage the effort. Moreover the military is comprised of human beings, who have a conscience. Many or most would resist attacking their fellow countrymen with anything more than small arms fire, if that. Besides, the military would be overwhelmed by every town revolting all at once. There's something to be said for strength in numbers. You'd be amazed how much you'd learn going to college now, if you so desired. You know what you don't know and will be focused on learning it. BUT - college is a learning experience. As you've discovered you can get jobs without it. Have him do all his own code maintenance. You're paying $1500 to beta test a product. What's not clear is whether you get the final product when ready. What's the best programming text editor? The one that makes you the most productive. What should really worry Google is if Samsung left Android for either Firefox Mobile OS or Ubuntu Phone or started offering devices running any of these mobile OSes. The days of OS dominance ala Windows are over. That includes the mobile platform. In the land of start-ups the VCs are the chickens, the employees are the pigs. As in the fable it generally doesn't work out so well for the pig. I grew up in a blue collar family. This guy's father is the norm, not the exception. My grandfather was a lineman for the electric company. He worked around the clock in all kinds of bad weather and had friends who'd been electrocuted. My father-in-law worked on an end loader while suffering through hemorrhoids and hernias. My brother-in-law has a crushed disc and works as an auto mechanic, oftentimes requiring him to lift things over his head when working in the pit. When he gets home at night he has one chair that he can sit in to relieve his pain. This isn't macho cult bullshit, trust me they can't wait until they can retire. They're simply working men who'd go to the ends of the earth to provide for their families. I can't speak for the rest of the world but this is the culture of a blue collar family in the American Midwest. I am so glad I create software for a living. 40-50 hours work per week on average, more during a crunch, all in a climate-controlled environment. You can eat and drink any time you feel like it. You have flexible work schedules. And if your neck gets sore you're paid well enough you can go get a message and have it worked out. We've got it made. The killer app segment for Google Glass is augmented reality - which is quite awkward on cell phones but natural on devices like Glass. It's also an application segment that hasn't received much mainstream attention. Check out some of the stuff companies like Metaio have been doing: http://www.metaio.com/ (I'm not affiliated with Metaio, nor am I currently developing any augmented reality applications) Don't fix it if it isn't broke. NASA has lots of operational experience with VxWorks. They know all its warts and how to avoid potential issues. They also know the power consumption of the kernel. Compared to the cost of the overall mission the cost of VxWorks is negligible, yet the risk of replacing it with another kernel is quite high. It just doesn't make any sense. I grew up in the analog age. Trust me, there was much rejoicing when CDs came out. Your lament about the digital resolution of CDs is baseless: the resolution is far beyond what the human ear can discern. We've already been through all this in the 80's. It's comical to watch you hipsters stir up this old dust that had settled long ago. Oh, and it's well-known that some people prefer the sound of vinyl. It's a particular distortion accentuating the midrange. This distortion provides a "warmer" sound. But let's not kid ourselves - it's a distortion. But if you prefer the warmer sound of vinyl then I suggest you try 7,5 IPS reel-to-reel. It'll knock your socks off! They don't have a doodle celebrating Pi Day either. You'd think they would've done one or the other! A better title would be 'How pathetic tech reporting has become' RSS is a technology, not an industry and Google's killing Reader may not necessarily kill RSS. I've switched to Feedly and love it. I wished I'd been using Feedly years ago. Reader is quite pathetic in comparison to Feedly actually. But I didn't know that. I used Reader because it was from Google and all my colleagues were using it. As a result I'm checking out alternatives to other Google services. I've been in a Google rut for many years now and it's time to get out of it. It's all good. I suppose if you can keep the device from falling on a corner then you're good. That seems to be the worst-case scenario. It'll probably be a couple years before we see this in any of their devices. There's a lot of wealth from technology near the top, but overall this list is pretty well diversified from an industry perspective. Technology, banking/finance, retail, entertainment, real estate and energy. Pharmaceuticals, cosmetics and clothing don't do quite as well. And most strikingly, I don't recall seeing transportation anywhere on the list. Linus is now seeing firsthand that opportunity is not equal in the United States. You typically need to have attended a good university to get a good job and to get into a good university you need to have graduated from a good secondary school - which you need to have paid for either through tuition or taxes. The goal is to keep the wealth concentrated in the already wealthy. That's how it works here in the United States. I'll assume for the moment that Oregon's intentions are noble, and they're attempting to right this wrong. How ironic that it will achieve the exact opposite result. The old law of unintended consequences and all. Those of us who were in school in the 70s during mandatory desegregation will recall that too had the opposite effect of what was intended: instead of providing better learning opportunities for black students the white families left for the suburbs leaving the black students behind in worse schools than what they had started out with. Those who don't study history are doomed to repeat it I suppose. So what is the answer? I think we really need to understand the problem: public schools are locally funded and operated and small locales can use real estate to become exclusive. The solution then is to realize that exclusivity can't be had on a large scale. You need to expand the scope of 'local' in the local school system. A good start would be to expand 'local' to the county level. While certainly there are some counties richer and more exclusive than others, they are much more homogenous than individual communities. At least it would be a step in the right direction that would better serve everyone. I should have mentioned I'm using Feedly on an iPad. On the desktop Feedly isn't as compact as Reader - but there's a setting where you can make it nearly so. On the iPad I like the magazine layout and swiping to mark an article as read. Having fewer articles presented at a time actually has been helping me better focus on each article. And now that I can see more of the article I can better determine whether it's really something I should read. Whereas before I tended to skim the titles and try to weed out articles and figure I'd get to the articles I might be interested in later. To then find out that I really wasn't interested in that article. But that's me. You might hate Feedly for the exact same reasons I like it. Good thing you have until July 1st to find an alternative that works for you! Good luck! So what does it mean when the United States government has advocated for a real name system on the Internet? Are they attempting to use that as a means for wielding information totalitarianism here in the United States? Is information another form of freedom for which we must fight? How much you want to bet the water company didn't know the chemical name of water is dihydrogen monoxide? Otherwise they could have explained to the callers that dihydrogen monoxide is, in fact, water and they were simply victims of an April Fool's joke. But that doesn't seem to be the path that was taken. They're not out of the woods yet in the EU: http://www.techspot.com/news/52067-microsoft-under-fire-in-e... Our understanding of gut bacteria is poised to revolutionize our practice of medicine. This is fascinating research with quite unexpected results. I'll sure miss Fox when they pull off the airwaves said no one ever. I would. I hold no one else up to a bar higher than I hold myself. And I set the bar high. I've got no time for whiners and losers and this student's behavior is beyond the pale. So I'm a gourmet chef working at McDonalds?! FML Big moat? Apple has more money than any other company. Facebook is losing users in droves and every day there's a new article on HN on how to get Google out of your life. Of the companies you mentioned Amazon is the only one with bright prospects. I'm afraid if you're wearing Google Glass you may not be getting any "sexy time"! That poor Sinclair ZX81 can't handle HN load! It's probably done more work today than it has its entire lifetime. Running Google Now on my iPhone runs counter to my strategy of getting Google further out of my life. I have no interest in getting further enmeshed into their services. I am left to wonder how everyone could have been so wrong in predicting that the world would be glutted with good programmers and sysadmins by now I stopped reading the article at this point. Seriously. I've been programming for nearly 30 years and in that time no one ever thought there was a risk of our having a glut of good programmers. Ever. Hell, finding good talent back then was much more difficult than it is now. So stop your whining. Maybe they could change the way they do advertising: the amount of raw storage and the amount of available storage, similarly to the way they do hard drives (raw vs. formatted). This article is also 4 years old. Move along, nothing new to see here. I've travelled cross-country with Apple maps without issue. I didn't even have Google maps or printed maps as a backup. I must be nuts. Got any more cute little anecdotes for us? Automation is destroying the middle class, not the Internet. But I guess it sounds cooler to say 'Internet' though, doesn't it? Automation is destroying the middle class, not the Internet. But I guess it sounds cooler to say 'Internet' though, doesn't it? Google Glass is only the most anticipated product in the echo chamber of tech. The bans are an indicator from the rest of the world that Google Glass may not be the greatest product idea after all. These are big words considering Google is the biggest thief in the history of the world. But who cares about intellectual property anyway? Just because technology makes something possible doesn't mean its usage will be inevitable or even desirable. Most people for example eschew a police state where all your movements are tracked by video at all times and may be used to prosecute (or blackmail) you. Google Glass plays an important part in the creation of just such a state. You need to look at the recent U.S. Justice Department statement which essentially states that anything stored online is subject to search without warrant. Google + U.S. Department of Justice, bringing totalitarianism to a state near you!