Just because someone knows who I am does not mean that'll matter when it comes to proving things in court, which in real life isn't as easy as one might imagine. >he probably won't get out for a while If only I'd get sentenced in the first place. Unless there's ever any public court records, I doubt you'll find much (if any) good information. If that was a case, people running SSDP (and other UDP service) honeypots would no doubt have noticed the massive increase in traffic. Majority of our bandwidth does not come from these so called "reflection attacks". But is in fact "real" bandwidth. We are using actual 0days to compromise the (about 100k-150k) servers we have. I'm actually rather excited for the eventual technical analysis of our net by someone with actual technical competence. It might end up causing quite a bit of noise. Well, I live in a country that will not extradite it's own citizens. And even if I somehow did manage to get extradited the US has a legal system where you'd actually have to prove a persons guilt, not just speculate it based on some IRC log of dubious origin. That's a popular view, but I don't think that in real life it's an entirely correct one. At the very least those with money tend to be able to have a fair trial in the US. Lots of it is the sort of equipment you wouldn't notice. Not exactly embedded stuff though. There was a few rails YAML bots on an IRC for maybe an hour before another bot was loaded on them. (But that was like over an year ago) A large chunk of the boxes we control do not have any sort of web apps running on them. Ones public actions do not necessarily equal ones skills. The motives behind LS are more complex than some journos believe, something that should be obvious by the darkode connection alone. Krebs seems to be pretty lost, especially considering that he thinks we've been attacking his site for past 40 days or so. That's just not true (and anyway, if Prolexic couldn't keep PSN up why would they be able to keep his site up?), only thing linking us to attacks against him was a joke in the topic of our fake recruitment channel telling people to take his site down for an hour or so. Anyway, as for my motives (besides money, of course)? You don't get access to this many boxes without stumbling on at least something interesting. One thing you should understand, we currently have basically two types of clients. First is of course the kids who go to lizardstresser.su and buy the $20 plan so they can attack people they play video games with. Now, on the other hand we have our corporate clients. These corporate clients usually contact us via email or over forums and either make us a fixed offer or request a quote for a given target and time-frame. Now, these types of clients are usually willing to pay tens, if not hundreds of thousands of dollars to disrupt their competition for a couple of days. The second type of customer is obviously our main source of income, and what better way to find those clients than worldwide media publicity? It'd be funny if this ended up being a sting op, wouldn't it? You're pretty quick to call people morons for someone who doesn't have a clue about what he is talking about. These routers Krebs is talking about (Which have largely been infected since August) were never connected to an IRC network. And as for the gcloud servers, yeah we connected a few of them to the public IRC... So what? It's not like as if they we're ever going to survive beyond few hours. Also, Krebs seemed to imply that we used the Google bots for DDoS attacks... That's pretty ridiculous considering Google will automatically suspend you if they detect traffic anomalies. If we were awful at opsec we probably would have already been identified by someone. We've been going at this since August. Why bother? DNSSEC is hardly useful in real life anyway. Asking the compromised DNS server if it's been compromised is a really good way to find out if it's been compromised. 1) Is not a valid argument, or at least shouldn't be. By that logic we should completely drop UDP. Unrelated to the topic, but has Gandi decided to stop hijacking users domains and holding them hostage? I had Gandi seize a fairly decent domain of mine for "abuse" (Which is funny because the domain wasn't even in use) and communicating with the support was just a truly horrible experience, they wouldn't even tell me what the domain was actually suspended for. If you're worried about opening ports, you're doing security wrong. A simple curl reveals that it isn't... And how often are deface pages serving malware anyways? IMO it would be much more sensible to serve malware off of a page that _doesn't_ announce it has been hacked. Interestingly enough, despite malaysia airlines claiming that this is just a DNS hijack. It appears that their own CDN (Akamai) is now serving the deface page. (The page was being served by cloudflare before) Not really, the page is being served from MAS's own servers now. How can the journalist reliably evaluate who "Lizard Squad" is aligned with, especially with them repeatedly claiming to support ISIS? Which would imply that their backend was compromised, not just DNS. Unless there was something horribly wrong with their setup, akamai would have prevented that from happening. Akamai makes you to set your own DNS server for it to pull records from, the domain getting hijacked should not have any effect on what that DNS server is returning. MAS's CDN that is. The same CDN they were using before the hack even happened. Their domains DNS servers were switched to cloudflare, I'd imagine that's the DNS compromise they're referring to. Not _their_ DNS servers getting compromised. So CDN just works without having the SSL certs? You specify the nameserver for akamai to pull the zone from on the config site. Their "CDN" is quite a bit smarter than what L3 & co. run. At their scale, yeah they are. (Especially considering you wouldn't need new sats) Considering all serious attackers already bypass the CF browser check, what's the point? Mentioning in minorities in contexts that aren't explicitly positive is pretty much a holocaust-tier offense. That's nonsense, English isn't sexist by default. It's only sexist if you decide to make it so, e.g. by intentionally misinterpreting it. Are those the same women that refuse to identify as "women" and use terms such as "womyn" instead? Why bother with DNSSEC when you could be working on actually useful technologies? Malaysiaairlines.com is proxied by Akamai CDN, surely Akamai has access to the certificate used for malaysiaairlines.com then. There isn't really any valuable information FBI could get from the site, especially since TPB doesn't operate their own tracker anymore. Only possibility would be getting IPs the uploaders use to log into the site, but that's pretty far fetched. I rather doubt their plan was ever to "win" the trial by jury. The repo only got pulled because popcorntime never filed a counter notice, this is standard practice and practically required if you want to maintain your safe haven status. Taken a plea? What plea? AFAIK Ubuntu is profitable for Canonical, so I wouldn't call that a donation. Why does this matter? Reddit isn't exactly the kind of company that holds any important data worth a transparency report. Services like SSNDOB have been around for years now. We're talking 10 years old breaches here. Not sure if you're being sarcastic, but there have been bots doing this for well over 10 years now. Not sure if you're being sarcastic, but there have been bots doing this for well over 10 years now. These cables are truly wonderful for deconstructing the Mozartian spacial qualities of the sound and to perpetuate the plateau-spreading fluidity of the music. You don't need miners to process transactions. What a terribly worded and inaccurate title. The size was not seized, only the domain "kickass.so". The site has multiple (tens) of domains (that are still accessible) such as kat.ph. Just trends in the cybercrime world, and the increased publicity. To be honest, EFF isn't exactly the most reliable source on these things. They too are very very biased. Barrett Brown intentionally did everything in his power (including, but not limited to publicly threatening named FBI agents and their families) to get targeted by LE, and succeeded. Swartz? Swartz knowingly did several obviously illegal things (breaking-and-entering?) and then acted shocked when he got charged. His actions may have been morally defensible, but not legally. Law enforcement did their job there. Almost everything depends on perl. Unless you're running a very small embedded setup, you'll have extremely hard time living without perl. Circular dependencies are perfectly normal. Two? You're completely ignoring the bitcoin hacks. Not every provider lies to their customers about the hacks though. Linode only came forward about the hacks after I announced them on their IRC. Are you on a Debian based OS? Try aptitude search '~i~Dperl' Someone posted a list to a .onion site indexing these on FD in early 2014. http://seclists.org/fulldisclosure/2014/May/43 Edit: Oh, seems like the site is still up at http://un1c0rn.net/ http://un1c0rn.net/search?q=tags%3Amongo This is actually even more important in cooler climates, where you may need to scrape the ice off of your car right before driving. Having frozen hands most definitely does not make driving easier. Or just chips failing to read? Their failure rates seem to be much higher than magstripe. In my experience if you try to use a broken chip+pin card you will almost always be allowed to use the magstripe "bypass" instead. PLEASE do not link to qubes in any security related discussion, the devs are known for their incompetence and making some rather hilarious public claims[1]. Not only that, Qubes uses a vulnerable git version from several years ago so practically anyone could go backdoor it if they cared. [1] http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Blue_Pill_%28software%29 Not exactly true, valve "fixed" the phoon style bunnyhopping after the vide on in the article surfaced (even though it had been in the game for years). There still exists a version of bunnyhopping in the game but using it for speed gain on longer distances is very difficult. It's not even about the risk, it's really difficult to monetize massive amounts of cards. .com? If that money is ever exchanged, it'd probably be trivial for a powerful entity to figure where it went. Mixing large amounts is pretty damn hard, there's not enough volume to hide large transactions. Trading massive amounts of BTC to an altcoin would be even harder, concealing the movements of that altcoin would be pretty much impossible. In the end the process of money laundering ends up being significantly more complicated than with "real money". Don't go and compare Tor to BTC, just don't. They share nothing from a technical PoV. Lauri wasn't involved with HTP, he was involved with a HTP member that gave him the CF exploit he used. You should seriously consider switching banks in that case, what bank doesn't let you do wire transfers online? 2000BTC isn't very much at all, especially since the mixer having 2000BTC doesn't mean they can securely mix 2000BTC. Exchanges will most definitely be storing logs, so that won't help much. Comparing mixers to relays isn't valid either, with BTC the attacker will have access to the blockchain, which is basically the worst possible attack scenario for Tor. And in any case, there isn't enough BTC transaction volume to reliably hide large amounts of BTC. Maybe. Export the cert and post it. Stripe doesn't let you send money to cards. Maybe a single customer getting owned is better than all the customers getting owned? Closed source often has eyeballs specifically paid to... eyeball it. I live in Finland, and the whole concept of not being able to send wire transfers from your online banking (or even a phone app) sounds utterly ridiculous. This seems to be the norm in most of Europe. AFAIK the big US banks let you do wire transfers online too. OTR? Really depends on how much effort you put into it. Gotta love the tags DNS caching most likely, your iPhone is using a DNS server that has the old lenovo.com records in it's cache. Read the source. HTML/Iframe.B.Gen is a generic false positive. 1. You're confusing "cryptor" with "crypter" 2. "Closed source" and javascript don't really work together. site:hackforums.net cryptor About 1,790 results (0.32 seconds) vs site:hackforums.net crypter About 62,700 results (0.36 seconds) "most likely" Wordpress itself isn't all that insecure, but most of the plugins are. Actually they can. The controls they use do not scale and therefore are only used for targeted and random checks. Having one out of 100 packages seized won't really hurt your bottom line. Paunch had nothing to do with Tor and wasn't exactly trying to hide his identity. Many don't. It's a business decision. Well, they weren't doing it "silently", users had to agree to install the miner. I rather doubt they actually care if the target server is a honeypot or not, it looks like they're just looking for free hosting. If they didn't want to get outed they would probably be trying to conceal themselves in the first place. Often there's no need for that. Considering the writer supposedly knows the attackers identity, I don't really see why they'd use the wrong gender pronouns. Registrant Organization: PayPal Inc. Admin Organization: eBay Inc. Yes they do. Although, I do recall x.com being online not too long ago. Author is plain wrong here. The big visible watermark is there for the psychological effect, not to trace the leaks. There's always a plenty of hidden ones. (Missing frames etc) HBO will definitely know who they sent the episodes to, but that doesn't necessarily mean they know who leaked them. Problem is that (besides for the brand) Cloudflare really has nothing to offer for Google. Google has spent the last 20 years solving the same problems CF is aiming to solve, they've even got a competing service Google PageSpeed that does exactly what CF does, except better (in my personal experience.). Oh, I didn't know they closed signups. I've been using it for some personal projects for a good while (Since 2011 or so?) now. I don't think they need CloudFlare for that though, they just need marketing people to sell it. I can't see CloudFlare acquisition being worth it for Google just for their marketing expertise. I also heard that google is testing out mind control using chemtrails. http://static.googleusercontent.com/media/www.google.com/en/... So, google is buying congress reps by donating them pocket change? Why would you recommend TrueCrypt? That's a terrible suggestion. TCs developers told you to stop using it, BitLocker's didn't. Even the people responsible for the audit recommend that people not use TC You're missing the bigger issues related to TC, for example the fact that it doesn't even run on new windows versions (and never will)... Are you seriously implying that there's never any security issues discovered after audits? There is no good way to implement hellbans, the only people affected by them are the ones not expecting to get banned.