I dropped Dropbox completely two years ago because I considered them to be insecure and unsafe. (Like all the rest of cloud storage.) I have since set up my own personal cloud. It's more secure and nobody else has any control over it. First world problem. Just appreciate the fact that there IS toilet paper. "Bomber" by Len Deighton. Nothing that you do not control yourself can be considered secure. If you must use a 'cloud storage', consider it to tantamount to be 'in the public domain'. In other words, don't put anything in 'cloud storage' that you would not be happy seeing printed on the front page of the New York Times for all the world to see. Was that -40 F. or -40 C. ? Now -40 K., I'd like to see that! Very Novice user, and coming from a MSDOS background, I habitually logged in as root, even though I had heard dire warnings not to do that. I had lots of dot-directories in /tmp and my disk didn't have a lot of space left. So I typed in rm -rf .* thinking that I was very smart, and would save time by not having to remove each dot-directory separately. After a while, I wondered why it was taking so long and discovered I had very little of my root filesystem left, so I was forced to do a complete reinstall. Needless to say, I always do my day-to-day work now as a lowly common user, and NOT as root. Looks a little like the XFCE Window Manager (the underlying distro could, quite literally, be anything) but I feel the video is too poor to identify anything properly. ALL water has been recycled pee at some time or other over the last four and a half billion years. And a lot of tap water already has some pee in it from birds and animals (as well as the occasional human). The thing about the disruption is that it wouldn't happen if it were predictable. (If it were predictable, the companies would have done something different, and they wouldn't have been disrupted.) So, while predictions can be made, it won't necessarily pan out that they actually occur. The disruption is normally only really apparent in hindsight. In any case, the companies concerned were honestly trying to do their best, not their worst. The first thing I thought of was the grave robbers who plundered the pyramids and other royal burial chambers looking for valuable metals. There are quite a few nice pieces of valuable metal making up that clock. I give it even less than 50 years before it gets looted. The modern armies rely too much on technology. Yes, it gives you an edge, but it is also a two-edged sword. That's why the old-fashioned insurgent armies of men with human eyes and an AK47 often outfight the soldiers with all the bells and whistles. The Wehrmacht was very high-tech compared to the Red Army in the 1940s, but the Soviets (as did the Americans on the Western Front) threw quantity rather than quality at the Wehrmacht, and destroyed it. True, they lost a lot of stuff and men, but they won. As Stalin said,"Quantity has a Quality all of its own." It's no good having men or equipment that has a 100-to-1 kill ratio, if the enemy can throw 101 at them. It's supposed to be a secret, so please keep it quiet, but FEMA is rounding up all the UUIDs with a starting '51d4' and incarcerating them in special concentration camps. It's a very special place: it's called a Bookmarks file. You can even have folders with subfolders so that you can find what you want very quickly. Sometimes the lo-tech approach works the best. Shades of the 'Windtalkers', who used Native American language during WW2 as a form of unbreakable code. "If you've got nothing to hide, you've got nothing to fear". Brand-Names have such a hold in the US that it's often quite difficult to find out what the chemical (or 'generic') name for a drug really is, even using Google. This is a problem for them overseas because the brand-names often differ from country to country while the chemical name remains the same. Many people in the US often don't even realise that Tylenol is the same thing as Panadol or acetaminophen. (Such an ugly word, acetaminopen, that I'm surprised the other common generic name, paracetamol, hasn't won over.) In most other countries, the generic name is used more commonly and Brand-Names are used as an option. Thus a client can say to herself, "Now, which brand of paracetamol will I buy? The 'Tylenol' brand at $10 a hundred, the 'Panadol' brand at $9.50 a hundred, or the local pack at $5? Or even, "I see they're out of my preferred brand, 'Tylenol', so I'd better grab the 'Panadol' brand instead." Facebook problem? (many of us think Facebook IS a problem.) This content is currently unavailable The page you requested cannot be displayed at the moment. It may be temporarily unavailable, the link you clicked on may have expired, or you may not have permission to view this page. When enough people boycott the content-providers for their heavy-handed actions. BDS can be used against companies just as much as against countries. Mainly so the airline can hire out an iPad for in-flight entertainment. They hold your credit card until you return the iPad at the end of the flight. The only "Halt and Catch Fire" I'd heard of before was from the satirical computer instruction set from the 70s(?): http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Halt_and_Catch_Fire There is other history apart from European history. I see no confirmation from Arabic, Russian or Chinese history which would certainly show a 'sudden jump' over the years which were supposedly invented. I have gone through the 'make it smaller' phase of mobile phones from when they were relatively large heavy bricks that ruined your clothes (or could only be carried in your hand) down to the small chocolate bar size where you could comfortably put two of them in your pocket without noticing them. Now, I find we are going through a 'make it larger' phase where mobile phones are getting too large again to comfortably fit in your pocket. I dislike my Samsung S3 for that reason, and it is no longer one of the largest. When a phone is too large to fit conveniently in your clothes because of weight or size, you can no longer think of it as 'mobile' because you rarely carry it on your person, and tend to put it down and walk away from it out of earshot. Shhh. For God's sake don't tell my desktop and laptops. They've been running Linux (and UNIX before that) for over 20 years. There is a difference between stalling due to high angles of attack, and having too much drag from cross-sectional resistance on an unstalled wing to be able to lift. The practical outcome is the same however, not enough lift to overcome the weight. SWIFT used to cover the world because it was 'neutral' to all countries. By banning Iran from using SWIFT several years back, SWIFT went from covering 'all' to only covering 'some' and thereby lost it's 'indispensable' reputation. Now it looks like another country will be banned from using it. That's called 'shooting yourself in the foot'. The BRICs are now in the process of setting up their own SWIFT-like system, and as time goes on more people will use that system and SWIFT will become less and less relevant, instead of remaining the 'only game in town'. I cancelled my Dropbox subscription several years ago for precisely this sort of situation. Not that any of my files are particularly wonderful, but the point being that I would no longer have control over other people having any and all access to them. Microsoft will eventually roll over. I got imprinted with WordStar back in the early 80s. So much so, that when I program today I use those same text-editing command-codes. So I can jump seamlessly from programming on CP/M, Linux or even MSDOS. Frightening, isn't it? The only thing preventing "boot this USB stick, install Linux, install Windows" is that Microsoft doesn't allow that to happen. Secondly, there are too many questions that need answers which would prevent there being such a simple set of commands. Things like: 'how much space for Windows, and how much space for Linux on your hard drive(s)?' 'what order would you like the boot options to be in?' 'how many logical drives for Windows and how big?' 'how many partitions for Linux, how big, and where do you want to mount them?' and so on. But it never hurts to dream Manufactured by P.T. Barnum, apparently. The articles contains quite a bit of wishful thinking. The same sort of disparagement of an prospective enemy that occurred pre WW2 when 'Made in Japan' was a derogatory term. That soon stopped when US forces came up against the superior Zero fighter and the very capable Japanese Navy. Just because an army's equipment may not match yours in technology is no reason for complacency. The US and Soviet weapons in WW2 were inferior to German stuff, but as Stalin famously said 'Quantity has a quality all of its own'. I think it's time we re-invented Usenet by making the subreddits tree-structured. Or at the least, by making a tree-structured list of subreddits. At the moment there are thousands of subreddits but the only way to find them is by playing with the 'random' button and hoping for a bit of serendipity. I dropped Dropbox at the end of 2011 when the NDAA passed. I felt that 3rd-party cloud storage was no longer private enough or secure enough. After Snowden, seems I was correct. I've been watching the numbers ever since the first reports started coming out. The doubling time has been remarkably constant at about 3 weeks (about the same as the maximum incubation period). In other words, there has been little to no effect on the doubling time by all those policies and procedures we have used to combat Ebola so far. Everything is clear and more evident in hindsight. It seems that as far as Duncan knew, that pregnant woman was suffering from malaria, not ebola. She died while he was in transit or shortly after. He would not have had that knowledge. And to those whose initial reaction is 'Eww! How dirty!' I have to say this: urine is normally more bacteria-free than tap-water coming out of the shower-head. (Which is why it is a good wound-cleanser for soldiers in battle) Boycott for a specific length of time, sometimes for ever. Even when they ring you begging you to 'come back, all is different now'. The only thing companies understand is their bottom line. I withdraw my custom from Companies which rip me off for enough time that they lose at least the amount of money that I have lost, and generally much more. One company made me hang around for 5 hours when I needed that time to do other very important stuff. Then they offered to 'fix that' and did exactly the same time again. I took all of my current business away from them and put put them on the 'do not use' list for 10 years. Several times during that period they rang to offer me various deals, which I refused and told them why I refused them. After 13 years, I thought I would give them another chance. This time they promised the service and I thought they would deliver. But no. They offered some minor services but not the main item I had requested, and made no excuse at all for not delivering. I cancelled that order and went elsewhere. So again, they are on my 'do not use' list and will probably never get any more business ever from me. We now have several land-lines, and mobile phones and ipads which do not ever give Telstra any income from me. One bank insisted on charging me to verify information which I supplied at my own cost. I said to them 'I wouldn't have minded if you had charged me to get the information yourself, saving me from the cost of doing it, Instead you want me to incur the costs of my doing it myself and then your costs as well. If you charge me that $40, I will take away all my business.' They didn't believe me, so I took away several accounts, including a fairly large term-deposit, and took them to another bank. My previous bank-manager rang me to say 'Well, that wasn't necessary over $40.' So I told him I had given him fair warning, and he could have scrubbed the fee. Now he would lose my business. That was 22 years, and many bank-loans, credit-card fees, etc lost over just $40. Not quite as simple as that. The infected patient coughs and a spray of droplets lands on a handle or arm-rest. The next passenger puts his hand on the arm-rest and then eats a packet of peanuts, thus transferring one person bodily fluids into a second person's bodily fluids. Hmmm. I pronounce 'data' as 'dar-ta' because I learned Latin at school and my ancestors were Italian, so I tend to use the Latin 'a' sound. But no, it's 'gif' with a hard 'g'. joe with wordstar key-bindings Some things can't be compiled. Emulators for instance can be compiled for the main guts of it, but the actual operation of emulation can only be interpreted, because the emulator doesn't/can't know in advance what code it could be called upon to be emulating. First rule of business: NEVER turn away a paying customer. Just too many of us. Yet several generations of a 'one-child-per-couple' policy would quietly reduce our numbers enough for us to cope with our over-population and unsustainable use of resources. But that sort of thinking is taboo. 'Interstellar', here we come. But unfortunately, there won't be that convenient wormhole waiting for us. "the infamous Altair 8800" Seeing that this was the machine that fired up the "home computer" revolution and was a direct ancestor to the everyday PC, I can't understand the 'infamous' epithet. In my opinion, that line should read "the famous Altair 8800". I've used Unix/Linux as my primary desktop since 1991. 1991-1995 Bell and Netware Unix SVR4 1995-2001 Sun Solaris 2001-2014 Linux (various distros), currently Linux Mint 17 Somebody probably told them about SCO. It would most likely have a very poor cost-effectiveness ratio. A surface aircraft-carrier expends no energy in maintaining itself, only for propulsion. Turn off the engines though, and a flying aircraft carrier rapidly becomes a surface un-carrier. These days, it's more 'install and go' than previously. That's not to say there is nothing at all to do to customise your system, but it's probably at about the same level as customising your Windows system. Several years ago, things were different. And it used to be that Slackware was the most hands-on distro for learning and using Linux. I believe that is still the case. The manufacture of bicycles in third-world countries appears to be on the increase. Interesting situation. Do we redefine the current magnetic south-pole phenomena to maintain the present compass and mapping infrastructure (in other words, the current south-seeking needle becomes the new north-seeking needle) or do we redefine our maps and naming to follow the current compass infrastructure. (The compass will now point south instead of north, so therefore the current South Pole becomes the new North Pole.) Almost certainly, we will choose the first option, as it permits the least number of changes. We wouldn't be stupid enough the maintain the compass so that the North Magnetic Pole is located close to the Earth's South Pole in Antarctica. Or would we?? Start small then build up. Give yourself lots of small nonsense throw-away challenges, or maybe take one small part of somebody else's website and see if you can duplicate it. You have to keep challenging your boundaries. Don't do stuff you know, try to to do things you don't know. But keep each step upwards simple - don't try to build a skyscraper before you can build a house. Lenovo Thinkpad T410S here. The only thing I've done to it in the 4 years I've had it is to upgrade the 500gig hard drive to 2 TB. And when I bought it I specified the larger battery rather than the standard one. It has an included DVD drive which is surprisingly often used. I have kept it as a Linux-Win7 dual-boot, but Windows is restricted to 50 gig and I'd boot this maybe 4-5 times a year, while the other 1950 gig is in use with Linux. That's a bit like saying the road-makers must take responsibility for the bank-robbers driving away to safety. That's looking through the telescope from the wrong end. We won't last long enough to go into space if we don't fix our problems on Earth. We must reduce our numbers by drastically slowing our birthrate. But how do you 'paste' without a middle button? That's the bit I miss most when I have to use a 2-button mouse. Thank god the guys who invented the scroll-mouse had the sense to build the middle-button into the scroll-wheel axle. There is nothing at all wrong with global warming, per se. The problem comes with the RATE at which global warming is taking place. In previous times, with slow global warming and small populations, it didn't take much for small numbers of people to gradually migrate from places where the environment was becoming unsuitable to places where the environment was getting better. And there were no such things as borders. Today, with higher populations and faster changes in climate, we need to be able move millions of people quickly from one place to another. This is hugely expensive, and not only that, there is huge ethnic resistance to millions of people suddenly migrating from one place to another. Wars have started over less. If it sounds too-good-to-be-true, it usually is. "I have this magical substance, but I have to keep it secret". If the drug works, you don't need to have tests to show why it works, you just need to show it works. (We still don't exactly know why general anaesthetics work, but that doesn't stop us from using them every day.) You're assuming A. You will always have internet access. B. You will always have unlimited internet access. C. You will always have very fast internet access. D. Dropbox will always be online when you are. I stopped using Dropbox 3 years ago for these and other reasons. Backup to a local external USB disk, and backup to an offsite file-server that you also control. You only need incremental backups, so your throughput is low. I thought Dropbox was the answer to all my desires early in 2011. Then I travelled to a rural area in a foreign country and my only internet connection was an expensive 2 gig per month USB dongle which was lucky to reach anything more than EDGE (about 30 kbytes/sec) transfer speeds. Supply and demand. There are very few items that nobody wants. You just have to make the price right for a win-win situation. Sony is an important member of the MPAA. You know, those people who have deep pockets to lobby (read 'bribe') the US lawmakers into things like DMCA, SOPA, and the copyright provisions of Free-Trade agreements. The Baker Electric is the car that Grandma Duck drives. I remember being surprised as a teenager many years ago when I discovered that there actually had been a car that looked like Grandma Duck's car. http://www.geocaching.com/geocache/GCXP5M_grandma-ducks-car > David Boies, the lawyer who wrote this on behalf of Sony, is a very capable hired gun He wasn't very capable when he was acting for the SCO Group in their never-ending bullshit case against Novell and IBM. He has also been criticized for ethics violations. http://gl.scofacts.org/gl-20031217025304677.html Saw it pronounced 'squeal' in an article once. Have used that ever since. P.T Barnum had a famous saying about this sort of thing. "Something, something, every minute." Anything with a sequence-number in its title is, by definition, not worth wasting hard-earned money on. And don't get me started on low-quality CGI effects which continually take you 'out of narrative'. Comments are an act of kindness towards the person who will be doing the maintenance on the code you have written. It's doubly kind when that code maintainer is yourself. He/she/they have lost interest in the game. "Been there, done that." On the other hand, if you are Russian with Swiss francs, you are now worth lots and lots more roubles and seeing that it costs you to hold money in Switzerland, you're going to take that money out of Switzerland and return it to Russia. You're actually better off and spending that money in Russia. Putin should be very pleased with the Swiss. I don't do SO any more because of the attitude of the moderators. Time and time again, there is the 'This is not a suitable question and so we are closing it.' statement on questions. If somebody has a query, they need an answer. There is an old saying "There are no stupid questions, only stupid answers." I evaluate 'This is not a suitable question' as a stupid answer. At one point all the scores and accounts were lost due to poor backups, mine included. I never bothered to rejoin. Structs can be looked at like any other collection of data items grouped together under a specific name. Different languages call the grouping by different names: so you might find amongst the languages words like: COBOL - record, SQL - row, Excel - row, C - struct, etc. If you only know Java, a (very) rough 'n' ready conceptualization might be an object that has data items, but no methods at all. A struct pointer will point to the start of each struct only, and incrementing the pointer will point to the start of the next struct in the array (if one exists). Within that struct the separate field will be only pointed to by a '->' thus 'str_pointer->item0'. Note also that you can use the name itself of the struct (which in reality is also a pointer, but is usually not considered as such), in this case the item is selected by using a '.' thus 'str_name.item0' The biggest problem I had in learning structs was the difference between the '.' and the '->' syntax. I already knew what a record or a row was. If you believe the company which gave us the Global Financial Crisis, by giving junk investments an 'AAA' rating, you'll believe anything. Quite old. I was in my mid 20s. But this was in the early 1970s. It was a BASIC program. I was given about 20 80-column cards which I had mark with a thick black pen in the relevant positions. I then gave the pack back to the friend who had access to one of the early multi-user terminals in another town and who could run it. He was impressed that it ran perfectly without any syntax errors, but not that it was an infinite loop. On the other hand, my first computer I had to build with a soldering-iron and a very large box of parts in 1979 and that's what finally enabled me to begin programming for real, in both BASIC and Assembly Language. Faulty quiz - needs work. Instead of clarifying the request, in case the support person had misunderstood it, the customer goes on the attack on the very first message after the first reply. The second reply of the support person is an explanation, and once again the customer continues the attack. If I was the support person, I wouldn't accept that. People are mirrors, they reflect how you are treating them. If you ever feel you are mistreated, it's likely that your own previous behaviour is at fault. It's a bit like the 'Innovator's Dilemma'. The Labels are trying to squeeze as much as possible from the old paradigms/genres, instead of looking ahead for the next wave. It would be interesting to see how much the Labels' share has shrunk since the introduction of paid digital-download distributors like iTunes, Amazon, etc VISA, Mastercard and SWIFT have damaged their own brands by showing themselves not be neutral but controlled politically. By not being neutral, it shows they cannot be trusted and dependable for all users. Other entities will arise that are neutral around the world and will replace VISA, mastercard and SWIFT. Just wait till the armed drones fly over. "Once they feared you. Then they matched you. For a while they laughed at you. Now they ignore you. You have lost." Microsoft has become irrelevant ever since Vista. Up till then they had stuff that was essential, even if you only used it a few times a year. Where does the energy which generates the charging electricity come from? Some places will use nuclear energy or some other non-oil energy source, but many places will use oil to generate the electricity used in an attempt to save importing oil. Then the problem is that generation and charging losses will mean that more oil rather than less oil will be imported. I have several of these. http://sockitz.com.au/m/index.php/classic-sockitz-white-usb-... What I'd like to know is what killed the Maserati? You hardly ever see one. A circuit-breaker is basically a type of relay. Many early computers used relays. Anything that can be set in two states, and the state of it can be read back, can be used as binary memory. Business 101: NEVER turn away a paying customer. Personally, I think they'd be better off doing an 'Apple'. They could use an open-source OS as a foundation instead of spending lots of resources going-alone with something idiosyncratic that's not used by anyone else. The resources freed up could be concentrated on improving the GUI environment (as Apple did) which is what 99.9% of your clients will be interfacing with. But MSFT will never do this, they have the NIH mentality so deeply ingrained that they would rather die than look outside the MSFT World. A good incentive to join the 'black cash' economy. Immersion seems to be the best way. Just use the foreign-language all the time. Those of us who have gone along the foreign language route seem to find that it takes a short but definite time-lag within the brain when 'switching out' the foreign-language and 'switching-in' the native-language. And then the same thing happens with the reverse, you have to 'switch-out' the native-language, and 'switch-in' the foreign-language. Consequently, by continuing to use the native-language, you never get out of the habit of thinking in your native-language. On the other hand, when never having to 'switch-in' the native-language during immersion, the brain gets much more acclimated to the foreign-language and after a few days to a week, some thinking in the foreign-language occurs. The down-side to this is that you feel a bit like you're living in a bubble, because you don't get to speak freely (easily) to anyone else while you're in immersion, and it just feels so relieving when you finally get to speak to someone else in your native-language. Good Luck. And if you go travelling to places where that foreign-language is spoken, try not to go with a spouse or friend that only speaks your native-language. They will prevent you from learning the other one. "Also, interestingly enough, most people who grew up with bidets believe the toilet paper only method to be unsanitary whereas those brought up on TP only believe bidets to be inferior." If bidets are inferior to TP, then why should we wash our hands after using the toilet? Surely a wipe over of our hands with a piece of TP would be better. This is a 'joke' (?). The heading: :(){ :|:& };: is a "fork bomb" booby trap. Do NOT enter that set of characters in a CLI. The bright orange ones might be staph. aureus. They'd need to be examined under a microscope to give a better idea of their identity than just the color. There's a difference between being merely colonised and being infected. Meanwhile ground-based missiles have taken out all 4 F-35s. Games are fun, but war is not a game. Write an emulator for an 8-bit Z80 microprocessor and then execute an actual Z80 program. It'll be the 'best thing since sliced bread' until there is a big 'friendly fire' incident. Then the robots will be quietly disabled by the soldiers who might at risk from them. Just like the Windtalkers ended up being more secure for communications than the German super-duper technological Enigma machine. So ZDNET thinks Linux is a good idea, these days? A far cry from its derisive description back in 2001 - "SuSE Linux, Europe's leading distributor of the upstart Linux operating system....." Then again, ZDNET seems to be a ghost of itself these days, in line with its favorite company, Microsoft. When you align yourself with the 'only game in town' you get left out in the cold when the game changes. It's not the height that's the important thing. It's the speed. Even at 20km in the air, you'd still have to accelerate to roughly 7 miles a second, and that takes a lot of fuel. Use whichever works best for a particular variable. If you don't know, you haven't thought about it. An interesting read is "Bare-faced Messiah" - an unauthorised biography of L. Ron Hubbard. They don't know how to move the cursor one word to the right? Very strange. Airports are a good indicator of the health of the country's infrastructure. If the airports are bad, it's very likely that the country's roads and bridges are bad too. If electronics are involved, it will always be hackable. The safest system, with an automatic in-built audit trail, is good old paper and pencil ballots with scrutineers from both/all parties supervising.