Well, at the risk of providing a not very detailed answer: it's better, in my subjective opinion. Better at code introspection, better at refactorings, better at debugging. Also, I prefer the UI. Of course, you're the final arbiter of these things for yourself, so give it a short. > Allowing unrestricted Internet access. On the contrary - filtering my internet indicates that you don't consider me capable of self-regulation... I prefer being treated like a responsible adult - responsible for my great code or my slacking off, whichever I choose. I greatly value this level of respect from employers. > I realize Linux in 2013 is not so dangerous, but take a gander at recent java security bulletins when you get a chance anyway. Off the top of my head, all of the recent serious vulnerabilities were applet related. The JRE doesn't require a Java plugin for your browser, no plugin, no applets. > That can get occasionally annoying, if you drop in a a bunch of 1mb text files in your repository and it insists of examining them. You can right click the directory and mark it as excluded from the project. We have an integration test suite that likes to emit gigabytes of XML into its local directory - which IDEA happily tries to index. Excluding it saves me a lot of CPU time. > It should take a lot more than an compromised web server to gain long-term access to data feeds from LexisNexus and D&B. Especially as Dun & Bradstreet operate as a credit bureau (in my country at least). And there's also gitosis, which IIRC is considered superceded by gitolite, but it's still working well for us. > the subtle differences between fetch and pull While I agree with some of your criticisms, as the resident 'Git guy', I've found no difficulty in explaining to people that pull is a convenience alias for 'fetch followed by merge'. Git's learning curve is far worse than Python's, simply due to the limitations of its abstractions - e.g., a branch isn't really a first class entity in Git, yet most people using the centralized server model for Git will tend to think about their daily Git work in terms of branches. The problem only manifests when you're trying to do things like "show me only commits from branch ". Or, "show me when branch was created from master." Yep, that's true. I think I've nearly taught our testers the difference. :D > How I'm going to suddenly become more employable than someone with years of experience. Haven't quite figured this one out. Well, you'll be asking for lower salaries than them for a few years, so that'll help. :D > that 99 out of 100 times you are told - explicitly or by work schedule "do not do it in an interesting, performant or elegant way, just get it working somehow and move on" Sure, we're in businesses (well, most of us), and there's little room for gilding the lilly or perfectionists who can't deliver. That said, I've always found that elegant code is easier to maintain, thus reducing technical debt. If your employer doesn't want to reduce technical debt, you're either working for a start-up that's in a mad rush to 1.0, or you're working for someone who doesn't understand or care about the interest you pay on technical debt, and it may be time to move on. > I don't think I ever caught myself writing code for my employer and thinking "hey, I really enjoy this" Poor guy. I write stuff I enjoy for my employer all the time. Our fridge has free beer and cola, so best of both worlds. Teach me your one crazy discovery that makes doctors hate you. I'll also say Java - Scala's possible, but slow and fiddly (last time I tried it, you had to tree-shake the app using Proguard because the Scala stdlib has a real hard time fitting into Dalvik's hardcoded limitations of 65K ish symbols). Kotlin is a doddle to get working, but it's alpha as hell, so only use for experiments. Yep, our Maven project routinely fails to build on Windows as there are some paths which are just too long. > However knowledge of pointers, lists and b-trees have been very helpful multiple times throughout my career. Indeed. And such glorious moments they are when choosing the right data structure drastically improves performance. However, if I were interviewing for a Rails developer position, the last thing I'd anticipate having to bone up on is algorithms and data-structures. I'd be expecting to be asked about... well, doing stuff in Ruby on Rails. Thank God you know how to implement a linked list though, shopping carts are filled with linked lists. > Java is a piece of crap when it comes to anything that's actually complex. Define complex? Anecdotal, but I noticed a distinct drop-off in my local user groups, Java and .NET, when Stackoverflow started getting popular. > Yes, globalization has serious downsides – but only because it happens with nations still existing So... A) What do you propose in lieu of nations B) How does your proposal in (A) fix the issue of disparate living costs across the globe? It costs less to hire an Indian developer than it does to hire an Australian developer than it does to hire a German developer. When we abolish nations, how will this be resolved? > Jagged, unfiled nails are viewed by women (accurately) as a major sign of sexual inexperience/ineptitude... Holy sweeping generalisation Batman. However, as I'm not even one woman, let alone all women, I won't speak on their behalf. > Jobs can easily head towards the cheapest, least regulated economy, but workers are prevented both legally and economically from moving towards the places with the best working conditions. Ah, the ideal of perfect labour mobility. Even if we did remove the legal and economic restrictions, we still can't achieve perfect labour mobility without breaking down a person's social ties to family, friends and community. Although some neoliberals have put a lot of effort into doing so. > And when workers in these countries do manage to achieve a modest increase in working conditions and therefore wages, the employers can simply pack up shop and head to the next cheap market. It's true, just as "Made in Japan" and "Made in Taiwan" were once considered how "Made in China" is today. And now we see the rising wages in China triggering manufacturers moving to Indonesia and the Philippines. In this regard at least, the globalisation of manufacturing is a force for good. I presume that they'll run out of countries to move to eventually. I was wondering if he was a New Zealander, in Canterbury we have a very characterful foehn wind we call the nor'wester. Its associated arch of cloud is called the nor'west arch. http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Nor'west_arch We're not exactly imaginative with names around here. The more pernicious senior engineer is one who can code their way out of a box in an interview, but cannot deliver working code in a production environment due to various reasons - perfectionism seems to be a common thread to not delivering in my (limited) experience. Do you have any pointers on weeding these candidates out? Our country's employment laws make it hard to fire net negative producing programmers. "Best programmers" and "people who contribute effectively to a team's culture" can sometimes be exclusive sets. One of the most intelligent and creative programmers I know is an arrogant douchebag who demoralises entire teams. He's very effective on his own, but stick him in a scrum team, and watch the culture of that team sour and watch its productivity drop. And if your team culture is "let's be interesting creative people with zany hairstyles and really unusual hobbies" (not my team, but I sit beside them), then someone who is passionate mainly about checked exceptions is probably going to be a bad fit. I used the arrogant douchebag as an example of why a great programmer who doesn't fit a team's culture is going to drag down the productivity of that team - how they don't fit that culture can obviously vary. > If Indonesia uses thermal power then using the electricity generated from it has little negative environmental impact. Thermal as in burning fossil fuels, not geothermal. Fair enough, each team's dynamics are different. > whales fly into the air unnoticed Is this the origin of the Twitter fail-whale? PHPStorm is more focused and coherent and includes some features that IDEA + PHP plugin doesn't, IMO. If I were a full-time PHP developer, I'd use PHPStorm, but for my occasional PHP needs, IDEA + PHP plugin is ideal. PyCharm is much the same - for full-time Python development, I'd prefer it to IDEA + plugin. Just to reiterate myself - IMO, PHPStorm, PyCharm etc. are slightly more featureful and more coherent for their respective languages than IDEA + plugin. Did you file a bug for it? Precisely. When I was trying to get into the developer game (I'm self-taught with no degree so couldn't follow the normal progression) the biggest market in my hometown was (and still is) for .NET developers. So, I joined a .NET user group, I installed VS, I started learning. Problem was, MS was churning out the "next great thing" faster than I could learn the last great thing. While I was getting my head around WinForms, WPF came out. I started using WPF, then Silverlight arrived, which was like WPF, just a subset of it, and therefore different enough to be problematic. But that wasn't too bad. It was the 'blessed' data layer stuff that threw me. When I started it was DataSets etc. Then it was LINQ-to-SQL, then it was very much not LINQ-to-SQL, but instead was Entity Framework. As a newbie who was trying to make myself marketable, it felt like a bit of a hamster wheel, but then through the user group, I met .NET pros who felt exactly the same way. And at the end of the day, the greatest irony was that when I finally broke into the market, it was a Java-based developer role on the basis of my JavaScript. So all my years of frantically spinning the .NET wheel was for naught. I still do love F# though. In hindsight, the thing that strikes me about .NET development is that most businesses using it really want the whole stack to be from one provider whom they trust - and as a result, third party alternatives never really get a look-in if an MS or MS blessed technology such as JSON.net ( http://james.newtonking.com/json ) can do the same job. That is a massive sweeping generalisation of course, and only applicable to the limits of my experience in a small city in a small country. > Are you certain that the general programming knowledge you acquired through "spinning the wheel" wasn't a factor? I never stopped (and never do stop) learning as much as I could, and I apologise if I gave the impression I was only learning .NET stuff. I was primarily coding in Python, but got into JS to write stealth code to automate a horrendously manual part of my day job in a government contact centre. To clarify for you on the hire, I was hired for the JS, but expected to learn Java pretty quickly. > Adaptability is an important skill for developers. For sure. > Meanwhile I learned how to use an OSS lamp stack and have been happily using it for the last 10 years. Very stable and reliable, I could not be happier. I find that Java's biggest problem (stability/stagnation depending on who you ask) is also the JVM development ecosystem's benefit. There's not one body driving adoption of technologies by deciding what's supported and what's not, so technology choice is less dictated by economic imperatives. Probably unicode support reasons, they're obviously going for a slashed zero to look old school and/or avoid being called OhMQ but... http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Slashed_zero#Representation_in_... Way to dump your own depressive tendencies on a 15 year old. Jesus. Ignorance? Oh my. Unfortunately, I satisfy your criteria required for understanding suicide, so I vehemently disagree with your assertion that "Suicide is a very rational reaction to life." Especially when we're discussing teenagers, who haven't even lived one fifth of their expected lifespan. Did you miss the last line? > While it may seem obvious that something is wrong, these issues went unnoticed by a veteran photographer, the Associate Press, and every news outlet that ran the photo. If they are not noticing details like this, then what other forms of media hacking are they not noticing? He concludes 1) It's fake 2) He's smarter than everyone else. It went far beyond "offers some possibilities" way into "making wild assumptions on the basis of a single photo" territory. Oh wow, same guy? That's a pretty conclusive debunking of his claims... If you only check replies to your comments, it is. > What's really sick is the personality cult around this creep Yeah, I just had a look at his Twitter, there's a lot of girls sending him naked pictures and telling him how much they love him, and a bunch of sycophants avidly defending him (in a highly misogynistic manner, natürlich). > No, actually, fuck YOU. Why so angry mate? Cheers for a great synopsis that I intend to inflict upon my coworkers at the first available opportunity. :D > 2) lots of homeless people > 3) urine smell every where As a recent visitor to your city, the large number of people sleeping rough was a shock. I am from a small social-liberal democracy though, so we typically have less homelessness in general, but yeah, it was confronting. Down by the ferry terminal (on the Embarcadero I think?) there was two homeless people sleeping under a tarpaulin at the base of a flagpole proudly bearing the American flag. The juxtaposition was so ironic that I wonder if they were part-time performance artists when they weren't sleeping outdoors. How do Americans reconcile the homeless to their place as the wealthiest nation? > Limousine NIMBY Leftism Are you able to elaborate on this one? Cheers mate, that explains it. I was struggling to reconcile the Bay Area's famed leftie tendencies with the realities of inequality on the ground. > Using null instead of None means you are more at risk of hitting a NPE. I think he's aware of that - he said he's using Scala as a better Java, what would Java be without the odd NPE? Yeah, I had hopes for Kotlin, but so far they've dropped pattern matching. Still, it's more likely to gain traction as a 'better than Java, but not _too_ much more powerful' language, IMO. For example, methods (and extension methods) can still be used as operators, but have to be valid Java names, so no methods called I saw "The Internship." Me too, as such, you have my sympathies. I don't disagree with your point, I just hope working for Google isn't as humourless as portrayed in the film. > Every european country has own laws, culture and language. You're completely disregarding the EEC and European Parliament. As an aside on language, while on the train to Brussels from Köln, I was chatting with some Young Greens who were en route to a pan-European Green conference. One was from Serbia, one from Germany and one from France, and we were all speaking in English, it tends to function as a lingua franca, so language has never been a barrier for me yet. The multilingual capacity of Europeans really puts me to shame, my German barely goes past "I would like a beer" and "I would like a coffee". But yes, they have different languages, so i18n is a thing you have to pay attention to, and yes, they have different cultures and markets, so how you sell and engage people can differ. But you can recruit a small cadre of local sales experts to do your sales - a sister company of ours develops in the Czech Republic and sells in Poland, Romania and Turkey. The European market is hardly as balkanized as you make out. If what you say was true, then iPhones would have presumably never impacted in Europe - after all, every european country has own laws, culture and language. Serious question - can you short sell bitcoin? Is it possible for someone with large amounts of currency to do what Soros did to England / Thailand? If you want an easy entry into Germany as skilled worker, for example, you need to hold a 4 year degree in an appropriate field. Definitely agree. When I saw this: > A larger firm is more efficient (that's why almost everything is made by large firms) which makes employees of these firms more productive. This may be counterintuitive, but it's right ...I got a tad ragey. Everything is made by large firms because capitalism is predicated upon, well, capital, and the larger you are, the more you can grow. Mergers and acquisitions are the sound of that growth. The next issue I have with that statement is this - define efficient. The local branch of HP tenders for government websites, and then it charges the government $4000 to change text in a hyperlink. Is it more efficient at generating revenue than a small PHP firm? Yes. Is it helping the client make a more efficient use of their IT spend than a small PHP firm? Hell no. Former employees of large dev shops who work with me tell me about the time they wasted in being forced to argue with clients about whether or not bugs were actually bugs, because bugs weren't billable but feature requests were. Apparently, this is more productive. Having escaped from a public sector bureaucracy to a small start-up which is now at the 30-person size, claiming that a large private sector bureaucracy is more efficient and makes individuals within it more productive is most extraordinary. Incidentally, the only real difference between a public sector bureaucracy and a private sector bureaucracy is that the latter gives its middle managers bigger bonuses. That implies that 50% of startups have a negative impact, how would you define one? Yeah, precisely. Java's anonymous classes can also act as a (large and bulky) closure, although as you have to declare local variables used by the anonymous class as final, the capacity to close over mutable state is limited to instance fields or mutable objects. > that's why F# has two generics systems in the same language. For real? Do you have any reading I can do on this? It sounds... interesting > Why so smug? Yeah, the alpha geek passive-aggression is a tiresome aspect of our industry. Usually that smug self-assuredness is worn down by harsh experience, but heaven help you if you meet a 40 year old alpha geek who has not yet learned that they too can be wrong. (I work with one, and he makes some shocking mistakes but cannot admit it, so when he launches at you with a holier-than-thou attitude, scorn and contempt are all that arise). > What happened to good grace and manners Exactly. When you're totally right and someone's totally wrong, if you want to effect actual change (assuming that doing so requires their coöperation), grace is precisely what's required. You can have all the technical correctness in the world behind you, but the moment you put someone's back up with your poor attitude, the chance of them rationally engaging with your argument drops dramatically. I've had this argument before with some people on Reddit, and I received the retort "But who cares if I was rude, _they_ were wrong, I was telling them how to fix it!" ad perpetuam from one particular person who was astounded that no-one took his advice. > At least with EuroStar from London to Brussels Yeah, true, but in my (admittedly limited experience of international travel), it was very painless compared to airports simply due to having more staff available. I particularly enjoyed the German Rail Pass when I was there recently. Something like 240€ got me 3 days of unlimited travel within a month on the ICE trains (and S-Bahn) around Germany and to Brussels, which worked out fantastic for my travel plans - from Frankfurt to Hamburg, Hamburg to Brussels, and then Brussels to München. Worked out a lot cheaper than flying and the time cost was about comparable. Mostly it was far more comfortable too - apart from the bit where I caught the train from Köln to Brussels at the end of the weekend and ended up sitting on my bags by the toilets because it was so crammed. If you can afford it, AWS is nice, especially with the ability to spin up capacity only when you need it, which can make the economics work in your favour. If you're not sure if you can afford it, then stay off it. It's easy, but that convenience doesn't come cheap. > it’s not uncommon for us to encounter 30-50% time spent in GC Hmm... not sure if that's just C#, or if I should start profiling my Java apps a lot more closely. Try Intellij IDEA with Java and the various Java frameworks - IDEA is Jetbrains' (developers of Resharper) flagship IDE, they also do slightly more focused variants for Python, Ruby, PHP, and web development (PyCharm, RubyMine, PHPStorm, and WebStorm respectively.) > Who knows how finely tuned these projects were or what their load was like before a rewrite. A rewrite in a new language gives you more benefits than just the new language , it also gives you the benefit of hindsight. The ability to fix mistakes made in the first implementation can go a long way. That's a very good point with these rewrite stories - you could happen to rewrite some really poor code while porting and boom! Language Y is 50% more performant! What are we looking at in your screenshot? I've been Where's-Waldoing it for the word 'destroy' but can't find it. Boo to the editorializing in the submission description. Bullying? For trying to enforce a trademark? Come now, I know software patents can be absurd in the US of A, but trademarks are a different kettle of fish, so don't throw the baby away with the bath water. To the validity of the claim, I don't know how American trademark classifications break down, but it seems that "You Rather" is in a similar class of commercial activity as "Would You Rather...?" if I read this correctly: http://tess2.uspto.gov/bin/showfield?f=doc&state=4803:l4gavd... In particular, class 41: > IC 041. US 100 101 107. G & S: (Based on Use in Commerce) Entertainment services, namely, a multimedia program series featuring comedy, action and adventure distributed via various platforms across multiple forms of transmission media; Production of cable television programs. FIRST USE: 20111203. FIRST USE IN COMMERCE: 20111203 IANAL, but my gut feeling is that "You Rather" is pretty close to infringing, and that their best hope lies in their second claim that "Would You Rather...?" is a generic term. > Now, I'm unsure of American trademark law, but I understand it's a "use it or lose it" styled setup. Correct? Well, they took four years to challenge them, if it went to court, and subpoenaed information shows that they knew about yourather.com for years, would that work against them? It can do. I imagine it'd also affect any damages awarded. > Personal income taxes are about 50% in the US. I'm not American, but every time I look at taxation levels, I come out with a number significantly smaller than that. I presume that America uses progressive taxation, so at what income level does personal income + payroll tax equate to 50% of gross? That FICA number is high, at least according to Wikipedia. > Under the SE Tax Act, self-employed people are responsible for the entire percentage of 15.3% (= 12.4% [Soc. Sec.] + 2.9% [Medicare]); however, the 15.3% multiplier is applied to 92.35% of the business's net earnings from self-employment, rather than 100% of the gross earnings; the difference, 7.65%, is half of the 15.3%, and makes the calculation fair in comparison to that of regular (non-self-employed) employees. The rest of your figures aren't really what I'd consider personal income taxation, although they're definitely interesting. Also interesting is that married people in the US of A experience a tax advantage when filing jointly - not so our tax code, it's very theoretically pure. > First, the TSA itself has admitted that there is no evidence of terrorist plots against aviation in the US That's funny, because I got searched more thoroughly leaving the USA than when I was flying to the USA. > Tax-wise, the US is among the worst places to be self-employed. Singapore's a bit of an outlier - the government owns one of the busiest ports in the world, thus requires less income from tax compared to others. If you compare the US to other Western democracies, how does it fare? > It's not quite that simple. That could be the catchphrase for the entire US tax code. :D > I'd say that sales tax is personal Does US sales tax apply to purchases by a business? What about pair programming in lieu of code review? Still a red flag? > Java did win the war... ...You could argue that Ruby has overtaken it For what? A specific niche of web applications? XPCOM is... yeah, it's pretty bad. Writing a Firefox plugin vs. writing a Chrome plugin is darkness vs. light. > GVR himself has acknowledged everything I said I hate to be picky, but he only acknowledged portions of what you said. > but a couple decorators held this one back. @classmethod and @staticmethod are somewhat important language features to not break. Someone took the Godfather to heart. > And strings aren't? Not sure how explicit self breaks strings? You've lost me on the way I'm afraid. If we're quoting Reddit comments at each other: > You may be used to a different kind of magic. Perhaps the magic of a variable called this appearing inside your method, or the magic in which an un-prefixed variable name somevar is sometimes a local but at other times a member variable this.somevar. So it may take a little time to get used to Python's style, but isn't it only because you are used to the other magic? Explicit self is hardly a burden after about 10 minutes of learning Python, and there's really little objective argument to be made in favour of or against it as opposed to everything else. You quoted JavaScript as 'not needing it' before, and dear God, JS is the worst of all languages to reference, given how the this keyword is a calling context, which every man and his framework takes liberties with. How much code did the new strings break, exactly? What code it may have broken most likely benefits from the new unicode treatment, it was the worst thing about Python strings. Removing self would be a far more massive change - it wouldn't just impact certain strings, it would impact every Python class. > I believe you are incorrect that it is disabled by default No, it is disabled by default, I go through a few Macs and turning on right click (and inverting that 'natural scroll') is the first thing I do. > It's much higher than it is or other races. When you dig into the data, it usually turns out that stereotypes exist for a reason You'll find blacks and latinos are overrepresented in all negative socioeconomic indicators. But I'm sure that they're all deliberately choosing to have die younger and spend more time in prison. Okay, so poorly researched stories and confirmation bias aside, did the author mean to imply that China's air pollution issues are more about belief than fact? My wife would like to live in China, but every time we look at the PM25 / PM10 for the cities where I can easily get work, it looks genuinely life-threatening - I'm an asthmatic. I'm cringing currently. It seems funny now, but in ten years, it'll be as funny as a Java class file's header being 0xCAFEBABE is. It also assigns them an infantile quality. > but you need to be explicit about everything, which doesn't really work in an agile development cycle made of tight feedback loops. We're a scrum team based in Oceania working for a German firm, and we have had similar issues which we've resolved by usage of proxy product owners and regular backlog groomings. It'd doable, but it takes some investment in relationships and knowledge. I'd wager nearly all Java developers run their applications in their own JVMs, far far away from the sweaty mitts of client-side JREs. > That's why I will never take the language (or the JVM languages) seriously Seriously dude? > So we should rob these people of one of the ways By working for free, they're lowering the wages of everyone else in the software development field. Who is robbing who exactly? > So yes, I enjoyed programming in Java, and being relieved of the responsibility for producing a quality product. It was pleasant to not have to worry about whether I was doing a good job, or whether I might be writing something hard to understand or to maintain. The code was ridiculously verbose, of course, but that was not my fault. It was all out of my hands. Yes, that's it, blame the language when you write poor quality software. If only I'd used language X instead of language Y, my code would've been easy to read, well-architected and thoroughly tested. ...and if language X in this instance is supposed to be Perl.... come on. It has built-in functions that change behaviour depending on whether or not you're assigning them to something. > If the wages are lower across the industry, it means consumers get lower prices. You're totally ignoring the consumer side of the equation. You're totally ignoring the most probable outcome - reductions in costs lead to higher dividends paid to shareholders. Consumers continue paying the same price. > where they talk about "core hours", the importance of "having fun during those 8 hours a day" and being "a part of the team in-house" it all feels like they're stuck in an industrial age mindset. There's a reason for it. People communicate best in person. No amount of technology can totally replicate face to face communication. And many would argue that communication is essential for high performance teams. I certainly do. > Are you sure that robbing is the word you are looking for? Your choice of word, mate, not mine. If you want to talk about entitlement, lead on. Free labour will always out-compete paid labour, and the more free labour in the market, the lower wages get, so the point I raise is valid - they gain their experience at the overall expense of the rest of the developer community. In general, usage of unpaid interns damages the social contract between employer and employee - fair wages for fair work. Look at what has happened in other industries where wages have been driven down - America's regional airline pilots are paid ludicrously low wages despite the rather important role they have, with flow-on effects that speculatively affect safety. I have a feeling I've struck the libertarians of HN, in which case, this discussion is probably for naught. > Right now, AI controls airplanes, stock markets, information searches, surveillance programs, and more ...are they correct? I can't really imagine anyone sticking existing AI implementations in aircraft. Or do they have a looser definition of AI? When an imbalance of power exists in a relationship ( cf employer - employee), no free decisions exist. Now, employer - union, maybe. If these guys are working for free, then your argument is predicated on a falsehood. I use plenty of Java APIs. It's a vast ecosystem of code, generalising across all Java libraries ever is silly.