Why do you have a hard time with that? Are we some sort of special snowflake? Was life formed all at the same time everywhere? For all we know alien civilisations have been around for a billion years already. I guess the difficulty with this is that we're faced with groups that are actively telling us what to do by ways of advertising. They ask more nicely, and are at times much less obvious, but it's still has a great influence. I'm not even in your country, and honestly, I don't want to live there. Where you see people shouting "freedom" the loudest, I see fear, distrust, and anger. I'm just pointing out that no one is as free as you think you are because you always have influences. But I appreciate your willingness for open thought and reflection. I can't wait to see the first team of 5 separate AI learn to insult each other. It'll be a watershed moment in history when the first vote to kick another AI occurs. Sorry, I don't believe in absolute freedom of speech. In fact I don't believe in anything absolute. But enjoy your black and white world. It appears to be a very angry place where one either lives in a fictional idealized America or North Korea. Me too. I'm just weary of it appealing via marketing to those without the skills to fully understand their choices or to understand that their are being advertised to, like children. That's what I keep telling my amputee friend too - just walk it off. That's what I'm wondering about this whole thing - by what metrics can we test MAGA? I'm beginning to feel like this is Obama 2.0 when it comes to a revolution - in 4 to 8 years we will look back and go "huh, pretty much business as normal". I'm not worried about a random scapegoat, but I do just see this fizzling, and the anger and division being there again in 4 years time. The hard part will be "and here's our alternative!" You think anything can astound the left after last night? Make robots pay taxes! I really don't think one can emphasize the health and life benefits of any sort of full-ish body strength training. I'm a huge proponent of full body movement based barbell training, but exactly like you said, pushups, pullups, that sort of thing makes every aspect of your life better. No one has ever regretted getting even a little bit stronger. I love rowing for conditioning. It's up there with prowler/sled for puke factor if that's what you're going for, and it's great for general cardio if you don't like uncontrollable body tremors. In my country / province (Canada / Alberta), IT workers are considered professionals and as such we are overtime exempt while we in no way qualify as "high earners" compared to a lot of the surrounding vocations - is that the same where you are, or are we just getting a raw deal up here? Yup... I'm in the wrong company. That's the philosophy I try to live by. I always assume that in 5-10 years I'll assume that current me will seem like an idiot. "Just run it off." http://scienceblogs.com/mixingmemory/2006/10/21/if-i-dont-re... Amnesiacs who ate a big lunch could eat another large lunch after they forgot the first one. Not perfect, but it helps indicate a leaning towards hunger, satiety, and the mind. I know for myself it really changed how I felt when I made the move to barbell training. Heavy compound lifts require a sort of zen-like focus that really clears my mind and re-centers me. I can't tell you the number of times I've walked out of the gym with my mood having done a complete 180 from when I walked in. > Good article but in essence, it only works for freelancers, especially the 20 something kind who programs or designs and interacts with his customer through skype. That's exactly my thoughts. I provide analysis & design work for government - even the fact that I'm an early riser is an issue, as leaving the office that 1-2 hours before the government mandated 4:30 end time causes them to be partially without the instant support and feedback they expect. Life, uh, finds a way. I guess the theory is you can't be too poor to gamble? That's my struggle with this - it feels like living in constant fear of something going awry and a bout of extreme anxiety every 6-12 months. I'll take my impostor syndrome and constant medium-high anxiety thank you very much. I need to figure out a way to bill for time I've spent thinking about the problem rather than the time my butt was in the seat. I made that mistake as well. Did what people were telling me to do and it got me nowhere. Got a useless university degree in something I liked because I thought having a degree would help, and was told by everyone that I was too "gifted" not to get one. Found out it just makes you super pretentious at retail jobs while you struggle to pay off the debt. I managed to pay that debt off, and 5 years ago I figured out what I should actually do, went back to school yet again, and again I've spent the last 3 years again paying off the exact average amount of student loan debt in a job that seems to pay about $100k less than what the valley pays. Just payed off the last of my student debt in one big lump sum on Sunday. I was super aggressive paying off my loans and I'm so very thankful they are done. Now in my mid 30's, used to living like a pauper but entirely debt free, and I can finally start putting my money towards things that matter. I really wish I'd gotten good advice about where I should probably head a decade and a half ago, when I still had savings and a larger support network. I would have only had to go through this once, though I know I'm one of the lucky ones in that I've been able to pay it off at all. I'm not against student debt in general, schools unfortunately cost money, I just wish the guidance counselors talked about the ROI of particular degrees and pushed the trades and technical colleges harder. My ability to talk about the socioeconomic results of the black plague doesn't enhance my employability. Thankfully I figured out that SQL, Python, and C# does on my own. Yeah, unfortunately I was a dutiful kid who trusted and listened to the advice to those who offered it. Made that first round of bad choices pretty devastating. Which is why I'm only finally crawling out of the flaming wreckage that was my initial career trajectory now. In the grim darkness of the far future, there is only ! And here I was wondering what my new anxiety for the day would be. They absolutely are. For example: http://www.bbc.com/earth/story/20150514-extraordinary-pollin... I'm trying to figure out whose idea IT professionals being salaried was. I just looked it up, as a Canadian living in Alberta I make the average yearly salary. I refuse to seem him speak. He's made some sort of otherworldly bargain, I just know it. Like Odin trading his eye for wisdom, Teller traded his voice for magic. Or maybe Penn traded Teller's voice for magic. I could see that. Does that mean that it fails at duck typing? That's my reasoning as well - while we don't do "our 40 and go home", it looks conspicuously similar, and we bill the client by our hours worked, and so any time I'm at work not putting in billable time is my own time I'm wasting. Working at a place that focuses on billable hours and the majority of work is time and materials, the answer speaks for itself. Given the other incredibly insightful posts from people who are going through this exact problem as we speak, and knowing that I'm in all likelyhood decades away from having to face such a problem, I feel incredibly silly saying this, but I totally agree with you - contemplating my own lack of existence is maddening to me. I want nothing more than to never cease being, to never stop learning and experiencing and seeing how the world and I change, and the knowledge that one day I'll stop fills me with intense dread and sadness. It's utterly egotistical, but I don't want there to ever be a time where I don't exist. Which is ridiculous, because I didn't exist for the huge of time, but now that I'm here, I really don't want to stop being. The idea that instead of moving on or experiencing something new I'll experience nothing, and I'll never come back from it, never get a chance to experience anything ever again, is horrifying. I can hold over a HP for a minute, and that's it, I need to go throw up. But it was a fun goal. I love #1, I just find that it never comes without #2. Problem solving is great, problem solving on deadline is much less relaxing. Probably a human bias for us. We can pick out differences in human faces easier, so we can tell the difference in the images. Looking at those pictures, I'd say that the monkey brain puts on 10 lbs. I take water and coffee breaks to try and think, but for some reason most of my inspirations occur at a urinal. Should make a nice nest to put your bottlecaps in. In Firefox Developer Edition everything happens faster than in regular Firefox, though they seem to end at the same result. I wonder why that is. Animation doesn't seem much faster. I think the "neither instance seems to actually make physical sense" is due to a lack of friction. As a Canadian, to get 2.5 GB of data from a larger cell phone company costs me over $100 / month (there are smaller companies that will reduce that, but still, it's little data for quite a bit of money). I'm very happy I can force things to download only over WiFi. I'm 6'6" and haven't flown in nearly two decades - I have no idea if I'm going to fit into a seat at the moment, and have no idea how to check. I'm facing my first work flight next month and a honeymoon in January, and don't know what to do to make sure I'll have enough room. I know there's seat length available online, but who knows if I'll measure correctly and end up wedged into a seat I can't possibly sit into. Funny about all this is that they are charging $200 to remove the immobilizer, and by immobilizing the vehicle it's clear it's not been removed... so why are they immobilizing his vehicle for the $200 charge for removal of a product that they didn't remove? My brain, it hurts. They are asserting that it's their property, but they want to charge to get it back, and will punish you if you don't pay. Man, I love car dealerships. I think it really depends on what you're using them for. I know I use both every day. I find myself using VSCode for more of my coding (taking advantage of intellisense and the built in debugger for my python work), while I find that Sublime has a much better "find in files" (as we use CVS for version control), and its general better for opening one-off files or lengthy debug logs with its amazing speed, and having enough respect to not leave little .vscode folders everywhere you tinker. If you entered gibberish into the site, it seems it would randomly tell you if you were compromised or not. https://techcrunch.com/2017/09/08/psa-no-matter-what-you-wri... International Gibberish Day - they still haven't even made an effort to identify those in Canada and the UK who were affected. It's a whole world of nonsense. Just like everything else in regards to this issue - who knows? It's a noisy mess, and the only thing we can be sure of is that it's going to be a never-ending nightmare for a lot of people through absolutely no fault of their own, requiring constant vigilance for the rest of their lives, and the system that built and continues to support this monster isn't going away any time soon. Sadly, being the commodity and not the customer, even though it directly affects our lives, and in spite of it being a private company, we can't do anything about it. And is the hope then that Equifax will go out of business? Are we under the assumption that either of the other two are better, or are they just the same, and they haven't had their day in the spotlight yet? Absolutely, they IQ test and the relative results are constantly changing according to the population's performance, but if you take a snapshot of the test by using the original test and scoring rubric, you can determine if your IQ changed from your 30's to your 60's in relation to the original distribution. I think this may be an example of the Dunning–Kruger effect - when they complexities aren't understood, it's easy to makes assumptions where you simplify to absurdity. I guess the fun here is if he's intellectually honest about his observations meeting his theory, or whether the cognitive dissonance will keep his beliefs on the rails he expects. Ideally he'll find himself being drawn back towards the evidence based solution. Also, I believe it's hard for smoking craters to rationalize about their observations. Is there statistics for this? I recently dropped 20% of my bodyweight, but didn't find that my behaviour changed at all. If anything as the routines set in it became easier. I would be interested in reading on this phenomena. I've heard this 10% before, but didn't find there to be much of a bump myself. The diet at no point was particularly difficult to stick to once I'd developed the initial discipline. I did find my strength performance to decrease after about 3 or 4 months, but I don't know if that's due to a particular hormonal shift, or being on a caloric deficit for an extended length of time, and a general decrease in mass making lifts harder. So if we took away 1% of that 1000x it's own weight it would be able to lift it? It can't. It will never be able to. Only thing I got out of my engineering dynamics class - ropes don't lift. Well, that and jokes about couple moments. A lift is not a hold. A human can hold a ton of weight against gravity, but that's not them lifting it. See the squat. You can put a huge amount of weight on your back compared to the amount you can actually move. If you put them on an escalator, they could probably even move a distance with it. But that isn't them lifting it that distance. "I guess he kind of bench pressed that steam roller... kind of." That sounds like a twisted sort of indentured servitude - "I gave you life, so you owe me". I think you might be better served getting yourself a dog. More than half of my work is time and materials work (as opposed to a fix bid project), and so it's directly billed to the client. My putting in hours is directly proportional to how much the company makes. I don't like it either, and I feel like I could contribute a lot more effectively on the fixed price items if I wasn't constantly scrounging up T&M work, maybe I'd even have time to think up decent solutions instead of justifying why I have to spend another 2 hours on issue #blah, but it's an example of why required hours exist. That'll make all the "fake news" links a very interesting affair. At the moment the American quality of life is objective worse. The American healthcare system of today is killing people or bankrupting them, but Sweden's quality may one day decline to American levels, so that's a strong enough argument to say it's the worse choice? I feel as though art can have a much greater payoff, and money can be produced in bulk, at a guaranteed value, but even $27k for a card, which you can make a small number before that market is saturated, probably has poor ROI. I think humans are a bad example - we use our own relatively highly developed intelligence to solve problems, and that means we had to feel safe enough from the environment long enough to develop that. But if we look at older organisms, like the tardigrade, there are some incredibly robust creatures out there. I'm getting married to my long term partner in a week, and that's the biggest things that's weighing on our minds. We both want to have children, but we live in a big city, just bought a house, and our economic situation is quite dreary. We'd like one of us to be able to stay home with the kid, but we just can't. Where I live a programmer isn't the best paid position, and both of our jobs are important to our financial success. It'll probably be a matter of getting back to the workforce as soon as possible, and that's really disheartening when you want to give the little one as much of a chance as you can. It's a huge burden on me that I won't get to see all the wonders that will follow after me. Knowing that one day I'll be forced to stop learning and experiencing in a very real and final way really affects me. I want to know if we ever make it off this rock in a real way. What is out there? I'll never know. I want to see how things turn out so badly. Doesn't stop me from wanting to go for a hike. Isn't that the point of projects like folding@home? And hive mind AI is literally skynet. I feel like it was absolutely a money issue. In my experience it's a matter of going "well, we'd like to redesign the screen for $x, but we could throw another link on there for a quarter of $x", and the user will always go with the cheaper option. You can't just say "No, we need to go with the more expensive option" because that makes the client unhappy, and we don't want that, and if you only go with the more expensive, the client will suggest the second themselves. And once the precedent is set with a second link, you're out of luck when you try to redesign for link #3. It's a no win. Well that's more reassuring. Recent project I worked on the dev cost ended up being about 10% of the total cost of the project. It's amazing how much effort it takes to move the institution any. "Should 'FOR REAL' be all in capitals? Bold? Or maybe a different font? I know! We can find a proprietary font that's 99.9% like Arial, but we'll need to throw in specific rules to who can use it and how..." Many animals actively work towards obesity every year before hibernation. They can absolutely gain weight on all natural foods. I think every labrador retriever on the planet would be 200 lbs if they had their way. Regardless of whatever metabolic damage may have been caused, the biggest loser is a bad approach to weight loss, as well as a bad case for trying to see if a weight loss approach works. It's like an addict taking a 3 month detox and then throwing them right back into a pile of needles. They are divorced from every trigger they have in their everyday lives and forced to exercise and restrict, and when they get out, there's the cash prize to try and keep their weight loss until the final episode. After that these people don't have any healthy, sustainable habits, just insane routines and rules. Given how warped their initial approach to food and diet was before the show, it's no wonder they revert to form given enough time. You didn't address their point that zoo animals have to sometimes be kept on diets to remain slim, in spite of their all natural diet. This article seems to think it's a whole gamut of things that keeps these animals thin. http://sciencenordic.com/can-wild-animals-become-overweight Appetite and satiation are far more complex than just "eat until your full and then stop", for instance amensiac patients have been observed to eat waaay more than they should have just because they did remember eating (Rozin et al. (1998)), even they should have by all rights been physically full. There's whole layers of cognitive, emotional, and behavioral patterns with excess food consumption. Personally, I have been able to effectively lose and keep off weight while still enjoying all manner of unnatural foods (Ice cream, McDonald's and candy, oh my). Even farm dogs do their best to get fat. Either way, that's an indictment of activity level then, and not of food quality. Having your metabolism drop should mean that the individual can adjust their eating / activity levels to compensate, but only if they are paying attention and NOT falling back into old habits. I'll bet they aren't. The article says that Sean Algaeir put back on all the weight he lost (~170 lbs). That's not yo-yo weight. That's return to normal behavior weight. "Mr. Cahill knew he could not maintain his finale weight of 191 pounds. He was so mentally and physically exhausted he barely moved for two weeks after his publicity tour ended. But he had started a new career giving motivational speeches as the biggest loser ever, and for the next four years, he managed to keep his weight below 255 pounds by exercising two to three hours a day. But two years ago, he went back to his job as a surveyor, and the pounds started coming back." Like the quote from Dina Mercado says - "The cravings are there.” I'll bet after a time they gave up and largely went back to your old habits. I did that too - I made sure to get my protein (via protein shakes), but after that just ate what I wanted. I developed the same habit too - I ended up restricting things like rice or pasta because I'd rather "spend" those calories on an ice cream cone. The pool. And yeah, we're vastly over simplifying. Imagine all the reflections and refractions that an urban center would introduce. The exception being Tom Bombadil, but he is a strange creature. Ok, that was awesome. I don't buy it at all (if Sauron was indeed a threat to Tom, or if Tom could be bound by the art of the Valar, I feel as though the ring would effect him as well), but it was a really fun read. A fun thought invoked by this, and given Tolkien's intent to create a creation myth for our Earth, is somewhere out there Tom still sits in his forest, waiting, for when the might of the Valar fades. Feels almost Lovecraftian. Do we see these same trends of ridiculous costs across other philanthropic and "liberal" (you seem to apply more meaning to the word than I) countries? Because as a Canadian I can say that I fear no bankruptcy via health issue, and trust that I will be taken care of if I am in medical need. That's true, it's not flawless, but you certainly aren't getting too much unnecessary medical care! That has scary implications now that Google exists. We have a project manager who asks "are you done, or done done?" The two are very different. I recently traveled to the states from Canada and was amazed at the number of places that didn't even have the infrastructure for chip & pin - I was at a popular tourist spot and it was all iPads & Square Readers. That's a super important clarification. I'm sure a lot of us loved algorithm optimizations and solving fun problems, but for the majority of us programming devolves down to "Modify a CRUD website template for the next 20-35 years". Yeah, that's something that a developer learns better as he gains experience, but as a younger dev I know that I craved complexity for complexities sake, and to prove that I COULD work with complexity. I've since grown out of that. It was the audio jack swipe readers. Apple Pay lets you spend that much money? I think with Google Pay + my bank the limit is $100 / transaction, after which you have to use your card + pin (which, let's be honest, makes sense. Do you partake in any sort of sports? As someone who is avidly into strength training, I can't imagine the damage that does to gaining and maintaining muscle mass, and sabotaging your ability to push hard and perform well in the gym. >It's actually interesting how many people I meet at the gym that from the outside appear very fit and healthy, only to find out they're actually pretty ill, from IBS and other gut issues, thyroid problems, etc. The gym is actually masking many diseases for people because physically they appear healthy. Any idea how that compares to the average population? I'll bet you'll find that the gym population is pretty much the same as the regular population, with the exception of possibly greater cardiovascular health. I just take exception to treating a 40 day fast as some sort of panacea, it seems like it's going to do more harm than good to a lot of people. There's no way the rest of your life won't suffer after a couple of weeks of starvation. You're right, being rich initially isn't a prerequisite of being rich later on, but it certinaly does help. If you were look at percentages of those who came from haves and have nots in a 400 person list, how would that turn out? You listed The trick is that you can't just ask questions as a way to enforce your own will, "Why aren't we using Vault again?", but to genuinely try and understand what's going on. "What's our configuration management strategy?" "What lead to us using X?" Absolutely. Ask questions, all the questions. Just be smart about it. There will be time later to discuss these things, and the company will have reasons. If the reasons are ones you can't live with, get out, but you're not in a position to affect real change at this point. But for me when a junior dev is asking questions, it tells me they are actually invested. Yeah, more of a "Keep pumping even if the brain upstairs talking to me" would probably the answer to that. I doubt it cares much for beer. I wonder if it's a less romantic statistic if you look at neurons in, say, the left butt cheek or something. That's how I know a date is going well, when she's looking up at me with a deliberately neutral expression. Things were more affordable 50 years ago when there was a single parent working, then the precedent shifted to two parents and the cost of living adjusted accordingly. I don't see any reason that that wouldn't happen again in this case - to keep up you'd need to steadily increase the number of workers until you're an ant colony. It absolutely is a natural evolution - the pineal gland in our brain, which regulates the sleep cycle via hormones, responds to blue light as a signal to wake up. We see blue light - it's a sign the sun is up and the sky is lit and it's time to go hunting. According to wikipedia, the moon full moon provides about 0.05–0.1 lux. The sun, even on an overcast sunrise provides 40 lux, and can provide up to 120,000 lux. Even assuming a logarithmic response (as in hearing), that's still a huge difference, so I doubt that it provides enough stimulation to get us to regulate the hormones poorly (though I'm sure the moon did affect our sleep regardless). Yeah, cause I want a subscription service / micro-payments for my cpu as well. That's assuming the poor thing doesn't choose to immediately self terminate.