It was a joke. Some embedded processors lack a cache. I think it depends on who you want to hire. Triplebyte does an excellent job of finding people who would otherwise fall through the cracks. For example, as someone without a traditional software engineering background (physics degree from a good state school and work experience in rocket science), I didn't know many people in the programming industry who could provide referals, and my direct job applications weren't getting through the resume screens. Triplebyte has been really helpful for me there, and got me interviews with companies that care more about problem solving ability and are happy to hire someone like me who will learn on the job. Someone who designed the IR for V8 would no doubt have no trouble directly getting interviews with whatever companies they want, and people look you who screen applicants based on experience shouldn't have much trouble finding such applicants. General problem-solving / coding ability on the other hand is not quantifiable on an ordinary resume / linkedin, and Triplebyte's system provides a good screen (within the limitations of a few hours of testing) to quantify that. As far as I know, no company uses Triplebyte exclusively. It just provides a backdoor to onsite interviews with several companies (which was really useful for me cause coming from a non-traditional background I wasn't getting any callbacks from my direct applications to selective companies). There isn't really any downside to giving Triplebyte a go, aside from a few hours of your time. I don't understand this. Do you expect to get hired at companies without ever getting interviewed by them? Triplebyte culls out as much of the process as you can realistically expect to be culled i.e. everything before the final onsite interviews. For me personally though the main value was in getting contacted by companies that wouldn't have otherwise contacted me. I would have been willing to go through technical phone screens for those companies if needed, but not having to do so was an extra bonus. >Almost all other fields are capable of trusting third parties to certify competence. Employers in pretty much every other field complain that credentials are close to meaningless. As a result, they heavily emphasize work experience and demonstrable work accomplishments in hiring. This creates a problem for newcomers who have difficulty bootstrapping experience. Software engineering is unique in that you can at least get some idea of a person's ability through a day of interviewing (whiteboard interviews may not be a perfect measure of competence/ability, but they're way better than what is available in most fields), and don't need to use experience or credentials as a gauge of ability (though they use them as screening criteria to sift through the many applications they get, which is where Triplebyte comes in handy). The fact that employers directly assess the skills of job candidates is a benefit, not a drawback, for the field of software engineering. >Triplebyte's value proposition is to be such a trusted third party for software engineering, since universities aren't. If companies don't trust it, and view people who passed Triplebyte with the same "incompetent fraud until proven otherwise" lens they apply to everyone else, then Triplebyte isn't adding value for anyone in the ecosystem. Triplebyte is adding clear value to the ecosystem by finding candidates who would have otherwise fallen through the cracks and never gotten an interview in the first place, and matching them with potential employers. In my case, for example, Triplebyte has provided value to both me and Asana by matching us up together. Because of my nontraditional background, had I applied directly to Asana, my application would likely have never made it past their resume screen, and they would have missed out on a great candidate and I would have missed out on a great opportunity. One of the things they do is data-mining so they can match up candidates with companies where they're likely to perform well onsite (since different companies emphasize different things, Triplebyte can look through data on how their previous candidates have faired and find which companies will value your personal strengths): http://blog.triplebyte.com/triplebyte-engineer-genome-projec... >What they've realized is the way to hire more is to find the good ones that are sitting in the resume review stage of the hiring process, not getting looked at because they don't have stand out credentials. Yup, I was one of those people whose resume kept getting sucked into the review black hole due to lack of stand out credentials. I understand companies are swamped with applications and need some way to screen applicants even before phone interviews, but it was rather frustrating knowing I would do perfectly fine if I only I were given an interview. Triplebyte was an immense help here (just today I accepted an offer from Asana that I got through Triplebyte). I'm really a fan of your philosophy and what you're trying to do to improve tech hiring, and strongly recommend people (especially those without great conventional resumes) to give Triplebyte a go. Have any proof of this? Not true. You can lower the rate of false negatives without raising the rate of false positives using multiple measurements instead of just one, which as I understand it is what Google does for candidates from underrepresented groups. It will be harder if the parts and modules use ad-hoc specifications instead of adhering to some common framework (e.g. 5v or 3.3v power levels, imperial or metric sizing for drive axles, mounting screws, etc.). Took the quiz just over a year ago, and passed the phone interview. I stated my preference to avoid very small / early stage startups, and got interviews at Asana, Apple, and a medium-sized startup. Accepted the Asana offer, where I have been working for a year. I think Triplebyte was really useful for me because I didn't have a CS degree and didn't have any work history directly in tech, so I couldn't get through resume screens via direct applications and didn't really know many people who could refer me. So Triplebyte had high value in getting me actual the actual technical interviews. I'm not sure how valuable it would be for others who don't have trouble with this, but given the minimal time investment (a few hours for phone interview), it's probably worth a shot regardless. Have you considered increasing your pricing, and adding more premium features? As a supporter of client-side encryption in cloud apps, I really want to make sure you have a sustainable business. https://training.kalzumeus.com/newsletters/archive/saas_pric... That describes a ton of populist leaders throughout history though. Sometimes it is more beneficial to raise a mob and usurp power than to stay withing the system. > If Marcus was trying to maximize his ROI on the business investments, he would start with different businesses and more reasonable owners. That doesn't seem true to me. If a company is relatively well run and still struggling, it will likely be much harder to turn around than one that is struggling simply because it is run extremely poorly... What if you like the kind of problems on Leetcode, but are lukewarm towards actual programming? Asking for a friend, of course. I think the million Euros was the cost to clean it up afterwards, I'd say adaptive cruise control is actually better in the sweet-spot. I have a Subaru with adaptive cruise control and find it rather beneficial in freeing up my attention from trying to carefully micromanage the throttle / brake to actually focus on more important things. It has lane-keeping assist, too, but that is more of a backup safety feature than an autonomous feature (and indeed I wouldn't want lane-centering functionality except in really slow traffic jams). The AEB wouldn't trigger on something like this. And it shouldn't, since an actual driver would be turning to follow the road, so there is no reason to do any emergency braking (or even to warn them). Exactly. It's like email for social media. You get free choice of which provider to use, while being able to communicate with all your friends regardless of which provider they use. And if you're technically adept, you can choose to self-host as well. So you're expecting people to make 10-12% in after-inflation returns? I'm curious about your thoughts on https://github.com/denschub/schubio/blob/master/_posts/2018-... and https://github.com/denschub/schubio/blob/master/_posts/2018-... specifically. As someone who is new to both the Diaspora* and ActivityPub protocols, the Diaspora* patterns of publishing messages seem to be much easier for me to reason about particularly for semi-private FB-esque social networks (as opposed to mostly public social networks akin to Twitter or Youtube comments). My reactions echo what is mentioned in those links, but maybe I'm just thinking about it wrong. Or you can design the building to float on the liquified soil. Either way works. Sounds like I should start moving towards ML... The space industry isn't really comparable to the automotive industry. The former has been stagnating on government contracts while the latter has been heavily innovating for many decades due to massive competition and markets. >If your immediate job title doesn’t sound appropriately “tough” then you’re a fool and ignored. And hence why programmers decided to appropriate the word "engineer" for their title... Huh. The low rating confuses me from watching that video. To my not that experienced eye, the main issue seems to be the airbag not expanding sufficiently. The car seems to have done a good job of crumpling to absorb the impact without deforming too much inside the cabin itself. Edit: okay the main issue is described here: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=m5RWnocukG8 The steering wheel gets pushed into the driver's chest. Software big 5 have much better pay and much better work-life balance than accounting big 5. >7 years programming in X? YES, 4 years writing scripts in Y? To be fair, there are a lot of job listings where X hasn't even been around for 7 years. What about them? If they provide a platform that is good for users, users will continue to use them. If not, the users will take their data elsewhere. That's the way it should work. First solar roadways, now this... I'm starting to get rather annoyed with junk science proposals hoovering up funding and attention that could be going to more scientifically sound endeavors. How long will you support the phone with software updates? Even with a massive drop in rents, rents would still more than cover development costs. The limiting factor isn't the cost to construct high density housing units - it's the difficulty of getting permission to build high density housing units. For those of us that need to parallel park sometimes, SUVs are highly preferrable to station wagons. >The truth is... you can't fix congestion. In transportation theory, there's an element called induced demand: if travel time improves in a corridor, then that induces people to take extra trips, often returning it fairly quickly to the same level of congestion. That's not true though. Induced demand does soak up a lot of the increased capacity, but not all of it. Building more capacity does improve congestion (or at least make it less worse than it would have been had you not built more capacity); it's just that the benefit is a fraction of what you would have gotten had there been no increase in road usage. See for example https://www.accessmagazine.org/spring-2003/induced-travel-st... > But there are lesser number of Senior Engineers than Engineers, and lesser number of Principal Engineers than Senior Engineers. What exactly happens? More and more people going into software engineering than in previous generations. >You just have to have the track record that shows that you “deserve” to be paid so much. I take it this means be a programmer with significant experience? It would be great too get a fulfilling job that pays the equivalent of a FAANG salary for junior devs, but I don't see anything like that available to me. I guess that'll be one of the good things of becoming an older programmer... Oh, I didn't mean difficulty of performing the parallel parking (that's straightforward with a modern car with rear camera), but the difficulty of finding a parking spot that fits your car length. Exactly. We need to make zoning and permitting easier, thereby lowering the cost... People can't afford housing where the jobs are, because there isn't enough housing available there. So a large fraction of people end up moving far away and commuting in. That's how traffic happens. If you want to decrease traffic, build more housing where the jobs are. This is why you target high density development close to where the jobs are, and close to public transit stations. What increases traffic more: people living an hour away from work and commuting in because they can't afford living near work, or people living close to work because sufficient high density housing is built near the workplace? If you find Indian culture characterless, that's your problem. Maybe the artists should learn to enjoy the engineering scene. One other big reason: racial diversity. In much of the United States, the community is basically white race / white American culture by default, and people like me naturally end up being somewhat anomalous / outsiders. In some places there is also racism to various extents, but even in the absence of racism, there is just a significant handicap to not being a member of the default group. In contrast, I fit right at home in a cosmopolitan place like Silicon Valley where there isn't really a default culture. Of course, it's basically a global phenomenon that cosmpolitan cities tend to be far more expensive than the cities that more closely reflect the local culture. I mean, we would love to have affordable suburban houses within easy commuting distance of tech jobs in the Bay Area. So it certainly seems like a rather enviable "problem" that families in Seattle are able to move from the urban core to the suburbs... Well, Seattle isn't very strong in that regard either... It's where the Bay Area holds a distinct advantage. That said, Seattle still has a significantly larger fraction of Asians than any Midwestern or Southern city: https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Demographics_of_Asian_American... Note that the proportion of blacks doesn't really contribute to a cosmopolitan city - it just means the city has two dominant native cultures instead of one. Sure it is. What Indians find interesting and full of character is different than the artsy stuff / people doing crazy shit that you find interesting and full of character. Stay-at-home spouse means you don't have to keep yourself fed or keep the house clean, and you have to do less of the ordinary needs as well. The stay-at-home spouse of course doesn't have to work or commute. >I'm just pointing out there are vegetarian dishes I enjoy every bit as much as a fat juicy steak, but not anything created and marketed as a meat substitute. Yup. Not a vegetarian and I feel the same way. VHDL / Verilog is lower level! In all seriousness, the "assembly is high level" argument is ridiculous and robs the "low level" vs "high level" categorization of all meaning. Thank you for doing this. I've always believed that the organizations employing workers in the Bay Area (and generating tax revenue for the state and municipalities) are the best suited for helping ensure that sufficient housing is built to provide affordable housing for their employees and everyone else in the Bay Area. Exactly. In your backyard. Not on top of your home. It's several hundred billion in revenue per year - i.e. about half the Canadian GDP for the FAANG companies. Yeah that's VTA. Not really used by professionals. Will they make electric oil tankers? >\lambda x.\, 6 was also surprisingly difficult for him to guess (though he did get it right eventually). I think he was just stuck on the idea of the function doing something arithmetical to the input, and was having trouble coming up with some sort of arithmetic procedure which would result in 6 no matter what you put in! It simply hadn’t occurred to him that the machine might not care about the input. (Interestingly, many students in my functional programming class this semester were also confused by constant functions when we were learning about the lambda calculus; they really wanted to substitute the input somewhere and were upset/confused by the fact that the bound variable did not occur in the body at all!) Just goes to show, our intuition works on linear types. I think it's more that it doesn't make use of its input. If you aren't using the input, why is the input in its type signature? There isn't an issue with VTA itself (aside from maybe the expectation that it companies would move their offices to locations accessed by VTA rather than vice versa). The South Bay is just really suburban and car-friendly, and the VTA was a failure as a result because most people in the South Bay are happy travelling by car don't need to use the VTA. In contrast, Caltrain is used to travel to SF, which isn't car friendly, so a lot more professionals use it. I wonder whether the bacteria survive in the cow stomachs when the cows are only being fed kelp, and (if they don't, what happens to the cow if it is switched back to a grass diet?). >There are plenty of young software engineers who hear about first-year salaries at Google and expect similar comp packages from startups. (Are they being too greedy? Meh, they're just misinformed or need to take some time to recalibrate their expectations.) If they're choosing between working at a company like Google or that startup, it's not greedy to expect competitive compensation. >Of course, a lot is asked of engineers during crunch time, but that's the same way everywhere in the industry. This is categorically false. Might be true for small startups, but most established companies do not ask a lot of engineers during crunch time. Do a ton of Leetcode (and read up CTCI). Too late for us but hopefully it will make obtaining a home easier for our children! Have you not considered suing them yourselves? >It's safer than alternatives, but now this is all people are associating it with. Unlike for nuclear power, this is currently nowhere near true for self-driving tech. It's the huge matrices where performance matters, and a naive multiplier for that will use memory rather inefficiently. Same for my Ubisoft account last night. I've been using 1password for all my new passwords, but obviously there are still old accounts lying around with overused passwords of mine. Right. Besides, pulse doppler can detect stuff that is stationary relative to the radar anyway. The real issue is false positives from things like soda cans on the road, signs next to the road, etc. Can't have the car randomly braking all the time for such false positives. As a result, they just filter out stationary (relative to the ground) objects, and focus on moving objects (which are assumed to be vehicles) together with lane markings. This is why that one Tesla ran right into a parked fire truck. Interestingly, I've discovered one useful trick with my purely camera-based car (Subary equipped with Eyesight): if there is a stationary or almost stationary vehicle up ahead that it wasn't previously following, it won't detect it and will consider it a false positive (as it should, so it doesn't brake for things like adjacent parked cars), but if I tap the brake to disengage adaptive cruise control and then turn the adaptive cruise control back on, it will lock on to the stopped car up ahead. It will probably be catching up to the Audi A8's traffic jam pilot. I.e. full self driving under certain limited situations. Mazda announced in 2012 that it was going to introduce the Mazda 6 diesel in the US, but kept delaying due to having trouble getting it to meet US and California emissions standards. It has only now figured out a way to meet emissions standards without overly compromising performance, and is releasing a diesel vehicle in the US (the CX-5) now, after a 6 year wait. That's not what the numbers there are saying though. They're saying that over half of scientists have failed to replicate a single study (either their own or someone else's). It says nothing about the replicability of most studies. Obviously, that's mathematically equivalent... >There are only 200 slots available per year for digital technology, but the dirty secret is the 70% acceptance rate. Something tells me that this year the acceptance rate is going to be much lower... I don't think that is a contradiction. It means that there are some situations (probably traffic jams) where the car can fully drive itself, instead of merely assisting you as you drive the car. >The company broke promises more than once, she said, adding that she was not reimbursed for mileage, as promised Isn't this a good example of something that merits an NLRB complaint? Thankfully, most non-compete agreements are not valid under California law, so we actually have a free market for labor. Yup, I love eyesight, but wouldn't really much extra features beyond what it currently supports, as that would be too autonomous and removing me from constantly driving the car. I actually find myself being a significantly better driver with the adaptive cruise control because I can focus my attention on steering and what is happening to traffic down the road instead of being constantly focused on matching the speed of the car right in front of me. It also prevents me from getting frustrated when someone is driving like a snail in the left lane... They will in today's job market (which isn't typical). Hiring for unskilled labor is incredibly tight. Everything you searched for. Every place you've been (along with the times of each). Every tutorial video you watched. And for most people, every email correspondence you've ever done. Add in google drive and google docs / calc, and it has far more insites into your life than FB. I don't see how FB would have access to Gmail accounts... It's not even "most people" that are outraged with Facebook though. It's the media. The same media which is financially threatened by the democratization of news and information (fake or otherwise) through social networks, and by recent moves that FB made to deprioritize news feeds in favor of social content. Oh, yeah apparently you can import contacts from your email to find friends. I never noticed that. Not in locations with substantial street lighting. It's usually in an unlit road that you get the danger (especially if you aren't using high beams due to an oncoming car). This is a cage: https://www.google.com/search?q=cage What the photograph in The Atlantic shows is a large room, not a cage. >For some values of 'human' e.g. alert, sober. Which is sadly, a minority? I think the vast majority of human drivers are alert and sober. It's the long tail of drunk / aggressive / distracted drivers that causes crashes. >Its arguable that self-driving cars are better already. What we need to do is, secure the roads so they won't get confused (fence them & remove pedestrians/bikes). I know, we can't do that everywhere but we could do it for long-haul etc. Like freeways already do. I mean as a human driver, I obviously love limited access roads (and human drivers perform very well on limited access roads). We won't have more of those though - the cultural paradigm for urban planning is one of tearing down freeways, adding bike-lanes, and ensuring pedestrian friendliness for maximum walkability. You think if people didn't have cars, SF Bay Area communities would build enough housing to support their job growth? Native speaker here. You're correct. "Sunsetting" is when the creator slowly phases out manufacturing / support for a product, so FB would need to be the one sunsetting React Native. AirBnB should say they're "transitioning away from" React Native. > I handed those mails to him and looked up what happened, and helped the guy arrange a very rapid transfer outside of the country he was working in. What country was this, out of curiosity? Small local businesses / startups get squeezed out by larger brands with name recognition. No one looks for stuff in the yellow pages anymore - they go to the most successful brand off the internet. Additionally, the risks of starting a business / startup are much higher when the cost of housing and healthcare is so much higher. And on top of that you have student debt. The economy has seen substantial wage growth at the low end. The local McDonald's was advertising pay of $13-$17 an hour - significantly above minimum wage. Not to mention put an apostrophe after "brokers". Took me a minute to parse that title. Brand new apartments actually often offer low rents to fill all the vacancies. E.g. the artsy new apartment in the Dogpatch was going for well under 3k for studios. Even assuming you pony up that much for a fancy apartment in a safe part of town, you should still be able to save substantial amounts of money on a $160k salary. Borrowing the variable examples from another comment, do you believe that the former is easier to understand for someone who knows English grammar than the latter? (I'm using Python syntax since we're going for English-like readability and added parantheses to the boolean operation to indicate order of operations for the liberal arts major that we've decided is the target audience of this code): if isAdmin: return false if not isActive: return false return true vs return (not isAdmin) and isActive Curious why you got burned with IRC client UX given the multitude of clients available for it. How many "better designed" dynamic languages are there even out there? Julia is one such language and is substantially faster than V8, at least for idiomatic code. The problem is that most dynamic languages (like JS) are never designed with speed and efficiency in mind. JS just happens to be the fastest of that bunch (other than Lua) because browser makers have invested substantial effort into making it fast - far more than anyone has put into other dynamic languages. Well, there are some use-cases where Julia is actually faster than compiled code due to being able to compile dynamically generated code on the fly (see https://discourse.julialang.org/t/julia-vs-fortran-complaint... ) But yes, in general the same lack of static guarantees that makes dynamic languages slow also makes code in dynamic languages hard to maintain. I think a lot of programmers tinker with code in dynamic languages and end up liking them as a result, but don't realize the difficulty of working in such a language in a much more complex codebase. Plenty are trying to buy houses - they're just limited by how few people are selling houses... >If you use someone else's DNS, your ISP could still block network packets sent to certain IP addresses, but they wouldn't want to block all AWS IP addresses just to block one site on AWS. Well, that's sort of what Russia did to try to ban Telegram... They would just need to pay a fee to the copyright owner for the violations, not replace all the existing hardware. And the police will confiscate it for their own use if they find you with a lot of it. Why would you have to remember that to solve it? This is the kind of thing I definitely wouldn't already know, but should be able to reason through.