That site has 30 million (base 27) digits of Pi. I used a dump of the first 5 trillion digits, and am now submitting prior art to all software patent trolls. I still use a typewriter. It's quicker to just bang out an address on an envelope than it is to load the sticky labels into the printer, open the word processor, type the address, then print it. but this does seem expensive. Like Boeing engineers sign off their own work when they're building aircraft. The test problem is well known in electronics manufacturing. When ISO900x and TQM etc is done right test & inspection are useful. No-one serious minds that a business complies with correctly formed legal requests. (And it's tricky for people in the UK facing the might of US law.) What's annoying is the disconnect between saying "We help you avoid censorship" and "we comply with correctly formed law enforcement documents". It's a bit like Hushmail. Compare their new advice to customers about how Hushmail will comply with law enforcement; to the point of creating new malicious Java software and pushing that out secretly to the 'target' / 'victim' to compromise their communication. Hushmail states all this clearly, allowing new customers to make an informed choice. > and that ultimately, we just want to give people ads that they don't hate (for some reason this is called "selling data to advertisers"). As an aside: I'm happy with ad supported stuff. I never run any ad-blocking extensions or hide my data. But still many ads are lousy. Any chance of a HN karma style thing to vote up / down ads? ("I hate this ad, it makes me want to leave the page -1", vs "I don't hate this ad, whether I click it or not +/- 0" vs "I like this ad whether or not I click it +1") And I always like websites that allow paying members to turn off ads. Clown.zip listed here? ( http://cd.textfiles.com/powerpakgold/FILES_RA/FILES.2 ) and downloady here? ( http://cd.textfiles.com/powerpakgold/ANIMAT/ ) Michael Gove is the one who talks about "Newton's laws of thermodynamics", so what did the OP expect? ( http://www.guardian.co.uk/education/2011/jun/18/michael-gove... ) People here will know more than most the strong history of computing that Britain has. Significant contributions to many areas of computing have come from Britain. Just computer games in the UK is a huge industry. The OP thought that there is a lack of programming experienced by young people. Other people agree; see Raspberry Pi project for an example. IT in English schools is pretty poor, there's some simplistic "How to use a word processor, how to use a spreadsheet" but nothing in depth. Skills used in programming overlap many other areas of learning. Gather information; reduce the problem; attack each part; plan it out; step it through; iterate. The UK has some scarily poor implementations of big IT projects. Hugely late, over budget, broken - and those are the ones that make it to completion. (Although I welcome any information about the good systems.) We as a nation desperately need people who can program. Not just regular web / app / desktop programming, but also low quantity high quality machine shop style CNC / Pick and Place / etc manufacturing. The fact that the department gave a useless reply is no surprise, but is disappointing. Bing tv adverts suggested that Google wasn't providing user friendly search results. So maybe there is some huddle of people who just can't cope with Google? Was pyrex a company name? Pyrex == latin pyro + rex == fire king. The article needs some graphs, or some other visualisations. Version control for schematics is cool. I don't really get what they're saying with "visual diffs". Normal practice is to have a side-bar with a list of differences between versions. That makes it pretty clear what was added or removed. Using colours kind of fails because (for just a two sided PCB) you have two copper sides, one (maybe two) component sides, and these already use a bunch of different colour. Whatever you do with "visual diffs" needs to work in monochrome - you have people working with traditional blueprints, or with mono printers. Heck, you still (in the 21st century!) have people using fax machines. This all sounds really negative, but it isn't. It's a great idea, I just hope they can make it work. But re-inventing things that already exist is also sub-optimal. Why create a font, why not use an existing standard? Also, having a list of the icons together with their labels made it easy for me to know what they meant. Some of those icons would be baffling to me if they didn't have a label. I could be convinced that extra visual clutter is a good thing, but some designer is going to have to give a nice example. I don't want to be the "Let's make an open source version; it'd only take a weekend" guy, but why doesn't someone else do a good social bookmark site? What's stopping someone from providing the features that are missing in new delicious? Also, "stem to stem" should be "stem to stern" - I don't know why stuff like that bothers me so much, but it does. The promoted comments are usually worth reading. The first few times I saw them I made the mistake of trying to read the rest. They were still awful. Adam Buxton and Bug ( http://www.bugvideos.co.uk/ ) have a great thing where he reads YouTube videos. ( http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=gx-WBaSNrTQ ) I'm a bit confused. The architecture is just abstracted away. Why does a programmer care if it's optical or DNA or whatever? See, for a less extreme example, the tools that people use to develop for a single x86 vs CUDA vs massive clusters vs huge FPGA clusters vs ARM vs etc etc. I honestly think that revolutionary architecture will just lead to some new libraries and dev tools which get kludged onto existing dev systems. But I welcome more information because I know I could be horribly wrong. Helping your customers understand what they actually want to buy is part of selling, surely? Things are made trickier by PHBs in the client company claiming that everything is mission critical and that they can never ever have any downtime ever for any reason. Educating these people about, for example, just how flaky email and dns can be is important for your sanity. See, for example, these couple of posts from a Microsoft public newsgroup ten years ago: ( https://groups.google.com/group/microsoft.public.backoffice.... ) ( https://groups.google.com/group/microsoft.public.backoffice.... ) Some customers are clueless, but at least they care about the data. IE on mac was created by a different team, and was very different form IE on Windows. It was a popular browser. I have still to find anyone who actually used any of the IEs that MS released for Unix. This is a staggering statistic: "By 1830, the film informs us, the average American male over the age of 15 was consuming the equivalent of 88 bottles of whiskey a year." That makes prohibition a lot more understandable. Not acceptable! Just easier to understand why desperate people thought desperate measures were needed. As a bit of noodling: ( http://www.wolframalpha.com/input/?i=population+of+US+in+183... ) the US had about 12 million people in 1830. Life expectancy is here: ( http://www.wolframalpha.com/input/?i=life+expectancy+in+US+i... ) If we say that 3 million people were drinking 50 bottles of whiskey each per year that's 150 million bottles. If each bottle is half a litre that's 75 million litres. It takes about 100 kg grain to make about 80 litres. 75m / 80 * 100 == 93,750,000 kg grain. That's about 90,000 imperial tons of grain. It takes about 250 labour-hours to produce 100 bushels of wheat. ( http://www.agclassroom.org/gan/timeline/farm_tech.htm ) That's, uh, my conversions are failing now. ( http://www.interstock.ru/0obuch/conversion.pdf ) okay, I give up. I was trying to see roughly how many people and acres it would take to fuel an 1830 population of 15 year olds at 50 bottles a week. The gigabytes of wiki meta stuff will be fascinating for the future people. "Ghod almighty," they will say, "look at the hours and hours they spent talking about absolute nonsense!". Personally I'd put particle physics (esp LHC) in the list in place of wikipedia. Lists of fictional ducks and every Essex bus timetable for the last three years isn't that inspiring to me. I love to see this level of investigation. It's a great shame that there's not really any programme of funding or support to encourage hacking like this. Hopefully people will dig around in cupboards / attics / basements to find more hardware. I usually find that ( http://meatballwiki.org/wiki/ ) has already talked about anything to do with online communities, and has probably covered it better. This post is brutal. _Sorry_ in advance. Feel free to ignore it. (But I suggest, in a friendly way, that you read the link provided at the end.) >you it’s wears. Possessive its has no apostrophe. And that should be "wares", not "wears". This next sentence is where I stopped reading. >Procedures and doing things in the right and expected order, is in my opinion, is paramount to making work easier for everyone, so I’ll also be addressing that issue. Repeated "is" and oddly placed commas meant I couldn't remember what you were trying to say. I know that these are tiny little things. And maybe I should concentrate on the meaning of your piece. But those errors broke my concentration; they got in the way. Sorry. The Underground Grammarian expresses it better than I can, in "Trifles" (chapter 6 of "Less Than Words Can Say"). http://www.sourcetext.com/grammarian/less-than-words-can-say... http://www.sourcetext.com/grammarian/ ...and I know my writing, spelling, punctuation and grammar are all lousy. But I'm not making money off writing. Calibre does not like PDF. It sometimes works, but the Calibre team recommend using against using PDF anywhere in the workflow. Calibre also comes bundled with a bunch of command line tools which, in my opinion, are much nicer than Calibre itself. About the un-clickable program name in the menu bar. I agree that it'd be nice, like OS X, to have that as a menu. OS X, or probably Apple, forces control over what items go into different menus. Linux is a lot more free. So, a "preferences" menu item could go in 'file' or 'edit' or 'view' or 'tools'; or maybe only some of the preferences are there and the rest are in a config file. It took me some getting used to. It's a problem when the ad requires three years of Javascript, two years of embedded C, two years of C++, two years of Python, two years of Ruby, and five years of HTML and CSS, and yet is only offering college-leaver pay. > Learning any other language is largely a pursuit of fancy What happens if you want to sell to, or buy from, some other country? Is business squeezed into the bit that isn't "largely a ..."? I'm English. I speak no other languages, and it's something I'm a bit embarrassed by. Curtas get mentioned a lot because they occur in a couple of William Gibson books. But there are other nice bits of mechanical technology. I used to work for a bus ticket machine company. The mechanical devices were amazing pieces. Really intricate and packed. I didn't work on those. I worked on "TIMtronic" (Ticket Issuing Machine electronic). http://www.ticketmachinewebsite.com/apps/photos/album?albumi... But see also Samuel Morland's adder, a device from 1680. Yes, I agree. My post was worded very poorly. Thank you for the corrections! I didn't realise that Apple didn't force the HIG. I do enjoy the care and thoughtful interface decisions. >We’re developing ads that provide richer information to you because we believe that search ads should be both beautiful and informative, and as useful to you as an answer. Google has started silently substituting words or dropping words from queries. See, for example, my stack exchange question: http://webapps.stackexchange.com/q/19465/13791 I'm not sure I want ads that do the same. Eye testing can pick up a bunch of stuff early, so regular eye tests (especially when you get older) are important. Don't forget that in England your employer makes a contribution to the cost of eye-tests and glasses if you're a monitor user. ( http://www.direct.gov.uk/en/Employment/HealthAndSafetyAtWork... ) Plenty of pages that get linked to from HN are pretty bad for readability - awful contrast or weird font choices. User side CSS is nice, but it's a shame to have to fix so many sites. Also, analgesics can cause "rebound headache" - you have a headache, you take pain relief for a few days, the headache stops, and you stop taking the pain killer. Then you get a rebound headache. This especially happens with ibuprofen. ( http://www.helpforpain.com/arch2000aug.htm ) That site says rebound headache are the most common cause of pain referral to doctors, which is a surprise to me. I would have thought back pain was. English government gives the impression of being scientifically and mathematically illiterate. ( http://www.guardian.co.uk/education/2011/jun/18/michael-gove... ) - the minister for education saying { "What [students] need is a rooting in the basic scientific principles, Newton's laws of thermodynamics and Boyle's law."} I doubt this open letter will make any difference. Or even be understood. I predict some politician will be using nursing, or primary schools, in an example of where money needs to be spent and as a justification for cuts, even though the letter says this is not about cuts. Link to the EPSRC: ( http://www.epsrc.ac.uk/Pages/default.aspx ) I'm not a businessman, but if I was trying to sell something I would want to reduce the work my customers have to do. I don't want to give them the choice of "The guy who doesn't speak $LANGUAGE" vs "Let's go with this guy who made an effort". (Let's not forget that customers are not always rational.) Politician's blog: ( http://www.siegfriedkauder.de/ ) Copied photo: ( http://www.vogtsbauernhof.org/content/view/full/213 ) Pretty clumsy move, especially for a lawyer, especially for a lawyer who claims to want to protect copyright. He's not jsut kept the image in his private collection, but is serving it to whoever many people visit his site. I have no idea about Germany, but in England it's the sharing with other people that becomes a problem. dBaseII - sales people don't want $SOFTWAREv1.05, they want The New Version. They can then sell that upgrade, and the extra features. PHBs get caught up in that. Kaizen and iteration doesn't feel exciting; you don't have a release buzz. Someone needs to set up a Patent Troll company and patent a bunch of processes for political methods / action / campaigning / etc. Then start trolling politicians. In the UK, where people get cheap meds (80% of people taking meds don't pay for them) the rate of non-compliance with meds is staggering. The medication budget is something like £9billion per year, and estimates suggest that half of that is wasted because people don't take the meds correctly (or at all). And this is not because the meds are cheap or the illness is trivial. Rates of non compliance are similar in the US, and for people who will die without meds. Many organ transplants fail because of medication non-compliance. The history is important, and I'm really pleased they got some money. They still need a bit more. And really, in the scheme of things, a couple of million is not much for such an important site. I am worried about them being able to get it, especially at the moment. It's a bit depressing that programming and that kind of thinking is neglected in the curriculum. Except, it's not misaimed fandom. People seem to genuinely agree with him about how stupid some aspects of modern gaming are. Having cowclick is a way of saying you agree. A clicky plusone. That's fair enough; KDE and Gnome had problems with security with their screen savers. Gnome's reimplementation of Jamie Zawinski's xscreensaver had a bunch of security bugs. And screensavers are hardly The Killer App. I do, however, agree that it's annoying when an upgrade kills functionality. ( http://www.usenix.org/events/usenix2000/general/pikelex.html ) >Symbolic links make the Unix file system non-hierarchical, resulting in multiple valid path names for a given file. This ambiguity is a source of confusion, especially since some shells work overtime to present a consistent view from programs such as pwd, while other programs and the kernel itself do nothing about the problem. etc etc. filesystems are a mess, and it'd be great if something could fix them. ...but people also spend real money to buy (ugly) ProgressQuest real-world items. I'm pretty sure if PQ introduced some stupid free-to-play/pay-to-get-juicy-upgrades thing that they'd get a bit of cash. I'm not technical, but even I can appreciate some of the very many layers beneath my web-browsing. But, taking me typing into this text-box on HN as an example: What would the Unix way be? (If every tool does one thing and does it well, with text as input and output, and pipes to join it all together.) Would I really have an unholy long command-line of a bunch of tools piped together (but accessed by clicking an icon)? Assuming for a moment that they're right: What's the alternative? OS/2 had nice features; it got crushed. BeOS had some nice features; it got crushed. (Yes, I'm aware that they're probably still around in some OSS version.) Plan9 keeps being mentioned, but do regular users understand it? (Is there a "this is why we do things, and this is why that's good" written for people who haven't written their own compiler?) Are people working on experimental new OSs to "fix problems" in existing systems, or have we gone way past the point of no return? Is there any work on new microprocessor architecture? How much stuff in my modern OS is there because of legacy 8086 stuff? I think, but I'm not sure, that the length of time it's taken people to get (for one example) IPv6 rolled out shows that change is not likely. Plan9 LiveCD and installer: ( http://cm.bell-labs.com/plan9/download.html ) Haiku: ( http://haiku-os.org/ ) You can have a great high resolution grey scale monitor, as used in hospitals to view x-rays and other imaging data, but they cost something like $6,000USD. I'm guessing you could hack them to work well with text. You'd lose color syntax highlighting. Here's just one example, but there are loads more: ( http://www.pnwx.com/Equipment/Digital/Displays/Barco/Nio/ ) Blame stupid consumers for buying really poor quality monitors based almost only on price - forcing manufacturers to supply inferior product. Programmers do it on paper in pseudo-code and Jackson Structured Programming charts while coders convert that into a program? (The programmer and coder might be the same person.) Verified by visa is hideous security theatre. I have no idea why banks fail so hard at security. They're actively targeted by criminal gangs; they stand to lose money if they get it wrong; they have money and expertise to get it right. Yet they all suck. Swatch beats were pre-Y2K! It's kind of a shame they went nowhere. Something like Swatch beats would be useful. See, for example, Stack Exchange "days" - I have no idea when they start or finish in my time-zone. It's not outrage at Stallman's comments, but asking whether someone who is horrendously, gratuitously crass, offensive and insensitive of people's emotions should be "cheerleading" free software. See also RMS's disappointment at the developer busy with a new child - start here ( http://thread.gmane.org/gmane.emacs.devel/36137 ) His inability to understand people is distracting from the aims of FSF. >Actually, I think this may be an issue with your monitor. Could you take a screen grab and email me a bitmap if you get a moment? I just want to check there isn’t a colour rendering error What? How does that work? Also, other people see bugs and faces: I see goatse. :-( In WAVE, the A is higher than the W and V. Is that supposed to happen? (MacBook Pro, OSX Snow Leopard) I think you're under-estimating RMS's extremism about 'freeness'. RMS would say that you booted your machine with an evil closed EFI / BIOS; that there's a bunch of evil non-free drivers; that there's a bunch of evil non-free gui stuff, etc etc. Chrome was not, to RMS, a valid solution. Note his approach to "browsing the www" - ( http://lwn.net/Articles/262570/ ) >To look at page I send mail to a demon which runs wget and mails the page back to me. RMS would say that there is still plenty of work to do to work toward 'free' software. (Mobile phones is something he's keen to open up.) Any explanation for downvote? 1) How does a screen grab help diagnose broken monitor? 2) Three blobs on left and three blobs on right are hands, you know the rest. Totally Goatse. I like ( http://750words.com/ ) That wasn't the first time RMS had said something like that, but to say it to a fellow dev, when you're asking that person to fix someone else's bug, seems particularly unaware. For sure, Asperger's or Autism explains it, but doesn't make it much easier to deal with. So long as Amazon never include a touch-screen I'll be happy. Sony's decision to have a shiny touch screen, that got grubby, on a device used mostly for reading, was baffling. UK (at least, England, I have no idea what Wales or Scotland do) "Learning disability" is related to IQ. Autism and Asperger's syndrome do sometimes lead to a "Special Educational Need" (SEN). This isn't just language; there's some access to medical services stuff involved. >If you think Steve's products hamper your freedom Try and explain how to boot a MacBookPro from USB stick to someone, and compare that to booting almost any other computer. Or explain how to dual boot a Mac with OSX and Linux, vs anything else with Windows and Linux. Holding down option while booting does not work for USB media on MacBook Pro. (But sure, this will work for optical media.) You've just managed to give the wrong information to someone, and call them stupid at the same time. Sure, there are a lot of important benefits to having firm design choices made by someone, rather than just not ever making the decision and cramming a million options into a multi-tab options dialog (or a config file). I own (and use every day) a mac. I've recommend mac to everyone I know, fo rthe reasons you mention. But you can't have it both ways - not having those options available means you're not as free to use your machine as you are with other OSs. Trivial eg: OS X windowing behaves a certain way. You want to maximise a window? You can't, unless you know some secret trick. You want to tile windows? You can't, unless you install some 3rd party software. These aren't power-user functions. Did you read the page you posted? The external USB device:- >Contains an installation of Mac OS X 10.4.5 or later, or Mac OS X 10.5 or later, which is compatible with (or shipped with) the Mac that the USB device is connected to. That's not Linux. Linux will not work with that method. Don't take my word for it; try it yourself, or ask Apple, or have a quick search of the "support" communities. See, for an example, this question on stack exchange: ( http://superuser.com/q/27794/93703 ) Here are some people having trouble, and not getting much help (but lousy "support" is common to many distributions) - ( https://discussions.apple.com/thread/1266303?start=0&tst... ) ( https://discussions.apple.com/thread/2579995?start=0&tst... ) ( https://discussions.apple.com/thread/1723157?start=0&tst... ) You've still failed to understand the problem, and to provide a working fix. >What Apple's products tend to do is trade one kind of freedom for another. They don't eliminate or reduce freedom, they transform the essential nature of it. No. Apple's design choices remove freedom. It would be easy for Apple keep their software as it is, but also include text config files. I agree with you that "sane defaults" are something that Apple does really well, and I agree with you that it's great for many users. But not having the option to change some behaviours; having that option locked out, has removed some freedom from some users. I love this! I really like the fact that (as others have mentioned) they are text friendly. I've added one to my custom CSS for HN. (and a teeny-tiny comment if they're reading this: possessive its has no apostrophe. (See description for Stucco.)) Bigger houses with more people per house - better support to look after old people at home or keep young people there while they study. Better flats - much better noise insulation, with energy efficiency and better local infrastructure (especially local transport), so singletons use space efficiently. A nice idea, but I'm not convinced. I'd be interested to see an excerpt that taught an actual programming concept. See also "The Number Demon" (Or devil - ( http://www.amazon.co.uk/Number-Devil-Mathematical-Adventure/... ) which could have been brilliant but has a few problems. Still, good luck! Anything that helps teach programming thinking is probably a good thing. You're right! I missed out 'linux' from "boot from USB". Sorry, I should have included that. Still, the point stands; booting Linux from USB is hard and not clearly documented anywhere and is tricky to explain to people. Maybe that's as designed, but there are so many of these design decisions that lock down the system to whatever Apple wants. And that jars with the "Think Different" sloganeering. Just my personal opinion: I didn't like the way that names of people and theories were changed to other stuff; and it can feel a bit repetitive with the dialogue. I'm not saying the book is awful, and I know other people will think it's good. People in the UK will move house to get into the catchment area of a good (free) school. Not just secondary school (ages 11 to 16) but for primary schools too (ages 5 to 10). That's an investment of hundreds of thousands of pounds for something which (at primary school ages) doesn't appear to have much of an evidence base. I haven't heard anyone saying "It's Harvard or the gutter", but they're similar. I'm just lazy, that's why I didn't anglicise. I would think that Harvard is as well known as Oxbridge. I'm not sure about the other Ivy League colleges. Yes. I would definitely pay Google for some features. (I'd really like an option to "de-bubble" me; I'd really like an option to go back to 2004 style searching; etc.) Facebook's reach is pretty scary / annoying. I'd gladly pay them to have some of the functionality but with better privacy options. I'd always consider paying a site to not show adverts. I'd much rather pay a news-site for quality reporting than have to put up with link-bait trolling and ads and [1][2][3] pages of chopped up articles. I have nothing to do with this. I saw it and thought that some on HN might enjoy it. Holy crap that hurt my eyes. Seriously, I'm going to start asking about client-side CSS soon. The early Hubble images were fixed, maybe there's something around for those? ( http://adsabs.harvard.edu/full/1992ASPC...25..226K ) What an awful URL. Meatball wiki is crucial reading for people wanting to learn about online communities. ( http://meatballwiki.org/wiki/ ) ...why not just use the Stack Exchange "Code Golf" website? ( http://codegolf.stackexchange.com/ ) Won't we just end up with "I do not want X [*]" vs "I do want X [ ]"? Having seen how the UK implemented data protection stuff I'm not keen on seeing the mess they'll make of this. Current best practice is un-checked boxes asking if the user wants more information. Current common practice is to check all those boxes and let the user notice any that need un-checking. A bit frustrating. Also, the distance selling regulations are already pretty fierce in the UK. I'm glad I don't sell a physical product. I'd be really interested to hear from anyone who does about any problems they've had. No. If you rely on a lot of storage it pays to have really smart people building the hardware and software, and maintaining it, with service agreements in place. If 100 TB was as easy as buying a bunch of discs and slapping NASlite or FreeNAS on them then everyone would be doing it. ( http://judaism.stackexchange.com/q/7275/824 ) ( http://judaism.stackexchange.com/q/83/824 ) ( http://judaism.stackexchange.com/q/9341/824 ) etc. Not sure why that's controversial? Diceware ( http://world.std.com/~reinhold/diceware.html ) is one version. It should be easy enough to automate, if you can get enough randomness to pick each word. Not sure about "healthy", but "totally normal" or "completely acceptable" instead fit. Also, responds really well to self-guided treatment like cognitive behaviour therapy. >We don't have a policy on how to accommodate deaf or sight impaired customers, This is not legal in the UK under disability discrimination laws; I'm surprised it's not the same in other countries. As well as being not legal it's a pretty shoddy way to treat potential customers. >This request has moved me to action. Cool! I'd be really interested to read how it goes; if you have problems; if you get any customer feedback. Phone calls make sure I waste my time trying to get your attention via low-paid level one staff who have minimal training and who possibly hate me and all other customers; until I give up navigating your awful phone-menu system and getting misunderstood by aforementioned staff and being put on hold for hours www.edfenergy.com/products-services/for.../priority_services.pdf >If you have a textphone, please call our Minicom Line free on 0800 096 2929 I agree that email (as well as phone) is a better solution. The writing in The Economist is awesome; many magazines would struggle to convey programming, compiling, and machine code to a general audience. Have a browse through alt.sysadmin.recovery I'm really keen to read parts 2,3,4,5, and 6. I know someone working for Chegg and they love it there. A device for electronic-hacking that allows me to use screens removed from Nintendo DS or Playstation Portable or some smart phones (probably iPhone because of ease of getting them) over USB. A bit like ( http://www.thinkgeek.com/computing/usb-gadgets/bfa3/ ) but not insanely expensive. There are very many dead laptops with working displays. Something that allows people to use those as a secondary display (even though they're going to have to work to rip out the display and stick it into a case / bezel) would be good. No, but it doesn't cost me money to send an email. I'm in the UK. We tend to have to pay to call companies. Where a company has a "freephone" number that's only free from landlines (and possibly a small number of mobile tariffs) - anyone calling from a mobile will have to pay lots. The combination of poor customer service, and not getting the problem resolved, and having to pay for it, is horrible. I'm very pleased for Duck Duck Go. Lots of things about Google are frustrating, and it's great to have an alternative. They're not quite there, but I hope they manage it soon. Imagine you have a troll providing lots of noise but little signal. You just ban them, and give them a notice saying "You're banned". What do you think they're going to do? They just change IP, register again, and carry on. Now imagine that you hellban them. Or just start introducing errors and delays into their posting. What do you think they do? They carry on trolling, but no-one else is disturbed by it. It's particularly annoying when Google substitutes words without telling you. Or when they silently drop words and you only realise when a ctrl-F through the web-page says nothing found. Weirdly, I want a time filter, but to block recent results and promote results older than X years. I can think of the example, but there was something with few results for (about) 12 years ago (and those were the ones I wanted) but millions for this year. (And I didn't want those.) I go to "goodies" and "zero click info sources". I see this line:- Language SE - quint in quintessential So I clicky the link, but it appears to have nothing to do with Stack Exchange. Some of the others work - Numote Big Bang Schedule has a nice box at top of the search results. ALSO: Do you have a printable cheat sheet for all the bang syntax and extras? A4, mono, please! You used to be able to group search terms using () on Google. It appears that you can't do that any longer. Google will sometimes substitute words for you, and say "did you mean X?". That's gently frustrating; I'm sure it's great for most people but not for me. Worse, sometimes google will sub words and say "Search for X instead of Y". Sometimes, and this is what really bugs me, is you'll include three or four words in the search term, and Google will silently drop one. I only find out when I open the URL, and having wasted a few minutes noodling around the document, I try to find my word using a ctrl F and I discover it's not there. Here's an example (that appears to work now): (I'm fully aware that maybe I'm doing it wrong, and I welcome advice about best current practice for Google searching. (For example, did Google ever group words in brackets? When did they stop doing that?)) +("os x" OR "osx") +temperature +(console OR "command line") I expected this to return URLs that: 1) MUST CONTAIN either "os x" or "osx" and 2) MUST CONTAIN either "console" or "command line" and 3) MUST CONTAIN the word "temperature". When I was trying it the first page of results did not contain the word temperature - obviously very annoying.