How can anyone take the author's word on whether or not to put a full stop at the end of something when he puts a full stop at the end of the bullet points in his list? That's far worse usage than anything he's doing in the title/summary/smart synopsis. https://www.oxforddictionaries.com/words/bullet-points "And resulted into this" is a full sentence now? I guess. It's not really English though. The whole thing is serious bikeshedding in my opinion. I used to work on the algo-trading desk of a big brokerage firm (so writing trading algorithms that execute other people's orders for them), and I have to say almost always if someone sends a market order, it would be safer for them if they sent the same thing as an aggressive IOC ("Immediate or Cancel") limit order. The IOC flag gives similar semantics to a market order (in that no portion of your order is going to stay on the book if it's unfilled), but you are guaranteed to execute no worse than the limit you have set. This is clearly way better in situations where the market has big dislocations. Yes, completely agree. And in fact for my own trading I don't use stops because they introduce downside that isn't there in many other situations. On the quant trading analyses that I have done, adding stops frequently makes performance strictly worse while not helping that much when things get really extremely bad, because of course there is no guarantee of liquidity at your stop level if the market is dropping like a stone. So I've seen things like having a trigger in an order manager that at a certain price will place an aggressive IOC limit order to unwind something. In normal conditions that will behave exactly like an at-market stop loss order, except that in the case of really extreme disruption you won't get filled before your limit. So the hope is in those cases the market will bounce. You don't want to get unwound at any cost on your stop if the market is going to rapidly recover afterwards. It also means there's no information leakage if you're worried about your broker taking advantage of the information in your stop (paranoid, but yes...). As you've said, there's no panacea. Totally agree. It's fair to realise that there are consequences to deviation from standards, but (like many people) I don't consider the fact that IETF makes something a standard to be a binding requirment on me to do something on my boxes. For one thing, the standard was built for an extremely different internet than the one we have today. Hang on, if I'm going to be a real pedant, that section says that the host must implement an echo server that can reply to ICMP echo requests, it doesn't say that the host must reply to those requests. By that standard, OsX is compliant because it has the server. You don't have to enable the response. Ships' engines are amazing, but heavy fuel oil is really really gross stuff. It's basically all the bits of the barrel that are left after distillation. Ie what they've dug out of the ground but can't sell off for more money as aviation fuel, gasoline, diesel etc. Therefore it has really high sulphur content and very long/complex hydrocarbon chains that burn much less efficiently than gasoline or diesel. Louis Andriessen is also synesthetic (?sp). | In the scheme of things skipping a video won't kill a company. Skipping the video is not in itself what could potentially kill the company. However if clients are able to claim that their insurance was mis-sold by Zenefits, it seems to me that could. Mis-selling of payment protection insurance in the UK has already resulted in settlements north of 5 billion GBP, and the issue is not fully resolved yet. I do a lot of public speaking, presenting and demoing to audiences of various sizes, and am considered (by at least some people) quite good at this stuff. My advice would be just stop and think when you need to. It's completely fine and you will convey the impression that you are a serious and thoughtful individual, which is good. You can show that you were listening and are about to respond entirely through your body language. If you feel uncomfortable with that, there are a bunch of simple tricks you can use here and saying "umm..." is not a good one. One easy thing is to always ensure you have a glass/bottle of water. If someone asks a tough question and you need time to think, wait until they have finished their question, then take a drink of water. No-one thinks this is even slightly strange and it gives you time to think and make a considered answer. I used to work in finance, and there is a bunch of obscure terminology and conventions, adopted from different cultures (eg you can trade a "Lakh" of silver). See how the currency sign for GBP looks like a capital L? and the currency sign for shillings and pence was "s" and "d"? (now the uk use "p" for pence since decimalisation). So "Lire", "Soldi" and "Denarii" were the denominations of Italian currency in the the late Renaissance, and this obscure terminology was because originally the bankers in London were from Lombardy. So I always thought MM was the same. For something like "Mille Mille" (ie one thousand thousands). I don't have any reference for this, that was just my own theory, and it's slightly undermined by the fact that the Italians have a word for "Million" ("Milione"). I think you guys mean 'steganography' rather than 'stenography'. https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Steganography Tim Gowers is an amazing mathematician and a person of great integrity, but this is not exactly news given that the boycott has gone on for so long now (see the date on the article). More recently, in March 2016 he founded a new ultra-low-cost journal (Discrete Analysis) which publishes all articles on arXiv. https://gowers.wordpress.com/2016/03/01/discrete-analysis-la... Go/baduk would be the most obvious counter-example here. It has something like 9 rules in total (depending on how you count them) and has been replayed for more than 5000 years. https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Rules_of_go#Concise_statement A csp can say that you only want to load things over https and Strict-transport security (HSTS) also helps here (see https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/HTTP_Strict_Transport_Security ). I've found http://securityheaders.io quite helpful in securing my servers alongside ssl labs server test (as others have mentioned) to check that your actual server and SSL certs are configured well. Not exactly. If you remove dropbox from the accessibility auth list while the client is still running (without removing /Library/DropboxHelperTools) it just adds itself back in. Also it prompts for the password after installation. So it's more like "how dropbox uses the root access you give it after installation to install software which will permanently re-add itself to accessibility even if you attempt remove its authorization". It's very strange that after I remove Dropbox from the accessibility list you think it's ok to add it back in again. That's the reason I'll be closing my account. This is a very broad accusation, but certainly most hedge funds I know are based in Mayfair, where almost all property is owned by the Duchy of Westminster. Of the top of my head I don't know any hedge funds who own their own office space in London (I'm sure they must exist). Hedge funds as a group would almost certainly be able on average to lower their rent if there was more property development. It might be that the processes are genuinely eating your RAM, but on most unix-like OSs, RAM usage doesn't work quite the way people expect and it may be you're misunderstanding. Many pages of forked or threaded processes can be copy-on-write, so it actually costs the OS nothing to have multiple processes sharing them. They only actually become separate pages when the process actually writes to them. What this means is that you can't get a true picture of the ram usage just by adding as you will in fact be double-counting any read-only pages that are shared using COW. Seriously? Here's the Ecuadorian Embassy: https://goo.gl/maps/gtwjXtGrv9p Note that it's not in the middle of nowhere, it's right behind Harrods (ie 100 yards away from one of the busiest shopping streets in one of the world's largest and most diverse cities, with 1000s of people walking by every minute carrying cellphones). Do you honestly think anyone could storm such an embassy and not have a massive media footprint? When the Iranian embassy was stormed there was wall-to-wall coverage on the news, and that was in the 1980s, before every second person on the street had a cellphone and twitter. Many people have their internet service go down from time to time (I know I do) and most of the time it isn't caused by state-sponsored action/governments storming their place of residence. I've already said why I think such a storming would provide evidence that even state-sponsored actors would not be able to suppress. The Brompton Road and Sloane street both have plenty of pedestrians and vehicular traffic at 6:40am (I'm speaking as someone who used to bicycle down them every day around that time). Given no evidence to the contrary, a much better hypothesis that fits the known facts is that there was some sort of standard ISP snafu or similar tech problem. That's a bizarre accusation and very easy to fact-check for yourself. It's trivial to run a packet sniffer and see all the information being sent out of your network. I know for sure that my apple and my linux boxes aren't making any network connections that I don't understand. That's true. All the banks were forced to take bailout money because the concern was if a sound bank was allowed to refuse, shaky banks would either be punished in the market for accepting or worse would be pressured into refusing when they actually needed the money. GS paid the money back literally as soon as they were allowed to. Have you considered changing your pricing model so you get paid some % of their "success" however defined? Edit: to explain my thinking - the idea here is it may actually be that if you're getting paid alongside them that you don't need to grow to other customers. You can get all the revenue you need from getting this one customer to dominate their market. I'm not sure the OPs approach is reasonable, and I would decline any candidate who tried to put constraints like this on the process. In particular I don't think it's reasonable to insist on being interviewed by the direct manager and I don't think it's reasonable to refuse to engage with algorithm and other whiteboard questions. As a meta-point, a company should try to standardise their interview process as much as possible in order to provide each candidate with an equal chance to succeed. This is very important in attempting to address inherent biases etc. Apart from filtering out unsuitable candidates, one of the purposes of the interview process is to determine where exactly a good candidate might best fit. Although you get a good guess at this from their CV, oftentimes I find myself suggesting a good candidate be routed to a particular team based on strengths and weaknesses they have demonstrated in the interview process that were not apparent before. There is an information asymmetry at the heart of this that is hard to solve - I know a lot about my company, its teams and their needs, and the candidate (hopefully) knows a lot about themselves, what they are actually good at and want to do. What this means is that the direct manager is not necessarily knowable ahead of the interview (and subsequent review). Secondly, just because someone is a team lead/manager does not necessarily presuppose they are a particularly good interviewer. Interviewing is a skill that not everyone has and there are good reasons to keep the interview pool to a set of people who see a wide swathe of candidates and are able to calibrate their interview based on experiences of lots of candidates. This means the hiring manager (even if you know who she is) may not be on the slate for interviewing. Finally the "I'm not prepared to answer questions like x". Although this is becoming a trendy thing to say on HN (most typically about algorithm/whiteboard type questions), refusing to engage constructively with a question is a huge red flag for me, and likely to indicate a personality type that I don't want to hire. I would readily admit that the data shows that algo questions often don't have as much signal as people used to think. However, structured work exercises have been shown time and time again to be a very good indicator of subsequent performance. I do need to know that you can actually program, and often offer a choice of an algo question or a structured code review (where the candidate and I talk through some code on their github or that they can provide me for the review). There are good and bad ways to ask algo questions as there are with many questions. It's pretty pointless to ask an experienced programmer to write the algo for heapify; they either know it or they don't. However, if you're a recent compSci graduate and you don't know these things I'll suspect that you didn't really pay attention in class and mostly coasted. One of the hardest and very best interviews I have ever had consisted of someone deliberately re-asking one of the algo questions I had performed poorly on at the beginning of the interview process (after I had a couple of weeks to think about it). This proceeded into a very very tough interview that pushed me beyond the bounds of my compsci knowledge to how I think about solving hard problems. It wasn't about what "book knowledge" I could recall but rather about how good I was at applying my knowledge in a tough situation. CIO in the context of a hedge fund means "Chief Investment Officer" rather than "Chief Information Officer". There are quite a few situations where you have an obligation to not delete data so "legally you've done nothing wrong" is probably overly broad. This is too simplistic. There is another reason - options incentivise people in a different way from cash. Say I have an option which is struck at the fair market value of the company on the day I join. When I exercise that option, the value will be the appreciation in the value of the company up to that point (ie the value I have had a role in creating). So options (when the plan is set up well) incentivise employees to maximise the value of the company for shareholders. More broadly you could say that options tend to incentivise long-term value creation ("dividend-seeking") over short-term value extraction ("rent-seeking") behaviours. Secondly, options incentivise people to stay around (until their options vest). The company also gets to cancel unvested options if a person leaves and even claw back vested but unexercised options in the case of misconduct by the employee. These are all things that are valuable for the company and more difficult to achieve using cash. Thirdly, there is a big difference to most startups between "value" and "cash". I may well want to pay someone in a cash-equivalent that has equal value to cash (or even greater) because I want to manage my cashflow. After all, I can pay my employees (some of their comp) in options but I have to pay my bills in actual cash, which may be hard to come by until I hit net positive cashflow. In the case of an option, when you exercise and sell, you turn your option into cash, but the cash doesn't come from the company, it comes from whoever buys. This may be more efficient for the company than raising the equivalent cash and paying people directly in cash (because of transaction costs around fundraising). He means diminishing _marginal_ utility. Extra income always gives increasing utility on an absolute basis. An extra dollar of income gives a dollar of utility to everyone, but an extra dollar to Bill Gates gives less marginal utility than it gives to me because it's a much smaller proportion of his net worth and therefore will make less difference to his life than it would to mine. There are a few problems with this. 1) moral hazard/information assymetry - If I insure you against fraud I have removed most of your financial incentive to protect yourself, so I need to have some other reason to think that you will. I also need protection against the fact that you have more information than I have about the risk of fraud (how do I know you won't collude with the fraudster, in effect defraud yourself and collect on the insurance?) In the normal world this category of concerns prevents lots of types of risks from being insurable, and we have criminal law to protect against collusion 2) Capital commitment - It's not sufficient to just get a promise from the vetters, the capital has to be committed (ie escrowed in some way) otherwise how do I (as an insured party) know they will make good on their payment when I need them to? As an insured party I have to be able to verify that you have done this. In the normal world, this is handled by regulatory capital guidelines for insurers and counterparty collateral posting in the world of OTC contracts. 3) Network effects - If I have capital in escrow, the contracts protecting that escrow would presumably themselves become extremely high-value targets for fraud. Can they be insured? How would you know that the capital is committed to pay out on these insurance contracts? Escrow again? This is a very significant bootstrapping problem - how do I as a participant somewhere in this chain know that in the last resort my insurance will be able to pay out so that if need by I can make good on my commitments. In the normal world this is handled by central counterparties demanding collateral posting against open contracts. It's very tempting for engineering/technical people to assume that even though they don't really understand all the details, everything has an engineering/technical solution that would be so much better than what has been developed by their predecessors. This disruptor's hubris is necessary for progress to be made against very hard problems otherwise they would probably be to daunting to tackle. Trust in the existing contract law system has grown organically over a very long period of time. Some of the smartest people going are lawyers and they've had a significant head start on these problems. It would be pretty difficult for trust to evolve organically given some of the poor decisions and scale of subsequent fraud that has already happened in the "smart" contract world. You can at least get a copy of all of it, and you can delete some of it. 1. Log in to your google account 2. go to ﻿ https://www.google.com/settings/takeout (this doesn't work with the regional googles like 'google.co.uk' fwiw) 3. You should see a page called 'Download your data' with all the services selected. If you want to deselect anything, do, otherwise hit 'Next' 4. If you want to change the format or chunk size, do it here. Otherwise hit 'Next' 5. Wait. This can take a few days if your google account is big. 6. You'll get an email with a link to one or more archives to download. All your stuff will be in there in open formats. 7. You can delete your google account (I think from https://myaccount.google.com/preferences?pli=1#deleteservice... ) but it won't delete info they have on you in their caches Have a nice day. Sean Although I'm sympathetic with the side I think you're on, the legal issue at stake here is much more complex than you are giving credit for, and reasonable people can disagree about this. Courts have apparently found in the past that disclosing a physical key is not a 5th amendment violation whereas disclosing a code (eg the combination to a safe) is. The EFF is apparently of the mind that this is a violation. There's a decent writeup of a different case that raises the same issue here http://www.outsidethebeltway.com/the-fifth-amendment-privacy... Hmm. It's not true to say under this scheme a judge could jail you for not producing a body. This is more like a situation where the judge could jail you for not allowing people to search the spot where they suspect the body is (eg if you won't let police search your freezer). That's something they can in fact already do. That is to say, they have the right (assuming a warrant) to search where they want to search, and if there is a physical protection (eg a key) it isn't covered by 5th amendment and you have to cough it up. The 5th amendment doesn't bestow a right to prevent the collection of evidence in general. You could argue that this particular person wanted a jury trial they could easily have got that by disclosing the password and allowing decryption. That said, forcing disclosure of a password is particularly troubling. On its face it seems obvious that he is deliberately not doing that so as not to reveal the incriminating evidence (ie incriminate himself), which is why he is pleading the 5th amendment right not to be forced to do that. Options don't work that way fortunately/unfortunately. In the event of a split in the underlying, you have to split the options also. I'm assuming you mean Hol a cracy (eg https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Holacracy )? Not trying to be pedantic, just making sure. I don't think that's true. A safe harbor can't make you liable for something, it can carve out a specific case where you are not liable. So the DCMA safe harbor could say that they are not liable if they never moderate. That would mean that by moderating they would give up their ability to claim safe harbor. It would not make them liable. Their liability would then be judged based on what they did (ie was their moderation negligent in some way). This isn't just slightly OT, it's completely OT and includes an ad-hominem sideswipe for no discernable reason. Appealing to the authority of Donald Trump's twitter account doesn't make it any less of an ad-hominem sideswipe. I know what the blog article says, but I don't think that's how this works. They don't generally go after the 100k end people who have fragments of the stolen coins in your example, they just go after the 3 who received the stolen coins and say they have to make restitution. Otherwise you could get out of any financial liability for receiving stolen goods just by flipping to someone else. One of the things that regulators, prosecutors and counsel for wronged parties take into account is how likely they are to get restitution based on a particular construction of the case, so they may choose to pursue a party where the theory of liability is a bit tortuous if it allows them to sue a party with deep pockets where they are more likely to be able to get restitution for example. I am familiar with how tracing cash and securities transactions on behalf of wronged parties was done in a couple of frauds and that's how it worked there (although those cases didn't involve bitcoin it must be said). //edited to explain more clearly that I had read the article so understand the point the parent was making in that context In the UK at least the teens I know consider snapchat uncool and hard to use; they prefer to use Instagram. When I travel to India and the far East (Indonesia and the Philippines most recently) people seem to be all about WhatsApp. Obviously a small sample and the plural of anecdote isn't data, but you don't quote sources for your "vast vast vast majority of young people" either. The problem with this argument is that while supply of bitcoin itself is inelastic, anyone who wants to do so can create an altcoin, meaning the supply of altcoins in general is infinite, and since they are functionally extremely similar to each other if people can't buy bitcoin at an attractive price, they can simply buy something else that works the same way. His legal team said that, but of course that doesn't mean he didn't commit fraud. As I understand it, he took money from his pharmaceutical company to cover up trading losses in his fund. The fact that investors all made money doesn't change a)that this is almost certainly criminal in and of itself if you don't 100% own both the fund and the company b)pharma investors would have made more money had he not taken some of their cash and given it to investors in his fund. Edit: And of course reporting requirements. If you're investing with other people's money, you don't get to make a huge loss just disappear and not tell people about it. There are a bunch of laws about that sort of thing. > In my time there I've never seen Zuck really duck a question. He stands behind what his company does and believes in the mission, as do most employees. Just this week he has ducked questioning by the UK parliament, and opted not to stand behind what his company does. A couple of weeks ago, when this story broke, he opted to just hide for a little bit, issue legal threats against the guardian and the NYT and see if the whole thing would blow over. I'm absolutely convinced that noone in Youtube uses 1)Youtube's search function (how can a company that is famous for search have such a completely terrible search at the heart of one of their main products?) 2)Subscriptions (how come they think that subscribing to a feed means "sometimes tell me when there's an update, sometimes don't"?. Can't conceive of them thinking that if they actually used them) Patch knows that ed is a fine choice. Ed is generous enough to flag errors, yet prudent enough not to overwhelm the novice with verbosity. In case anyone has not been exposed to the reference, it's perhaps invoking the famous `ed, man !man ed` page. https://www.gnu.org/fun/jokes/ed-msg.html I agree with your assertion that if GDPR expectations are high, they will be disappointed, however the "legitimate interest" claim doesn't trump the data subject's right to privacy in GDPR. As I understand it, you can only really claim legitimate interest if you're not doing any kind of direct marketing and are able to show that there is not undue impact on the data subject. There's a lot of conflicting information about this on the web but the actual language of the directive is pretty straightforward. “The legitimate interests of a controller, including those of a controller to which the personal data may be disclosed, or of a third party, may provide a legal basis for processing, provided that the interests or the fundamental rights and freedoms of the data subject are not overriding, taking into consideration the reasonable expectations of data subjects based on their relationship with the controller. Such legitimate interest could exist for example where there is a relevant and appropriate relationship between the data subject and the controller in situations such as where the data subject is a client or in the service of the controller." If you don't have a facebook account for example, you don't have a relationship with them and therefore have a reasonable expectation that they would not be tracking you. Edit: Granted, the language is somewhat ambiguous and we won't really know how this shakes out until there is established case law later in the year. Personally I'm waiting until GDPR comes into effect before requesting all the data LinkedIn has on me and information on any third parties they may have given my data to. I'm mildly terrified by some of the suggestions they have made which could only come from linking third-party data sets. As sibling points out, this is reported in the financials of the company so shareholders are informed. The reasons companies (listed and otherwise) give stock rather than cash are: 1)cashflow - it allows them to compensate people without affecting the cash position of the business 2)tax - sometimes it's more tax-efficient for the company than cash compensation 3)incentivises retention - vesting keeps people on the treadmill, especially if you re-up people while they vest so they would always leave a lot on the table if they walk. This is standard practise at Wall St firms so it's not SV-specific. 4)incentivises long-term value creation - if people get granted at around the fair value of the company when they join, then when they (exercise and) sell, they receive a share in the value they helped to create. It very much more direct than other forms of compensation 5)flexible - it's very difficult in many cases to adjust people's cash comp downwards. On the other hand if you structure a big piece of their annual comp as a discretionary equity bonus you can flex that 6)clawback - unvested equity is easy to claw back in the case of employee malfeasance. Cash is pretty much impossible to get back short of a lawsuit and even then, good luck. I totally get that people's long-term financial well-being is often too correlated to their employer's stock price, but it's really no mystery why firms do this. It's not at all an SV invention either, it's very similar to the template used for a long time by Wall St firms. Nicholas Cooke in "Handbook of Musical Analysis" says something that has always influenced me very deeply: > All notation is analysis Obviously he's talking in the specific context of musical notation, but it seems true in other fields too. Choosing how to notate seems a very important analytical decision and certain forms of notation help or hinder analysis. Feynman diagrams for example famously help to understand the maths underlying particle interactions. Roman numerals (for a different example) make all kinds of arithmetic much harder than in Arabic notation. This is a constant trope, and every time it's wheeled out a bunch of developers say they would love more uninterrupted time and their own offices vs open spaces. Both of these ignore the obvious - you don't optimise on productivity locally you need to optimise on output of the system as a whole. Productivity of the system as a whole is significantly improved by communication. Devs in offices may burn through a ton of tickets very productively achieving failure by building the wrong thing. Secondly, people who have never been managers often don't understand the externalities. As a manager, I've been asked "Why should the devs get so much better computers/bigger screens etc than us?" Different conditions can create an intense feeling of unfairness among people who don't get those conditions. Those types of things can wreck the culture at a company. Finally, open space is much much more flexible, so easier to change up when you need people to sprint together on a thing, when you need to scale up your team etc. Offices are extremely inflexible and typically anchorpoints for people's perception of their own status. Therefore once someone has an office, it's practically impossible to get them to not have one any more, even if circumstances have significantly changed. It's easy to blame management but it may well be that management have a totally different set of problems to consider than you. It's pretty hardy and goes dormant. You only need a few alive to grow a healthy starter back when you need it again, so every now and then I make an extra amount, mix in a little more flour than normal, spread it in blobs on an aluminium foil-covered baking tray and stick the whole thing in the freezer. After a few hours I come back, pop them off the foil and into a freezer bag. When reviving, I try to use two blobs from two separate bags just in case one has died. I put them in tepid water for a bit, then add flour and mix and I'm back in business. My starter was given to me by Dan Lepard[1] (the end-boss of breadmaking) during a sourdough masterclass that I was given as a present. I thoroughly recommend this as a present if you have a friend or loved one who is interested in making bread btw. It's fantastic and you get payback in tasty loaves for many years. [1] https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Dan_Lepard That link directly contradicts your claim: > On Monday, a Tesla representative said that Eberhard and other principals in the dispute have come to an agreement. The company did not reveal any details of the resolution, except to say that there are now five, rather than two, agreed-upon "founders" of Tesla. > In addition to Eberhard, other founders include current CEO and chief product architect Elon Musk, current chief technology JB Straubel, Marc Tarpenning, and Ian Wright. Profitable unit economics are an essential ingredient of pretty much every successful business, and the inability to make the unit economics work the reason for a huge numbers of failures. I don't know the LA market if you take New York, there is already an extremely efficient low-cost food delivery market where the vast majority of restaurants do take-out and various ordering services (seamless etc) are available and very frequently used. It's going to be extremely difficult to get good market penetration with unit economics that allow for a profitable business in the long term. A lot of people focus purely on an improved user experience (eg the magic of uber where you click and a car comes, and you just get out without paying at the end) but "disruption" of the established UX isn't enough - you need to provide goods and services at a price point where there is demand and yet somehow you still make enough to stay in business. Well every two weeks or so I get unsolicited mails offering to sell me very large databases of contact information. My standard is to just completely ignore these, but when I got nagged for the third time recently I sent them a (very intrusive but still legally entirely legitimate) subject access request to find out what they have on me, who they got it from and who they have sold it to as it was entirely without consent. Although PII is dealt with in GDPR, GDPR doesn't only cover PII, and it makes numerous references to the obligation on anybody who processes personal data (not just PII) with respect to security. For example "Personal data should be processed in a manner that ensures appropriate security and confidentiality of the personal data, including for preventing unauthorised access to or use of personal data and the equipment used for the processing." Here's the definition of a "lottery" under the uk gambling act "(2)An arrangement is a simple lottery if— (a)persons are required to pay in order to participate in the arrangement, (b)in the course of the arrangement one or more prizes are allocated to one or more members of a class, and (c)the prizes are allocated by a process which relies wholly on chance." There is also a complex lottery where the process begins with chance. This covers things like scratchcards where you choose which things to scratch off but which card you are given, and what is printed on the card is governed by chance. http://www.legislation.gov.uk/ukpga/2005/19/section/14 Lotteries are one of 3 forms of gambling covered by this regulation, so in the uk at least it seems pretty obvious that lootboxes are gambling from a legal point of view. Lotteries are permitted for people older than 16 in the UK but it's an offence to allow a "child" (someone younger than 16 in this law) to participate ( http://www.legislation.gov.uk/ukpga/2005/19/section/56 ) It's also an offence if your company to manufacture, supply, install or adapt gambling software without a license. So they could be liable from that point of view also, in the UK at least. edit: clarify one bit of wording Wagers on things which are part-skill and part-chance are covered by the definition of "gaming", which is one of the other forms of gambling in this law and seems like it was originally designed for games like roulette, poker etc. If the loot-box is designated gaming then the restrictions are no less severe and certain exemptions around lotteries wouldn't apply (so probably more severe). It's worth reading http://idlewords.com/2005/04/dabblers_and_blowhards.htm as a counterpoint to "Hackers and painters" They have rest and graphQL interfaces for all the functionality that isn't plain git. You don't need to use the github website. I use the graphql api to build a set of shellscripts to do all my pull request reviews on my terminal using vimdiff for example. I can then approve or reject things just using shell and not touching the web frontend at all. That's not what third parties means. Third parties means parties other than the service provider and the user. If the discussion here is bad, you definitely have played a role in making it so. Claiming people who disagree with your point of view are "deranged" is not constructive. Just using set notation doesn't make an argument precise. You are begging some questions in your definition here. For example, how do we know that a task solves a particular problem if we can't perform static analysis on it? It may give the appearance of working and then degrade radically under certain conditions. That really matters if you're using it for safety-critical applications and the problem space is large enough that it can't be exhaustively tested. In point of fact, that's not what happened in Madoff. There never were any investments made by Madoff's fund - his wealth management business was a fraud from the 1980s onwards. If it's big enough news to be covered by The Guardian (a major "serious" news outlet here in the UK) it seems it may be of interest given Tesla tends to be closely followed on this board. A car catching fire for no apparent reason while driving normally in traffic in an urban area could point to an important problem, do you not think? (sorry about length)TL;DR: Play to your strengths as a startup. You're exciting and offering something with potential. I would firstly look at what you have to offer that might be interesting to someone in their position. Since you've said "highly paid", I'm assuming that you're not able to offer them the same pay they might be on at the moment. Remember what's great about your company and play to your strengths. As a startup you should be more flexible than wherever they are now and therefore able to tailor things to that. Here are some ideas for things that could convince: 1)The opportunity to work on something meaningful, fun or cool. If your company has an interesting social mission or something cool, that can be convincing. I imagine Elon Musk finds it easier to hire people for SpaceX than someone working on tax accounting software might do (important thought that is) 2)The chance to make a really huge impact vs at a big company being a cog in a big machine. Lots of experienced engineers yearn for the chance to build something new because they've spent so much of their lives refactoring, tinkering with and otherwise improving parts of huge systems built by lots of other people. 3)Explosive upside in the case of success - having an equity or other incentive structure where people give up some comp today for the opportunity to really share in success can be a great incentive. (I know there are pros and cons to this and lots of strong views on HN on the whole equity comp thing). 4)The opportunity to work with really interesting people and learn new things can be a big incentive for really top engineers. If you or other members your founding team are genuinely exceptional, this will serve as a magnet for others. Likewise if you're using a cool new language, some interesting tech stack or whatever that could also be a draw. 5)Lots of people in big companies want to work in a more interesting environment. Cool offices, some work from home, not having to wear a suit, flexible working hours etc all could potentially convince people to give up a 9-5 grind somewhere else 6)Perks - ok so the money isn't as much but you get free food, beer, laundry, gym membership etc. This is usually more of an incentive for people coming straight out of university as more experienced team members might have families they want to eat with etc but that could work for some people 7)Personal growth - this ties in to some of the points above, but the chance to learn, grow and develop their career can be a really big incentive. Engineer #1 at a startup could end up being the lead engineer/cto/whatever for a big company one day and for the right person that potential trajectory could appeal. Finally two really important warnings: - Bear in mind fairness to your existing staff. If you go the extra mile for the new hire, consider the motivational impact if they are getting conditions that are materially better than your current crew have. It could be far better to offer everyone a new condition or whatever at the same time than to offer it just to the new person. So say the person has asked to work from home some chunk of the time etc, offer that to your existing staff or prepare for them to be salty. - Behave with integrity and be prepared to give up on "convincing" them rather than compromise on this. eg Don't say anything to convince someone you aren't 100% committed to following through on. Likewise, if someone feels you're sketchy in hiring you won't just lose them, you'll lose all their network of contacts also. A friend told me about being headhunted to run engineering at Theranos. He said Elizabeth Holmes said to him _in the interview_ that if he wanted, she would fire her entire engineering team so he could hire the team he wanted from scratch. That sounded so unethical to my friend he passed on the role. What specific frauds around MBS and CDOs are you referring to? Certainly some people did indeed see jailtime in the US due to fraudulent use of TARP money for example: https://www.channel4.com/news/factcheck/factcheck-how-many-b... Also several high-profile executives such as Angelo Mozillo settled for high fines and bars from financial services as a result of SEC enforcement. You can find some of the relevant SEC enforcement actions and their outcomes here https://www.sec.gov/spotlight/enf-actions-fc.shtml although that page appears a little out of date. There were to my knowledge prosecutions also for mortgage fraud etc but just in and of themselves ill-conceived securitizations constitute a fraud. Immigration and Customs Enforcement Your characterisation of the left and the right undermines your argument entirely. There are most certainly virtuous and unethical people on both sides of the spectrum. This article seems to ignore two of the most important reasons to choose one language over another. Specifically: 1)Expressiveness in the given problem domain. Some languages are really great in particular niches. 2)Availability of devs. The ability to hire and retain a really great team makes or breaks projects, and while a smart, motivated dev can learn any language, it's definitely a factor in their choice to work or not work with you. If you're in a niche language it will greatly affect the ability of people to use external resources (stackoverflow etc) if they hit blockers and some people will be reluctant to railroad their career into a tech that doesn't appear to be going to the mainstream. On the flipside, if you're lucky you may be able to get really passionate devotees of the language to work for you just to use the language where they might not have done it otherwise. The ones that I find most useful as a programmer are the text object commands. These go like i for "inside" delims and a for "around" (including delims>. The object name is very often a particular delimiter. So: want to yank what's inside some html tags? yit want to change inside round parens? ci( Want to delete the {-delimited block? da} (or da{}. likewise, yi' or ca" or whatever all do what you would expect. It's incredibly useful for a programmer because you don't need to move to the part of the line you want to operate on, so you can do like yypci" to copy the current line and edit what's inside double quotes. Vimcasts.org and "Practical vim" are good sources for this sort of thing. Not every startup needs engineers. Not every valuable business has an engineering problem at it's heart. VC is fundamentally about capital allocation - funds don't necessarily need scalable or innovative internal tech to do a really great job at this. I know a fund of 6 people with no particular tech skills who are killing it because they're really smart investors. There's a huge bias in the Valley (and obviously on here) towards hiring rockstar engineers and then trying to figure out problems to point them at. Isn't it way better to actually figure out a valuable problem first, and then hire the right mix of people (including engineers, but all the other skills also) to solve that problem? Just in case you think I'm anti-engineer: I have been a software engineer my whole working life. My father is a chemical engineer and his father was a mechanical engineer. I love engineers, but sheesh - not everyone has to be an engineer, and not all value is created by engineers. It's completely absurd that anyone would choose IBM or Oracle, but having heard first hand the sales pitch that IBM cloud give you I understand it a bit given that a lot of people with decision-making power don't have enough tech expertise to detect nonsense and FUD when they hear it. In my case, the guy spent half the pitch flat out lying to me about AWS and how Amazon charges etc. (sample lie "They basically don't let you transfer any data out once it's in the cloud"). I let him go for quite a while before I revealed that I actually know what I'm talking about and calling out his bs ("Gee that's pretty weird because I host quite a few servers in AWS and I'm able to get data from them just fine. I wonder how that works?") Many (and possibly most) guitar (and bass) tabs for songs are (unfortunately) wrong. Likewise very many chord boxes and often the chord names themselves are wrong. There are notable exceptions (eg "Standing in the shadows of Motown" - the transcription of James Jamerson's basslines is genuinely superb). There's really no substitute for listening really closely to music you really like and figuring it out for yourself. I have boxfiles of transcriptions I did and if nothing else, it improves your ear to the extent you get faster and faster not only at doing transcriptions but at learning music generally. To all the people saying Jack Ma is only winning because of govt intervention: Have any of you guys actually been on ebay in the last 10 years? The surprising thing is not that they got beaten in China, it's that they're still in business anywhere else. I have changed over to neovim for most of my editing, but the one thing I have found is that it seems much slower to start up. Pretty sure this is a bug they'll fix soon, and other than that it's really pretty great. I don't actually use the Terminal window feature, but there are a few things about it that I like: 1)Decent python2 and 3 support (yes both at the same time) 2)Getting the * and + registers to actually work seems less annoying than in regular vim (ymmv at least I don't have to rebuild neovim from source to get these). (check out :he quoteplus and :he quotestar if you don't know - these are awesome) The premise of this article that you assess people's honesty and reliability by ambushing them with a trick (heuristic which is opaque to them) expecting only certain responses to be "correct", is intrinsically dishonest and low integrity. Although I would like to think that I would often "pass the test" here, I would be extremely reluctant to work with anyone who had pulled any bush league BS like this. In my mind this is very similar to interviewing someone with a trick question/riddle/conundrum and failing them if they don't answer one of a specific set of "right answers" that only you know. It's a great way to feel smart by rejecting people but not a great way to discriminate between good and poor candidates. I'm not sure these really are particularly mysterious. The rock resonates when struck in the same way than bells do. This is true of glass, metal and some crystals obviously so it doesn't require any strange mechanism to work in rocks as long as presumably the rock has a particular consistency and shape and you can hold it in such a way that it can resonate without you clamping the vibrations. Musical stones or rocks are known in many places around the world. Here are some examples: Africa - http://www.namibian.org/travel/archaeology/musical-stone.htm... UK - https://www.neatorama.com/2007/01/28/the-original-rock-music... Stalactites often resonate beautifully when struck with a soft mallet. I've been in caves in France and in Africa where tour guides demonstrated this phenomenon. Here's a recording of music played on a rock sculpture specifically designed to be playable like a xylophone - https://www.amazon.com/Music-Stones-Stephan-Micus/dp/B000025... This one is pretty cool, because it explains how a particular set of musical pillars in India were constructed so they play a scale. http://www.phenomenalplace.com/2017/09/musical-pillars-at-ha... Anti-intellectualism is pretty strong in the UK too. For example in one of the defining moments of the Brexit campaign, Michael Gove was confronted by an open letter from a large number of leading economists saying how damaging Brexit would be to the economy and said “people in this country have had enough of experts”. Not sure whether you're serious, but leaking issues you find during diligence in order to buy a company cheap could well constitute unlawful disclosure of inside information, and therefore, market abuse. And obviously depending on where you are in the diligence process you probably would have had to sign an NDA, so you would be violating that also. The laws vary a lot by jurisdiction, but in Europe, the relevant regulations arise from the EU Market Abuse Directive https://eur-lex.europa.eu/legal-content/EN/TXT/HTML/?uri=CEL... and from a quick reread this information would be considered inside information, so this would be market abuse if the company was traded on a regulated exchange. I always start tmux using in a shell function like this tms () { session_name="${1:-sean}" tmux new-session -A -s "${session_name}" } What that does is create a new session or attach to one if it exists. This makes it really easy to detach a session or to log into the same session in multiple windows or whatever. I can pass a name for the session but if I don't it defaults to my name (so when I'm on a multi-user box my session doesn't clash with other people's). This makes it easy to have separate "work" and "personal" sessions or whatever. I think for "tmux new-session -A" to work you need a reasonably recent tmux but anything from the last couple of years or so should work. Don't think there's any connection between 5 eyes and immigration. The Five Eyes refers to intelligence cooperation between the major English-speaking nations. That arose directly out of them having been allies in WW2 and facing a common adversary (the Soviet Bloc) in the cold war. In WW2, they didn't have as deep collaboration with many other Nato powers because France was occupied and Italy and Germany were the enemy they were fighting. It was natural for this close cooperation to continue from there. > after the 2008 global financial crisis, in which several prominent financial institutions failed and millions of people lost their homes to foreclosure, only one banker was sentenced to jail time, and only for 30 months. Just because something bad happened doesn't necessarily mean there was a crime for which an individual can be sentenced to jail time (regardless of public outcry after the fact). Here's a list of SEC enforcement actions arising from the crisis https://www.sec.gov/spotlight/enf-actions-fc.shtml His book "Silence" is also really worth reading to understand his philosophy. https://www.amazon.com/Silence-John-Cage/dp/0714510432/ref=s... I would highly recommend Jon Harrop's "OCaml for Scientists" if you're interested in learning OCaml. It's a really awesome book. http://www.ffconsultancy.com/products/ocaml_for_scientists/ When I was learning OCAML and bought the book, Jon actually found some code I had posted on my website and sent me some advice about how to make it more idiomatic. He even rewrote the first one of my functions to show me how. If memory serves (I don't have my copy to hand) it focuses particularly on analysis and visualisation, and a lot of the examples are scientific in nature. It should and it does for me (ie it defines a one item string list, containing "[test]"). What were you expecting it to do? Well correctness is surely an important factor in whether or not mathematics is publishable, wouldn't you say? Necessary but not sufficient, perhaps. How do you feel about an "organic chemist"? Not a violinist but I used to be a professional double bass player and the issues are somewhat similar (actually worse on violin than double bass because the gauge is shorter and therefore the margin for error is less). Beginners do sometimes stick stickers on the fretboard, however these are generally not encouraged. Firstly if you're looking at the fingerboard while playing a violin your neck would be in a really bad position, so it would encourage a bad habit. To learn to play in tune, you train your ear (so you know what in tune is) and your proprioception (so you know where your body needs to be in space to make the instrument be in tune). Secondly, the difference in area between the note being beautifully in tune and sounding awful is really small, so in order for a sticker or visual cue to help your head and the instrument would have to be in exact alignment at all times and even then you may not be able to see. This is made much worse by parallax. When playing the violin even if you are looking at the strings, you are looking down the fingerboard towards the nut rather than across the fingerboard like in the case of a guitar, remember. Thirdly, if you're looking at your fingers you're not looking at your music (which you need to when you're a beginner) or your conductor or fellow players (as you need to when you're actually performing). In what sense do you mean a pirate version of C or C++? The languages are not subject to a license and therefore cannot be pirated. The ISO/ANSI standard is a copyrighted document, but that doesn't mean the language is copyright. There are proprietary runtimes and toolchains and if you're using a proprietary toolchain or runtime without a license then you are indeed violating copyright in exactly the same way as anyone doing this with any other sort of software. That's not what we're talking about Oracle doing here to users of Java. I remember that the border around the screen was one colour, but if you used interrupts you could change the colour half way through the TV's scan so you could produce a "horizon" with one colour at the top and another below. I wrote something that would do this, but it used to crash randomly for no apparent reason. This would be competing against the existing internet though, where there are a lot of for-profit companies fuelling the content (for the consumer). If I'm a business I need to decide whether to back a scrappy startup infrastructure with no users or to go with the established internet with a vast potential customerbase. If I'm a user I need to decide between the existing internet with vast swathes of content and huge numbers of different services and this new network with better protections for my privacy but basically none of the above. The early internet was innately disruptive and extremely different from anything that was there before. This doesn't have that advantage as far as I can see. Index funds are (slightly below) average by definition. The index itself defines the average (it's the benchmark that all funds use to measure performance), so a fund perfectly tracking the index has almost zero alpha. The "almost" is whatever fees the index fund charges, which lead the funds returns to be slightly below the average if they otherwise track perfectly. Edit: Just to add, by the above definition, where you take the total return on the index as the average, most investors do significantly worse than average, a few do a lot better than average and investors in index funds make almost exactly the average. That's not what that wikipedia article says. Do you have a source backing up your claim? The article says that they have immunity from civil prosecution for claims arising from procedural abuses in initiating a prosecution and in stating the state's case. That doesn't sound at all the same as "complete legal immunity". By my read of that sentence, if they commit a crime, they are still liable to criminal prosecution - you just couldn't initiate a civil prosecution against them. Step 4: Since I'm going to die at some point anyway.... You've given some good examples of nesting which don't introduce branches, but most nesting does and therefore, nesting is an approximation for the cyclomatic complexity of a piece of code. Reducing this complexity helps with testability and (moreso) with the ability of humans to understand the code https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Cyclomatic_complexity Agree with you that reducing nesting is not in and of itself beneficial. That's a very strange response. This is an article about Linux specifically. The author tags the article with Linux and mentions that it's part of a series of articles about Linux. It's not in and of itself a bad idea to have articles that specialise in a specific unix flavour. Secondly, SIGABRT will cause the process to abort and dump core, will it not? That would give you a userspace stack trace (if you load the core into a debugger) whereas this is how you get the kernel-side stack trace of a still-running process. I don't know of a way to get the kernel stack trace of a process in a cross-platform way. Is there such a thing? This is not necessarily how things work (source: am a C-suite exec now and was in my previous role too, although not any company nearly as big or important as Google/Alphabet obviously). Think of shareholders like voters in a not-very-well-functioning democracy. They hold ultimate power, but don't get to vote on things that often and certainly not on every decision. So their power gets exercised on big lumpy things like restructuring the cap table or executive appointments. Big shareholders may well be informed or even consulted about big decisions though, and have informal opportunities to make their general feelings known by meeting senior management. If the shareholders are unhappy they might orchestrate a rebellion and block executive comp or vote on some independent board members or whatever. The board is like the legislature in a parliamentary democracy. They are accountable to the shareholders because they are appointees, so if the shareholders don't like what they do they can give them the boot and appoint someone else. Likewise they can fire the executives if they need to, and also get a vote about a wider range of issues than the shareholders. They therefore have more direct control than the shareholders, but its still not at a very granular level of detail typically. Or if they are going super granular on one topic they are really zoomed out from everything else (and giving the executives more latitude in those areas). So I have been at board meetings where there is a 100 page board pack and the entire conversation has revolved around a microscopic discussion of one page, with everything else being skipped over. Then the c-suite are like the executive branch. They deal with the day to day and actually have to get things done. On a daily basis shareholders and the board will generally leave them alone unless things are going poorly (in which case the eye of sauron is on you). So hopefully it follows from that model that you actually have a lot of leverage as an executive and a lot of latitude to make decisions within a general strategic direction that has been agreed by board and shareholders. Secondly, shareholders are not a uniform blob of faceless avaricious beasts who care only about profit - institutional shareholders will have their respective shareholders and issues like reputational risk etc to consider. As an exec, you can often use credibility you have built up to persuade them of a particular strategic direction and they may or may not give you leeway depending on how much you have delivered in the past etc. This is exactly how it works in the UK and has been since the 70s. Likewise Sikh officers in the police and military are exempt from wearing regular helmets also. It's really not that big a deal, and a good example of how the balancing of different considerations around religious tolerance can occur in a liberal democracy. It's not a situation which I personally support, but in the UK (which is the example I gave) there is no separation of church and state. The head of state (the queen) is also the head of the official church, and various religious figures are granted automatic membership of the upper chamber of the legislature. https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Separation_of_church_and_state... My quick googling (eg http://www.religioustolerance.org/sep_cs_can.htm ) says that Canada has no equivalent to the "Establishment Clause" in the US constitution, and also doesn't have a strict separation.