This is fantastic, great job! Two years of OS updates and three years of security updates. The devices that google had and weren't using Qualcomm CPU got updates for a lot longer (e.g Nexus Player). It gets very, very annoying for Google to try to support phones that use CPUs that don't update or release anything anymore. Please explain. > consumers would dump those ISPs in favor of others. Competition does not exist in the US for ISPs. > Some Companies Take Up More Bandwidth Than Others. They pay for that bandwidth and we pay for the connection. Asking companies to pay more so they're not artificially throttled does not make sense in the actual world of the internet. > The Government Still Allows Discrimination In Traffic. Saying because there is vague language in NN we need to get rid of it entirely does not make any sense what so ever. You don't demolish a building because the window is broken. > Barriers to Entry Are Created NN removes barriers to entry for many startups that simply can't pay the "troll bridge" of the ISPs. > Technological Stagnation These ISPs that are for the removal of NN were given billions of dollars in tax breaks to make the internet better in the US. NN has nothing to do with development of the internet, and using Europe as an example is pretty stupid. Europe has NN, they also have heavy governmental regulation in terms of the last mile. Saying NN is bad because it doesn't solve that problem is like saying oranges are bad because they can't power your car. It's a totally different matter. > Internet Taxes Could Happen If these taxes are used to deploy more public owned fiber lines, I'm all for it. > Content Restrictions From The Government NN has nothing to do with this. Can't you export your contacts? Most of them come with the email too. I've used firebase before, the default settings have proper read and write settings per user. So are you implying monetization make you all the adjectives you stated? Does someone have a nice guide to do full disk encryption, and other recommendations so that we can at least be a little certain our data isn't being tampered with? The problem is the deep integration between iCloud and Apple devices. Lots of stuff can't be just backed up to a different cloud provider/do locally. You need to document it better. Right now this just looks like a side project that is forgotten. Nothing against you, but good documentation is necessary for acknowledgement and adoption. They'd need to move their servers to google cloud platform. And then they'd still be blockable if Russia decides to block Google entirely. In that case it is definitely possible for them to circumvent the ban. If that happens, Russia would have no way of blocking the app other than DNS blocking which can be simply mitigated against as well. See this is the issue. When looking at the support of terrorist organizations, you need to look at it from both sides. America and NATO have waged wars in basically every neighbour of Iran except a few. They've been directly helping Saudi Arabia with selling them a crazy amount of weapons. Saudi Arabia is a state that has many times threatened Iran. All these support for different factions are a geopolitical game. Criticizing Iran for playing the game doesn't make sense as the second they stop their statehood is threatened. I just would like to add that I hope they stop, but I know why they don't. Now about the nuclear weapons. This is simply not the case anymore. Let's tackle what you said about that one by one. - Iran is developing nuclear weapons. - No they aren't. The agreement they made with 5+1 clearly puts Iran under a magnifying glass of scrutiny. The EU and the white house have said countless times that Iran is keeping their side of the deal up. - Threatening Israel. - This is true, however, Israel is the only country that hasn't signed the NPT. Yes they can technically make nuclear weapons now since they haven't committed to not making it, but at the same time saying Iran threatens them is an understatement. There have been dozens of Israeli officials that have threatened Iran with war. AIPAC has been seriously lobbying in the US to go to war with Iran. So it's not one sided, it's not like Israel is this shining rainbow and Iran is the evil fire nation. Let's stop looking at stuff in black and white. They added two more caffeinated varieties. The collusion investigation and Muller's potentially damaging report? Why? Gender is a spectrum and you can fall anywhere on this spectrum. It is also not biological, it can change anytime and multiple times. As dragonwriter put it earlier, your claim relies on two fundamental assumptions that are plain incorrect. You didn't make an argument. Your "transpose" is literally called a strawman argument. How is this Microsoft's fault? If drivers are getting no updates, how should the OS help? What do you define as a mental disorder? Anything that differs from the norm? How do you define the norm? https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Gender_identity Even if it is, as you put it, a mental disorder, let's not use that as an excuse to dismiss it, alright? >> Lol Is that your response to this? "Lol"? Nice way to have a discourse. Looks like you've made up your mind and are dismissing anything that is different with your opinion. >> which claim? The claim that this creates abuse potential. >> [citation required] What do I need to give you citation on? That same-sex abuse can happen? Or that sexual preferences are by default hetrosexual? Pretty sure both of those are a non-question. > Can I claim to be a female today and use girls' shower? Yes, if you absolutely believe you are a female then yes. I don't believe you using a girl's shower means you're abusive. I don't think I have the right to take away your freedom to be who you want. > Seriously? Feminists demonize men for inappropriate looks, but you think that shared locker rooms are not a problem? Do you not think this is a blanket statement? Who do you see as the manifestation of feminists? Feminism is a vast movement. Judging an entire group because of a vocal minority is kinda like saying muslims are terrorists because of 9/11, London, etc (this isn't my argument, but I'm just saying how absurd it sounds to make a blanket statement against an entire group) Its DNS. How do you propose they have access to the data? Sure they are. However, all dns servers are going to have this issue. Even most selfhosted ones, like a self hosted pihole use Google DNS as its backend. The data is far less valuable than your original claim of "Why would someone route their traffic through your servers" which sounds like a VPN/Proxy. AES-GCM is great tbh. Authenticated encryption built into one. You're literally active on his website :P I'm going to get downvoted to hell by saying this but... He also implied that women who get into google are there because the bar is lowered. This implication means when he sees a female coworker, he automatically assumes they're less "effective" than a male co-worker and they're only there because the standards were lowered for them. Essentially this makes the workplace hostile. If you're a woman, you know that this guy thinks "less" of you because of the way you were born. He basically put into words his implicit and explicit biases towards women. How does this apply to other countries where women are higher in STEM and tech than men? For example, in Iran more than 60% of STEM students are female. Automatically assuming that women are there because the standards were lowered for them. Indicating that when he's working with a female co-worker, he thinks they shouldn't be there and the only reason they're there is because of "reverse discrimination". He spoke about affirmative action as well, but most of his arguments were against women. Oh I was definitely not saying Iran should be a role model for the rest of the world. I'm saying examples exist that prove the negation of the "biological" argument. Which brings doubt into, if we're raising boys and girls without considering gender norms would boys really outnumber girls in tech? Women are forced to take STEM? What the fuck kind of statement is that? The number of Iranians in Iran vastly outnumber the ones studying outside of Iran. Especially in undergrad. Please give me sources that Iranian women are forced to study STEM. My source is I've lived in Iran nearly most of my life. How do you handle the traffic? How much does this cost you to run? Organic food isn't necessarily better for the environment either. It takes a lot more resources (land, manpower, etc) to produce Organic food. I think you misunderstood the article. Google didn't take away their domain. The domain is still owned by Daily Stormer. Google just refused to accept it to be transferred to them which is perfectly within the rules of ICANN. Read about the paradox of tolerance. At some point you need to draw the line. This line is going to be fuzzy as hell, but if you don't you're going to end up with a ton of intolerance. You could believe this, but that doesn't make it the proper way. To be honest, we don't know how to stop these ideas. The nazi party came into power with less than 40% approval and gained that power that nearly destroyed the world. It's scary to say but there are theories floating around from hundreds of years ago that were made by different philosophers about the nature of these. For example, the paradox of tolerance is one of these theories. I'm not saying we should be violent, I'm just saying we have absolutely no idea how to deal with this. This is exactly what I mean by the paradox of tolerance. If we're tolerant towards intolerance, we're going to be outed. What if their beliefs are ruining other people's lives? Where do you draw the line? They also have constant security issues. Some of these security issues make you doubt the quality of the code that Gitlab has... Use your own email, at least if gsuite takes it down you can host it elsewhere. This is terrifying... Americans are already paying a shit ton for internet access. Any increase in price is artificial. And somehow you're going to have to accept that fact that people are going to lose their keys. You're going to want to make sure you can properly reissue one to the correct person. You put your public (and private if you want) pgp key on there. Then you make public posts on your social media signed with that key. This way, you show everyone that you own these accounts or websites or whatever. If any of the proofs changes, it puts it on a timeline. If your account has a hard reset it notifies all your followers. Basically its safeish key sharing in the modern world. How do they know you are who you say you are? What's stopping me from calling them and asking them for a new card on your behalf? Yes, but it's electron. I've honestly seen only one properly written Electron app and it's VSCode. Everything else electron sucks. VSCode is not great either but it's much better than say, Atom or Slack. Nope, they kept it because there weren't better alternatives. You can use a public key in the dns record and also activate dnssec. But dnssec isn't really that secure so... I don't see how is this even related? The video is the typical misinformed bashing of feminism, etc. As a customer I would prefer a live demo. Usually a video demo, unless it has to be video (time-lapse etc) will not get my attention and I will ignore it. No way I'm buying something without a live demo. Well this isn't a normal OS that an everyday user uses? There are people who don't want any binary blobs from Google on their devices. I don’t think anyone is specifically blaming Russia. If they are that’s a pretty naive thing to do. When I personally talk about Russia, I just point out that this happened. This being the rise of fake news, etc. We should remember it was the United States and her allies that normalized this behavior. We should take a few lessons from this, when we do something unethical or questionable these tactics are going to be normalized and other countries are going to use them. Another example is Trump ordering an attack on a sovereign nation without that nation asking or any resolution passing in US Congress or the UNSC. We need to understand that this is the age we live in, and that we need to work around fixing these issues. Not blaming others or trying to reverse technological processes. What management wants is not what shareholders want. What you’re saying is impossible and the law needs to fix this, not appeal to emotion. Are we blaming phone manufacturers for putting new technologies in phones now? Also to be honest at least on android phones you can use various solutions, like plugging into your pc. On iPhone you’re essentially stuck with iCloud or iTunes. Try doing that and then opening a location through iMessage. So we have a channel in Telegram that mirrors hackernews... and this just happened so I guess it's a nice meta bug? https://i.imgur.com/JtbCGkB.png (Disclaimer this doesn't happen, like ever) Are there any demos for this still available? So we should expect grad students, that have no other source of income, to rely on $10-20K a year for rent, food, transportation, and everything else? TBH what kind of game doesn't use https... Depends on the VPN. Https handshakes are very different than say openvpn. But you can definitely hide your vpn behind the https protocol. This is much better nowadays but bgp is still problematic. Not doing it would be devastating for the economy in the long run. It's a hard choice but macro is more important than micro in these decisions. Oh we do. It's just saying you're going to do something vs actually doing it is much different. It surprises me that Trump supporters can't see beyond words. Hopefully after these four years you will understand that jobs are going to be going away. There is essentially no way to move time backwards to when technology was at its infancy and there were hundreds of jobs. Instead of supporting candidates who give people a false hope of steel jobs think about different systems to support everyone in the upcoming job armageddon. My avoidance of their built in apps is just simply that I don't want to be locked in to the apple eco system. Apple has always took a closed approach to their software and it's going to hurt them in the long run. I never mentioned open source software. I meant software made by other companies that don't lock you into their platform such as Google. I don't think anyone here looks at this topic with a black and white lens. There are various pros and cons to each and usually for developers the cons of a walled garden outweighs the pros. Send it via a third party who can read your messages or MMS where everyone can read your messages? Nice alternatives... Link to the demo? Yeah but it wouldn't be that hard to seperate the water. You can set it to connect to your own gateway. I mean they literally just announced a new company that graduated their incubator. How are you opening a bank account in a foreign country as a citizen from Iran? There are use cases for big money transfer and just "storing" money in BTC, not really for daily transactions. Personally for me, if I had some basic income, I'd be more willing to take a risk and potentially create hundreds of new jobs. If if its the iPhone you're talking about. Chrome is a "wrapper" around Safari's web engine. There already is a bunch of RFCs in place for high latency protocols. You can still track signals originating from rooftops using drones and then prosecuting the people doing that for spying. Iran is one of those countries that really don't like two way satellite internet. The discussion isn't about whether we know it's happening or not. We should stop letting deniers move the goal posts. The discussion is we know this is happening, what do we do to stop it? Except they've started expanding their plans to include family plans, etc. There is no indication that it will be getting killed off anytime soon. Also since they're a phone provider they can't just shut down. It'll take them years of bleeding money to finally shut down Project Fi. I think it's on under chat.google.com, they never actually link this through the announcement page. He's saying the definition of the word being used is currently changing. When racist people start talking about illegal immigrants and they refer to all people of a specific race or nationality, they effectively change the definition of the word. Why not both? Content such as this really doesn't belong on this forum. It redditifes this forum for conversation. I've also noticed people jump to attacking each other quite a lot more in the comments of pieces like this. How is this relevant when you're criticizing some detail? Are you saying you can't every criticize something because you're not perfect? Absolutely not relevant to the topic posted. If you would like to discuss this video I recommend you make a post and stop derailing threads like these into your own discussion. Google has slowly but surely started approaching the walled garden approach put forth by Apple. It is totally within their right to do this. I understand why they're doing this. I'm not happy with it. You don't have a right to be heard. I don't have a solution, I'm just ranting here. Sorry. This is just an extension of conservatism being scared of sex and women going their own way. Like it or not, prostitution has helped many people rise out of poverty and even make societies (the "west" back in the early US days) around their business. Laws like this are very hard to vote against because of TV ads opponents of politicians could run demonizing them. I never assumed democrats aren't conservative when it comes to social values. Toxicity towards women taking control of their sexuality runs deep within our society. The argument really stands where senate votes nearly unanimously on a bill and then a court strikes it down for being too overreaching. We've had this happen with a lot of "child pornography" laws in the past. I'm waiting for ACLU to take this to the courts. I don't apply the same logic other places. But banning places from having conversations about how to do it safely is a stupid idea and is going to end with more people hurt. This law benefits no one. If someone is having to resort to prostitution they will, just without the support network they need. I'm middle eastern. I've been followed by a police car for 15-20 minutes at a time (even out of their local jurisdiction) three times so far. This has always happened when I'm driving in a rich neighborhood. Targeting definitely does happen. I'm not the only person with stories like this. For the record I'm in Pennsylvania. You think people are going to stop buying Panera Bread because of this? There are no fines. People don't stop purchasing stuff from them. The risks of not following security practices are so low that it makes logical business sense to not care much about them. Now, say if we add fines on these security breaches. Proper fines, say % of global revenue type fines. Then yeah, they'll start caring. Until then, wait for more of these security breaches. Hey look! I told this company about this security breach months ago! They did nothing to resolve it. They literally have a way to find a person's CC info using their phone number. If people like this don't report it, then bad actors will get their hands on it and put EVERYONE at risk. Just from speaking to my friends who are not tech people and regular Panera Bread customers. They don't care. Sorry for using this language but as a direct quote one of them said "dude who gives a shit, everyone is leaking shit these days." So looking at her videos on Telegram ( https://t.me/nasimesabz1 ), she was anti gun. She was a very weird individual with clear mental health issues. I don't even know what to make of most of her content on that channel. She was definitely weird before YouTube took down her account. Ofcourse this doesn't excuse what she did. I'm honestly confused. Her entire personality was based on being vegan. She considered herself to be someone from an alien planet sent to earth to suffer. She criticized all the suffering around her and explained how nobody could understand her. She was apparently against anal sex. She hated women who used their body to get places. While she herself did do that (explicitly said so) in her videos. She thought there is a conspiracy against her "truth". You know what I find amazing in this entire debate? We provide protections for literal objects in the form of DMCA and other various copyright systems. We provide legal enforcement for the right for these copyrighted systems to be forgotten on search engines. We threaten the rulebreakers with massive fines and prison time. But when it comes to REAL people. People who can have their lives completely changed with wrong/very negative information about them being accessible everywhere we do nothing. It's just fascinating. I know. That's exactly my point. If you have enough money you will be able to take down any information of yourself you don't want under the guise of DMCA or related copyright laws. I'm still pissed off we didn't get encrypted SNI in TLS 1.3 It would've broken so many dpi based censorship systems in countries like Iran, Turkey, and Russia. This is fantastic and amazing to hear. Thank you!