i'm a member at the MeFi too, and agree that even that little fee helps keep the morons out (the odd misguided marketing twit notwithstanding). Want proof? Check this out: http://www.thatsaspicymeatball.com/comments/ Compares the latest MeFi comments with the latest Youtube comments :) what if someone comes in to ruin the fun, and just keeps hitting the "reject" button on perfectly good responses? How about a flagging option, like "flag this as spam". Lately, /newest is being used more and more to flog whatever site (currently web design in newcastle upon tyne, of all things) Doesn't Yahoo as a company own part of its own shares? My guess would be that MS would've bought those shares. Also, I would've thought an infallible deity such as yourself would know correct syntax: "where would the money have gone to" ;) that site seems to be under construction...? what's an "mm"? mega millions? :D MM in roman numerals would be 2000 knee-jerk, much? "is php becoming like every other language?" Maybe that's for the better. It'd give everyone using the language a nice reprieve from the usual "hurr lawl php kiddie language!" trolls. "so is it good for fast scripting but poor for real programming" Yes to the first part, and a warning to the last part: What constitutes "real programming" is a question of definition, and here be dragons, as such discussions almost always devolve into "my [favourite] is better than [your favourite]". There seems to be ample amounts of hatred for PHP here, leading me to believe that either a) people here have never met a GOOD php developer, or b) a minority of users here enjoy the "my favourite scripting language is more obscure than yours" circle-jerk bugsear.ch :D Web 3.0 will mark the return (revenge?) of the enterprisey, faceless corporation. Their numbers will be legion, and to be recognized by their bevelly, drop-shadowed logomarks. Thanks, but no thanks. Yeah.. what's this with "Right now"? I suppose you could get the latest nightly (or go look up which nightly they've considered as the 3.0 final), but this is just shoddy journalism. Slow news day at webmonkey? Fatal error: Maximum execution time of 30 seconds exceeded in /var/www/taggl.net/www.taggl.net/_data/all.api.inc on line 223 Cos it's based on IE, one of the worst browsers available. "Gets you thinking huh..." No, not really. i like how, if you block the cookie, the whole site just fails to load. Why do I have to be logged in to edit the list of stocks? Your site should be ranked according to its content, and subsequent relevancy to what visitors are searching for. Not according to Latest SEO Trick #29832 that you* read somewhere. (* "you" not meaning you personally, of course) Maybe try http://www.scivee.tv , which touts itself as "provid[ing] community tools for researchers of all levels to share their science, connect with their peers, and respond to scientific data. Researchers can see and hear scientists describe their scientific research, join specific interest communities, participate in scientific discussions, and create a comprehensive multimedia representation of their own research." font-family: monospace; background-color: #fff5c7; color: #000; padding:1em; border:1px solid #ffe87d; line-height:1.5; "It is better to explicitly list the fonts that best match the body text before monospace." What does that even mean? And I chose monospace only as not everyone has Consolas or Andale Mono installed. As for the line-height: I went for a balance between easy legibility and still getting lots of text in the space. But I guess it's up to the OP to fiddle with the spacing issues. Let me introduce you to bookmarklets, specifically the "zap" bookmarklets: https://www.squarefree.com/bookmarklets/zap.html one problem right off the bat with dibs.net is that, as with seemingly 100% of US-based sites relying on geo-location information, it fails horribly outside of the (US-based) developer's market: I'm currently in Lucerne, central Switzerland, yet it put me in Emmen, a sleepy suburb north of Lucerne. Edit: A quick re-test with the google map thingy shows me that dibs.net doesn't even want to know about Lucerne, and instead is fixated on suburbs and villages around Lucerne :( My advice: Until there's some magical geolocation service that works 100% all of the time, don't offer it. I know I can change it on your site, but many many many people won't be doing that. A better design for Craigslist has already been done here: http://craigslist.thebignoob.com/ You said it: Nearly identical. But in Europe, and more so in Switzerland where distances aren't so vast as in the US, 4.4km is "far away". Sounds silly, but it's true. As for "my issue", it's the fact that I'm in more or less dead-central Lucerne, yet I can't for the life of me get the google maps widget to interact with your geolocation script to show "Lucerne". It gives me "Within 0 miles of" and then a list of suburbs and villages just outside of Lucerne: Emmen (4km away), Horw (about the same distance), Kriens (just outside of Lucerne), and Weggis, which is about 20km further down and on the other side of the lake! :D My experience with Java is that the bosses of MegaCorp Inc. see banks & insurances using it, so it must be good. The result is cost on the project being multiplied by, oh, a factor of 10, and the release date pushed back to sometime next leap year. hey there, YH buddy :D i'll go ahead and put the SA forums (forums.somethingawful.com) out there. A ton of IT pros, most of the subforums are not filled with the cliché'd "SA goon" crap, and it costs $5 per user account, keeping many many morons out. And yes, I have stairs in my house. a link would be good...? Use the "zap" bookmarklet, found here: https://www.squarefree.com/bookmarklets/zap.html Add it to your bookmarks toolbar, and any site you use it on will turn all text into black-on-white (in fact, it gets rid of most background colors and images), remove anything flash-based, links are changed to blue & underlined, etc. That, and the fact that the article is horribly written. It's like the editor went "Holy &#!! it's 9/11 coming up! Quick, someone write an article!" half an hour before going to press. How about a "No posts on the economy and/or politics" month? Say, November? :D Anyone posting on said topics and ignoring the rule will get their karma points reset to 1. What I don't understand is, why haven't all these clever people, kicked out of the app store on spurious grounds (Apple: "it kinda sorta almost looks like something we've already done or are about to unveil"), banded together to make a simple installer for their apps, something like a jailbreaking wrapper for their app: You make your "illegal" iPhone app, stuff it thru the wrapper which then creates a .dmg installer file. Users then double-click the .dmg, the wrapper searches for your iPhone, if its not jailbroken it asks you whether you want to jailbreak it (with an option to download the latest jailbreak version), then installs the app. A few things: You position your app as a "collaborative editor", yet it took me almost two and a half minutes on the videocast to even get a look at it. I know you want to show how easy it is to sign up, but is that really necessary? You're not selling a sign-up/sign-in page, you're selling your service. Furthermore, if I were selling an app that does collaborative editing, I wouldn't harp on on the whole "revision control system" angle. It's redundant knowledge - I know it's there by seeing the amount of dates & times (and it's also briefly shown in the videocast), so I'll use it when I need it. See how Wikipedia does it: They don't go on and on about how each page has a "History". All that they do is put an "edit" button on each page or page section. Less in your face == much happier users. Next, when I read the description, I was thinking of something like MS Word, online, with multiple people working on the same document, yet it comes across as an ajax-ified blog engine: "Version 1 by Nick today at nn:nn pm" isnt really information I need staring back at me at all times. Some nit-picks: I would edit out the breathing-into-the-mic. No offense, but it's kinda grating :) And Charlie sounds kinda bored/indifferent... Want to buy or sell a used copy of On Lisp? http://www.google.com/search2001/search?hl=en&q=%22Paul+... How did this make the front page? A list of mostly basic advice (Semantic URLs? Really?), riddled with spelling mistakes, and a smattering of django-specific stuff thrown in for padding? maybe the answer lies in the facts that a) django isn't a company, and b) the DSF has these members: http://www.djangoproject.com/foundation/ What ever happened to those Steorn dudes? why is this typo-riddled article, full of "folksy" tales, on the front page? "save money and reinvest profits"? is that so, cap'n obvious? :D i misread the title and thought that at least one of the "Big Three" had finally gotten it, and was starting to make SMART-size cars. Dang. i heartily recommend Mischa McLachlan, http://www.zyotism.com/ BLINK still works in mozilla-based browsers, afaik I think once Google's tactics become too nasty, we should all have a "Block Google" month, editing our robots.txt to block Google for one month. The less data they have, the less they'll be able to ram ads down our throats. They probably only show it for supported OSes... I'm on a Mac, and since there's no "official" port yet, there's no Chrome adverts. Probably the same for every non-Windows OS. You could use PHPMyAdmin: Go to the "export" tab and use the "Save as file" option The company I work at is using it for a CMS. Drawbacks of it seem to be large initial download (Total initial download for the CMS's files is 1.1Mb, of which almost 900Kb is JS), and some stability problems after leaving it running for a day. As for the community "problem", in addition to pay-for support, there's a also lively forum and IRC channel. Not too big a fan of it, imho the benefit of using extJS seems to be a large download, and dropshadow'd floaty DHTML-windows. Meh. Try and get them in to a "gotcha" moment: The next time they ask some question already answered on the wiki, point them to it, instead of giving them the answer (unless it's critical that they need the answer RIGHT NOW). Nudge 'em to explore, and then go to the next step by telling them they can edit all and everything, and add new pages. Fox News? Really? On HN? Then again, once Google gets wind of this scheme, Mahalo's pages will be listed somewhere around, oh, page 50. No, they're not doing that, it's Firefox's pre-fetching that does that. It's fetching parts of the linked sites, and in doing so, the site is trying to set a cookie. Google has nothing to do with this. the freehackers union? http://freehackersunion.org/joining.html Apparently, they're having some trouble with the server load: http://twitter.com/jeresig/status/1288325448 (either that, or their server really IS on fire...?) It seems that statcounter was having trouble figuring out Opera usage, check out the wild swings in this graph: http://gs.statcounter.com/#browser-RU-daily-20080701-2009030... Either IE dropped by 15% overnight, last September (with Opera taking those 15%), or SC figured a way around Opera's IE cloaking. Or maybe a new version of Opera came out that had Opera set by default as its UA string? Anyone know? That's bizarre, considering Skype already has built-in hooks for the police force to use I've noticed the whole "posting-links-for-links'-sake" happening too; lately, the front page has, at most times, at least one link to Seth Godin's blog, and many times multiple links to techcrunch. My "solution"? Skim the front page, and spend more time on /newest instead. There you have a wider range of topics, but they're also easier to filter: The usual gaggle of amateurish SEO attempts with rolex/viagra/holiday-home/tourist sites, some repeats from the front page, but for the most part, fresh & interesting stuff that barely makes the front page any more. Works for me. "install microsoft silverlight ↓" well, no. So Bruce, are you just getting into the SEO business and trying to link "Fennec" to "mobile browsers", or are there more than one browser shown at this link? :( Sorta, kinda: http://spellbound.sourceforge.net/requests (search for bookmarklet) The steps seem to be: 1) Install Spellbound 2) Hit the bookmarklet to set the whole page to designMode 3) Start SpellBound Sounds like a case of the bad ol' "I'm the boss here!"-style 'administrating', eg. some grizzled unix wizard knows only HIS way of doing things, that's automatically the way things SHOULD be done, these young whippersnappers'n their fancy GUI-driven installers, get off my lawn etc. All they have to show for themselves is a flawlessly running system, which, to Those That Make The Decisions, is all that counts. I too could've sworn that handwriting analysis was some wishy-washy pseudo-science. I remember watching a TV program on the subject here in Switzerland; they had the head of the Swiss psychology assocation on, with him basically stating that it's a feel-good construct for PHBs wanting to sound important (this was in the context of whether you should apply for a job with a hand-written letter, or a typed letter; it was the early 90s...) :) outtati.me (and many other *ti.me possibilities) april fools? maybe what's needed is a digg-style site that tracks headlines & the body of a news article, and rates the truth of said articles according to what the users vote. Well, that's not exactly what I meant. What I mean is a site that ONLY cares about the truth of a linked news item, and has options that warn ppl of what the OP was talking about, eg. "This article is one-sided, see comments" I've just time-travelled back to China of the mid-1940s, and returned with this top-secret intelligence report from their spies: "The US is set to get an increased say at the IMF. It seems willing to put in the capital required to shore up the international financial institution, and so will have earned its place at the top table. However, we question what the US will do with this new power. If events in Asia this week are anything to go by, we should be worried. Clearly, the US is using its influence at multilateral institutions as a means of furthering its strategic and military goals. In this case, it is trying to force a democratic country (Iran) to relinquish its oil. We wonder what future bullying may be in store for the other countries of Asia (or the world) that don’t comply with the US’ political views on topics it deems off limits such as Cuba, South America or Moscow. Will countries whose private citizens invite Fidel Castro to visit suddenly find their banks cut off from vital financing? To date, the US has generally been accommodating in its dealings with the West. We believe this is because it regards itself in a weaker position. When it comes to countries that the US believes are weaker, it has shown that it has no hesitation to resort to pushing its weight around. The US’s ascension in the ranks of world financial institutions may be inevitable. But China, and the West in general, need to make it abundantly clear from the outset that such type of behavior is not acceptable. If the US wants to be respected as a world leader, it needs to start acting like one." CRAZY! One thing that I immediately saw: You seem to be sorting the currency dropdown on the frontpage according to the country's name. Which isn't listed. So instead of making me hunt for "CHF" (I'm in Switzerland), sort the list alphabetically. Seems a no-brainer to me. Also, please don't play favourites: "USD" should not be the top-most, active currency in that dropdown. I just kicked Norton of my wife's Vista PC, thanks to Norton's own "Norton Removal Tool". I'd like to know what your definition of "common-sense anti-virus protection" is, though. Apart from "don't download/install anything from untrusted places". How about we keep with the intellectual stuff around here, and make 'em answer math captchas. Using latin numerals. eg, what's LV + IV? Answer has to be given in latin numerals, too. Unless you mention specifics (which site), you're probably gonna be downvoted This is top of the new page, why? I don't mean to snark, but with this, and IBM's developer community site making the front page, is someone gaming the system here? Correct usage of HTML tags to embed java applets? Seriously? :-/ That's not really the answer I was looking for, I realized it was the submitter's own site. I'm wondering how all these sub-par sites are making the front page. I'm just waiting for one of those links to google's homepage that the spammers use makes it to the front page. They just switched to a new layout, maybe it has something to do with that? I have this odd feeling that we're being taken for a ride here, like it's some big marketing stunt, and next week they'll release the game to much fanfare. Has anyone actually checked for their bankruptcy filings? Is it illegal for (private?) companies to make claims of bankruptcies, if its purely for marketing purposes? First thing that'll happen is that shady SEO ppl would find ways to mess with it. Followed by the devs locking it down, itunes-app-store-application-style, and everyone will gripe. And then go back to using Google. i think that was the point: Astalavista is also an IT security company, yet they can't even keep themselves from being hacked in every way possible, using the simplest of prepackaged exploits available. Just seconding this: Show people something , not a picture of 2 people and a link to someone's blog, challenging me to sign up. Yes, and "not giving a shit" gave us the fun we had with GIF89 (Will Compuserve shut down the web?!?), various incompatible video formats (Real, AVI, etc.), so this time around, giving a shit might save us from having to go thru all that again. Or just surf around with firebug installed. Then: right-click the text area, choose "inspect element", then right-click the DIV its in, in Firebugs code area, then add this attribute: style="line-height:1.5; font-family: Lucida Grande; width:50%; margin:0 auto" (asp.net's ridiculous CSS is a bit trickier, but that CSS snippet usually gets most sites up to readability scratch) Oh, and a poor man's arc90 readability thing can be found with the "zap annoyances" bookmarklets: https://www.squarefree.com/bookmarklets/zap.html No distractions would be lovely. Currently, I'm "enjoying" the following in our open-plan offices: - Cellphones w/annoying ringtones going off every 10 mins (I don't care if you're the company's sales guy/gal who needs to be reachable every second of the day) - Impromptu meetings in the hallways - Obligatory foghorn-voiced American employee yacking on the landline - Resulting volume increase of person on the cellphone, person on the land line, persons in their impromptu meeting just outside the office door The obvious answer is "get your own office", but that's not likely to happen. Chip on my shoulder, what? "We are currently working to support your operating system (please check back in a few weeks). In the meantime, to enter Wiki-OS, please navigate to this website using Windows XP, Windows Vista, or Windows 7." Seriously? Like, really seriously? You guys like irony, yes? Fix major problems first (yes, this really IS a major problem), THEN re-submit. For the third time. And another Zürich-based (well, Dübendorf, but it's near enough, hey?) HN reader chiming in. Soon to be Washington DC. May I ask you to expand on your questions? 1. PHP & RoR both offer "quick" development time (timed to what, though?) 2. Define hassle-free development? As for deployment, surely that's in your hands as to where you want to deploy? PHP has wider deployment (usually available with Apache-based server hosting) 3. The UI has little to do with the underlying, server-side technology (if I understand your question; besides, "cool-looking" is very subjective) 4. Lower learning curve than what? i'm at 250 and can't downmod. I'd suggest he tries using Lotus Notes' built-in "search". If there was ever a more useless function, it's LN's pathetic attempt at searching for stuff. It'll find stuff to every search term you enter! Just nothing that a) contains that search term, and b) resembles anything you wanted to find. flagged... one thing is the kinda surreptitious way they try to get you to adopt silverlight: "hey, did you know [insert major sporting/cultural/political event] is available as a streaming download? BUT! You have to install silverlight first" plus, i think many ppl in the more tech-savvy crowd are left wondering why they have to install a plugin for stuff that's already "solved", namely Flash. so basically a site where you can share user-made checklists? a wikipedia of checklists? spam, that's what. your website doesn't seem to work without cookies i vote for blogging it, and NOT posting a link to that blog on HN. wow, i got downvoted :) sorry i didn't reply earlier. for some reason, i thought there was some (un)written rule of not linking to your own stuff, like on metafilter and other sites. I checked the HN guidelines again and didn't see any such rule. That mix-up was the reason for my "and DON'T post it to HN" line. Sorry for the snark, and maybe just post it with a small intro text in the HN post? It's fairly popular as a "drop-in" wysiwyg editor in custom-made CMSes, afaik. The first thing that came to mind is that it's waaaaay too wordy for the front page of a product you're trying to sell. "Automatically adds authentication bar with username and logout link to all protected html pages" Could be changed to: "Adds login bar to all of your website's pages" (It's implied that since this is helping me do something, it'd better be doing this automatically.) The three lines about API, SOAP & REST could be summarized in one line: "Multiple interfaces & authentication methods (API, SOAP, REST)" etc. Plus, I'm not sure whether you want to announce stuff still in development, cf. Osbourne Effect: http://is.gd/2Q0x9 . I'd remove the "Lite", call that your base version, and when you're ready, announce the Pro EnterPrise Solution Version ;) he's prolly a spammer (check age of account) stop spamming already... seem to have a bit of a chip on their shoulder wrt the iphone: http://is.gd/2X6U4 I use Dreamhost, cos all my stuff is non-mission-critical (that said, I think I've had maybe 2 long-term outages with them)