Yeah you're not alone there, the stupid idea that windows now needs to be fully tablet capable without a keyboard to the detriment of everyone else using it normally. Literally making the interface less informative and adding clicks, waiting and gestures to achieve actions that should've been a single point and click. I call it the "BIG BATAN" ideology, as everything needs to be a clean oversized button without any extra options or functionality. Stupid mobile OS features creeping into desktop for no good reason. I swear if MS eventually removes the don't group fallback I'm finally ditching Win for KDE and never coming back. Everyone asks how to build a search engine with Ruby on Rails, but nobody asks why build a search engine with Ruby on Rails... The real question: is it really mightier than the SWORD So it just needs subsidies to be economical then. I suppose this is a bad time to mention that commercial airlines would all have to close down years ago if it wasn't for the tax free fuel they get to use. If something's useful enough we can make it happen regardless. Manatee farms when? There was this Veratasium video recently about this very thing, apparently boredom is indeed crucial for creativity. So in a sense, cultured people like cultured meat. That's fantastic, someone ought to integrate this with Mycroft, stat. Yeah, besides Tesla has been collecting data for like a decade now, I'm sure they have enough of it to make a robust enough system for the US at large, especially with their Dojo training chip. At the end of the day it just needs to be better than the average human, and that's frankly not the highest bar unfortunately. To be frank, the lane keeping ADAS has been out for years and most car manufacturers offer such a thing on their high end models. Usually radar supported and pretty reliable from what I hear. Perhaps it's not the best idea to use these more advanced Level 4 systems in the densest city yet, but most of driving does usually happen on highways and regional roads so it's not a major loss. I'm sure someone will eventually figure out how to detect "eyyy im walkin eer" and honk back automatically, and then it should be usable in NY as well. > versions of AI that are hidden from the public both private and military I do think you overestimate how much the military has its shit together. These systems need gigantic amounts of driving data to train and nobody else has that aside from car manufacturers with their fleets. And out of those Tesla is the one that's been doing it the longest. Yeah the majority of the pushback probably comes from people over expecting what the system should do from overzealous marketing, but the tech is slowly getting there regardless. Whoever says the software flat out doesn't perform either hasn't been keeping up with development or has other motives. Tell me the difference between fraud and hype and I'll have the games industry arrested. I'm not happy with human drivers doing that either, but it does seem to happen. And that is after all the real life benchmark. Or perhaps.. aspergers? Which Elon does have. Yall are placing way too much emphasis on an outburst of an autist with a medical disorder. Or get this, we could walk and never get into a car crash! Well I do think it's very possible if not certain that they have unusually advanced systems that have been kept secret, but I would expect them to be in the areas they actually have data for. As in security cameras, finances, cell tower data, etc. Facial and gait recognition, location tracking, etc. far beyond anything commercially available. But I'd doubt they have an AGI behind closed doors :P Meanwhile Python: "Yeah if you could rewrite your entire codebase every few years because of some changes nobody fuckin asked for, yeah that would be great. Oh and by the way, we're dropping support for non-latest versions of the language lmao." Always ask string return questions, got it. He's right though, there are lots of articles being written by bots even in print these days, not being able to tell the difference between a somewhat bad writer and a bot is what makes them viable. And the tech just keeps getting better every day. Same goes for cars, it's not a thing until it is. Looking forward to that Mad Max sequel. "Where is your god now?" "Right behind you." Just stick a Starlink antenna on it, dummies. /s But how do they pay the gas fees? :P American Express Ireland: chuckles "I'm in danger" This is literally their entire economy lmao. These absurd speeds result in a significant amount of aerodynamic heating, so assuming the booster is simply not shielded much it'll likely disintegrate in seconds after being detached and no longer in the missile's shadow. Well it's widely known that Dr. Evil outsourced his sharks with laser beams to IBM, that makes sense to me. The thing about decentralized things though... they tend to be nigh impossible to effectively ban. People still have journalistic integrity these days? Now that's a real joke. When has the will of the people ever effected what politicians do? Well given how absurdly big the difference is, and the main thing he did was render on demand instead of 7000fps I think he has a good reason to be condescending and they totally deserve it for wasting millions of people's time with this shit. You call for a referendum, and block all Murdoch media for a few months before it. > In 2016–17, foreign firms paid 80% of Irish corporate tax, employed 25% of the Irish labour force (paid 50% of Irish salary tax), and created 57% of Irish OECD non-farm value-add. As of 2017, 25 of the top 50 Irish firms were U.S.–controlled businesses, representing 70% of the revenue of the top 50 Irish firms. (Wikipedia) Are you sure about that? If the EU enforces what they preach and Ireland loses its tax haven state they could lose a huge chunk of their GDP. Well it sure is the place to find out for sure. They've already disrupted facebook, run! Siri can't start an outdoor walk, silly. She doesn't have legs. Well I've been thoroughly nerd sniped by that game, so much for a productive Tuesday. IPv9 is where it's at. > $6.9 million in emotional damages Elon probably saw that number and was like "nice". Yeah now it's just a matter of time till someone makes a dock for it that isn't 1 square mile in area: https://www.raspberrypi.com/products/compute-module-4-io-boa... . Doesn't sound like this kind of complicated string eval would be able to do 1000Hz but then again I also have no clue where you could possibly need that for a snake game. On an oscilloscope you'd need to produce vector lines to move from/to right? Also when it comes to video game addiction it's always just psychological addiction, not actual physical addiction. Often correlated with stress or boredom, and when that's removed it's usually not too hard to adjust back from what I've seen. HAHA WHAT DO YOU MEAN, FELLOW HUMAN? Leo: "If you take a cookie I will be forced to add one full day to your sentence." Probably can't start in Netscape Navigator either, the audacity. To be fair, they were using extremely hard water so the lead quickly accumulated a layer of calcium carbonate which made them mostly safe to use. Well the why makes it far easier to make the process repeatable, so yes it matter a lot. I think the wrong assumption here is that we humans are completely fine with teflon overheating on the other hand. PFAS chemicals released really do mess with just about everything and anything in our body, the results just aren't seen on short time scales. We really should be taking steps towards a worldwide ban of this yet another asbestos-ass miracle material which sounds too good to be true because well, it is. Can we get one supplement pill that merges all of those that need to be consumed? Kthx. An annual production of 600 GWh worth of batteries, that will be mostly used in vehicles. For reference, annual EU power production is roughly 2778000 GWh, it's a drop in an ocean. Li-Ions are frankly a terrible solution for grid storage, pumped hydro is the only thing that makes sense on these scales. So we can all look forward to a reboot of space cadet on Windows 11 with lootboxes and microtransactions? Any search engine except google itself is a joke site at this point, there's no way for any company to reach that level of collected data and subsequently extracted heuristics. They have a huge head start and will just collect more in the time a new company will take to get to the same level. Looked up "javascript" and it found a total of like 4 results in my entire country. I think this thing needs some time to get meaningful data before it becomes useful. It's like a search engine without anything indexed yet. Fuck yeah, IKEA reactors for the win! > No one wants to try nuclear for reals because people are frightened of it and world governments don't have an economic interest in building more nuclear Well it's also worth noting that it's become like that because of the oil lobby's decades of scaremongering and the oversupply of natural gas which makes those plants the most profitable choice. But still it's mostly a NIMBY problem. If smaller, mass produced, gen 4 reactors could be set up in some uninhabited areas we'd basically solve all that. It's not the first and likely not the last, regardless of what draconian measures they implement. It's a high profile job and the danger comes with it. If you're the one writing laws for everyone to follow, it's highly likely that many people will want you dead. It's a "fun" fact that US presidents have a nearly 20% death rate for example. Eh, there's a difference between giving okay results and the ones you need in every possible case. Kind of how it's easy to make a robot that works 80% of the time for some task but the 99.999% of the time is the challenging bit. Which effectively means you have to go open google when the thing won't give you what you need after a few failed searches and some wasted time. Like Yahoo and Bing may be alright, with their aggregators like DDG giving even slightly better results, but it still falls short of the big G. You can be good, but you will never be better. Yeah I think with natural causes it's 18.something percent. Practice makes perfect haha From what I gather it was just a radiation caused software glitch that momentarily shut it down. > Integral has since remained under control, and from 27 September all systems are back online. Since 1 October, after an extended checkout, its instruments are back observing the high energy Universe. Seems like they're back in shape. As a comparison the Kepler telescope had 4 wheels, of which 2 eventually completely failed and they managed to get it into a neutrally stable orientation that could be managed with just the two and some thruster assistance. Until RCS ran out that is. 3 are generally the minimum you'd need to orient yourself in 3 axis, as one might expect. It took them way too long to switch over from the initial "sell electrics only to a niche crowd that wants to be unique", leading to absolutely ugly cars like the BMW i3 and whatever Citroen calls their abominations. Check the top selling electric car list and it's all normal looking cars with electric drivetrains. It wasn't just the production that messed up, but also the design and marketing department. > not having the same agility More like for not being able to port their cobol-ass running UI for anything but the one target chip it was developed for lmao. Yeah to those still adamant about it, if you've ever used a: - function call - if sentence - any kind of loop You've used a GOTO under the hood. I hope you can live with yourself, you monster :) At least that's what they tell us the design was for. Calls on puts you say? Isn't it more like Ireland, Dublin specifically? Rust is like the graphene of programming languages. So many articles of people doing something profound with it, it is supposedly better than all the rest in every way, but it still can't leave the "lab". Has anyone actually replaced one of the major ones (i.e. Java, C++, Node, C#) in a large production project with it yet? What's holding people back? Damn, they tagged half of all github users for review. Or they only let you turn off tracking for google products, because those track you internally anyway and it makes no difference, while there's no way to turn off 3rd party tracking... I'm sure a global effort will increase the offensively small fine to a medium sized fine. Google: "This is fine." They print money at an astonishing rate with AdSense. It would sure be helpful if they took some effort to focus less on adding crazy new stuff every 2 days and instead on maintaining older versions for a change. Maintaining a python dependant system these days is an absolute nightmare, at least with C++ you know that new compilers will be backwards compatible, gah. Until your LTS OS gets to end of life and you need to switch to the next one which conveniently deprecates old python versions so you have to rewrite everything. I think the medical data example is interesting. Right now where I live medical records are kept in physical cardboard form only in the name of patient confidentiality. So in effect if you go to a new doctor, or get into the ER unconscious they'll have no on-hand data on who you are, what are your allergies or pre-existing conditions. They might actually accidentally kill you over privacy ideals. "It's not face recognition, it's a gait and hair identification system! We're breaking no laws..." Well if you're using ROS, you get to choose between the two extremes of C++ or Python. It would be great if everything was in C++ to be sure, but ain't nobody got time for that, especially not the cheap results-quickly company I work at. I am Jack's complete lack of surprise coughs up Tatooine sand I don't know what you mean. Also don't walk rhythmically, it attracts Krayt dragons. Though SW does present itself in a more fun and relaxed manner, I'm sure Dune would take itself more seriously if it were possible, but it probably actually isn't by the laws of physics. So the trick is to first learn all the world's languages, and then go read it? > An essential fact of the Dune universe — but one that goes unmentioned in the movie — is that there are no computers. Around 10,000 years before the events of Dune, a mass galactic revolt — the Butlerian Jihad — against “thinking machines” ended in a new commandment, adopted by the universe’s many religious sects: “Man may not be replaced.” That part is very interesting, I wonder why it wasn't ever mentioned. It explains SO MANY things. I was mostly kidding, I also speak English as a second language. It's just the mild gripe that using foreign words as made up words that aren't made up words is a workaround hack for this issue https://xkcd.com/483 Like the characters in a fictional sci-fi story 20k years in the future obviously aren't speaking the language you're reading the story in. It just feels like bad translation. Yep, that's mostly what I'm talking about as you said with Nightfall. It's often unnecessary for its own sake imo. It's true that Dune is based on that, but languages don't really stay the same. Middle English from 500 years ago is barely readable today. Latin was transformed into French, Spanish, Italian, etc. in a mere 2000 years. None of us can really imagine what would happen in 10 times the timespan, especially with cultures living very separated on different planets which would lead to different dialects and eventually completely separate languages over time. It would still be rooted in the same principle, so the languages wouldn't be completely alien but they sure wouldn't be possible to understand for someone living today. And you could make the same case for other inventions. Hammers in 1860 looked like hammers. In 1880? Same thing. In 1900? Same old hammers. 1920? 2020? Yep you guessed it, still a hammer. Some things are invented and then perfected to a point where you can't really improve them much in a cost effective way. That doesn't mean that new stuff isn't being discovered and worked on at the same or faster rate. I think you're making a flawed extrapolation here, because the space race and the cold war overly inflated the pace of progress in space at the time. With the meagre funding that has remained since the end of that there has been pretty good progress so far. Well blender just did that exact thing going from 2.7 to 2.8 recently, although it was at least somewhat justified. But now that they've reworked it it doesn't make sense to do it again any time soon. Well that's stock on both Debian and Ubuntu still, right? It's more of a question why they haven't replaced it either. > The (sadly all too) common approach to rarely occurring bugs & edge cases: Pretend like the problem doesn't exist. Blame it on faulty networking, solar flares, etc. How to tell if someone hasn't been working with a piece of software in production yet? They've never blamed a bug on cosmic radiation yet :D And they probably still are, along with the rest of the models. Assuming you're actually the one driving them that is, and not a broken ass camera. I think he's referring to the naive idea that stock prices in general are somehow influenced by what a company is doing and are not pure speculation. I think that's partially how the education edition is supposed to be used, but I've never actually seen it happen. I've never seen people social engineer codebase maintainers into patching them an exploit into it, that was absolutely brilliant. Maybe someone can make the backend run on a blockchain and it's settled. It's still a pretty shit system. A good system would have more than 2 people and instant runoff. And I assume those 2,609 were then charged and went to prison right? Right? Ah who am I kidding. Well running as a republican would mean he's a member of and supports the republican party, is that not how that works? Otherwise one would run as an independent. If you associate yourself with a group that's known to be scum then that will reflect badly on you regardless of your actual character. I think it's more like $276/month, according to: https://www.cryptocompare.com/mining/calculator/eth?HashingP... Sure, a wide tent with many people that seem to be fine with an insurrection, gerrymandering and throwing democracy under the bus every possible chance given. It's not a race you're born into, it's a centralized entity you can chose to be a part of. I'm sorry, after the recent few years they've lost all remaining credibility. And quite the opposite, it reinforces the idea that they don't need to remember it so they never will. Like twitch's unexpected open source offsite code backup. Name two things that go better together, Python devs and breaking shit that has no reason to be broken. There are, of course, various export limitations on that technology.