I am really excited about the future possibilities of this platform. I've been playing with the alpha server this weekend, and Kenton is basically working on the future I've been picturing, the next iteration of web services. The way it was already designed, it was incredibly easy to port to Sandstorm. Like, I think I changed three or four lines of code tops to get it working? You can't really integrate this into ownCloud well, since it's an entirely PHP based piece of software. And a lot of places ownCloud currently works (shared/reseller hosting) won't work with EtherCalc. Check out sandstorm.io though. (There's another comment about it above.) I got EtherCalc working on it pretty easily, and I think it really IS a killer Google Docs replacement. :D Honestly, it kinda scares me how many companies are willing to transmit and store proprietary corporate data over random cloud services these days. Changed it how? Google has since tossed XMPP integration for their whole closed platform Hangouts thing, MSN's old halfway-API-able thing has been integrated into Skype, which is entirely closed, I believe. AIM and YIM are all but dead, at this point. Personally, I think copyleft licenses are somewhat abusive by nature. It's not really making a contribution to society if you leave a bunch of strings attached to tell people how they can use it. Plus, for a new platform like Sandstorm to be able to meet as many use cases as possible, it does need to be something that corporations can actually build business models and proprietary systems on top of as well. I've thought about this sort of thing for a long time, it's always been possible, but I think the corporate cloud companies have distinctly tried to prevent anyone from realizing it. The cloud era has led users to sacrifice so many freedoms they never even realized they lost, making compromises they never should've been forced to. Well, it's kinda an Alpha. Goes without saying, doesn't it? One of the Sandstorm devs is already working on porting Diaspora. pump.io has been mentioned as a possible thing to port. The primary idea being that open source web apps can be used without having to be a server admin. Non-technical users can install apps on a Sandstorm server as easily as installing apps on their phone. Sarien: It's not allowed to talk to the outside world except through Sandstorm via specific APIs. Ghost is a blogging platform! https://ghost.org/ I've ported apps to Sandstorm with literally no prior experience with the languages those apps were written in. Porting to Sandstorm involves more deleting stuff you don't need than actually writing code yourself. :D I've been using TinyTinyRSS on Sandstorm for a while. It even has a mobile app that works with Sandstorm's API. (Though it's a fork, not the official Play Store version.) That sort of thing is definitely well in the scope of apps that'd be good to port to Sandstorm. There's a lot of basic apps the platform still needs. Bepasty in particular sounds like a really neat potential app that can just provide "file containers". I've been moving my Drive sheets over to EtherCalc on Sandstorm and all of my new documents I write on Etherpad for Sandstorm. Draw.io also just released for Sandstorm, which is one of Google Drive's original third party apps. The issue there is that ownCloud and Sandstorm share a lot of goals and functionality. Both are meant to be app platforms in a respect. And both are meant to organize your personal data. Since Sandstorm wants every file to be a granular document, putting the entirely of ownCloud in a file would be kinda odd. It'll likely happen sooner or later though. Yup. Holding a ten-year grudge against Microsoft is going to bite people in the end. I read an old blog post recently, that Google published in 2009. It felt like a eulogy of the company I once adored: http://googleblog.blogspot.com/2009/12/meaning-of-open.html A lot of this is bad technology choice. The new hipster smart bulbs are a doomed technology, they were a bad idea from the start. Try INSTEON, buddy. The obsession over Bluetooth-this and WiFi-that continually drives me crazy. Home automation companies aren't investing in the sort of technologies we NEED because they're more focused on the sort of technologies they can SELL. It's about time. The government used to accept overwriting a hard drive several times with random bits as an acceptable wipe. Then they changed to insisting destroying a hard drive was the only solution. Now we know why. ;) "All the processing happens within the SlideMail app itself." Kudos to this. Bunch of scammers like Google try convincing you they HAVE to have your data for these things to be possible. The way it was closed was suspicious enough for me to wonder if they were driven to close by the government because it was one of the methods they couldn't crack efficiently. The MARA agreement Google mandates is very anti-competitive. It protects some services by mandating their inclusion in order to get others. Google now mandates almost 20 apps be packaged on devices, when the manufacturer really only wants the Play Store. Both of these things being intentional choices to develop crippled hardware that's reliant on proprietary services. A huge disservice to consumers. I think the walled garden approach that Apple, Google, and Microsoft all ascribe to is definitely anti-competitive at it's core, and I truly hope more governments will start addressing it as such. Heh, gotta love the folks downvoting anyone who criticizes Google. ;) Real classy, folks. There's a big difference between just storing and routing it, and processing every line and generating personal profiles off of it. o_o And for the appropriate meta: Folks who downvote anyone who points out they're downvoting people for criticizing Google. ;) It's not just pressure. They outright cut you off. You cannot ship Google Androids and non-Google Androids. It's part of the MARA. So do you know more about the sudden "TrueCrypt is not secure" thing ( http://www.theregister.co.uk/2014/05/28/truecrypt_hack/ ) and can say definitively why the creators did that? Behavior which Google also practices? Heck, the original Nexus 7 even includes a "join Google+" step in it's initial device setup. o_o Well, in addition to the actual basis of the case indeed being "tying" with regards to Internet Explorer, whether you like it or not, being tame compared to Google's voracity for the same behavior, forcing 20 apps to be tied on Android devices. They do indeed form restrictive licensing agreements with OEMs. Through the MARA, anyone who dares create an Android device that doesn't have Google's blessing is permanently cut off from Google services. Google's APIs no doubt favor their own services over competitors, where many features of synergistic behavior between services exist which are not represented in their public API. And Google has absolute intent on continuing these practices. New marketing campaigns and shilled blog articles regularly advertise about the brilliance of their current direction, and they continue to add more and more restrictions on OEMs with every passing year. (Using "Underlying these disputes were questions over whether Microsoft altered or manipulated its application programming interfaces (APIs) to favor Internet Explorer over third party web browsers, Microsoft's conduct in forming restrictive licensing agreements with original equipment manufacturers (OEMs), and Microsoft's intent in its course of conduct." from the Wikipedia article as a source for the other parts of the Microsoft case. Note the article clearly defines the IE tying issue as the principal claim.) I read your other comments on the project. And most of what you are conveying seems to be about the audit project specifically, which you're involved in. My particular curiosity is about that announcement, and whether or not it was a government attempt to discredit a likely very effective product. Google Play/Apps. They're pushing more and more apps to be dependent on "Play Services", which is a monolithic Google cloud data platform. It ensures a large percentage of appealing apps are dependent on Google's platform, rather than the open source Android OS. Furthermore, the use of the MARA contract forbids OEMs from introducing any viable competitors into the market. http://www.wsj.com/articles/SB100008723963904447090045776523... and various other articles on the same incident. OHA members are required to agree not to ship devices running Android forks. I'd be happy to pay for good private email service. But of course, Google doesn't offer it. Because offering that sort of option would be a much more obvious admission of how much they rifle through your data as an income source. My issue is not that they offer a business relationship where they use your data for money, my issue is how shady they are about it. Yes, one spelling issue. Sorry, the MADA isn't discussed frequently (because Google's pretty good at keeping it out of the public eye), so I spelled it wrong. The issue is that the Play Store is tied to 20 other apps. In a fashion that violates both laws here in the United States and in other countries abroad. MADA restrictions mandate Google Search be the default search provider, and that the long press on the center button goes to Google Search. And that over 20 apps must be preinstalled with a Google folder on the home screen with many of them in it. Ensuring every device must be sold with very prominent advertising of Google services. This creates a very chilling effect on the ability for competitors to land on the platform, as at best, they'll be an unwanted second service on the device. And similarly, Google is extending it's monopoly over the Play Store app market to try to grow monopolies over other major online industries like movies and music by requiring those apps be shipped aboard. Certain tying arrangements are illegal in the United States under both the Sherman Antitrust Act,[2] and Section 3 of the Clayton Act.[3] A tying arrangement is defined as "an agreement by a party to sell one product but only on the condition that the buyer also purchases a different (or tied) product, or at least agrees he will not purchase the product from any other supplier."[4] Tying may be the action of several companies as well as the work of just one firm. Success on a tying claim typically requires proof of four elements: (1) two separate products or services are involved; (2) the purchase of the tying product is conditioned on the additional purchase of the tied product; (3) the seller has sufficient market power in the market for the tying product; (4) a not insubstantial amount of interstate commerce in the tied product market is affected.[5] http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Tying_%28commerce%29 Assuming that the Wikipedia article is factually correct on the requirements, provisions 1, 2, 3, and 4 are all true. MADA is confidential unfortunately. (Wonder why?) And no, that incident had nothing to do with whether or not Google apps available in Aliyun's store were pirated. Acer was told they'd be removed from the OHA if they shipped Aliyun's fork of Android. Again: See the Acer/Alibaba incident. The case may actually let us see a new version of the MADA if they can require it be in public court records. Love the claim that their relationship with Superfish "isn't finanncially relevant" and that they were doing it for their users. This was the greatest part of the whole document. Absolutely freaking hilarious. I've been saying this for over a year now. They've very much reversed roles. Market dominance has a huge effect on how a company acts, and Google is acting like the old monopoly trying to hang on. Can we please not Google brand the whole internet? :( The problem is Google is coupling improvements in performance and battery life on the backend with additional bloat on the frontend with all their design/animation stuff. So we're not actually getting any real gains here. More than likely, material design bloat ate any improvements in performance or battery life introduced by backend optimizations. Compared to Holo, Material adds a lot of generated shadows and animated elements. Holo was fairly 'flat' already, and far simpler. If you criticize Google in HN, you're going to get downvoted, sadly. Lot of fanboys here. Apple was never good at security, they just weren't a big target. Now they're both bad at security AND a big target. Now you can have your entire digital life entirely routed through Google. What could possibly go wrong with that? They can see what the inbound referrer is to their page. Indeed. This is an "all your eggs in one basket" issue. Google's cloud is the most dangerous thing in the world, because it's the most tempting target in the world. All of the data about practically everyone in one place. I trust the inevitability that Google's basket will eventually have the same fate. And it will be much much worse than anything we have seen so far. Agreed. With how much is disconnected between Hangouts and XMPP federation, I don't think you can call XMPP at Google "alive". Again. Multiple baskets will always be smarter than a single basket with everything in it. Hey look, sure enough the "How dare you criticize Google?" downvoters are in full force. :) If you criticize Google here, you will get downvoted into oblivion as soon as the fanboys find your comment. Um... Google apps ARE bloat. And the number of them they require on devices just keeps increasing. Elon Musk, Bill Gates, and Stephen Hawking all agree AI research is dangerous. Google does not seem to feel there is a credible risk and is doing it anyways. Google has always done this. Take something creepy and terrifying like processing bulk amounts of your personal data for advertising purposes, and putting a clean style and a friendly demeanor on it. Got a pile of them. I keep that pile next to all of the loyalty cards I get from various stores. Do I need to ask... where are they sourcing the puppies? Also: Come work for us, we'll give you free added responsibility and medical bills! Okay, good to hear they're not buying them at such and such puppy mill stores. :) This comment, in particular, was a joke. ;) I figured they probably didn't force you to get a puppy. I mean, presumably, if you go work at Rover.com, there's a good chance you already have (at least) one. My inner statistician is ecstatic you had this information just lying around. This is the big key to open source. The proof is right there. The source is out there, so you can't turn that source evil, people can just take it and run with it around you if you try. "Hey guys, here's this payout for this lawsuit. In other news, there won't be any raises this year." I find myself asking this question. I've found it entertaining to play with. But unreliable even in the few stores that support it. And I don't want Google to have more of my info. (And they just bought out Softcard, removing that option as well.) It's kinda necessary you enforce your licensing terms, but man, I wish people would realize that GPL is an extremely nasty thing. I'm speaking in reference to truly free licenses like Apache and MIT. Incorrect. Because a lot of others can't use your code for greater benefit of everyone because it's GPL. Your code is open source, regardless of the derivative work. GPL is about forcing other developers' to release their code in order to use your code. Oops. Over a lot of varying things, I've become a lot more open to Microsoft now that they're no longer a monopoly. They can no longer be the bully they used to be. Between open sourcing major frameworks, picking up more sane licensing models on some other things, they've really turned around expectations. But just as the GPL author has the freedom to make their code available, another author should be able to choose not to make their own code available. Again, this has nothing to do with freedom, this has to do with imposing your personal beliefs on others. That is a battle that will be won or lost without either platforms' watch actually mattering. I would agree that Wear and iWatch are not really competitors, except in the heads of fanboys who want direct comparison charts. Heh, clever name (and reason for it). Welcome to the club, Apple snobs. :) It befuddles the mind that you would develop a laptop that defeats the entire point of being a thin laptop, by ensuring you must carry a bag full of adapters and dongles. The MacBook Air may fit in envelope, but does all it's cables and adapters fit in that envelope with it? Terrible design. I always felt the Atrix and this sort of modular design was the future. Google killed it heavily with their cloud-synced devices push, and Sundar Pichai killing Android's laptop development project. I love the idea of Project Ara, but with Google taking it from Motorola, I fear it's going to be locked down into proprietary services like Google does with all their products. If they can get things like processing power to be modular, so you can have your apps and data on your phone, but be able to plug in and use desktop power when plugged into a larger station, that'd be when that sort of solution would really take off. I want everything on my phone, but for that phone to access desktop level UI and processing capability when I'm at my desk. Sure, the Webtop design had implementation problems, but the concept was solid. I think it's biggest deathblow was that it was released before Android supported large screens, so it was gimped to a version of Linux with only a couple pre-installed apps, rather than the tablet UI Webtop later could provide, after the concept was already killed in future models. Yeah, the Google that is making Project Ara is a long way away from the Google that embraced open protocols and standards, and open sourced platforms like Android and Chromium. To me the biggest case is going places where I might have an unexpected peripheral need. For instance, it's not uncommon for someone to need to transfer me some files with a flash drive. If I were to buy this thing, I'd have to carry a USB Type-A dongle all the time , just in case. Rather than have say... an extra millimeter of thickness, and the USB port just built right in. As noted, an Android laptop was in the works. I think an Android laptop with Chrome browser, with extension support, would've been the holy grail. But Sundar Pichai wanted to protect his Chrome OS project, so when he took over Android, he killed that project. (And yes, I can dig up a reference to this, if anyone questions it.) In the case of portables like tablets or laptops, it might be preferable for the phone to snap in for easy carry. But for a desktop a cable or dock would be more than good enough. The latter requires you give all of your data to giant corporations that you can't control. The latter requires that you sacrifice any freedom or choice in what software you run, where your data is stored, and more. The cloud is one of the world's worst compromises, and we're all just sitting around waiting for it to bite everyone in the rear. Sure, but what will be the adoption rate? Do people have to have both or drives with both ports? For how long will you be more likely to see standard USB flash drives than USB-C ones? What will the cost of USB-C flash drives be compared to standard USB ones? All important questions to answer before you walk out the door without a dongle. I'm sure it does. Google culture is pretty heavily ingrained among employees. And Google seems to have taken a strong interest in acquiring influence in the US government. They also have a former employee holding the Chief Internet Officer role at the White House, and Google has heavily supported over a dozen Congressional campaigns, which has actually come to fruition in the form of those Congresspeople sending blatant "please don't rule against Google" letters to the EU Parliament. I would report it to their superior, or the CEO if they are the head of HR. Particularly since it sounds like he may not have provided you a fair interview. Equality doesn't happen if people are silent about injustices. Yeah, as long as companies can profit from mining your data, the wealth of cloud services will be built that way. And consumers' obsession with "free stuff" only encourages it. I've played with ownCloud extensively, though Sandstorm.io is the new hotness that I think has a lot of potential down the line. They may not look pretty, but they work a lot better than the over-designed crud with pretty UIs. As a SysAdmin, I hope none of these enterprise vendors ever hires a single designer. Yeah, my first thought on this link was "copyright infringement?" In reality, I consider that a problem in the consumer space too, but designers don't really care. Which is now why I just prefer to use enterprise-grade products in the home. I literally was at a talk from an AXIS Communications salesperson yesterday. They advocated their never-changing web UI as a feature, and everyone agreed it was one.