I've been going 10 years so far at something similar, and while I've taken a lot more than one photo a day on average, I'm still working on a mechanism to extract the interesting ones from the documentary chaff. I am trying to attack the problem by using extensive metadata to organize along different dimensions, but the resulting explanatory notes sort of ruin the magic of the mystery: http://james.lab6.com/photos/ SF is a writing style, not a set of technologies. Hence why Neal Stephenon's Baroque Cycle is SF despite including no SFnal technologies (except maybe an allusion to just one), and why The Time Traveller's Wife is mainstream, despite being about time travel, the most outlandishly SFnal concept there ever was. There is one important network effect they seem to be neglecting - the "big ball of mud" network effect of having hundreds of Excel spreadsheets all linked into each other, forming critical parts of the finance infrastructure of megacorps. This kind of end-user-computing nightmare is so hard to migrate away from that most companies can't even conceive how to do it. However, regulatory schemes like SOX in the USA and Solvency II and Basel III in Europe, are forcing the issue. Big banks and insurers won't be allowed to carry on running critical finance operations on such a fragile stack, so there are currently huge migrations away from Excel happening all across the financial services industry. Software like SAS and Business Objects seem to be the anti-Excels of choice. There will obviously still be Excel on the desktop, used for ad-hoc data manipulation and visualization, which is what it is actually good for, but this type of usage is much easier to replace with something like OpenOffice. Why does Google no longer offer the option to permanently remove a specific domain from your search results? My personal search quality would be dramatically improved if I could specify even a short blacklist. In fact, dear lazyweb: is there a browser extension or greasemonkey script that makes Google return 100 results at a time and then filters out the best 10 based on a blacklist? > The problem, says our source, is in relation to the "flimsy" hardware keyboard mechanism, which fell short of operator standards. It surprises me that operators would have such strict standards, given the junk I've seen them try to sell over the years. Maybe they are learning? I'd love to see other designs that have been rejected before hitting the market. For those of you worried about losing your life to another simulation game, I present: How Dwarf Fortress cured me of my Dwarf Fortress addiction once and for all - even though I've never played it: http://james.lab6.com/2010/05/25/withdrawal/ I would think IT departments would be more concerned with the cost of regression testing applications with a new piece of infrastructure. Same as with IE6. I've not come across an IT organization that wouldn't love to upgrade to the latest piece of kit, IF their customers were willing to pay the cost - remembering that much of the cost will be in terms of repaying technical debt incurred by short-sighted decisions to skip best practises (coding to standards, producing documentation, refactoring, ...) "very proprietary" does not usually imply "very strong". To be fair, understanding regular currency isn't exactly trivial. Most people seem to get by without understanding the finer points of banking, quantitative easing, M1, M2, etc.. And one might consider the ability of governments to manipulate their currencies for political reasons to be a security flaw. Nobody understands economics well enough to predict what Bitcoin will become. For a start, both of those pieces hinge on the dangers of a deflationary spiral. But it is far from clear or agreed how such a spiral would work, or whether it would encounter a natural limiting factor. To the extent that deflation might cause a decrease in demand, it's not even clear that that's a bad thing - because we live in such a consumption-oriented economy it's hard for economists to even conceive of - let alone analyze - the idea that people might only spend money when they need to. Before 2011, I'd never been athletic and I don't naturally have a runner's build, but this year I started entering road races - first a 10K, then a half-marathon, and now a marathon. By committing to running the race, I am incentivized to train hard. That's a roundabout way of saying that I do a lot of exercise. I can't recommend this highly enough for so many reasons, but to answer your question, one particular benefit is that I've found this regulates my appetite to the point where I eat only the calories that I need . Do you have an example of mathematics that could be made more accessible but hasn't been? That's totally the standard way that all mathematicians think about n-dimensional spaces. I've never heard a mathematician claim math is the universal solution to all problems... sounds like you had a bad high school experience. Do you need a math-hug? :) Not sure what it means for a particular technology to "die". A lot of "dead" technologies are "alive" and kicking in the Enterprise world. Perhaps "undead" is the word you're looking for... Windows 7 is version 6.1. Welcome to the world of model versioning, where nothing means anything! No. I just don't go back to websites with annoying ads. I have yet to come across a website with utterly compelling content and also utterly intolerable ads. Brazil has a 60% import tax. Not sure if this applies to everything but it does to individuals and small businesses. Brazil is on fire. Flush with oil money, 90% of electricity from renewable sources, a bottomless pit of energy and enthusiasm being held back only by corruption. Large corporations run lots of browser-based applications. To upgrade these applications, or even to regression test them - even in virtual environments - costs money. Any money they spend on IT comes out of their profits, or is added onto their prices. Would you pay an extra 5 bucks to buy your car insurance from a company that has ditched IE6? Bitcoin now is like the internet was in 1985. There is a huge stack of infrastructure yet to be built in order to deliver on the early pre-hyped promises. I don't think anybody understands this domain well enough to predict the outcome; it's very clearly in an experimental phase. It may well be ridiculous to believe Bitcoin will replace the dollar (much as some believed the internet would replace all manner of things which still happily co-exist), but surely more ridiculous to dismiss it when the experiment has barely begun. No, there is a very simple, well-defined and difficulty-independent metric of Bitcoin mining performance: hashes per second. Asking what specifically caused the crisis is like asking which hamburger caused your obesity. This is a problem that has been building over decades, and it will take decades to solve. What's wrong with booting instances from EBS-backed images? A lot of capitalists also promote growth, but growth is not a necessary condition for capitalism. Any hints from Amazon on whether they intend to provide Elastic IPv6 addresses? Well the headline at least is correct: even in a dire emergency, panic is the wrong response. The first two changes feel related. What change do you suppose they made to their infrastructure that has enabled these features? How do you scan 230,000 pages of paper? Given an arbitrarily long or short sequence of numbers, random or otherwise, it is possible to find a polynomial which interpolates them, hence gives a reasonable rule for finding the next number in the sequence. Glad to see the i8k mentioned. I have one, its screen is indeed an incredible thing, and it's still working in tip top condition today. I find tech kit either breaks within weeks or lasts forever. This question should be answered with a challenge. " You won't use math, but your boss will." There is a huge economy of scale working in Google's favor: deduplication. The more users they can de-dupe across, the cheaper their raw storage becomes. To compete, perhaps smaller backup services could agree "reinsurance" contracts with each other, exchanging lists of file hashes... It sounds like your [X] is sed and lex. Your comment sounds clever, but I have read neither. Could you please elaborate? So after a very brief read of Wikipedia, the voting-via-hashpower mechanism of Bitcoin seems to me to be a form of social contract, whereby users consent to be governed by the rules laid down by the majority. How is one supposed to go about debugging these freezes? None of the comments on the bug appear to offer any insight into the actual cause, or offer much help in narrowing down the possibilities. Technology is definitely a force amplifier, so I guess it's not surprising that it will amplify pre-existing anti-patterns. Those early reports of the Galaxy S3 being lawyer-ugly were overhyped. I'm typing on one now and I find it quite sleek. People use the word Socialism when they mean something like "perversion of incentives". We perceive that Socialism incentivizes bad choices, like having more children than you could afford without government benefits, or making investments that appear less risky because you assume a government bailout will protect you. As you point out, the nordic countries show that perverse incentives don't necessarily follow from Socialism. And indeed, America has its own non-Socialist perverse incentives such as encouraging pollution by not enforcing payment of the environmental externalities. But all things considered globally, more socialism does tend to imply more perverse incentives. Bitcoin is not backed by anything at all, which is part of what makes it such a fascinating experiment, and part of why it is so successful at challenging peoples' assumptions about what money really is. A bit like us having a 4ZB hard disk from the future? I can definitely tell the difference between that and infinite. The Europe (Ireland) location is pretty high up the "nothing interesting ever happens here" scale. Best of luck to them. I hope they succeed to the point where interesting ethical issues are raised. Doesn't Windows accept forward slashes in most situations? $0.10 per IOPS-month? Is that per volume or does volume size enter into the equation? I.e. would two 10GB 100IOPS volumes cost twice as much as one 20GB 100IOPS volume? Wow, this is the first I've heard of the balloon mission. I wonder how long the balloons stayed afloat after the batteries ran down... If nobody is interested in Windows 8, I expect the next best option is Windows 7 for the next 10 years - the new XP. I put Ubuntu 12.04 on a Lenovo T410. It's not thin and it's not that speedy, particularly when it comes to 3D graphics performance, but everything worked out of the box with absolutely no configuration or fuss, and on that basis I would recommend it. They might get away with Aardvark, Excel-style... What percentage of the world's population was using the internet in 1983? Sci-fi has trained us to expect all the things you mention so when they arrive we probably won't feel that anything much has changed. Doesn't help in the dark, which happens to me every night as I put it onto charge. Dave Lister: Sometimes I think it's cruel giving machines a personality. My mate Petersen once brought a pair of shoes with artificial intelligence. Smart Shoes, they were called. It was a neat idea. No matter how blind drunk you were, they would always get you home. Then he got ratted one night in Oslo, and woke up the next morning in Burma. See, the shoes got bored just going from his local to the flat. They wanted to see the world, man, y'know? He had a helluva job getting rid of them. No matter who he sold them to, they'd show up again the next day! He tried to shut them out, but they just kicked the door down, y'know? Arnold Rimmer: Is this true? Dave Lister: Yeah! Last thing he heard, they'd sort of, erm, robbed a car and drove it into a canal. They couldn't steer, y'see. Arnold Rimmer: Really?! Dave Lister: Yeah. Petersen was really, really blown away by it. He went to see a priest. The priest told him, he said, it was alright, and all that, and the shoes were happy, and they'd gone to heaven. Y'see, it turns out shoes have soles. -- Red Dwarf, 1988. Isn't the modern replacement the web browser? A browser these days can do anything a C64 could do, in a safe, easy to debug environment, that comes preinstalled on every PC. If Bitcoin becomes the currency of the entire future economy, the initial distribution method will have been proved to be a non-issue. More likely, Bitcoin will be one currency amongst many, and the early adopters will sell their windfall gradually according to supply and demand. Could they not simply be rocky outcrops that are covered and uncovered by seasonal sandstorms? Yeah these do kind of look like they have shadows. Plus a rocky outcrop could still be fairly flat and cast minimal shadows. I say it's rock and call Occam's razor on the other theories. This is the main reason I'm skeptical of central government databases. Not because of the miniscule chance of them enabling a police state, but because of the very great chance that the data will not be properly safeguarded. Digital lock with built in dynamo (pull down lever?) to generate the miniscule power required to operate it? While physical media formats and hardware interfaces become obsolete all the time, it's something of a myth that file formats do the same. Even proprietary formats can usually be read by digging up a copy of the software that created them (in theory this software may be lost, but typically it is not). The one major exception is DRM'd files where the keys have been lost. Search for zfec. Allows you to split a file into N chunks, only M of which are required to reconstitute the original. Protects against N-M independent errors/corruptions. There is no such thing as intrinsic value, whether economic value or moral value, whether of goods or of people. Value is subjectively assigned by people, according to the push and pull of their own internal motivations. So it is meaningless to talk about value without asking: valued by who? Some people (say, my family) are hugely more "valuable" to me than others. I'm assuming handset and service cost are just two of your provider's costs among many: infrastructure, salaries, debt, risk... Cost per TB for storage is a tiny proportion of the total costs of a data warehouse. "Organic" - is there a "green baloney detection kit" that outs stuff like this? Worse, they'll go public with the world's most awesome restore-from-backup service and everyone will love it, for the low price of incriminating yourself in future crimes (but you're not planning to commit any crimes anyway, right?). This is a tempting option in so many situations, not just software. But it never works because you can never wipe the slate truly clean. The state of the world is dependent on the previous state of the world. I work with the English language every day, and so I have no respect for the rights of people who can't even spell the word "need" correctly. Is that what you're saying? :-) And makes clear that DRY is just a handy catchphrase for the design principle of normalization. Along with the environment, what other aspects of our world are fundamentally socialized? I'm thinking things like risk of asteroid impact. Damaging but not fatal. Bitcoins are divisible down to 8 decimal places so the value would just scale up according to the reduced supply. And 8 decimal places is a software limit; a revised protocol could increase that. SQL is an excellent tool for a data warehouse, or any situation where there is value in separating data design from application design. In such situations the infamous o/r impedance mismatch is arguably a good thing. All quite true but I'll drop in here that the Fields medal is only available up to age 40. 12 years ago I quit gaming because decent titles weren't available for Linux. I now have a great job and family, part of which I attribute to spending thousands of hours learning about life and technology instead of playing games. Give it up people, video games = fast-forwarding your life. (Actually I'm not really suggesting being that strict. I did return to play the occasional top title like Portal 2, but on a strictly controlled diet. Gaming should be a small enough part of your life that such DRM is a non-issue) I don't get it, don't you have to buy, cook, eat every day even when you are working? There's going to be a major demand in Cyprus over the next few days and weeks for a non-bank store of wealth. More likely they'll take the hit now, then if the crisis passes, launch lawsuits against the government to claim it back. Or a political party will adopt a manifesto pledge to return the stolen money upon election victory. > because the price is going up too fast to ever be paid back, and if it ever stops going up, people will be dumping it too fast for an interest rate Is it implausible that these two forces would reach a relatively stable equilibrium, like stocks? What attack are you referring to? Seems odd to describe this as a polynomial-time attack, and I would argue incorrect to describe the result as "broken crypto", as this has little to do with the cryptographic components of Bitcoin, and is more a fundamental design limitation. As a workaround, merchants will just demand more confirmations for higher-valued transactions, like waiting for a check to clear. Checks and physical cash also wouldn't meet your definition of formal security, but seem to work in practice. Not a fatal issue. A plain $ sign is very often used to mean a non-U.S.-dollar currency, with minimal confusion due to context. I tend to think that capitalism is what helps prevent people from getting into desperate situations in the first place (e.g. by letting a family accumulate wealth so that the children start with a buffer). But it has no direct answer for people already in desperate situations, hence the necessity of charity. Actually I believe the main driver of the recent price increase is several high-profile (in the tech world at least) organisations starting to accept it. I found one of the comments interesting: that the monkey/ladder experiment could be a myth. I think they already did, and it's called Pirates of the Caribbean. The MI games draw heavily from that theme (which predates them, in the form of the ride). There may not be room in the market for another variation. I don't quite buy the analogy. Seems to me that part of the problem was having tokens that could only be exchanged for one thing, and even then at a fixed exchange rate. It's not yet clear whether Bitcoin is money, or whether it is some strange new hybrid of asset and currency for which conventional wisdom does not apply and for which historical analogies fail. There was a time when I would have felt seriously behind the times using my 3.5 year old PC. Maybe I just have different priorities now, but I no longer feel any compulsion to upgrade. I'm not aware of anything that a new PC can do that my current one can't, besides an incremental, barely noticeable speed bump. On a related note, am I right in thinking that we are currently in the longest ever gap between new HD capacities? 4TB has been the top size for two years now. Isn't it more plausible that public debt is caused by government deficit spending, which causes economic growth, but a temporary kind of growth that is only as good as the government's ability to continue spending? Is there evidence for or against the existence of multipliers? Sorry if this is a basic question. You could then multiply by 2 trillion to work out their total data volume under management, which I believe they consider commercially sensitive information, but I can't quite put my finger on why. I like conversation starters like this but the headline is extreme linkbait, which tends to insult the intelligence of readers. Just my opinion of course, but it seems that designers who think primarily in terms of the application will prefer to use an ORM to abstract away details of the storage layer; whereas a designer who thinks primarily in terms of data will prefer to write SQL, with the application being just one of many possible applications of that data. Am I the only one who finds email signatures entirely obsolete nowadays? 99% of the people I email already know me, and can look up any of those details in an address book or social network. On the rare occasion I'm making first contact, I'm more likely to take care over communicating further contact info in the body of the email. If that's 1 billion new objects created every day, then I believe that puts them somewhere in AWS's top 1 customer. The docs really are great. I once downloaded the whole lot as a PDF and read it from the beginning on my phone during downtime (like 15 mins on the train). Read all the way through to the parts that discuss internals then stopped. I now appreciate it as a relational database, not just as a storage backend. Not so sure storage costs have dropped so much. Hard drives aren't getting bigger (4TB is two years old now) and electricity and other data center costs have risen. Sorry if this sounds harsh, I mean no harm, just asking you to consider... There are plenty of women out there who would be happy to date you. You are the one filtering them out. Consider women over 40 and women with children. Those groups have huge problems finding men. Works both ways. I believe a krait is a kind of snake if you want to go for that angle.