I went to college with his late son, Nick. Nick was a good guy and their family was really welcoming and friendly. I remember speaking with Jim during the .com crash as I was getting my CS degree and he mentioned a CS degree is a great thing to have if you love it - keep at it. Solid advice at the time. But make no mistake - when he says he wasn't as fast as some of the others, it's a whole different ballgame. He's a world class genius with creativity and personality to boot. He's also a good guy who is quite generous. Thank you for that. Nick was a friend of mine and I miss him. He loved Nepal and working there. Tekmira Pharmaceuticals has a cure for Ebola that has success in non-human Primates. Is it unethical to try using this on infected humans that are going to die soon? With their approval, naturally. Why not explain what we have, that there unknown risks, etc, but it could save you. The alternative is a painful, awful death anyhow so why not? I feel like a control group is immoral at this point. More importantly, they get public exposure and the government sponsor for their research will more likely resume this project. It was shelved due to budgetary reasons. However, their project is not really going to be able to compete with companies like Tekmira who have begun human testing, having a much higher efficacy in Primates (and likely humans) and are simply further along. Ebola would unlikely be a block buster drug for any company - however, it allows them to research technologies and systems for other, more profitable things. The fact there is an UPDATE statement that is actually an INSERT is clever, but possibly misleading to many users. The design is for insert only so you hate to see syntax that is actually a different semantic. Why are update statements actually inserts? Am I missing something ( besides eventually consistency by design ) or are they trying to trick me? The trade is getting crowded - that's the feeling I get from some higher profile VC funds complaining recently. Their buy-in's are getting more expensive as more private money from non-traditional VC funds moves into the sector due to continued low interest rates, a feeling the public markets are getting close to topping and the fact that each round seems to be up, up, up. This is forcing higher prices for the traditional VC funds which in turn makes them more conservative with how their money is spent. And because the money is so easy to acquire the start-up's are blowing it quickly. They are competing for a limited set of "top" employees which is driving labor costs up to potentially unsustainable levels. Money won't always be so easy. Use it carefully. However, I see the top VC's getting a bit upset they have more competition to invest in tomorrows potentially massive businesses at discounted rates. They will likely raise much more than 100 million. That is the "default" setting for the S1. Also, if the IPO goes well expect the underwrite to green shoe some more. This article is full of so much logical fallacy I'm surprised it made it here. And it's an advertisement none the less. Creates a red herring by stating he's been doing this a long time and has seen it all. Creates straw man after straw man in the trashing of memory caches (avoids their use cases), Dynamo (there's a good reason tons of people use various NoSQL Databases) and Hadoop (C'mon, now). He also creates more logical fallacy in calling various concepts silver bullets that ended up having problems. I don't think anyone serious about technology thinks replication, sharding, load balancing "solves everything". Nothing is a silver bullet and anyone who says something is is selling you something... And then he fails to really address the MemSQL uses replication, sharding (in a limited sense since the core SQL concept of a JOIN is wrecked here and they have a big warning on their troubleshooting page about an error you users must see often). SQL is great but I have plenty of great reasons to use other data stores. SQL isn't a silver bullet for data. Point is, he is calling MemSQL a silver bullet and is obviously trying to sell something while ripping plenty of great ideas and concepts by picking the worst implementations of them and largest misunderstandings of them. If it's the case that we are currently a part of a simulation then we can assume those above use are part of a simulation too and eventually we will create a simulation below us and it's turtles all the way down....and up. Great acquisition by MongoDB. Addressing the shortcomings and fixing them like this is really smart. It's great that MongoDB spent the last year and a half improving the codebase and I expect to see great features in the coming years. The story has just begun with those guys I think and as they get more and more adoption in the enterprise arena (as the DB improves) it will become a standard DB across all lines of business. I know they aren't the most popular thing around here but they are insanely popular and it's great to see the product improving. How do I add and remove capacity then? This is exactly right. I can't believe how snide and ignorant a few of the commenters are (except I can because it's the same folks with the same FUD every time). MongoDB isn't standing still and it is getting better and better with every release. Not to mention there are 100's of massive projects running on MongoDB with success. Something about MongoDB really drives the Postgres community (and certain NoSQL DB fans) nuts and I'm guessing it's that MongoDB is eating their lunch, growing faster than them, is gaining popularity faster, etc. Keep in mind MongoDB is many years younger too and is maturing more quickly now. Plus, developers absolutely love working with it. It's a tool like any other and still has issues but I'm afraid some here are dancing on its grave well before it has even shown signs of letting up on its growth. That is entirely wrong. It might suit your use case (having a bunch of monkeys running around fixing a hack job) but I'd rather use a tool which can expand and reduce capacity when I want, which is quite often. It saves me money on cloud hosting to only provision what I need when I need it and be able to expand and contract it at will, easily. Your solution fails at this. It depends on what you consider "acceptable HA". There are many instances where I'm not trying to protect from a network partition (single data center, monitored batch data loads, etc) and don't have a requirement for that level of tolerance. However, you're right in that it's important to know that nearly every distributed system has edge cases where things might not appear as you thought. Elasticsearch has a section on their Website detailing their resiliency efforts. I wish every company was as transparent about what they're doing on that front so we can all plan and consider expectations better. Another great rye you might try is "Rittenhouse Rye 100". It's great neat or with a splash of water/1 cube or in an Old Fashioned (I always use rye in my old fashioned's). Does this mean that if I apply this algorithm and that 2 or more time series data sets are still similar that they are in fact correlated? I find this test fascinating. You missed the point. This has to do with "time series data" which means time is the same among all the data sets. Because you know this you should remove it to test for similarity. You could apply this to any automatic variable in your domain but time & change is very obviously a typical common variable for many data sets. That's right. Sort of like factoring out common variables/values in algebra I'd say. Time series is the "easy case" but I suspect identifying less obvious commons is the real art of it all. I think time - then you're left with data. If when removing this they still have the same shape they do in fact correlate. I'd be curious to see the results of that experiment to be sure. I believe the beauty is you're using time (x and x-1) to preserve the change from sample to sample but remove the time influence that broadly affects all and distorts the subtle differences that may in fact not be related. It only matters if the commonality is far more influential and unimportant than the unique but import parts. That's mainly correct. Or they used for it something it simply isn't suitable for. You can't just throw random data into it and expect it to work. Proper document modeling and understanding write concern solve almost all the problems people have with MongoDB. It still has a ways to go but so many of the comments here are issues from way back in v2.0. Regardless, it's still very popular and only gaining popularity. And improving. That's the point so many here fail to address. Lots of businesses are using MongoDB at large scale (2PB clusters) and willing to talk about it too. MongoDB gets a bad rep, some of it their own fault for sure, but it's not as lousy as some people here make it out to be. Careful object modeling goes a long ways. Wired Tiger will be a massive improvement on their current storage engine, which is pretty awful for write-heavy loads to be sure. Problem is where it is branched. I don't think they will be able to keep up well. Plus, the new MongoDB storage engine (wire tiger) takes care of its biggest issue which Toku addresses. Plus, I think you'll be able to just buy Toku's storage engine if you want it when they make it pluggable with the new MonogDB storage engine API. The .com is the corporation behind MongoDB. .org is the open source project. Yes, they are intertwined heavily at this point (but it wasn't always this case back in the day) but I can understand why they try and keep their separation of concerns here. You've always been able to control this with write concern on a per-write basis. If you can handle an instance where and acknowledged write may not get replicated and possibly lost (logging use case - fast writes) then use that level of write concern. If you require extreme durability (slower writes but more durable) then use that level. In many applications you have both requirements and MongoDB lets you choose at write time the level of durability you want. It has always had atomic operation per-document. So, if you're able to model transactional things in a single document, you've been able to use those semantics. And as documents can be quite complex there are many use cases where it is possible and even desirable. However, MongoDB can not guarantee any operation that affects multiple documents will affect them all - if there was a failure after some documents were updated there is no rollback. However, between atomic single-document updates and the ease of implementing optimistic locking patterns, you still have options. Multi-document locking and transactions over a cluster of numerous shards is difficult. This is one reason why distributing documents is easier than rows of data. I'm not even sure they will ever have distributed transactions (using a 2-phase commit) because of how slow they are. However, single shard transactions should be easy to implement. But it will be use-case specific I imagine - you'd have to lock by shard-key to guarantee related documents are on the same shard I gather. It allows you to get started amazingly fast and has great client support. You don't have to think much about the DB side of things - just throw data into it. It's also where people get into trouble. After they've done this and built their MVP they don't go back and rethink their data decisions. Then scale issues occur, among other things. But it's also very easy to change your schema while iterating to serve your use cases better. But it's up to the users to change things and to learn which types of patterns scale better and to actually learn how to use the database to their advantage after gaining some experience. Learning how to model documents effectively is rather important. What else did your config have? Did you use RAID on your HD's? How much RAM did you have? What types of CPU's and how many? Were you updating documents often or writing new ones? Did you have compound indexes built properly? What was your latency requirements? Was MongoDB able to saturate your resources? Did you read off of secondaries at all? Did you shard your DB and if so what was your shard key? Was it random? Could you use it for reads too? How much of your data set did you need to possibly use at any given time? If you had to "upgrade to SSD's" at 100GB you either had amazingly poor provisions, were doing most everything wrong or both. Messages like yours indicate to me a poor user - not a poor database. He was using v2.0 in that article. A version that is years old and pretty awful. The default then was that a write was fired from the client and that's it - fire and forget. A stupid default. The default since is to get an ack from the server. You can control this on each write and make it more durable (make sure it is replicated to 1, majority or all replicas) or faster (just get to the server). The default is to be written to the primary server and put into the transaction log so if it doesn't get committed to disk (possibly 60 seconds by default) it can recover. The transaction log is flushed (fsync) every 100ms by default and is configurable. You can also specify that the write is only acknowledged after the transaction log is synced. Anyways the default is it is put into the transaction log and then acknowledged. Fair enough and you're right, the storage system is awful. Switching to Wiredtiger was smart by them and something like that should have been done far in advance. The problem with updates in MonogDB is that they are inline and flushed to the filesystem that way. So if you have documents which are growing then the old ones have to be 0'd out and a new one written, which results in a ton of wasted space and an unbelievable amount of thrashing. As you saw, ridiculous amounts of IO time and even with SSD's you get pretty bad SSD wear on your disks. There's ways around this by pre-padding documents or using buckets if you are pushing into arrays but I can see why you didn't bother. Also, the write lock back then was system level - yikes. Around 2011 MonogDB was incredibly awful. I will say it has improved manifold since then. I'd make sure you use the new storage engine, wiredtiger too if you give them another shot. The standard one works well on read heavy use cases but saturates I/O pretty quickly if you're doing a lot of updates that make documents grow if you don't take some precautions. I also agree, having a setting of "fire and forget", although useful in some (limited!) use cases, is not a sane default. If your company goes public and you have valuable equity but face a lockup of 6 months you can still "lock in" some price...if your company gets publicly traded options that is. Sell calls at the price you want to sell for the month that the lockup expires. If your shares get called away you got the price you wanted and some premium. However, you miss out on a huge gain if it goes far beyond your call level. Also, if the stock tanks in that time you keep your now less valuable shares but you got some premium. So, after selling calls you can take that money you made from the premium and buy puts with it at around the same price. You've created a spread here and have locked in a selling price and gave yourself some downside insurance - all for very little cost to you over all since the covered call premium paid for most, if not all of your puts. Your only risk now is that the stock goes through the roof and you miss out on some upside - but that makes sense as you've eliminated risk for very little out of pocket cost. So maybe you do this on 1/2 or 2/3 of your position or whatever you're comfortable with. Of course the difficulty is if you have a ton of stock and the option market for your company isn't very large and therefore illiquid. Indeed about the put/call parity. Or, you simply buy puts at a different strike and take on some risk. But yeah, you'll probably spend some money to "lock up" this deal. And you're right, options generally take some time to begin trading - especially if the volume is low on the common stock anyhow. Another method if you can is simply short the stock as soon as you like the price. Then replace the stock when your stock is freed up. Naturally this requires margin and problem that you could get margin called if the stock goes through the roof! Hedge with calls then that are way out of the money then too. Also, there's the issue of shorting your own company! Thanks for information - I wasn't aware this applied to non-insiders or ex-employees too for derivatives that expire after the lock-up. I guess no amount of financial engineering can unscrew the little guy. :) BTW, love your company and use it often, thank you! I agree with this. Use it at as an opportunity to say pleasant things about the company and people you worked with, considering you're leaving because you found a new job and not because you were harassed, etc. You will probably run into some of these people again or they will know people you use to work with at such-and-such company. Often when you want to reindex you want to reindex a lot of data - quickly. You don't want to use your same hardware, possibly. So what you do if you're in AWS, for instance, is take your data mounts and mount them to an extremely high powered set of instances. Then, reindex with the new mappings. Then, move your mounts back to your smaller instances. You save money and can do a reindex very quickly. A basic "reindex" command would be a cool feature though. I feel like as an art piece, "Magic" is sort of the distillation and abstraction of everything that has happened with the Internet over the last 20 years - especially lately. "Send a blackbox a message and you get something - on demand!" That's art. Or it's an incredibly sad state of affairs with what qualifies as "technology" and is a horrible commentary on modern societies values. Or a reflection of it - imitating it I suppose. "Magic" & "Yo" - The future is bright. I'm not sure. That's the job of art to reflect upon our culture to let people judge for themselves. I find it brilliant, disgusting, tempting and shocking all at once. I'm not sure if it's a civilization in decline and on the eve of revolution or if it's a beautiful thing. You don't get an emotional response from just saying "Pizza" and a price comes back and you reply with a "Yes/No" and then it arrives? Where is the service that says "Pizza" and "Yes/No" for me? Clearly that's the only place the form can go. I guess it's the infantilization of society? I'm not sure that much thought has been put into this. Should probably work out the CEO/CTO titles first, figure out where to get funding for this clearly multi-billion dollar opportunity and begin to plan the exit immediately. "Lady luck please let the dice stay hot..." "Why is buying flour okay, or dealing with the details of ordering pizza yourself okay, but handing off the last little bit of the pizza ordering is reflective of decay?" I think it has to do with the fact that you surrendered choice in where this pizza comes from. You have no agency in the quality, labor conditions, ingredients, etc of the pizza. You have reduced your "freedom OF choice" to "freedom FROM choice". Devo was right. As I mentioned in another post I'm not really dismissive (not entirely - but skeptical for sure) and I agree with you - who is to say that our assumptions based on old models were right? Part of our identity and love of capitalism is shopping as entertainment. We love advertising and responding to brands that we identify with. What if this is all a lie, as you imply? I just find it all very interesting. Freedom of choice was the old way. Freedom from choice could be the new way? I was sort of thinking the opposite here is more interesting. I just want to text to a blackbox: "FOOD" And a short time later food (possibly Soylent to keep the baby food aesthetic right) shows up. If I can do this while wearing a VR mask showing a strange new world with bigger people that talk, even better. I want to be an infant again. Maybe they can add a feature where it can hear me shriek out and automate this process. In your scenario the UX may be broken since Seamless can do this much faster I think? Good article in many ways but what I always feel like these commentaries miss is that many of us came from working class backgrounds and put ourselves into the middle classes. And we still identify with the working class and that it isn't a fetish but rather our roots. Say what you will about Western society but it does provide many opportunities for a working class kid to take agency and move themselves into the middle classes while still identifying with their upbringing too. I can afford nice things now, and I treat myself from time to time, but I (and many others I assume) haven't abandoned the things I grew up on either. That's a good point about Montezuma's Revenge, and similar games. Very rarely does a greedy algorithm help you in that game unlike in a breakout style game where you simply want to acquire as many points as quickly as possible. You own more than 5% of the company? With that stake you should be on the board if you exercised the options. There's only 20 5% owners in any company. Well, you have the right to exercise those options and then they become stock and you have a stake in the company. The nice part of it being an option is it grants you the right to invest in the company at a static price if you choose. And you choose to do this when the company is doing very well. There are no "farms" in NYC. They ship it do a garden in Red Hook. And let us hope this apparent "farm" doesn't use the polluted soil of that region. I've seen enthusiastic people growing vegetables in open fields in Williamsburg. That is a super fund site! Farming is hard, thankless work that entails high risk. What they do in Brooklyn is not farming. It is gardening. The Ops Manager tool does a lot of tasks for you automatically now. Upgrading, taking backups, recovery and deploying new servers into a new or existing cluster. These were the types of tasks that were a pain to do manually and even using config management/scripts, wasn't always easy to do. I don't know where they get the 95% number from, but Ops Manager tool does make operating MongoDB many times easier. It's a garden built on top of an old playground. Vegetables grown in NYC don't taste good either, unless you enjoy the taste of exhaust pipes and other local air pollutions. I'll add that what you guys do is awesome and great for the community. But I still refuse to eat food grown in NYC. This doesn't even make sense. So, if the kids in the back are playing games and the providers pay more to have access than the cars networked safety feature - we're in a worse off place. Also, I'm not so sure there are any issues with capacity and more is being added daily. Capacity for networked devices is not like making capacity for ambulances (not his analogy but essentially his point) and firetrucks. The second a government or any entity starts to decide what is first class, second class and n-class information and thus priority, the internet goes from a place of equality and freedom to a fascist place controlled by those who have dominion. You forget about taxes. By the time of exit the fair market value of the stock likely greatly exceeds option grant strikes to founders creating a massive tax liability in the form of capital gains. Likely in the hundreds of thousands if not millions of dollars range. Yes that's an option if they planned well. But there still may be spread. Producing real goods leads to small margins. Materials, manufacturing and transporting are not cheap to do. Technology companies enjoy high valuations based on their generally very high margins. I hear you and I have been a fan of Go for awhile. But, it hasn't really done anything new, especially in regards to programming language theory over the last 30 odd years. It feels like another "developers, developers, developers" play and when you see ultra modern languages like Rust, you sort of get the feeling Go is half baked and without purpose. I'm a bit curious too - he seems to hate the idea a programming language thinks the developer is an idiot. Rust, for how perfect it really is, treats developers as humans. You must be smart if you can use it - but it doesn't trust you to have any idea what's really going on when a program gets large. This is a good thing IMO. Honestly, anyone who thinks Rust is trash is just wrong. I can get the argument that there just will never be enough people who can use Rust but having learned Go and then Rust - I have to say Rust is the most well designed programming language ever. I can't believe what's in it and it's far and away the most advanced programming language ever. It's hard to compile but when it does you have a good chance it's right. After using Rust I see no reason why C++ should exist any longer. Maybe in really limited embedded systems. Rust is so unbelievably safe to use in complex, efficient systems. Rust is, IMO, the state of the art in programming languages. Once you put the few months into actually getting OK at it you can write really great code, really fast and not be stuck with burdens since the compiler makes you write code that will work. I like Go and was seduced by channels and go routines. But, I found time to learn Rust (still learning really - Rust is an epic and amazingly rewarding to learn!) and have to admit Rust is far and away the most modern, state of the art and most important programming language of our time. Go compiles easily (pay for it later!) and is sponsored by Big-G. Rust doesn't compile easily but when it does there's a lot of guarantees. And, it does concurrency just as well. Apples to oranges really though. After picking up Rust I feel like Go just offers nothing. Why not use Java or .Net instead of Go? Highly unlikely Go will be more performant than the JVM. Want something less safe and easier to write in, why not use Python, etc? You can't write real time systems in Go and you never will be able to. You probably shouldn't write "systems" programs in Go. Go has a couple built-in features that other languages can and will get with library addition. Go is a 1-trick pony I feel sometimes. It's an "in thing" that doesn't serve much of a purpose overall I feel. It looks like C but lets face it, it's nothing like it in terms of performance and never will be. It isn't a replacement for C. Is it Google looking at the same strategy as Sun/Oracle and Microsoft? Who knows. But, after using it for awhile and letting the glimmer fade, it feels like a regression. Developers, developers, developers! The funny thing is, this is the first time I remember everyone speculating on if we are in a bubble or not. Once bitten, twice shy I suppose. But, I also think that although there is a lot of optimism a lot of it rightfully there. Technology has been creating a revolution in communication, media, entertainment and just about every other industry. The internet finally arrived for the masses in the mid-2000's followed by the smart phone revolution followed by tablets and smart devices. There's simply a lot of opportunity out there. I don't think we are in a bubble so much as in the middle of a rare technological revolution. So many things are happening at once between computer systems becoming so powerful and networks becoming so large and fast, etc. Old industries are dying while new, more profitable companies take over. I think that's an important thing though. Rust doesn't need to have concurrency built into the language like Go. With Go you are using their version of concurrency. With Rust, you can use the standard libraries or find another library that suits your purpose. So although Go does indeed have a well designed thread scheduler - I may discover after months of development on a project it isn't the thread system I need after all and now I'm stuck with a bunch of code I can't use. Rust in general is far more underdeveloped than everything you mentioned and yes, right now, Go is probably a better choice - maybe. So many cities/regions in the USA are simply broken by design in terms of having central business locations and urban sprawl living locations. Too many cities optimized around the highway which let greedy developers and poor urban planners dictate the present conditions of impossible congestion and the inability to have an effective mass transit system due to lack of population density. Simply put, that model doesn't scale and we are now seeing it affect more and more cities. Not to mention that urban sprawl is expensive to maintain in terms of roads, highways, sewers and utilities being consumed by people living so far apart and in low density areas. I propose we begin building planned cities focused on population density and mass transit that people actually want to use. Build up, not out. Share spaces like parks and have lots of little ones. Essentially, inherit from NYC where you don't have to, or even want to, own a car. I remember anxiously playing Mc Donald's flexi on my sisters Fisher Price record player. And then realizing, after we lost, it was just a crummy advertisement. Cynicism in me was born. That is based on a pre-2.0 version of MongoDB. The changes and vast improvements from that time to now are huge. MongoDB probably got a bit ahead of itself too fast - it wasn't mature and took a lot of development shortcuts to get features out fast and people started using it like a mature datastore too fast - and the company behind it didn't help either. But, without a doubt there have been vast improvements across the board and I give them credit for spending the last year and a half not adding many new features but rebuilding the codebase, making it extendable (pluggable storage engines is a cool thing) and addressing numerous issues. It still has some issues (b-trees aren't the best implementation imo) but the codebase is in a state where I expect over the next few years it will be quite reliable. The tooling around MongoDB has gotten better too. There's still a ton of ways to shoot yourself in the foot too but the defaults are more sensible I think now than then. What they got right is the clients are awesome and the query language is powerful - especially updates. This matters for a lot of people - it isn't just a drag race always in terms of performance. Now, with increased reliability it's becoming something usable for some use cases. If you've been looking to place bets on early stage companies that can boom or bust - often for little to no reason other than trending with the sector, biotech in the public markets has been the place to be the last few years. It very much is resembling the .com boom in internet related technology. RNAi has had some great moments the last few years in particular, and some spectacular busts and more great moments, for instance. But the public biotech sector as a whole has essentially been 1 big casino in the public markets. Even the ETF's are up a few hundred percent the last couple years. I believe there's one more huge parabolic move before it tumbles - we'll see. Anyways, my point is we like to focus on the VC bubble in technology but the real "frenzy" has been in biotech IPO's and early/mid stage clinical companies even though private equity technology gets all the bubble press. The doc's, and more specifically the tutorials, can be a bit stale. If you're referencing the one I think you are (building the number guessing game) it's old. I'm sure it will be updated eventually. [1] One of the hardest things about learning Rust right now is that because it is not 1.0, lots of the tutorials, sample code and 3rd-party documentation is outdated - or parts of it are. Learning Rust "the right way" will certainly get easier after 1.0 is finally out and reliable/stable the tutorials, code bases and doc's will follow. [1] I just checked and it is in fact updated. Indeed. So many times over the last few months things just suddenly broke. I understand and all but it will be nice to see some stability. I really feel the community, which is already awesome, will start to build new things at a rapid pace. Indeed, and a vast majority of early stage biotech's will simply contribute nothing. But then you get a story like Pharmasset which made any semi-early investor realize unbelievable gains in a very short period. But these stories are rare and it's pure speculation and the playing of market dynamics. But yes, it is expensive research and although these companies have been able to find funding in the public markets due to a healthy appetite of risk for these types of things, I fear that when this obvious bubble bursts it will be very hard to find funding and a lot of research will simply run out of runway. RNAi had a hot streak years ago and then had "dark ages" for quote a few years before it suddenly got hot again. And really the entire sector has been on fire. But I expect reality to take over soon and biotech will have some dark days ahead of it. But for now, the casino chugs along. Yeah, there's no way they will be able to easily merge into all the changes that have happened since MongoB 2.6 and now 3.0. They're pretty far behind. 2.6 introduced a lot of refactoring (and therefore broke a lot of things) and 3.0 broke even more I can only assume. However, I believe they could sell their storage engine as MongoDB exposes a storage engine API now. Then again, I don't know why anyone would buy it now. MongoDB has done a decent job of patching things up and I guess TokuMK just isn't as interesting as it was before. It's not a sandwich as it isn't made with some form of bread. At least according to the criteria the article uses - which I agree with. Exactly right. Who would ever tell a prospective employer what they are really making? I'd agree you should tell them a number close to what you expect to make if you switch companies. You'll possibly get an offer that exceeds you original goals. It's important to go into these things prepared and well researched. Until the API's begin to diverge - which will happen. Are you kidding me? This is a very common requirement and one of the reasons larger institutions are building out their own clouds. It's not a requirement for everyone of course, but it's certainly a common theme. But first they will need to offer a few more things: -Ability to set limits and stop losses -Ability to use margin -Ability to buy and sell call and put options -Ability to trade after hours -Ability to short (likely comes with margin) -Ability to set trailing losses -A better UI -Ability to analyze trades and examine bid/ask spreads I used Robin Hood a few months back and possibly it has gotten better and I'm sure the overall experience will get better. But since that experiment I cashed out of that account and just use my online brokerage account. I do look forward to a better experience down the road. Excellent. Might put some money back in it and try it out again. First rule of Portland: You don't tell people how nice Portland is. This is known as a "Greenshoe Option". It got the name from a company called "Green Shoe Manufacturing" which was the first company to allow this practice. I remember when Workday (WDAY) had its expiration coming up and there was a lot of speculation the stock would tank that day. The float was pretty small before the lockup and the thought was because of this the price was very inflated. It went down the first 10 minutes of trading but shot right back up as large buyers were waiting to see the price action that day and bought it up. The stock is up 75% or so since the lockup 2 years later. If it were as easy as shorting IPO's (or going long PUTS) near lockup, I'd be a billionaire. As you've pointed out - it's impossible to know what will happen, if anything (making a spread unplayable too) when the lockup expires. Good luck finding an underwriter willing to do that if you're not a company like Google. In my experience just now I think the "old system" and "new system" makes sense. After reading the problem my initial reaction was "8 & Blue". I thought about it for a couple seconds and immediately realized it would be "8 and Green", which was the correct answer. After taking a second to reason about the problem, the answer came and made sense. I guess that's why it's always good to take a second to choose your words, etc in day to day life? I'll never forget when Apple introduced iTunes (before the iPod) with the tagline "Rip, Mix and Burn". Classic Steve Jobs direct assault at an industry his company was about to take over. Looking back, seeing how the iPod was under development at this time puts the entire strategy together. Apple wasn't the first company to let you rip music, share it and burn CD's, etc but they were the one's who made it accessible to everyone with a seamless, fully integrated user experience. Users ripped all of their and their friends music, got used to the MP3 format and then the ease of buying MP3's from Apples store with iPod integration. Well, I believe the reason is because it is against the law. On a side note, I do think if a heroin dealer gave away a clean needle, that would be commendable. If you are willing to consider murdering your business competition, you are probably a sociopath. Indeed. I looked weird on my college campus with a Mac. However, after the iPod the idea of using a Mac became more acceptable I saw a lot more of them. Now they are ubiquitous - something I would not have imagined 15 years ago. Definitely. Some of my friends had an apartment together in college and they had a tower connected to their TV and stereo with 1000's of songs on it. This was 1999 and was a pretty impressive idea I soon aped. Needless to say, small parties, LAN parties and get-togethers at my college apartment (really a huge place with 5 bedrooms, 2 living rooms) were awesome for the time. Yes - every shop/restaurant/store/etc I went into used them -from low end to high end. They are ubiquitous in Japan. It took a minute to get used to it as I'm used to handing money to people in the USA. I found some of the people I exchanged with would hand me the money back, hand-to-hand even though I used a tray. It doesn't end there - business cards, receipts and numerous other things have a very specific way of being exchanged that were different to me. But all very cool and novel for me. Definitely worth reading up on some of the basic customs if you travel there. There was a high tolerance for foreigners not knowing how to do things the "proper way" but it's always good to at least learn a bit and try. I'm happy to hear the culture at your company has improved but I don't know if Microsoft is considered "cool" - or whatever that means. Anyone who has been around long enough (and not really that long all things considered) knows better than to ever trust Microsoft. Their whole model has been, and always will be: "Embrace, extend, extinguish". So Microsoft is opening some things up? They've had no choice as they are being left behind more and more. They know the modern developer is not as interested in an expensive IDE and MSDN account when there are many alternatives. We are creating so much more software than before and the top down model Microsoft sold has become niche after many years of dominance. Any open project Microsoft gets involved in and any open standard they get involved in should come with a warning label. Why? Because this is in their DNA. You can't just tear down some 4-story building and put up sky scrappers. There is a maximum density capacity that a lot of Manhattan already exceeds. The trains, sewers and electrical requirements need to be thought of too. Especially the trains which are already way over capacity. Look at what has happened in Williamsburg and the L-train. As more and more warehouses have been converted into apartments and new condo's have gone up, the L-train has become awful for large parts of the day. And the train runs as often as possible during those times. I'm not saying you can't do these things but I do think other things need to be considered. I don't think that's entirely true. Almost every new building has to have 20% of the capacity rented to "Affordable living" standards - far below market rate. We've already seen many isolated corrections in the public market over the last few years. 3D printing has corrected in a massive way. Biotech had a big correction a bit over a year ago, however it has recovered and continues to rally. Solar suffered a correction recently and many small to mid-cap technology companies had a correction about 1.5 years ago too. Apple even saw an isolated correction a couple years ago. That is one reason I believe the public markets are in fact healthy. Sectors have been allowed to correct on their own instead of everything just failing in a systemic way. http://www.dol.gov/whd/regs/compliance/whdfs13.pdf I think there's a very good argument for Uber having to treat the drivers as employees. They are dependent on Uber and Uber sets the amount they will earn. They would more likely be contractors if the drivers set their own rates and Uber would choose who they wanted to drive. Doesn't Uber also try to restrict who they can drive for too? Additionally, Uber's business relies entirely on the labor of the drivers. Uber also supervises the employees in-part by the rating system. In terms of buying their own equipment - this is not an uncommon thing in many trades. Mechanics have to buy their own tools. Many machinists buy their own tools. Truth is there is a lot of gray area here but I can see interpretation both ways. I do hope the drivers in California take this opportunity to organize as quickly as possible and begin collective bargaining with Uber. I'd set Uber's value at less than one billion if this happened. Exactly. Independent contractors set their own pricing. If Uber would allow the drivers to set their rates and then "hire" who they felt was best for them (and then markup the price to the customer for their own profit) only then would the drivers be in control of payment. This is how every other independent contractor works. Just throwing a hypothetical out there. What if this sticks and the drivers decide to organize with a union and collectively bargain a living wage, benefits, etc? What would be the value of Uber (and related businesses)? Would it stay in business even? How many VC's would lose fortunes over Uber going nearly to 0? Would this be the popping of what some suspect is a private equity bubble as the effects of this ripple throughout? Regardless, it would be a very different business with a very different valuation. I don't believe self driving cars will be practical in the next 10 years. Not at the level Uber would benefit. I don't understand why self driving cars are good for Uber. Uber is successful right now due to he network effect of their drivers. Once self driving cars are a reality you will see numerous offers for this service with all of them racing to the bottom. Bigger fish like Apple and Google would be able to siege them and starve them out as pricing races to the bottom. Uber is valuable because of their drivers, not despite their drivers. In the age of self driving cars - Uber won't be able to compete. Uber won't be able to compete in the age of automated drivers. Uber is successful because of their drivers, not despite them. The network effect of having the most drivers lets Uber maintain its dominance in the market. Autos as a Service will be a race to the bottom and there will be a smaller gateway to entry than there is now. Uber is a bad investment. Transport automation is indeed coming. This is even worse for Uber as their main asset right now is their network of drivers. When transport automation is mainstream (still pretty far away) these services will create a race to the bottom as the barrier to entry is very low. Bigger wallets than Uber can price them out. It's still a race to the bottom. Competitors will compete on price (the only thing that really matters at that point) and those with larger wallets or who manufacturer the automated cars (or likely both) will be able to out-price them. That won't be static in the age automated vehicles. Vehicles will be networked and this dynamic will change constantly. Uber's ride data is useless at that point. You may have to pay PMI if you don't have 20% equity. This can cost you a lot of money over time - especially if it will take you years to get 20% equity. And it likely will take you a long time due to the fact that mortgages are structured such that you're mainly paying interest on the loan the first few years creating nearly no equity. So if you buy a house with 10% down if may take you many years to get to 20% equity while paying PMI all the while. And exposing yourself to more foreclosure risk. If you don't have 150k (plus another 50k for buffer) liquid then you probably can't afford the 750k home and look for something cheaper or continue to rent and invest the difference between rent and mortgage to possibly stay ahead of the property values of your area. However, YMMV. Indeed - but now you are a speculator. There is no guarantee that the value will go up, that you will be able to refinance, that your credit will be any good then, that you will even have a job among a myriad of other things. I don't believe the typical person should take on that type of incredible risk. Uber does give you the ability to choose higher quality if you'd like. An UberX is a low quality ride by a likely inexperienced driver with the benefit that it is cheap. An Uber Black gives you a nicer car with a very likely (but not necessarily, but in my experience they are professional private limo drivers) experienced driver. I agree on our societies approach to "value" only relating to cost at the expense of quality - but that's a different topic all together.