> I can see that too, but I don't think it's impossible. Honest question, how do you automate this: http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=85dzsA-qKPw&feature=relat... ? Maybe we shouldn't focus only on the British Empire as the ultimate example, I'd say that the Austro-Hungarian monarchy of the second half of the 19th century is a better example, maybe also one that better fits what lionhearted had in mind. I know that you can blame a lot of things on this particular political entity (the War in Yugoslavia 100 years later being just one example), but it also did a lot of things very well. Actually, come to think of it, large swaths of the European Union are modeled on the Austro-Hungarian example, but those in Brussels are just too scared to admit it. I had a lot of respect for GE until not that long ago, but I think that after things like these ( http://accounting.smartpros.com/x67325.xml ) we shouldn't take this company very seriously. They're just crooks like the rest of Wall Street. > Leaking war videos to show people the real impact of a war - probably okay. "Probably" ?!!? Who are you, people? > To say that Germans "invented modern thought" is pushing it Kant was German. As was Hegel. And Marx. Maybe it's just me, but I'd say that the history (including that of intellectual thought) of the last 200 years would be completely different if it weren't for these 3 guys. > This extends beyond 'working hours' (after all, you're on salary). It is simply a way of ensuring that the companies gets it maximum value for what you invent while being compensated by them. I'm sorry to say it, but unfortunately for us all Marx is beginning to become more and more relevant, again (I, for one, had hoped/thought that we had left him and the problems he described in "Das Kapital" behind us). What you're basically saying (and Marx was trying to explain) is that a company like Google isn't happy with what it gets (in terms of profit) when it employs an engineer for only 8 hours/day, they want him to be on the company payrolls 24 h/day, a thing that even Marx himself wouldn't have thought possible. I mean, it may happen that the above-mentioned engineer has a brilliant idea in his sleep (we've all had our "dreaming in code" moments, no?), but, according to what you're saying, Google is entitled to appropriate that dream's contents as being their own. > "The Noah principle: predicting rain doesn’t count, building arks does." >-Warren E. Buffett He sure got that right :) http://www.nytimes.com/2010/11/17/opinion/17buffett.html?_r=... > Big companies often have purchasing departments actually do the purchase. They are trained to expect discounts and the people in the purchasing department know a lot more about asking for discounts than they know about software, because that is their specialized role in the organization. My wife actually works as a senior purchaser for quite a big (non-US) oil company, and it was funny when she had to negotiate the fees with the web-design company that had been asked to implement an internal application. She didn't know anything about the technical side of it, as you well pointed out (even though I helped her out with is), but the sad part was that even her company's online department (the ones that should have known better) were quite on a different planet. It's interesting how sub-Saharan Africa is still a mostly dark continent. Also interesting are the connections between the Kurds from Turkey and those from present-day Iraq, and how people from Baghdad are still more or less connected to those from the northern parts of Iraq (there's still a major Sunni presence in there as far as I know). Maybe it's a cultural thing (I'm an East-European who's never been to the States), but what's with this obsession about "winning", "not being a loser" etc? > He left behind one or two books that are still worth reading, but his most important legacy was his simplest. Was this irony/sarcasm? Because my detector is off. First of all, I read his 2 volumes of "Democracy in America" a couple of years ago, right after I had read Thucydides's "History of the Peloponnesian War" and just before reading Lord Acton's essays on liberty, and I challenge any of today's economists/political thinkers to come up with something at least 50% better. Second, Tocqueville's "L'Ancien Régime et la Révolution" is in my opinion the book that best describes/explains the French Revolution, which I also think is the event that most defines the last 200 years of Western history and political thought, starting from Kant and continuing with guys like Marx and Lenin. I'd say the 1500s belonged to the Spanish, who lost it big, very big, and the French came soon afterward to fill the gap, until Berezina and Waterloo. I was very surprised when I first found that around 1800 France had a population of ~29 million while England only had ~8 million. > Also worth pointing out is that it's unrealistic to expect that everyone can be happy, some unhappiness is essential to social stability. Thank you for this. This was one of the most important things I learned out of my (pretty) mild depression. Since then whenever I see people pretending to always be happy or at least striving to always be happy I sense that there's something wrong. That, and the thing that I began to understand what the Stoics were saying a little bit more ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Stoicism ) > When computers are creative, when they start doing things that haven't been done before, without the direct programming of any human, then a computer can truly be said to be "in control." I'm still dreaming about the day when a computer would be ironic. Or about when a computer-scientist would write a book similar to Freud's "Jokes and Their Relation to The Unconscious" ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Jokes_and_their_Relation_to_the... ) > The map will shrink greatly. Right now I live about 30 miles from my office and the commute is on the very edge of what I can stand. Make my car driverless (freeing me up to watch TV, read a book, catch up on emails, etc.) and able to travel at twice the speed, and spend the entire trip at top speed (rather than slowing down and speeding up on the highway) and I could feasibly live as far as 100 mph away. The metro already does that for me pretty well. Granted, I live in an European city. > Remember that people mocked the Wright brothers Yeah, but how would you drive a driver-less car on a Somalian road, for example? Or through Cairo, or Istanbul, cities not known for their tight traffic regulations? After all we've had the Prius for ~10 years and it has failed to take over the world. > Normal people don’t study philosophy Well, I don't want to sound like a douche or anything, but they really do know how to pick their words, don't they? Following the same logic only Plato would qualify as a true philosopher (he's the evil mind behind all this "academia" concept anyway), while Democritus, one of the few philosophers who actually knew what he was saying, would just be seen as an amateur. Like always, mr. Krugman gets it wrong. Of course he blames the single currency, when he should have blamed things like "rules governing worker firing helped limit job loss, while strong social-welfare programs ensured that even the jobless retained their health care and received a basic income.". There's one thing that I've learned as a programmer, there's no silver bullet, you can't have both "strong" social programmes and a dynamic and versatile economy. You can't both stay at home doing nothing for most of the day (look at the 35-hour week in France, for example) and still dream at a life-style consisting of holidays abroad and 2 cars per family. > When I read a critique of an article that starts with a personal attack on the writer, I take the critique much less seriously. I don't have anything personally against Krugman, why would I? It's just that when you write a 8-page article in the NY Times bashing the Euro and you don't mention the protests in Hungary ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/2006_protests_in_Hungary ), which practically demonstrated that an European country not affiliated to the Euro cannot devalue its currency, then I'd say you deserve being criticized by anonymous guys like me on the internets. > Not sure why this hasn't been said yet (maybe I missed it), but dukgo.com already has this figured out. Or better yet, search for "fabric python" and be done with it, no need for Google storing all your searches at the expense of you typing a few more characters once in a while. > I'm not sure if the small business owner is really reading through Google's AdWords University documents and watching the YouTube videos. You're going to need people to sell to people and not just bytes on a screen. This is so true. We've just launched a Groupon-clone a couple a months ago in an European country which has a high percentage of Internet penetration, but even though we've built a very simple online system for the business owners to be able to check the redeem-status of the coupons (once the deal is over), there's the problem that more than half of them don't have a computer or Internet connection at the POS. So right now we email them an Excel file with all the coupon codes which they can print at home. Now, asking these people to know about AdWords and such... I don't see how the situation in the States would be so much different. In terms of simplicity and resistance nothing beats Nokia 3310 ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Nokia_3310 ), for me at least. I even threw it against a concrete wall once, it all dissembled into several pieces, but after I had re-assembled them back it was as new. > You break a bad regime by doing better, not by becoming like them. In theory, you're of course correct. In practice, think about the regicide of Charles I or about the French "Reign of Terror" ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Reign_of_Terror ), they were both meant to break bad regimes. How well they've succeeded in doing that it's debatable, the undecidable question is if terror/violence was really necessary. > aggregator sites don't provide any value whatsoever because their only mission is to display ads and drive traffic by spamming Google's index Tripadvisor has been really helpful to me and my wife, as in we don't go to any new hotel without first checking its ratings and comments on tripadvisor. You cannot have that on a hotel's website, objective reviews I mean, nor can you have actual non-photoshopped pictures taken inside said hotels. Talking about "stealing content"... On this link , for example ( http://www.google.com/hotpot?q=restaurante+bucuresti&ssp... ), there's no direct link to the restaurant's website. > but when you look at the details of any restaurant the link is there with phone numbers and other details. Yeah, of course I saw that, but there's the second issue with it: Long story short, I used to be directly involved in building a couple of this type of aggregators (or "vertical search engines", as they were called 2-3 years ago), and we were particularly careful to include a direct link to the webpage we were getting the results from on our SERPS, and also we DID NOT display any contact information for the adds in question (cars and real-estate), as that would have just stolen user clicks from the sites we were parsing (what's the user's incentive to click to the website anymore? if he can see the price and all the contact info he needs on our pages). But mind you, we didn't have Google's lawyers, nor their clout, nor their "don't be evil" slogan, maybe that's the reason why they can do these sorts of things while others think twice about it. That photo of the Danish suburbs is really depressing. I particularly had the South-African photo in mind as a comparison when I made my statement. Don't get me wrong, I don't approve poverty, I've lived for a couple of years on less than $2 a day and my parents still do, it's just that the Danish photo is so devoid of life, of human interaction, that makes it so depressing for me. Maybe I'm a little bit biased because right now I'm reading James C. Scott's "Seeing Like a State: How Certain Schemes to Improve the Human Condition Have Failed" ( http://www.amazon.com/Seeing-Like-State-Condition-Institutio... ), which has a couple of chapters against modern, centralized, well-planed architecture that is designed "to look good from a plane" (he gives Brasilia as a negative example). Now, I know these suburbs weren't probably planned by the Government, but the main idea behind their design and planning is the same, i.e. to look good from a geometrical point of view. >. Yes, it is. Would you trade places with them? Would you want your children to? Honestly, I don't know how did you get so many upvotes. I mean, we have this huge imbalance problem of equality between different peoples right now, which could be easily solved if only the "superior" whites in Europe and the United States would vote down the anti-immigration rules. The situation of poor sub-saharan people, whose way of life was irremediably "improved" by superior European colonialism, would very much be improved if they were allowed to travel and work freely in all over of Western Europe. The same goes for the United States and its hinterland in Latin America. And let me tell you what would happen were we to contact these tribes. Half of them will die from a disease like normal influenza, while the rest will be either lost to cronic alcoholism or to the Brazilian favellas. We've seen all this happen before. > I think bicycles are plain fun. I ride my bicycle to work whenever I can. I would do the same, if only we'd have a decent shower at our workplace, so that I won't smell all day after a bike-ride from home. Nevertheless, I can't wait for this winter to be finally over so that I can take my bike for photo-taking rides outside the city I live in. (if it matters, I'm a fellow (East-)European whose city doesn't have that many bike-lines, but it doesn't matter anyway, cause I've first ridden a bike on a national road at age 12, so nothing scares me :) ). > Long term, a society that values 100% employment over technological progress will be stomped by the society that allows its industries to automate themselves. Yeap, but assuming you're a country with 20% unemployment that has a very high level of competitiveness, how do you deal with those young, unemployed people (they're mostly young) roaming the streets with nothing else better to do and with their pockets empty? What if they decide to topple the government, or to steal, or to do anything anti-social? They don't have anything to lose anyway. > Or to put it a different way, manufactures haven't hired in so long that most of the people being displaced by layoffs are older. Sorry for the NY Post link, I'm too lazy to find the original source right now, but here it is ( http://www.nypost.com/p/news/business/item_AnwaWNOGqsXMuIlGO... ): """ The number of young Americans without a job has exploded to 53.4 percent — a post-World War II high, according to the Labor Dept (...) The number represents the flip-side to the Labor Dept.'s report that the employment rate of 16-to-24 year olds has eroded to 46.6 percent -- the lowest ratio of working young Americans in that age group, including all but those in the military, since WWII. """ I don't think the situation has improved that much since September 2009. And, like I said, I'm lazy, otherwise I would have found even worst figures from Western Europe countries. > the worlds (first?) best postal service for the time The first one actually belongs to Darius I of Persia ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Royal_Road ) """ Mounted couriers could travel 1,677 miles (2,699 km) in seven days; the journey from Susa to Sardis took ninety days on foot. The Greek historian Herodotus wrote, "There is nothing in the world that travels faster than these Persian couriers." Herodotus's praise for these messengers"Neither snow, nor rain, nor heat, nor darkness of night prevents these couriers from completing their designated stages with utmost speed"was the inspiration for the unofficial motto of the United States Postal Service.[3] """ IMHO, this does nothing else than hurt morale. It's not that the Nokia engineers were so stupid as to not know where their platform stands. This memo only contains lamentations over lamentations, with only a small, general call to action towards the end: "We are working on a path forward -- a path to rebuild our market leadership. When we share the new strategy on February 11, it will be a huge effort to transform our company. " The way I see these types of memos work is like this: spend the first part of it describing the problem, and the second part should include the suggested solutions. I know a former boss of mine who , if I didn't do that in my "lamentation" emails, i.e. not suggest solutions, would have smashed my head against the nearest desk. > My friends give their wives all their money. Isn't this how things are done in a normal relation? I mean not necessarily giving the money to your wife, but having both yours and your wife's money in the same pool. > Socializing, a family, learning macrame - all of those things do not add to being the ultimate hacker. When you build stuff for the outside world to use (software, architecture etc.) then knowledge of the "outside world" is of extreme importance. You being the "ultimate hacker" or the greatest architect since Phidias has no importance whatsoever. Funny to see zope.interface on that list. I remember back in 2005, when Zope 3 had just been launched, about how everyone who mattered in the Zope world would say things like "only stupid, retrograde people won't switch to Zope3". I guess the stupid people won, because 6 years on Zope is like the Cobol of Python web frameworks. I just hope the same thing won't happen to Python itself. > So who wants to build a real Q/A site based on this? Call it hal-18000. You'd have to learn it to deal with thick accents like this one: http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=5FFRoYhTJQQ . Honestly, I don't know if that's possible, no matter how much training you'd put into the machine. > Natural Language Processing != Voice Recognition This is what I don't get, why should be "language processing" tied to written text? Part of the answer I know, because it's easier for computers to parse, but other than that it doesn't make sense. The thought of tearing apart/desecrating a written book gives me the shivers. It doesn't matter if it's in a language I don't understand. Or maybe it's just me :) > It's easy to be indignant when you wilfully misunderstand and/or ignore the fundamental principles of human society. Which, I guess, is exploitation :) Also, don't forget South Korean and Hong Kong cinema. For example Scorsese's "The Departed" is a (inferior) remake after a Hong Kong trilogy. > and this released steam is irradiated I wonder where this steam is going to end up. All those lambasting us about how this is "not another Chernobyl" seem to forget mentioning this, as if all this mess isn't serious enough if it's not on par with Chernobyl. > What do you do on the weekends? Also, what does his/her spouse think about it? > How can you be so obtuse? Yeah, that always gets to me, too. And it is also funny how lots of these people try to downplay the effects of the Chernobyl disaster, if that's even possible. When it comes to the number of casualties they hurry up in bringing up the 4,000 mentioned in the IAEA report, which is like asking Dick Cheney or Donald Rumsfeld of writing up about the effects of the Iraq mess. Just today I was reading about how in one of counties of Romania (of which I am a citizen) the number of deaths caused by cancer is double the number of deaths caused by TBC (which used to be the number one killer before 1986) or diabetes. One might argue that this may be caused by a sudden change in the the conditions of living or anything related, but I can assure you that's not the case (if anything, heart-related deaths should have been on the number one spot). Of course, you won't see these cancer-related deaths taken into account in any of IAEA's reports. I also have some sort of personal emotional involvement in all this, as one of my childhood playmates and best-friends died of leukemia in 1990. He was 5 when Chernobyl happened, but of course no-one can link his death to that disaster, can it? It doesn't matter that I can't even remember one case of my parents telling me about kids dying of cancer in the '50s or the '60s, because that just didn't happen (although child mortality was way higher back then). It all miraculously started to happen after Chernobyl. > an excuse to paint nuclear power as completely unsafe and dangerous 50 people sacrificing their lives so that anything even shittier would not happen "is safe and not dangerous"? I fail to imagine what you really find "unsafe and dangerous". Without nuclear power IAEA's "raison d'être" vanishes. Without the Iraq war Cheney and Rumsfeld wouldn't have won the 2004 elections. Then I guess people are stupid, aren't they, because of all the friends I know none of them would prefer having his/her house close to a nuclear plant, compared to having it close to a coal plant. And what do you know? These stupid people (including me) do have the power to vote, and I sure as hell would vote for nuclear power plants to be closed down were I given the chance to do so. > What people are you talking about? These: http://streaming.tepco.co.jp/tepco_people/index-j.html From here: http://www.reddit.com/r/worldnews/comments/g3zel/breaking_ex... In responding to jbri's comment bellow, as the "Reply" link doesn't show up for me on that one: > Are you suggesting that because ignorant people think something is unsafe, that means that it actually is unsafe? Yeah, this is what I'm saying, but isn't this what web 2.0 people were calling "wisdom of the crowds"? I guess back then it sounded cool, now it's just "return to technocracy" once more. > Crowds are dumb. The only time you want to follow the "wisdom of the crowd" is when the crowd is your marketable commodity. We're settled, then, because this is where we disagree :) I believe in the power of the people of taking decisions for themselves (even if the decisions are dumb), while you suggest than an informed elite should have the upper hand (if I read you correctly). I could go on and on about why I believe in what I said above (maybe the fact that I grew up under an authoritarian regime), but that doesn't belong in here, and I'm pretty sure you have your good reasons for believing in what you said. I guess history will decide. Yeap, you're right on the first 2 points I was trying to make. Reguarding this > If you're saying a dumb herd of people's panicky reactions to a scary situation actually mean nuclear power is more dangerous than other forms, you're dead wrong. I didn't say that people's reaction to nuclear power changes it into something "dangerous", I was only saying that if people decide not to fund nuclear development anymore (say, by not allowing their Governments to subsidize said industry) then its voice should be listened to, even if to some it may sound "dumb" or "panicky". This is why I said that if the voice of the majority isn't listened to we're back to Technocracy, i.e. a small group of informed elite taking vital decisions for the rest of us. > That a nuclear power station situation in a major earthquake zone next to the coast could magically survive a 9.0 earthquake and a tsunami? The un-posed question is "what happens if a group of terrorists fly an A380 directly into one of these plants"? Someone on reddit was mentioning that a nuclear plant in Texas was built to "withstand a direct hit from an F-16 traveling at supersonic speeds", but I guess an A380 is so much heavier and larger than a F-16. Because right now terrorists don't even need to get access to the US aerial space, they can hit a nuclear plant in Mexic (let's say this one http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Laguna_Verde_Nuclear_Power_Stat... ) and still be able to cause important damage to the US population. Here's the reddit comment I was talking about: http://www.reddit.com/r/pics/comments/g3tfr/and_you_are_tell... > Either way, there is no possible way you have enough information to make any of the claims you just made. I took out this from this report ( http://www.euronuclear.org/reflections/nuclear-facilities.ht... ), which I think was also mentioned by jgrahamc: > The studies showed that even if knowledgeable insiders could disable key safety equipment, redundant systems would provide backup protection. In scenarios where all engineered safety systems were ruined, there was still a period of hours to take corrective actions before onset of core damage. Now, you may argue that what indeed went wrong in the case of the Fukushima plant was that the "redundant systems" didn't provide the "backup protection" the experts relied on. I see this report is confident this would not be the case were the terrorists to hit a nuclear plant, but based on what happened in the last few days I'd say the confidence level for that scenario is bellow 100%. Anyway, thx for those downvotting me, and I hope I'll never be proven right. Supposedly an A380 carries much more fuel, whose explosive power might make up for the difference in impact speed. > It seems that the IAEA is not a useful source of up-to-date information here. From the agency's statute page ( http://www.iaea.org/About/statute_text.html#A1.2 ): > The Agency shall seek to accelerate and enlarge the contribution of atomic energy to peace, health and prosperity throughout the world. Now why would an Agency which is interested in "accelerating" the use of atomic energy for "prosperity" around the world say anything too negative about all this mess? > but we will hear about people sufferring from thyroid cancer 20 years after Chernobyl until the end of time. You can afford to be snarky when you didn't see a 8-year old died of leukemia because of Chernobyl. I don't care if HN bans me or anything, but as someone how has known and befriended such a kid, I tell you this: fuck you. Children dying of leukemia because of radiation is worst than hell on earth (not that I'm a spiritual person anyway). And just FYI, my brother lives close to a hydroelectric plant that were it to collapse then he would be dead in maximum 10-15 minutes (this is the plant: http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Vidraru_Dam ). My father's uncle (after whom I'm named), who was a technician at that dam, actually died while working there (a control room got flooded before he could escape from it). But it doesn't matter, I would still choose hydro over nuclear, because it just feels right. > I'm not sure what I'm supposed to be concluding from this. A day after the reddit comment the NyTimes had a front-page article on them: http://www.nytimes.com/2011/03/16/world/asia/16workers.html . The general tone of the article and of the people commenting on the article was that of "sacrifice", i.e. people putting their lives on the line for the benefits of the greater community. Updated: More about it from here ( http://www.nzherald.co.nz/japan-tsunami/news/article.cfm?c_i... ): > David Richardson, a professor of epidemiology at the university of North Carolina who has studied the long-term health risks for nuclear plant workers, told the BBC those at Fukushima would receive in an hour the same amount of radiation a US nuclear worker is exposed over an entire career. To a non-specialist like me that sounds like "sacrifice". > That was the reaction in 2003 when Denise Griffin, the person in charge of Google’s small customer-support team, asked Page for a larger staff. Instead, he told her that the whole idea of customer support was ridiculous. Rather than assuming the unscalable task of answering users one by one, Page said, Google should enable users to answer one another’s questions. That explains a few things... I wonder why they they even bothered writing Google Forums, they could have just thrown phpBB at it and call it a day. I like it that there are at least 2 other programmers out-there using Python's IDLE. All this time I thought I was the only one using it :) > It has been estimated that 17 million were exposed to significant radiation after Chernobyl and nearly 2,000 people have since developed thyroid cancer having consumed contaminated food and milk as children. Citation needed for this one, other than one coming from an industry-lobbyist like IAEA. Me replying to me own comment, and because I've just seen that he's posted an Update linking to an UN study, here's a link to a book written on the effects of Chernobyl which presents a much bigger number: http://books.google.com/books?id=g34tNlYOB3AC&lpg=PA186&... I can tell you that in the case of my country, Romania, the numbers are probably even higher because of a lot of mis-reporting (voluntary or not), or just plain stupidity from the doctors when it came to diagnosing (just fyi, we had close to 7,000 kids "accidentally" infected with HIV at at the end of the '80s). And also, a very interesting extract from Wikipedia's entry on one of the authors of the above book: http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Vassili_Nesterenko > Because of his activities, he lost his job and got problems with the State Security Agency of Belarus, which threatened him with internment in a psychiatric asylum. Later, however, the Belarusian government tried to soften him proposing him to get back a job in a state institute, "at the condition that he would not work on Chernobyl anymore." He escaped two assassination attempts.[1] > Nesterenko intervened immediately after news of the accident in the nuclear power plant started to spread. As an expert on the subject and with his experience as a fire fighter, he threw liquid nitrogen containers from a helicopter on the burning reactor core. To do this he had to move into the middle of radioactive smoke. Despite the heavy radioactive contamination of the area, Nesterenko survived. However, of the four passengers of his helicopter, three died from radioactive irradiation and contamination.[1] > get fed 3 meals a day during the week Sounds like a nursery :) You don't see that many states declaring war on the United States because of Guantanamo or the immoral treatment of Bradley Manning. So, let's forget this moral bullshit scenario we use as an excuse and give correct references to Hobbes and Machiavelli. In other words, we attacked Lybia because we are stronger than them and because we thought that the costs will be smaller than the benefits. > Are you equating those actions to Gaddafi's proclamation that he would weed out rebels 'House by house, room by room' in Benghazi? That's the thing, because I really do want to believe in Kant's credo that humanity/human life should always be treated as an end in itself, and not as a mean to whatever other ends, so that you could say that I do "equate" Gaddafi's actions to any other Government-inflicted injustices done to other people around the world. Although I would object against the use of the term "equate", because this sort of implicitly suggests that human life is just an operator in a mathematical operation. This is I think the reason why Kant was very strongly behind the idea of "Perpetual peace" ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Perpetual_peace#The_Kantian_vie... ) Of course, like you rightly suggest the world is not black and white :), and I agree with you (hence my reference to Hobbes, for example), but what bugs me in all these articles is that the people writing them seem to have no idea of what has been discussed on this matter for at least the last 350 years, or, even worse, they treat us like we have no idea, and just regard us as children being told what's good and right. Thomas Paine ( http://files.libertyfund.org/pll/quotes/123.html ): > War is the common harvest of all those who participate in the division and expenditure of public money, in all countries. It is the art of conquering at home; the object of it is an increase of revenue; and as revenue cannot be increased without taxes, a pretence must be made for expenditure. In reviewing the history of the English Government, its wars and its taxes, a bystander, not blinded by prejudice nor warped by interest, would declare that taxes were not raised to carry on wars, but that wars were raised to carry on taxes. > and is pretty much universally repudiated. Just curious, based on what? > Ever been unable to think of a word for what you wanted to say? Wouldn't that be an "unknown unknown"? My mother-tongue, Romanian, has a word called dor , whose exact meaning/translation I could never find in any English-written text. It doesn't describe unicorns in heavens or any such non-existent thing, in fact there is a similar term called saudade in Portuguese ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Saudade ), but the thing is that in order to get its full meaning you need to have it included in a larger text, because words by themselves don't mean anything. And the ability of seeing the bigger picture (I know it sounds enterprisey, but that's how I see it). I can still remember our 1st year Physics professor telling us, a class of nerdy CS kids, about how familiarity and a deeper understanding of the field you're writing your programs for is way more important than pointers, data structures etc. IAEA is the nuclear industry's main lobby agency. Is like asking OPEC what do they they think about the Gulf oil spill. So no, coming with data provided by them is no better than what you see in the newspapers. > Success is essentially all that's valued at both an educational and social level, which entirely ignores the value of actually learning something, improving your future attempts. Which I find quite strange, especially as our Western culture wouldn't have existed without Socrates, who championed the exact same ideas you're talking about :) > Any parent can do it. Yeah, but it's easier to shift the responsibility to other, more "professional-looking" people, especially if you have the money to do that. Which doesn't mean that I don't agree with you. One of my first childhood memories is of my father teaching me the letters of the alphabet, when I was 4 or so. He was on a lunch-break, I remember that, he worked on a construction site. After that it was easy to learn to read by myself at about 5, one day I just opened a kids' book and, as I had already knew what those letters meant, it was easy to start reading. He also taught me the first words and expressions in French ("ceci est une pipe" and all that), when I was 8 or 9. Nothing too fancy, he just taught me how to pronounce the words in French and we read a couple of simple phrases out-loud. That gave me a huge advantage over my school-colleagues a couple of years later, when we started to learn French in school. It also mattered a lot for me that my parents' house was full of books, and the fact that I saw my father reading each and every day. > I'm curious. I never studied Socrates in detail and the closest I've come are hodgepodge collection of folklore First and most important thing, when reading Plato you always hear Socrates say again and again that one should "know himself" ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Know_thyself#By_Plato ). I don't have any exact citation at hand, you can find the exact links on wikipedia, but this theme seams to permeate all his speeches. Sometimes even if it's not said in plain words you kind of feel that that's what he has been after all along, i.e. a better understanding of oneself. And there's also Socrate's mistrust regarding books, which isn't directed at the physical objects, but more at what the books represent, condensed wisdom that many of us already take for granted without questioning. In certain ways that's very similar to what the modern educational system does to today's kids, I mean we take lots of things for granted without bothering of thinking with our heads anymore. > To me (as an outsider) it looks as if the USA, en masse, doesn't believe in science anymore. I'm also an outsider, but I think this is really a money problem. The same thing happened in the USSR in the late '80s, suddenly there was no money for science anymore, it didn't matter that the Soviet scientists had helped produce great things. > Websites care a lot about their Google organic search rankings (which is why, for example, helping websites improve their rankings is multibillion-dollar industry). A button that improved search rankings would likely get prominent placement by many websites. No way in hell this cannot be spammed to death. No way, I say, Google has these clever algorithms that make sure that all the search results have a least a link to about.com on their first page. > Facebook is such a horrible platform for creative people. Just as an anecdote, I'll tell you what my creative wife did this weekend. She wrote 2 or 3 posts on her blog, and then she bugged me all day to tell her which one of them was any good, because she wanted to post the good ones on Facebook for all her friends to see. You could say "Hey, why don't the 200 friends she has follow her blog using Google Reader?", but that's not how things work in real, non-geeky life. Heck, for all I know a public library subscription would be more useful in "getting to know oneself" by reading what the great minds of our world had to say about it, not to mention that it'd be a lot more cheaper A Milan Kundera reference in Forbes magazine... The world must be approaching its end, then :) > Before Google Map Maker—a product that enables people to add to and update the map for locations around the world—only 15 percent of the world’s population had detailed online maps of their neighborhoods. It's like OpenStreetMap doesn't even exist. This is sad, coming from an official Google blog, I don't think it's the good way forward. As far as classical literature goes, if you're read Balzac, Stendhal and Tolstoy then you've read them all. Problem solved :) > Google Profiles ( https://profiles.google.com/ ) has better usability and a cleaner design than Apple's homepage ( http://www.apple.com/ ). It's only a matter of taste. For me that page is ugly as hell. I haven't activated my profile yet, and maybe because of this that page looks empty, no content on it, no reasons given to me for why I should ever activate my profile. On top of that, I also managed to break their JS on the first couple of minutes of browsing it. I clicked on the "PicassaWeb" tab link and strange layover window reluctantly showed up (after 2 or 3 seconds on the first try). When I try to close that by clicking the "No thanks" link nothing happens, apart from FF reporting a JavaScript error: > Error: h is undefined Source File: https://profiles.google.com/c/ui/js/122008102-PwaLinkMain.js Line: 39 I'm on FF 3.6.13, Windows 7. Here's a quick screenshot: http://i.imgur.com/f67Nj.png I don't think they're going to catch Facebook with that ugly page design and beginners' mistakes. > Not to mention an established relationship with millions of businesses through AdWords. I still think you need to have people on the ground. And lots of them. As a small aside, I work for a Groupon-clone website in a non-US market. I've built a very nice Internet-based redemption interface for the business owners to check the clients' coupons. Guess what? ~75% of them don't even have Internet at the POS, they print their coupon lists at a home computer and somehow manage all the clients we send them manually. We also manually create accounts for about half of them, because, apparently, creating an user account on our Drupal-based website is too damn difficult. Maybe this time is different, and all the tech-savy small-business owners from out-there will go directly into Google's arms. I personally doubt it. > The author is not saying "write C in Python," he's saying "Aim for C-style abstractions in Python." i.e. build the codebase around the bread-and-butter: function calls, iteration, reference-passing and mutability, and not around abuse of the numerous higher-level abstractions available(meta-programming, yield, exec()...). It's a lesson learned regularly by programmers as they gain experience and move towards conservativism, after having seen all their silver bullet attempts go up in flames. Amen to that. I've been programming in Python for 7 years now, but lately I had started to see more and more of my fellow Pythonistas dropping "yields" all over the place, using "generator this / generator that" etc. I thought I was either getting too old or maybe I was not smart enough, because to me Python it's 99% about writing and manipulating nice hash tables (dictionaries, as they are called) and lists (I love those list comprehensions). Again, maybe is just me, I just felt that adding another layer of abstraction would get between me and the data I'm trying to manipulate when I write my programs. > They don't want to deal with that shit. There's no conspiracy. I totally agree with you. Why would any Übermensch in his right mind eat and drink in the same room as a yellow-badged Untermensch? That's heresy. > 2)... are mostly people of color and cannot eat Google meals That's a bummer, because those were indeed people of color who were not allowed to eat Google meals. Well, at least I know why it took you guys in the States 100 years to actually give equal rights to your fellow black citizens: you were all too afraid of losing your jobs. > The opposite of this is the windows effect (aka the php effect), where you get disrepected for using a particular technology regardless of how talented or productive you actually are with it. Just wanted to add my related $0.02 rant: Everybody bashes PHP for its associative arrays, but when Python finally implemented the same data-structure (ordered dicts I think they are called) a long, long time after PHP first got them, then everybody started congratulated themselves and saying "what a nice idea the Python guys implemented!". > Gates is putting his money where his mouth is. He is an investor in his friend Nathan Myrhvold’s nuclear reactor startup Terrapower, Conflict of interests. Move on, people. > However, anyone would invest in something and promote it if they believe in it. Yeah, you're right, but then again, the title should have been more like "Atomic Industry Investor Bill Gates On Nuclear Energy: Compared To Coal, It Is Still Safer", because right now I tend to read it more like "Renowned philanthropist Bill Gates On Nuclear Energy: Compared To Coal, It Is Still Safer" > Hopefully, people will be too busy surfing the web to notice that their cars are politely improving traffic flow. I actually did that while traveling to work this very morning :) No need to dive into the future for that. It's called public transportation. > Plug in a camera and it offers to upload them to Picasa. I'm on a 3-day trip to Paris, with my wife. At the end of day one we go back to our cheap 3-star hotel room, and we want to upload the day's pictures. All 200 of them (that's about 700MB on my photo camera). What do I do? Do I use my Internet roaming? That would be ~700 euro, so no. Do I rely on my hotel's crappy and expensive Internet connection to upload the photos to Picassa? No, because I don't want to lose half a night and ~100 euros (at ~20 euros per hour). Why can't I just download all the photos on my laptop, no Internet traffic involved, and upload a select few on Facebook, like everybody does? (because what would be the fun of going to Paris if you can't brag about it on FB? right when it happens, not after 3 days, not after 3 weeks). > You can translate a text from any language to any other language without losing its meaning You can't translate poetry. Sure, you can find the equivalent words between the language in which the poem has been written and the language you want to translate into, but the original meaning is lost. I can give you countless examples, but the easiest it would be for you to pick a poems' book written in a foreign language (I assume you already know a foreign language) and read it in original. And then read the translation in your native tongue. They aren't quite the same, are they? > If money, or geography, or whatever is preventing it, they'll still do the best they can to make sure they don't miss anything. I live in Romania, and unfortunately for those a little older than me the '80s were pretty hard times, with us being on the wrong side of the Iron Curtain and living under a dictatorship. Nevertheless, people couldn't care less, they were still listening to Radio Free Europe for the latest "decadent" music charts, even though that could have meant their parents losing their State-controlled jobs or even going to prison. So, yeah, trying to impose stupid barriers (be them real or virtual) has never worked and they'll never do. Lew Rockwell's blog : http://www.lewrockwell.com/blog/ Economist.com blogs, especially the Johnson blog ( http://www.economist.com/blogs/johnson ) and the "Free exchange" blog ( http://www.economist.com/blogs/freeexchange ) Planet Python : http://planet.python.org/ The Erlang sub-reddit: http://www.reddit.com/r/erlang > People I know get most of their information digitally, reading books, articles, news, doing research, etc., all via computers, ipads, kindles, etc. It's just an easier way to consume information. Any book-lover would tell you that reading them books is not only about "consuming information". Otherwise, I would be a little bit skeptical in announcing the death of a cultural item that has been with us for at least 2,000 years. With an online library how are you going to "serendipitously" find new books from other domains you don't know you're interested in? I remember when I was 14 or 15, I was going to our small-town's public library once every 2 days or so, I was reading all the SF books I could find. The thing is that the SF books shelf was just after the history books shelf, and, even though I liked history, I never would have thought of reading history books if it weren't for me passing in front of that history books shelf each and every time. > Maybe I'm missing something else? I don't think you're necessarily wrong, maybe is just that us, "book-fetishists", are a dying species :) Reading your post I thought a little harder about why I wouldn't like physical books to go away, or to be transformed into "souvenirs" (which I think it's pretty much the same as them books going away). First, like I said, maybe I'm just a "book-fetishist". It's very hard to explain, Borges explained it best when he said that he hopes "Heaven is a library". Second, and I saw that you wrote about that in your blog post, books do indeed "represent things, places, times, events or ideas to certain people". I know it happens to me very often to just sit in my couch and look through the titles of the books I've accumulated in my personal library. Half of them I haven't even read, but just reading their titles gives you a special feeling. Last and not least, I still continue to believe that my interest in reading was very much nurtured by me growing in a small apartment filled up with the books that my dad had bought. I kind of hope that my unborn child will inherit the same passion, just because s/he would grow up in a house surrounded by books. > The strange hate for people who are "cheap" is one of the more bizarre about Americans. I also find strange the stigma attached to being a "loser". > the questions are biased in favor of a `theory` person over a `practice` person. Reminds me of a phone-interview I had with Adobe for a Python job. The guy at the other end of the line asks me to sort of implement an algorithm, on the phone, I ended up solving his problem using a dictionary, getting its keys and then sorting it. That of course wasn't what the guy wanted, but it solved the problem. I eat lots and lots of bread (what you would call "carbs") but basically no meat, and I'm quite skinny nevertheless. I do no sports (I've only recently started to ride my bicycle after a 10-year pause), nor am I on any diet or anything similar. So, yeah, I don't see how carbs are worse than fat.