The interesting quote is that Baidu removes privacy violating documents. Yet, they have no problem with IP violations (mainly by linking to stolen ebook PDFs.) Not going to happen. A lack of IP and patent protections along with an educational culture that discourages innovation and "standing out" is a significant barrier to improvements. Plaigarism and outright theivery is commonplace among academics, students and researchers -- there's little incentive for scientific discovery. Also, the basic sciences are also lacking in many areas as well. Scientists know that basic science drives future innovation. Until China has a paradigm shift in IP attitudes, we'll continue to find that they will lag behind in innovation. I can't think of any significant Chinese scientific innovation in the recent past. (Despite patent filings to the contrary.) Much of their "research" is simply reverse engineering of others' work. I may be a little inflamatory with this comment, but I live in Shanghai and see the reality every day. For China to overtake the US in two years would be like suggesting that Google will declare bankruptcy next week. It's theoretically possible, but with a micro-probability. You're right. Completely insensitive. Way out of line. We must all strive to sterilize the discourse to a level that is sensitive to every possible iteration of sensitivity. Mustn't ever joke about anything so sensitive. Perhaps laws ought to be proposed. Al Gore is obviously an expert. His "science" has been correct so many times before. Location-based information is in the iPhone user agreement. If people are concerned about their locations being recorded onto their computers during sync-- that's a good reason to encrypt the backup. This story is more cool than frightening. Cell companies already have location logs for ALL cell users. Encrypt the backup through iTunes and there should not be any concern. Google already tracks every search query and IP matches -- search histories are far more intrusive than a cell tower triangulation with 100-300 meter accuracy. That appraisal tool is somewhat worthless. Apparently google.com is worth $4300. For some reason Google doesn't want to sell it though. That's just awesome. All we need now is some testing environments for Maxthon and we'll have a complete kit to ensure that websites are compatible with the crappiest browsers available. I'm still looking for a way to emulate Windows 3.1 on OS X. That, along with some 1.44 floppies and I'll be in dev hell. Good luck. You might as well try negotiating an unblock with China. It isn't about invasion its about the IP theft and industrial/scientific espionage. The China threat is extremely real, especially in high tech areas. The Chinese version of "collaboration" is "you innovate, we report to Beijing." The Chinese intelligence services are the most active in the world -- they make the KGB look like girl scouts. There's a reason for it. Spend some time doing business in China and you'll understand. It isn't that they aren't "smart" enough -- it's that there is no culture of innovation. The best and brightest are running tech startups -- they work for the military and police apparatus. Come to China, find some "innovations." The last Chinese invention of any significance was gunpowder. Have a look a Baidu, Maxthon and the warehouses full of copycat iPads. Look at their cars, military machinery -- most of their military equipment is Soviet retreads or reverse-engineered US stuff. The Chinese are dangerous because there is no end to their industrial and scientific aggression. When a US company wants to do business in China, they are forced to take Chinese "partners." The US side of the office does the work and the Chinese side simply copies and sends the information onward. There is no such thing as a trade secret for a foreign company in China. The culture is entrepreneurial, but it isn't one of invention, it's one of doing something someone else has done and doing it cheaper and at a lower quality. Come to China -- you'll see. There are some good things in China, but they are the exception that proves the rule. Israel doesn't have a habit of threatening US interests. Israel didn't attempt to shoot down our aircraft and hold our aircrews hostage. Israel isn't threatening Taiwan, propping up North Korean dictators or funneling weapons to Darfur. Israel is actually a partner in security as opposed to an opponent. Israel isn't manipulating currency or holding world financial markets hostage. I guess Israel bashing is fashionable. By the way, you have no evidence that Israel has stolen more IP than China -- that's just a nonsensical claim. Completely correct. The Chinese are fiercely protective. Just try to buy a Harley Davidson in Shanghai. Chinese are the most protectionist country in the G20 without a doubt. Their economy is headed for a significant crisis in the next 5 years. They put on a pretty facade, but it's smoke and mirrors once you get past the empty concrete shells. I don't know if it's possible, but perhaps you could do an IP switch.. maybe you can trick FB into allowing your site. Only problem is Sococo is designed for closed groups, and it has no video -- it's hardly a Skype competitor in functionality. Besides for group chat and conference calls and Campfire does it better for less money and without having to download anything -- it's elegantly Rails and works from anywhere on any device. I'm sure Microsoft will find a way to break Skype like it breaks everything else! Let's hope he does something amazing with his new gear. I don't think it would make up for the kidney, but maybe he can be the next whoever and make this merely a footnote in his personal success story. Hopefully. Otherwise it would just be a tragic waste. Thanks.. we're going to check that out. As someone who is prepping for a potential DEMO launch, these tips are extremely helpful. While not all are applicable to DEMO, all of the tips are fantastically useful. Thanks! Very relevant to what? Sarah Palin is not a public official. It would have been great to have such journalistic ambition when it came to vetting the presidential candidates of 2008 IN 2008. I didn't see any similar attempts to comb through the Climategate emails or analyze Al Gore's pseudoscience propaganda. Palin is a non-entity. We should be spending our time combing through the current administration as opposed to wasting time on a private citizen. It's a bunch of nonsense -- this Palin obsession. I'm Republican, I vote, but I'd never vote for Palin, but I also don't think it's useful to sift through 24000 emails with the hope of finding something "useful." It isn't a former governor and failed candidate that has any power over taxes, budgets or defense -- it's the current administration. Wrong or right, the Obama (and all administrations) should be fully investigated by journalism organizations -- it's their job and they seem to be asleep, dreaming of Palin. Yeah, because it smacks of political nonsense. HN shouldn't (in my view) be used as a political campaign machine. Politics shouldn't be on HN unless it directly relevant to tech or startups, etc. Yet another Bitcoin story. How nice. Hashrocket.com -- the best guys around and they can work via video conference. They're in Jacksonville not San Fran, but it's worth the logistical accommodation. I wonder if the global cooling predictions of the 1960s and 1970s should be mentioned. So build something better and let the market decide. I can teach my mother in law to use an iPhone in five minutes. Giving her all of this "freedom" would make the devices much harder to use and maintain, not to mention far more insecure. Not much of a malware danger on ios either. There are very few apps that need a jail broken device; the few that are unique are generally dealing with features the average user wouldn't want or need. For those Ivory Tower types, there's no law against jailbreaking.. One more thing-- no one forces anyone to use a particular technology (unless it's being forced to use Windows at work.) The tin foil hat crowd might have some grand fears, but it's groundless -- you only give up the privacy you choose to give up. Google has never knocked on my door forcing me to give up private information, although the US government does! I would be more worried about intrusive and over regulatory whims of the government-- they can enforce their schemes at the point of a gun. Worry about the government and let the market take care of everything else. Nope. Money will be made in all kinds of markets. Wanna join a startup? Email me: superacidjax@me.com I need a strong Rails guy soon. Sounds a lot like working in China or Korea. When you increase the test taking pool and there is an increasing number of ESL students taking the exam, average scores are going to drop. The problem isn't legislation like the Ted Kenney/GW Bush No Child Left Behind, it's that the important critical thinking and higher level reading skills required are being ignored in lieu of an increased focus on just getting kids to pass minimum standards. As a result, the majority of educational initiatives are aimed at the lower end of the educational achievement bell curve at the expense of the true "college bound" student. There's also a push that "every child could/should go to college" as opposed to the old days when vocational and trade programs were more prominent. As a result more kids that have no interest or ability to succeed in college are taking the SAT. It's simple -- with a larger sample size, you'll have more low scores. However, one critical area that is being ignored is that the College Board routinely re-centers scores. The real question isn't what the reported scores are -- it's the difference in the raw test scores that are the key. I would argue that the raw scores are probably just the same as they've always been -- however if more people score "above average" then of course, the College Board will have to make the "average" score more average. One might be able to make the case that scores are actually higher now than they were in 1995 and as a result the scaled scores have been adjusted to reflect this new average. I am a high school teacher in Shanghai and do private SAT tutoring and have been studying and dealing with SAT scoring and preparation for many years -- I'm not noticing a decline in students as much as I'm noticing an increased reliance upon test prep -- which would skew the averages to be higher and result in the College Board adjusting the reported score/raw score in order for the test to maintain validity in the eyes of the colleges. In reality, the SAT is not a valid test of anything other than the ability to take the SAT. I could teach almost anyone to "beat" the test. It really isn't a function of intelligence as much as strategy. But the College Board is in the business of selling tests and so they must create some score distribution as a means for universities to short-cut their admissions process. It's much easier to compare 20000 applications on basis of SAT/GPA than it would be to consider GPA and the full range of other indicators. While universities do consider those indicators -- it's usually only after making their private cuts based on some numeric rubric. That's the real tragedy -- not that the SAT scores are going down, but that the SAT scores are still being used at all. It would make much more sense to use Advanced Placement results since those are actual college level courses. The SAT II is also more valid since those tests are actually subject matter exams rather than some arbitrary gauge of critical thinking skills. However, the SAT has been adapting someone with more emphasis on real academic skills, but it's still a very beatable, very trainable test. It would be much more difficult to coach someone on beating the AP exam, since those test actual knowledge and application rather than just simple strategy. An increase of the AP program would cost hundreds of millions for schools and there's no way they'll do it because they're too busy teaching 10th graders how to read and making sure that kids learn plenty of political correctness. No danger from the Chinese kids. I tutor rich Chinese students in SAT and they routinely get hammered by the SAT Critical Reading and the Writing sections. They'll ace the math, but until their language and critical thinking skills improve, there isn't much danger there. The testing machine culture of China (and Korea, Japan) doesn't reward critical thinking, so as a result, those students are far behind their American counterparts once they get out of the memorization paradigm. Only 1 of my students scored a perfect 2400 on the SAT and she spent years in the US and didn't go through the Chinese educational system. Most of my Chinese students tend to score around 1800-1900 total, with scores in the 700s for math and the 500s for critical reading and writing. I don't have any data on the Indian students.. That's mildly hilarious -- "Boeing is designing planes with the Chinese market in mind.." I guess that means they're designing planes that can fly themselves or at least be operated by a high school graduate who has never been in a Cessna. Or, perhaps Boeing is going to hard-code a 90 minute delay so as to save the overloaded Shanghai and Hong Kong air traffic controllers the effort of letting planes rot on the tarmac due to traffic mismanagement. Yeah, I'm not a big fan of Chinese airlines or flying around China. What I'm interested in is why there isn't the 50 bitcoin stories a day submitted anymore. Actually, I'm glad the bitcoin stuff stopped getting submitted so frequently. Might as well submitted links about Amway or Metabolife. So, is getting "Zuckerberged" now a legitimate synonym for getting screwed? I love the 37signals guys, the Pragmatic Programming guys as well as the Pivotal Tracker folks and the guys at Hashrocket. They really seem to put that Rework stuff into practice. Contrast those people to the Facebook-type companies that seem to essentially ignore individuals in favor of scale. It IS possible for companies both large and small to provide some personal touches to their service and really make their users feel special. It pays dividends. The cost of those beer glasses and shipping was minimal, but the value added to their brand was incalculable. The best part is that they practice customer service like that quietly -- they aren't always talking about how great they are simply as a marketing ploy -- they quietly do great things. For example, I am based in Shanghai and last weekend they had a server issue that affected some of my users' Basecamp access here in China (although for some reason my access had no issues) -- I emailed them about it and they responded back within a few hours with specific fixes they did in response to my general problem. They didn't just BS me and say that everything was now fine -- they actually took action. By the time I received their response, the problem was fixed and my users were back to full-speed access. I've had similar good fortune with Andy Hunt and his folks at Pragmatic -- personal responses, sincere actions and quality followup. It's a simple formula that should be taught in business schools because so many companies seem to ignore that a single customer is the fundamental unit of your success (or failure.) I have a little psychology app we developed and it's amazing how surprised users are when you take the time to email them back and respond to their suggestions, complaints or compliments directly. Just from my limited experience with my app users, it would appear that very few companies take a personalized, sincere interest in their users. Nearly every time I've responded to users emails (always within 8 hours, usually within 1,) I get a baffled response expressing appreciation. Excerpt: "Wow! Thanks so much for getting back to me about [my suggestions.] I never expected a response at all, let alone such a nice email. I appreciate it that you'll be incorporating [some my feature requests] into [the app] so quickly." I'm not trying to blow my own horn, but merely illustrate that users are starved of personal respect and a sincere interest in them. Users should expect personal respect and thanks; it shouldn't come as a surprise! 37signals and some of the aforementioned companies (as well as Zappos et al,) are doing it right. Users deserve the best efforts of companies. After all, we serve the user -- not the other way around! At least now we all know where to go for great beer (and we know he has at least 6 glasses with which to serve us!) So perhaps the next HN meet up could be at that dude's house.. :) I'm sure the author of the posting could simply donate to the dev via paypal. It's similar to those "rich" people who are demanding to pay higher taxes. That's a nonsense argument because they can donate to the US Treasury just as a dev could donate to the TextMate guy. I am tired of people suggesting to other people how to spend everyone else's money. If you want to pay more -- do it yourself. For the rest of us, I'll pay what I'm required and donate if I feel so inclined. I'd personally rather donate to the Tiny Wings guy simply because paying $60 for a text editor is fairly steep, if you aren't getting the version 2 update for free. And Tiny Wings has better music. Logic Studio is only $299, compared to a text editor's $60 and Xcode is free. The amount of coding that went into Logic is light years beyond TextMate, but Apple knows that if they charged $1000 for it (a fair price based on feature set, they'd lose more revenue than charging $299.) I'm not a business school guy, but I do know a thing or two about demand elasticity. Try charging $4.99 for an app in the App Store and charge $1.99 -- you'll make more money at $1.99, unless it's some highly niche product; TextMate is far from highly niche. It's ubiquitous. I have paid for TextMate and have no problems doing so, but I'll be damned if some jackass suggests that we should pay more. That's a business decision to be made by the TextMate dev, not some user who likely has very little experience in selling software to the public. No offense to anyone, but based on the posting, it appears that the author has little understanding of demand curves, not to mention contractual agreements. Xcode is my "main development tool." And it was free. What a bullshit article. Complete with photoshop mockups. Might as well be another rumor about the "next" iPad killer or how it would be cool if Vimeo built refrigerators with built-in video screens. I would certainly not even consider using or downloading a FB browser. Last thing I need is to be constantly Zuckerberged. Yeah.. maybe they could team up not only with Bing, but they could revive IE 6. Perhaps even get Active X back in circulation. In just a few short years we can pull the web back into the dark ages. I would likely code all of my pages specifically to display a blue screen if the visitor were using an FB browser. If enough people did that, any Facebook spyware-laced browser would die on the vine. Rock who? Exactly. Facebook wasted their investment. That browser will never get above 5% usage. It would be like Camino. Let's hope so. I would like Typekit to be integrated better with Adobe products, but not at the expense of the core Typekit service. It's interesting that I saw this article in Chinese, on the China Unicom portal this morning. Apparently this is even interesting to the tech watchers in China -- although for the life of me, I can't understand how! This TechCrunch/CrunchFund stuff gets confusing. Is TC a news site and CF a VC? It seems analogous to the New York Times starting NYTFund and then having reporters cover their companies. While I suppose the lines are clear (to someone,) it just seems like there's a lot of Crunch and even more confusion on the part of the unwashed. Maybe I need a shower. Or a big CF investment and a positive TC review to soothe my skepticism. ..America's hat. Completely accurate tokenadult. The official Chinese curriculum still uses the "Fun With English" Oxford books, but American English (as in Korea) is fast becoming the prestige variant. The British version is fading like a vestige of the Opium Wars. Finally! Another bitcoin story makes it to the front page of HN again! It's been a long time. I was beginning to think the HN community has moved on to more important things. When will this Bitcoin nonsense fade away? I think the dollar/yuan situation is far more relevant than some fairy coins nobody uses outside of the World of Warcraft crowd. It's still theft however you slice it. The whole idea of moral offsetting is nonsense. That's like saying that I'm going to steal Oreos from the grocery store but make up for it by buying milk. I would be willing to be 100 downloads of my app that price isn't really the issue on music piracy. If you charged $0.10 per song, it wouldn't result in a massive sales increase. The barrier to paid downloads is that people have to use a credit/debit card, usually register somehow and other things that form a barrier to entry. I think $0.99 isn't much to pay for a song or an app, but there are people (a fairly sizable number) who just want to download without going through the presumed hassle of the payment process. I bet if you were giving away CDs outside of the mall and charged $0.25, people wouldn't think twice about tossing a quarter into the can. Take that same song and put it online and the same people happy to toss you the quarter would rather steal the song than process a payment of 25 cents. The problem isn't price -- it's the barrier of payment. What does this have to do with Hacker News? I didn't know that.. Oh well, NYTimes corporate ethics has never really been their forte. I guess they need to diversify to make up for their increasing irrelevance in the news space. That happened with exercise. Suddenly, in the 1960s and 1970s fitness became a massive priority for millions of Americans. The paradigm shift happened almost immediately. 50 years ago you would only work out if you were an athlete or a soldier. A value was placed on wellness much like a value will eventually be placed on education. Also watching parents sit in unemployment lines because the factory closed is serving as a wakeup call to many people. Don't overestimate the Asians either -- their concept of education is quantitative (i.e how high we're your scores or how many vocabulary words did you learn) while Americans tend to be more qualitative. There's a reason innovation in places like China depends on copying everyone else. What major startups in China have been built based on an original idea? Very very few. There are more successful startups based on new ideas in the Bay Area than in the entirety of China. The successful Chinese companies are almost always rehashed versions of American products. Education isn't the driving force behind success in China -- at least not Chinese education. You've obviously never been to a Korean university. The orgy part is less prevalent but certainly not the drunkenness and laxidasical attitudes. I went to both a US university and a Korean one and the work ethic of American university students is much more sturdy than Korean university students. The difference between Asia and the US (one of them) is that Asian students bust their backsides to get into school while the Americans busy their asses once in school. I'm generalizing of course, but at least in Korea, getting into a top school is more important than what you do once you're there. There's a reason that so many Asians want to go to US schools -- and it isn't for the basketball teams-- the quality is much much higher in the States (and UK) than Asia. That may be the anecdotal truth, however nearly any student in the States would prefer to go to MIT or U of Chicago over San Jose State, though San Jose is far more of 'party school' than the aforementioned. Students do care about quality but a party school doesn't necessarily equate to a less serious school. The issue isn't party vs. academics it's about work-life balance. Medical students party very profoundly, however there's no doubt that they value their academics highly. As a current high school teacher, I have nearly daily conversations about college choices and the party aspect is way down on the list. Given a choice between a party school and a top-flight academic institution, nearly all of my admittedly small sample would pick the better academics. Of course, I admit to some selection bias because I'm an AP teacher and my students are far more driven than the 'typical' student. You're completely correct. Just getting a business license in China takes a bribe and months of red stamping. Innovation is crushed in China mainly because of the IP laws (or ignoring thereof.) Unfortunately, I think that some companies are in it for the funding as opposed to the experience itself. The real value of YC has little to do with any checks you get, but the knowledge you earn. I would take a YC spot over a $5 million VC check in an instant. $5 million buys a lot of Heroku dynos, but the YC-knowledge/experience is something that can make you potentially 50x anything you could get without YC. No kidding! I have enough of a time on my own projects. I don't particularly care about adjusting gamma on my TV or constantly f'ing with the microwave to get it to warm up pizza. Although I enjoy hacking, sometimes I just want stuff to work. I'd rather tinker with something that's going to make my products better rather than spending hours trying to get a phone to do something. I spend enough hours getting molested by Heroku and performing anal exams on obscure Gems and a/b testing and blah, blah, blah. If I wanted to waste my time on a phone, I would have bought Android. Phone calls from anyone are usually a pain in the ass. I have to stop what I'm doing and context-switch wasting my time. Unless your company is live dispatching transplant organs or is rescuing me from being trapped in an earthquake or if you're my wife--I NEVER want a phone call. I don't like wasting my time listening to nonsense. Amazon works just fine without calling me so I can't imagine why any other business aside from a few very narrow exceptions would ever need to call anyone. Remove validates phone number :presence => true and leave me the hell alone. Xie xie. Phone calls get ignored too. Just ask my credit card company. Maybe Dave wiener can provide showers and common sense to some of the protesters. Wall Street isn't the problem -- the problem is the White House. These protesters love to scream about Wall Street all while tweeting about it on their computers that were built by companies that are traded on Wall Street. Many of the people that read HN are hoping to one day have an IPO -- all handled by those same banks that are supposedly 'bad.' Perhaps they should e protesting the Solyndra loans where billions was given to a company because they bribed the right people in the White House. I support people's right to express their opinion, but when hypocrisy such as demonstrated by these protests reaches this level, I have to call bullsh#t. I would much rather see a 'Smaller Government Tea Party Hackathon' or perhaps an Occupy the White House Hackathon. The problem isn't the banks it's the government. A government that feels like profits are something to be punished when in fact, profits are the reason innovation happens. No one is forced to have a Bank of America account, but all Americans are forced to pay for bad policies every day. Any time the SIEU is involved in a protest you know the motives are suspect. Nothing ever works as well as it could. Sometimes the cure is worse than the disease. Well based on the article leading with the virtual desktop as a reason UB is 'better' than OS X, you'd think that someone obviously didn't know. Lion came out almost 4 months ago.. UB isn't breaking new ground with that feature. And mission control is even better -- especially with dual or triple monitors. The key isn't making education 'great' (whatever that means,) but making it easier. Edu-products need to be simple. Try getting a class of 9th graders to login to Basecamp and you'll see what the problem is.. Korea too. Many sites in East Asia use java applets and active x nonsense. Kind of ironic since Zen is from Japan and the websites are anything but. Although one block of a Chinese, Korean or Japanese city probably has more neon than all of Las Vegas. This would be a great feature to integrate with ClassCloud, which is a cloud based classroom management system. I hope the class pager guys release an API! Would make my life easier. Completely what I thought! I would if these jackass developers who built the site actually tested it on a real device. Never going back to that publication! It isn't blocked yet.. Give it a few hours. This is why I am moving my company back to the States and why the Chinese startup scene is so depressingly obscure. The Chinese government can go to hell. I'll take my business and dollars somewhere else. At least it won't take me an hour to push to heroku and my aws access won't be throttled. I love those books! Andy Hunt and the other Prag guys are not only nice guys, but their customer policies are very cool (beta books and free upgrades of ebooks.) As far as the quality of the texts, they are my go-to books. Except for The Rails 3 Way by Obie Fernandez, I think Prag has some of the best Rails books around as well as pretty much every other topic they choose to publish. The real question is why anyone would willingly run a windows server for anything? Does 'immediately' = 'within a few years'? China makes Wall Street look like the Sisters of Charity. 'Serve the People' -- yeah right Lei Feng would be rolling in his grave. Maybe Justice will team with TSA to strip search our laptops for illegal files before boarding an airplane. The only problem is that professors don't usually pick the software they use to deliver their online course -- they can certain pick certain applications, but the professors aren't the "buyer" it's the schools and cracking that nut is very, very difficult since Blackboard has heavy investment (and contractual agreements) with so many of the pick players in higher ed. Even if a professor wanted to switch, Blackboard integration in higher ed is far deeper than a single class. Higher ed and enterprise is exceptionally difficult to disrupt when it comes to institution-level installations. There's a reason many orgs are STILL using Windows XP and IE 6. Fighting institutional inertia is massively difficult. If coursekit wants to accomplish that goal though, they should take a facebook approach -- one school at a time. Convince some small school that isn't using Blackboard to try their software. Then expand the school targets outward to adjacent schools in the geographic region. Build up a core school-base and then go after bigger targets. It'll take more than great software. Institutional penetration is far more about sales skill than code quality (see Windows XP comment above.) I think you missed the "humor" tag on the posting. Yes. Companies can already get in trouble for "intentionally lying" it's called fraud. Of course, that's assuming a user reads the TOS and actually knows what they've agreed to accept. He cares about Protect IP -- he was even a cosponsor. Franken's top contributor is Time Warner, with GE a close second. That's great, because otherwise, no one would have found it. They already do explain themselves just at classified hearings to the Senate and House Intelligence committees. Although I don't know about NYPD although they do have an intelligence community liasion that coordinates with FBI and DHS. Lol. "Write to the Internet police." Yeah, good luck with that. The government doesn't ever officially acknowledge sites that are blocked. Even the AWS east coast data center (read: heroku) is blocked in China intermittently. All writing to the mythical Internet police would accomplish is getting your name on a list of people with a stated desire to visit 'pornography'. Internet companies that don't end in .cn and start with 'Tencent' or 'Baidu' are better of just leaving China. It'll never be good here as long as the communists are in power. Not every Chinese person can just go to Hong Kong. Also the blocking isn't about censorship as much as it's about creating an unfair advantage to the Chinese companies who pay huge kickbacks to certain top officials. China can do context specific blocking but instead they block entire sites like FB and Twiiter in order to let the local guys gain dominance. Once FB is unblocked, by then it will be irrelevant. On the second part of your question, western companies use VPNs. The corporate VPNs are not running on the same service as 'normal' residential connections so they aren't subject to the same countermeasures. Bitcoin? No way. We might as well use Facebook credits. Getting Aunt Martha to trust some sketchy form of 'money' to make an online payment is going to be exceptionally difficult. Imagine suing for damages in bitcoins -- it's not a legal currency anywhere. It's a digital version of trading goats. Actually, the merchants ARE the customers. The people who buy using pay pal aren't the ones paying the fees. Without merchants accepting PayPal, then no one would use PayPal. I am transitioning my own company away from PayPal -- we're going to use chargify for recurring and braintree for everything else. PayPal can go to hell. They've been treating us like criminals because we are located in China, are incorporated in Nevada, have a DC phone number and a California bank account. They don't seem to understand global businesses. They're a step below retarded. We've had our accounts frozen multiple times and don't respond to emails. I hate PayPal and as soon as I can get their crap disintangled from our web application code, we're done with them. We get better customer device from China's Union Pay and that is a state owned black hole of a company. At least they respond to emails and don't lock our account everytime I log in from a hotel room on the road. Define "qualified" when it comes to computers. Great stuff. One of the best intro Rails TDD programs around. Kind of interesting.. excluding people not based on their qualifications (or ability to contribute), but based on their willingness to self-identify as a nerd. Doesn't seem very welcoming.. Ps, you can downvote if you have enough karma. Sounds almost exactly like finding apartments in New York. I especially love the 2 bedroom part. In NYC, they love to make 1 bedrooms into 2 by putting up a bookshelf or a temporary wall. I've been going through the apartment hunting nonsense, including using Airbnb and it's been a nightmare. On Airbnb, you can't just "book," it seems like it requires an exchange of messages before you can get a "yes." Cool shit? Working for Microsoft? I must have missed something. He needs to lighten up! All day long I stare at screens solving problems. A beer often serves as a great way to relax and de-stress. His abhorrence of alcohol is perfectly within his rights, but he shouldn't act self righteous and judge others. The post reads almost like a temperance movement column from 1917 and is equally ridiculous. There's also a big difference between a beer in the company fridge (like Pivotal, ZocDoc, iCouch, DPL, etc,) and doing keg stands next to the pairing stations. The absolutism of the blog was my biggest complaint. Moderation has a place between the extreme of binge lunacy and strict teetotaling. It's a great way for the whitehouse to build contact lists for potential contributors. The petitions are meaningless. Pressuring Congress is far more effective and time-tested. The real question is if the OP's blog was hacked by terrible designers. What a hard-to-read site. China Telecom does this routinely. More secure? Then I suppose I'll get all of the insurance and banking portals to rewrite everything in PHP -- since is so secure and easy to use. Rails hosting: git push heroku master. Pretty damned simple. And cheap, for the level of hosting you get for $6 per month, Heroku is free. As far as Rails spaghetti, if you're using TDD, then it's easy to fix things if new code breaks old code. For real. This is the same philosophy we share for our iOS apps. I gladly pay for great software/services (i.e. Basecamp, Vimeo Pro.) Youtube, while ubiquitous, is a a visual pain, compared to paid Vimeo accounts. This could be useful, but most students won't be able to access their files from school computers. One of my side projects, ClassCloud was based on this idea -- students and schools love it, but the facebook.com domain is going to make it a hard sell. I also would be interested to the privacy policy behind the filesharing -- will FB have access to the data?