I always do a fresh install. I save backup of my $HOME, but don't restore it (I copy what I need when I need). It's perfect time for getting rid of old unused applications, projects, etc. But it takes time and patience. Safari supports push notifications from websites for a while. I've found it convenient for the news websites I often visit just to check for new content. It's like RSS integrated into OS. One can misuse it, but generally it's useful. We have DNS system in place which should be enough to establish trust between browser and SSL public key. E.g. site could store self-signed certificate fingerprint in the DNS record and browser should be fine with that. If DNS system is spoofed, user will be in bad place anyway so DNS system must be secured in any case. Currently Swift is a questionable choice. It adds around 5 MB size to the application archive, XCode support is buggy and standard library lacks many things it should have. I built custom keyboard with Swift and I won't use it for my next projects in the near future, until it'll become more stable. But probably in year or two it'll become much better. That's why the simulation hypothesis is quite likely. We can simulate very simple universes. We will simulate more complex universes as time goes on. And there's nothing to prevent that universes to become really complex, so complex that beings there will become conscious. And it's only matter of time when those beings will simulate another universe. And, considering that every civilization simulates many universes, there's an exponential growth of universes beginning from the "root" civilization. So there are (or there will be) billions of billions of universes, one inside other, like russian dolls. And possibility of us living in the "root" universe is quite low. Either that or there's some fundamental nature law preventing us from creating a simulation of conscious intelligent mind. And even if we didn't create that simulation yet, I don't believe that those laws exist. We have billions stars to consume for energy and matter and billions of years to improve our technology. Why don't we create megacomputers with that power potentially at our hands? Or some watchdog system will detect an abnormal behaiour, stop the simulation and report the bug to the developers. They'll fix bugs and run the simulation from the last non-corrupted backup. And we'll never know that someone did that. It probably because France never had problems with food itself (because of good climate and good earth). So people had to develop food culture. In russia, where climate is hard, earth is not very fertile and one unsuccessful harvest could mean country-scaled global hunger, food culture is more about eating while you can, conservate food while it's fresh. With current excess of food there are many fat men and women out there. I believe that all countries will develop food culture very soon, it's already happening around. Dietology is a popular topic. While negative numbers very often provoke exceptions like IndexOutOfBoundException, with unsigned integers error could be uncaught for much longer time. I'm all for signed integers, unless storage requirements so tight that you really need that one bit. One major drawback for me is a constant flickering in Intellij Idea and Emacs. I'm not sure who is responsible for this, but user experience is just terrible. I'll definitely downgrade to 10.9 when I'll have enough spare time. I didn't see much problems besides it. I like new design, animations are smooth enough for me and everything works well enough. No, I don't use Flux. That's not correct. I just downloaded the same google font css using different user agents, one for Windows Google Chrome and one for OS X Google Chrome. CSS were different, both specified .woff2 format but actual font URLs were different. And downloaded .woff2 files were different as well. I used Open Sans font for that test. http://pastebin.com/edYbfxzU here's log, you can try it yourself. What's wrong with people giving rides for money? That's ideal model of open market IMO. I have this model applied in my country and 5 kilometers taxi ride would cost around 1-2 euros, depending on time (bus costs 0.4 euro). That's nice for customers, if you ask me. There's other side of the coin, it might not be safe enough to ride with unknown driver at night being in unconscious state. But we have public taxi services with slightly higher prices for that. I was at Spain in my vacation and transportation costs shocked me, TBH. It's funny that copyright holders restrict people to legally watch their content and then complain that their content is being pirated. When I'm developing a website, if I have a time to do things the right way, I'm doing my best to present to user a usable website both without CSS and JS. Good semantic markup usually provides good user interface. And, as crawlers usually don't like JS, making non-JS version helps them to crawl the site anyway. I think that Apple is a victim of its decision to release new OS version every year. Users expect a lot of changes from iOS n+1 or OS X m+1. You can't just fix all bugs and release a new version. And constant feature improvement introduces new bugs and deadline frames won't allow to release properly tested fixes for old bugs. I believe that feature-wise OS X 10.10 and iOS 8 are quite nice. Apple really should adapt something like Intel's tick-tock strategy. Release iOS 8 with new features at 2014. Release iOS 8S with all bugs fixed in 2015. Release iOS 9 with new features at 2016 but allow customers to downgrade to iOS 8S if they want to, for at least a year. They'll have to support 2 iOS versions, but people will have a choice between new features and stability. I wrote a custom keyboard using Swift. XCode stability was mostly OK. SourceKit crashed sometimes (disabling syntax highlight and autocomplete), but it didn't cause much headache. The thing that bothered me most was that iOS app wrote with Swift was packaged with 8 MB runtime libraries, so it was like 100 kB of my code and 8 MB of swift runtime libraries which I didn't like at all. I tried to learn how to write an OS X application with Swift and for some reason it became a nightmare, SourceKit keeps crashing and it wasn't possible to work at all. I guess I triggered some bug. I tried to investigate it, but without much success, I think that XCode will send those crash logs to Apple and may be things are already fixed. Actually I'm not really sure that Swift is the language I want to use. Objective C is good enough. It's good old C which I like. It's very dynamic which I like. Cocoa, Cocoa Touch and other frameworks are made for Objective C, not for Swift. I didn't made a final decision whether I will invest into Swift, but probably (at least until Apple declares Objective C obsolete) I will just use Objective C. It has its problems, but it has its strength too. That technique would useful when user wants to add public key into his github profile (or similar service). Instead of asking user to copy&paste his public key, site might ask him to enter `ssh github.com authtoken` in terminal. Funny thing is that many windows developers and administrators like to use RDP, while *nix users generally don't like it at all (usually because RDP doesn't allow easy scripting to automate routine tasks). > So then you have two avenues for attack, if someone wants to inject their own public key into your account - the Web UI and some form of custom SSH server. That's correct. SSH misses PKI and github can't sign their ssh public keys with trusted authority. If someone intercepting your traffic, he can redirect your connection to 22 port to malicious ssh server and save his malicious public key to github. To prevent that, github must present ssh fingerprint into their web page and user must check that fingerprint with one he can see on terminal. Thanks for clarification. > Besides which you would need more than just "ssh github.com authtoken" - it doesn't identify who you are (thus knowing who to save the public key for) authtoken is supposed to be an unique identifier and github server knows that it's associated with your account. Would be nice to have it in the browser like Go tour. Probably because he's good at writing code, not writing business plans and raising money. It might sound weird but I actually like to draw simple SVG images using text editor. SVG is well suited for that, it's readable and compact. It's not exactly that. More energy-effective systems allow you to mine the same bitcoins with lower electricity expenses. When bitcoin mining will hit the wall of physical restrictions, they will start to optimize energy efficiency. You should use URL-safe base 64 encoding described in [1]. It uses `-` and `_` and should be safe for Gmail. 1: http://tools.ietf.org/html/rfc4648#section-5 Why not set clear rules? 1 byte of blockchain costs XXX millibitcoins. You like it — you use it. You don't like it — you don't use it. It's clear that if anyone can use blockchain as information storage, someone WILL do it, now or later. I think it's better to set the rules sooner than fix things later when they are out of control. There's similar problem in Kazakhstan. egov.kz is their e-government site. They issued their own root certificate and they use it to sign all users certificates. And they signed their SSL certificate with that certificate which causes it to show alarm. Not very smart move if you ask me. If you teach users to ignore HTTPS errors, then MITM attack becomes easier because user don't see anything suspicious. In Kazakhstan it's achieved by using signed Java applet. It works well in Windows, OS X and Linux. In Linux there are some problems with smart card readers, but generally things work well. I don't like Java applets, but they are probably better than ActiveX. nginx fully supports SPDY. HTTP/2 is largely based on SPDY so I expect that nginx will support HTTP/2 very soon. I don't think so. Yandex is very neutral company in that regard. They have Ukrainian office with developers. For Ukrainian users they show Crimea belonging to the Ukraine when browsing from maps.yandex.ua. You can check it yourself, compare maps.yandex.ua and maps.yandex.ru. It's clearly an adware with backdoor to espionage on user. In many countries creating and distributing that kind of adware is classified as crime. What a nonsense they are talking. I use Intellij Idea with Database plugin and it works perfectly. SQL syntax highlighting (for PostgreSQL dialect), autocomplete (using actual table definitions from the database), visual table editor. I can run SQL query, edit some cell in the result table and that edit will update the database. There's a dedicated cheaper product called 0xDBE if you don't own Idea and don't need Java support. Postico looks nice and I like the fact that it's a native app. But without highlighting and autocomplete it's not very interesting for me, I'm SQL guy. Browsers should improve incognito mode so websites won't be able to distinguish Chrome@OS X from Firefox@Windows. And may be allow easier integration with proxy services. Privacy is important. You really should send vectors, not video stream. It'll allow to keep bandwidth requirements low for most of the office workflow. Of course watching video on youtube require sending video stream and that's where you embed H.264 stream, but not everywhere. AFAIK Windows RDP works closely with the operating system to allow it to send only vector primitives instead of raw bitmaps. You can't stream lossless 4k retina video and anything other is a compromise for many people. I think that CSS should include something like XSLT transformations allowing developer to output site markup with simple semantic elements and then designer can transform those elements into anything he need, count elements, add classes, whatever. And then style result of those transformations with traditional CSS rules. It's the color and reflections that matters. Not the weight. But competitors will surely make a joke of it. Searching for Java shouldn't return JavaScript results. Almost all exploitable vulnerabilities are related to the browser plugin. There's no danger of keeping outdated JRE inside some application. Vectors are good at inserting in the back and deques are good in inserting both in the front and in the back (or course if capacity grows exponentially, but that's how they should be implemented). Linked lists are almost always wrong choice because they don't play well with memory caches. They might be better with inserting in the middle and that might matter only with really huge lists (millions of items). At least that's how it works with languages close enough to the hardware. Is there some definitive information about how good Google at this task? What JS constructions works, what does not work. I doubt that Google can index any JavaScript. And don't forget about other search engines. It's not very good to keep site indexable by Google and not indexable by other search engines. What I would like to use is some kind of small programs from which backup script might be crafted. Actually most of the tools are available. Incremental backups with rsync. Encryption with openssl. Archiving/compression with tar/gzip/7-zip. But scripts will be quite verbose and error-prone. Better solution should be available. Something like #define DATE(month, day, year) ... would help to read dates without program running. Client code could be hard to verify too. Browser do not support this functionality and there are no popular addons to verify JavaScript I'm aware of. You can't just download script.js with curl and assume that server will serve the same file to your browser. XSLT is a good idea with terrible implementation IMO. There's language called cduce. I'm not sure if it alive but it was interesting alternative implementation, though it was too much academical to be practical. But there could be usable language for trees transformation. Overall this idea is much better than current state of things. I wonder what's better from the point of final user (app size, app starting speed, app performance, memory usage): png or this drawing code? I suspect that PNG should work better. And programmer can easily generate multiple PNG from single hand-written SVG. Public Key Pinning could help for users running compliant browsers. I would recommend to read almost all of Strugatsky brothers books (which were translated to your language). They are all very interesting in different aspects. E.g. "Monday starts at Saturday" is a humorous story about programmer. Though they dreamed of communistic future, keep that in mind. Their worlds probably will look foreign to the western reader. And there are some references to the russian culture. But translations probably should take that in mind. Shell session to demonstrate (DO NOT DO IT IN THE DIRECTORY WITH IMPORTANT FILES): $ touch important $ chmod 400 important $ rm * override r-------- vbezhenar/staff for important? n $ touch -- -rf $ ls -l total 0 -rw-r--r-- 1 vbezhenar staff 0 Mar 24 14:35 -rf -r-------- 1 vbezhenar staff 0 Mar 24 14:35 important $ rm * $ ls -l total 0 -rw-r--r-- 1 vbezhenar staff 0 Mar 24 14:35 -rf $ rm -- -rf I'm working locally using full-featured IDE and publishing my work with simple shell scripts. When I need to edit files remotely, I just use vi. I know it well and it works perfectly even over slow network connections. Self-signed certificate provides defense against passive attacker, and HTTP does not. That's an important difference IMO. XMPP have troubles with synchronizing chats between clients, with push notifications, with user-friendly mobile clients. I like XMPP, I did set up my own server, but I finally abandoned it. It's usable only with one client, preferably on desktop. Thanks, I'll look into that. I'm more interested with iOS and OS X apps (though Pidgin works well for OS X). And iOS doesn't permit messaging apps to work in background as far as I know, so push notifications are needed for comfort work. Though I'm usually near my laptop and probably can live without them. On large files less fires up immediately and vim is quite slow. I think that vim is loading an entire file in the memory while less just loads visible chunk. May be other vi implementations are more efficient with large files. Besides — vim really shouldn't be used on log files. It's editor, not viewer. Is there plans to drop glibc dependency? Rust should be able to do system calls itself and glibc should be as optional FFI library IMO. May be I misunderstood something, but dropping dependency on glibc doesn't imply static linking. Of course reusing C library means linking with libc and reusing C++ library means linking with libstdc++. But in a long perspective those libraries should be implemented with Rust to have all advantages of the better language. And using rust without libc might help with some embedded use-cases, where people don't want to put unnecessary stuff. Rust as a 0-cost systems language theoretically could be used there instead of C. If that was with Java, I would do something to make network terrible slow or even unresponsive and try to dump stacktrace to catch the bugger. Not sure if you can print stacktrace in Python in the middle of something. Everyone has different experience. I never had hardware problems with HP, Lenovo, Dell notebooks. It was built badly, it could broke something, but notebook worked well. With Macbook I had broken HDD which was replaced by warranty but it took almost a month without my working tool. And 2 years later sound just stopped working. Headphones work but buggy. I don't think I can pay for repair, probably will tinker with it myself. My iPhone 4S had broken WiFi just after warranty expired. All cables from Mac and iPhone are in terrible state. I don't really think that Apple hardware is better than others. Not worse than others, but not perfect. Choice is between OS X and Windows or iOS and Android. Otherwise there are many comparable machines. There's tag `label` made for connecting text and input elements. And any correct form should use labels and it'll work in any browser just as you described: click on text label will trigger input activation (toggle checkbox or focus text input). The great value of unit testing is reproducibility. You can't always find the cause of the bug just from failed test logs. You might need to re-run the test to debug and tweak the code. And if your test is randomly failing, it would be quite tricky to do that. Randomness is OK. Just make sure that RNG yields the same values each time test run. For example in Java the class Random is guaranteed to yield the same values for the same seed. I'm not sure that JavaScript has this class, probably you'll have to write your own version or find it in some library. Looks like description of the projects with bad build system, not like problem with e.g. maven. Maven downloads binaries from the HTTPS server. You can always get those libraries and rebuild them from sources into your internal repository. It seems like adblock got huge user base on premise to block ads and now monetizes that user base by selling them ads. Does not look like honest strategy to me. It won't work well for them as well, competitors are already there. I like this approach. I generally tend not to use jQuery, because native DOM API is often good enough for my needs, but it's not fun to write and read code using that API. jQuery for me is shortcuts and wrappers for this code. $('.something').toggleClass('collapsed') .click(somethingClicked); This simple and readable statement will turn into a lot of lines with DOM API. Modern browsers do their best to optimize typical use-cases for CSS selectors and .collection li for sure will be handled optimally. You shouldn't worry about CSS selector performance unless you have to provide good performance for very old browsers or hit specific performance problem. Optimize for humans, not for computers. > How am I going to show this to my boss, and have him take it seriously with such an infantile title? Probably the same way you would explain to your boss what KISS principle means or what WTF-metric for source code is :) It's an old joke, but it has a bit of wisdom. Illustration: https://davidlongstreet.files.wordpress.com/2009/04/wtfm.jpg... Safari, Chrome, Firefox works fine. Can you share the certificate this site serves to you? Does it work with sites like Google from Google Chrome where browser knows about their public keys? I think that this will be wide practice in modern browsers. HSTS/HPKP headers could be stripped by proxy but preloaded public key list probably will require custom browser build. Lenin, Stalin are huge figures in Russia history. Many men worships them. They are generally not considered like evil in Russia. Lenin made communism under which USSR became the most powerful empire in the world and Stalin won second world war. PS I'm not exactly agree to above statements. History is complex thing. But many men I know think the way I described. They are not proud of it, but they generally emphasize on his achievments. I always wondered why does this certificate order matter? Web server can (and does) parse certificates. It should reorder them in correct order and log warnings if any issues were found. Rust can work with C without problems. It misses some low-level things (I can speak of allocators) but generally it should be possible to write Linux kernel driver with Rust for example. Those times when C compilers did obvious translation to machine code are long gone. Now compilers are super-smart and can inline functions, throw away code _they_ think is not needed, replace loops with vector instructions and list goes on. It's really hard to tell what's happening at a low level for a given C code. I generally work with high level languages (Java, JavaScript, Scala) but I always loved C (and in some ways C++) because it's so close to metal. I fell in love with Rust. Usually I (internally) complain about a lot of things in languages. There are many drawbacks and bad design decisions. It might be hard to express but there's sense of engineering beaty. And I like Rust almost in every way. So far I wrote a bunch of little programs and some simple parser (bitmessage protocol). I didn't have any real problems. Macroses looked a bit clumsy, I hope they'll see some overhaul, but they did their work. Much better than cpp anyway. And I can say that it's just so easy to write code when you're 100% sure there are no problems with memory management. There are billion of other little things making life easier, but painless memory management is the big one. IMO it's not a talent. It's a result of thousands of hours of work. I learned programming at 12 years. I programmed a lot. I didn't have a computer and I was programming in sheets of paper (computer was in school and I didn't always had access to it). I wrote by own object-oriented GUI library in sheets of paper and that library was never written in computer but it was in my head and I learned a lot while thinking about it and its design. There was time when I was spending 10-12 hours programming or reading programming books. I wouldn't call myself talented programmer. I spent a lot of time to learn how to write good enough code and be productive. What I had is a passion to program. I never programmed because I had to force myself. I enjoyed it. It's a beautiful art. That beauty forced by to program. And I still find that beauty in programs. Unfortunately I don't know how to learn others to enjoy programming. I saw a lot of programmers and most of them didn't really like their job, they just did it because they went to CS faculty after school and programming is paid well enough. Swift uses the same terminology. Probably meaning of enum will include ADT. Many kinds of big data files used by customers do not require high speed or latency. Watching video is fine as long as disk read speed greater than video stream bitrate. Music does not require that either. When you download huge archive, you don't need high write speed, HDD write speed will be more than enough, it's probably higher than network speed anyway. Unless SSD will become better than HDD by all parameters, HDD's are very suitable as part of disk setup for anyone who need more than 200 GB data. And there are millions of people who don't use all that cloud things and prefer to download, store and watch/listen their content locally. Probably risks of data loss are underestimated by most people, so they don't use neither NAS neither RAID (I would be surprised if many people without solid technical background understand what RAID is). Disks are reliable enough so majority is not affected and if data is really important, it often could be restored for those who experienced data loss. For those who want to implement a VM as an exercise, I recommend to implement a simple JIT-compiler after that. You'll probably be impressed at performance improvements and it's funny exercise to do. I used GNU lightning to generate machine code. The real security audit should be done by hackers the same way browser and OS vendors do it. Vendor lists his website on some platform and specifies money he's willing to pay for found vulnerability. Hackers trying to find vulnerabilities. 3-rd party verifies vulnerability and ensures that hackers are paid. More money vendor offers for vulnerability — more hackers trying to crack his site — more confidence clients have. Why do you think Russia isn't capable to produce drones? Those who trust their governments already use government-issued money. Nothing will change. Bitcoin made for those who don't think that government should be able to control money. I wonder whether `let` should be used everywhere now making `var` effectively obsolete? Mixing both declaration styles looks bad. > Well, there are tons of different DRM algorithms, but none of them are backed by secure cryptography since you cannot logically restrict people from "saving" but not from "viewing" Actually you can, but this requires smart viewer. You sending encrypted data into viewer where data is decrypted. Secret keys storing inside viewer and retrieving them is hard task. Of course that requires DRM-enabled display, participating video card, drivers, etc. In my country there are phone plans where you specify few phone numbers (usually your wife or children) and have very low tariffs for calling those numbers. I wonder how "n exhaustive search has been carried out up to 3125 digits in base 5 and no solution exists in this range" was implemented? Obviously it's not a brute force solution. I used Rust and Swift languages a little bit and I must admit that I almost never had to use indexing for characters. Iterating and slicing is enough for most algorithms. Actually today it might be hard to understand what indexing is, even if you store your string in UCS-32 encoding. There are graphical symbols that may occupy variable number of UCS-32 items. And they are used out there (e.g. flags). What I am missing is some kind of service to convert between different types of regexes. Like Java, Intellij Idea Search&Replace, vim, less, grep, egrep, sed. There are subtle (and sometimes not so subtle) differences between them which I always forgetting and have to trial&error a bit. I wish there would be one single standard to regexes. Great tool but difficult to use because of many incompatible implementations. This contest is very prestigious in Russia and participants are spending a lot of time to prepare. Is it the same in other countries? Could you please describe how can I bind 2 different servers to the same IP with automatic request balancing (so when one server is down, another one will serve all requests)? I understand how to do it with another server with HAProxy, but your solution seems to be without HAProxy. parse.com is essentially the same thing and it seems that it's popular enough. Of course it has a lot of polish and additional services on top of KV store but it's core value is key-value store with REST API. The main problem is that a lot of characters in real world are from ASCII part. So for 24-bit 66% of memory space will be wasted. And it's bad not only because it uses RAM, HDD, bandwidth, but generally because it uses precious processor cache storage. reading or writing arr[i] will require 1 or 2 4-byte memory accesses (or 3 1-byte memory accesses) and few bit operations to construct result value, because generally processors can't access 24-bit value. That probably won't hurt performance a lot, but anyway it's much easier to work with 32-bit arrays. HTTP/2 does not allow communication from server to client. Server push is another matter, not really controlled by server or client. So you'll end up to polling server. This might be a bit more effective than HTTP/1 polling, but websockets will be better. How is it different from HTTP/1 with keep-alive connection? Consider running OS X as host OS and Linux as a guest OS in VirtualBox. Unless you are going to play games in Linux, you should have a good experience. I thought about creating an anonymous peer-to-peer network like BitMessage but over Twitter instead of over TCP/IP. The main benefit is that for the watching government hardware your traffic will flow to twitter, not to some suspicious computers. Of course if government can talk to Twitter, it might find out that activity, but not all governments can talk to Twitter. Another improvement might be not to send base64 abracadabra, but instead send some readable texts (autogenerated or fragments from wikipedia) and encode message as a slight deviations (typos, etc) using steganography. But it would require a lot of messages to transmit enough data. Because it leads to diversity and flaw in one algorithm won't affect the entire user base. Of course developer must provide only safe and well tested algorithms. There might be flaw in implementation. Those are much more likely. > As far as implementation bugs, supporting many options means more users will pick the wrong options, and the attack surface becomes larger so that the chance of implementation issues goes up. Application must prevent users from picking the wrong options. I use Spring and I'm not agree that it's a mess. It has a lot of functionality but good architecture allows to keep it under control and easily enhance when needed. Spring is one of the best open source frameworks I've ever seen. Another UNIX principle is that programs deal with text. PowerShell is huge violation of that principle. You can't easily write PowerShell command with C or Rust or Java, as far as I understand. Yet you can write command-line tool with any language and use it with combination of hundreds existing tools.