To me this was a huge WTF? If they went to the trouble of making the back easily detachable, why did they deliberately do that? Almost feels like they're trolling the user: "Ha! Fooled you!" Even more so when they officially refer to it as the "battery door" in the documentation! https://motorola-global-en-roe.custhelp.com/app/answers/prod... I can remember that out of all the code I've written, I've very rarely needed a +1/-1 except as part of accessing a next/previous element, so at least from this data point, zero-based indexing makes the code simpler and easier to understand. That second example of yours I had to spend a lot more time reading (and mentally doing increments/decrements) to figure out. I'm almost willing to bet there would be more off-by-one errors if one-based somehow became the norm. And that's something that can be done in a single line at the terminal in Windows, OS X, or *nix. Learning how to use that effectively before learning how to code would already be a big step. It actually has a lot more processing power than the minimum required to "connect to the Internet" - TCP/IP and web servers have been implemented on microcontrollers with KBs of RAM. Parsing and rendering HTML, however, does need more than that... ...or maybe not, as this C64 web browser(!) shows: http://csdb.dk/release/?id=30400 You can already do something like this with smartcards (stick them on a reader/writer), although the data transfer rate and capacity is much lower... More like two connections plus a ton of short circuits... I read the title as "$0 commision block storage"... This looks closer to Mathematica/Maple/MATLAB than a basic calculator, although still nowhere near the power of those. Of course 1/0 should be +Infinity, not ?... (Disclaimer: I have a Mathematica console always open on my desktop, and regularly use it for all kinds of calculations.) Interesting to see that they're reusing what used to be the REP/REPNZ prefices for this purpose, rather than assigning a completely new (and likely 0F+) opcode. I suppose it's because the existing instruction decoder already recognises it as a prefix (they would just be ignored pre-Haswell.) To make a game from scratch, you must first reinvent the universe. Python advocacy aside, I agree that OOP is best taught when it "comes naturally" and NOT the first thing programmers should be learning. That is, the ideal sequence of concepts I think would be (along with a possibly contrived but relevant example): 1. Very basic, sequential computation. Add two numbers. 2. Conditional computation. Find the absolute value of two numbers. 3. Computations over homogenous data: Arrays and loops. Find the average of the absolute value of a set of numbers. 4. Computations over inhomogenous data: Structures. Find the area of a set of rectangles. 5. Computations over "even more inhomogenous" data: Objects. Find the area of a set of shapes of different types, and find the centroid of them. That's where you ask "how would you do this with what you've learned so far", and the learners should start to build different structures with a lot of similar aspects and duplication of code (I realize I didn't explicitly talk about the value of functions/procedures above, I guess it'd go somewhere after 3), and then you show them how much more straightforward it is to do with OOP. Now they know the value of OOP and what "doing it without" would entail, and you end up with a bunch of more knowledgeable programmers who won't needlessly create baroque class hierarchies and write more code than they need to, but will use those abstractions when they have value. There is a huge difference IMHO between e.g. being taught dogmatically "you MUST use functions because abstraction is good" like it is something you should take at face value, and being taught by being given a problem in which you do not know about functions at this point and thus write lots of duplicated code and then being shown the value of eliminating that duplication via functions. I've seen way too many learners create half a dozen classes with a ton of methods in them when given a problem that could be solved in a single function of a few lines, then have trouble figuring out what to put in the method bodies... it's completely backwards! No matter how much "architecture" you manage to create with deeply nested objects, in the end all the functionality of your code is essentially based on a series of statements executed in sequence, much like they would be in a purely procedural language. The fact that many otherwise highly-regarded educational institutions are churning out programmers who can create dozens of classes with dozens of methods in them, and then not know what goes in those methods, i.e. the actual "meat" of the computation, is something I find highly disturbing. If you view OO as a set of organisational facilities above procedural code, then it makes a lot of sense. The article is arguing that abstractions like OOP are unnecessary for a beginner. It is only after you understand procedural code that OOP "makes sense". To take that example even further down the "procedural with OO-ish conventions": Window_open(window); Line aLine; Line_make(aLine); Window_add(window, aLine); Because that's how a computer actually works, and the sequential execution concept is something that is intuitive to anyone who has followed a schedule, a recipe, been taught how to tie their shoelaces, ... , in essence, done any sort of living. Definitely. Structures are data grouped together, classes are that plus you can define functions to implicitly operate on their contents (also known as methods), extend them, etc. Then it becomes even easier to move onto C++. > I'm on a Mac so there's no scrollbars. There's your problem. They are still in use for modern mechanical watches with a date display - to advance the date wheel one day per two revolutions of the hour hand. NO, that is the wrong way to go. HDD is important (especially if you have an SSD) because it shows when it's being accessed, Wifi is even more important because you're communicating over the network when that one activates, and if it's doing so without any reason to then you should suspect something going on (like malware infection). Ditto for BlueTooth. If they're implemented well, hardware indicators are impossible to fake. One of my biggest gripes is how MS removed in Win7 the little connection icon in the system tray that shows when data is sent/received (it even split send/recv into two separate indicators, rather clever I think.) IMHO the trend of "simplification" is going too far. How about educating the users instead of making them more ignorant by hiding anything that they "wouldn't know about" (and making it harder for them to even start wondering about - and thus possibly learning)? "flexibility" is the same reason for why we have software designs that are many times more complex than necessary, an IMHO it's a line of reasoning that should be questioned more. As a compromise, the indicator could be wired-OR: software can turn on the indicator if it wants to, and it gets turned on if the camera is on, but software cannot turn it OFF if the camera is on. Things like this are sort of like seatbelts and helmets: you usually don't need it, but when you need it, you REALLY need it. Indicator LEDs usually just dim (unnoticeably) over time. Catastrophic failures do occur, but tend to be more likely with high-power torch/backlight LEDs that are driven hard to produce the most light rather than indicators which are operated at "visible but not too bright" levels. I have a keyboard from '86 and its numlock LED is still working perfectly fine after nearly 3 decades. configuration. It's also cheaper to "just do it in software". Some laptops will seriously overheat if left turned on without an OS loaded, because the *s that designed them didn't even bother to hook up the temperature sensor to the fan controller and left the "hook up" to OS-level drivers. Care to show any Apple laptops that don't have built-in webcams? Sorry to burst your bubble but actually that "physical switch to disable radios" is, if I remember correctly, just another signal to the wireless card (which runs its own firmware as well). It's not a true power kill. IMHO there's no much simpler way to write a CPU emulator than as a huge switch inside a loop as that models quite well what a real CPU does. Anything more just obfuscates the essence of the functionality. Coincidentally it's very likely the new Furby also uses a GeneralPlus 6502 (CMOS) core. I can also get a good idea whether the CPU is idle or doing some particular task just by listening to the motherboard. This isn't any sort of paranormal effect, it's quite audible. I suspect most of it comes from the inductors on the CPU vcore DC-DC converter. For me, the sounds I hear are somewhat like this: Animated GIF = chuff-chuff-chuff, one chuff per frame transition Scrolling terminal window = low hissing, like someone slowly breathing out Dragging window around the screen = high-pitched whine CPU stress test = very high-pitched whistling Loading a big app = a more noisy hiss than scrolling the terminal window, interspersed with HDD sounds I was tested at a young age to have above-average hearing range, so maybe that also has a factor in how well you can hear these things; I don't listen to loud music or subject myself to loud noises either. The problem in your case (no pun intended) seems to be the difficulty of "finding the right branch". With a CPU emulator, it's not so hard: look up the opcode and there it is. Would you rather scan through a single file or several dozen? Interesting trivia I've wondered about (like "why are the registers in x86 named in A, C, D, B order), not really any issue though; you memorise them just as well in any case if you work with enough code. What autocorrect thinks of "mobile devices", I guess. But people do use them an awful lot for watching movies too... In the case that the value you're switching on is a byte, and all 256 values are present in the case (very common for an 8-bit CPU emulator), a switch is a single instruction. You can't get faster/simpler than that. A little hint for improvement: condition() could be implemented as a switch instead of a long if-chain. Did you use this for generating the opcodes? The Z80 ISA encoding is quite regular and octal-based: http://www.z80.info/decoding.htm Do you pronounce it 'stidder'? And before reading the article I already had the impression that it came from someone seeing error messages going to an awfully inappropriate place. > The researchers examined the printer nozzle after printing, though, and found that a lot of cells were sticking to the interior surface All the advances in science and we still cannot figure out how to stop a printhead from clogging. ;) They could've used a 32-bit comparison instead, which would remove much of the oddities (and probably run at the same speed on modern processors). There's always a pattern to the opcodes, even though in some cases it's not quite so obvious (like x86 - it's octal too). The reason has to do with how it's implemented in hardware. The 6502's is only slightly less regular than the z80 and here's an interesting article about that: http://www.pagetable.com/?p=39 IMHO the switch would improve both style and performance, what caught my eye when I looked over the code was that different flags would require different amounts of time to execute, which really seems an odd thing for an emulator to do. Intel does. http://code.google.com/p/corkami/wiki/x86oddities#register_o... I like the story of PHP because it is a very powerful reminder that ultimately what matters is that something works, not that it is beautifully designed or appeals to some other higher-order train of thought. It's a very grassroots-style of innovation where pragmatism prevails, and there is no "right" way that people dogmatically follow. You don't have to know much about data structures or hashing to do anything useful, just find a way that works. You don't have to worry about finding the "perfect design". If people can learn a language like English with far more irregularity, inconsistent function names are the least of their worries. Just do it. And I find that very inspirational and motivating because it says that anyone who puts enough effort into getting something done, will. ...like everyone who has learned C or its derivatives. It's just part of the vocabulary of the language. You could as well ask "what's a list comprehension " in Python, for example. Never seen that one, but I think it's cute. On the other hand, you now have something that could easily be turned into a regex for detecting spam. The majority also use unbranded/local/clone Android handsets (including ones that look like iPhones). > User experience while crashing improved; some users have reported over a 200% improvement here lolwut? > Directory listing is now more accurate It was inaccurate before? What I find when I work with "pointy" data structures is that it really, really helps to draw diagrams to clarify your thinking. I can write a doubly-linked list extraction with my eyes closed (and it'd probably help to do it with closed eyes, since I can more easily picture what's going on) but it very likely won't look anything like yours... what's dec for? And all the extraneous underscores in the variable names, I don't see why you need them. What's wrong with p and p? XML? For key remapping ? Seriously...? The first thing to come to mind when I read the parent was Sean Wrona too... I use StickyKeys which lets me hit Shift and then a letter, which I think is even faster since you don't have to "un-shift" like you would with CapsLock. I don't know when but very shortly after I started to use vi I learned about and used Ctrl+[, and have been doing that to this day. I still tend to use ^[ instead of Esc by instinct, even when it doesn't work in any other program. Indeed, a bootable browser has little use outside of... web browsing. Even an old machine with an old OS is more usable, especially when there's no network connectivity. That happens a lot more than you think with a laptop. > I still can't multiply two-digit numbers in my head but that never posed a problem in calculus, computer science, chemistry, physics, or anything else. How about daily life? Would you rather pull out a calculator? In my experience, (fast) mental arithmetic is very very useful for all sorts of things. Shopping, driving, eating, anything. Perhaps programming should be taught with smaller programs, if it requires syntax highlighting to "[break]down code into units". (Personally, I hate syntax highlighting because it looks like "like a clown vomited all over the page"; I find it incredibly distracting, especially when different colours have different contrasts against the background. The only time I find it a little useful is to match opening parentheses with their closing ones, and even there I prefer shades of grey to colour.) First read that as "Operation Vulva ". Oops. Kingston used to rebrand Intel SSDs (same controller, just a smaller amouht of flash) for the "value market", so not surprising they were good. I got an Intel SSD (G1 80GB) in my laptop to do OS development (drivers), which incidentally is a use case that requires lots of hard resets. Never had any problems with it, and it's been through dozens if not hundreds of hard reset cycles. In fact I got the SSD specifically because I didn't want to be spinning up/down a disk that much, and laptops tend not to have reset buttons (they really need one, IMHO.) >If a power loss causes the flash to scribble on the wrong SSD location (e.g. the tables that keep track of good and bad blocks), the SSD "dies". The problem isn't that data is corrupted in the flash, the problem is that the devices' own firmware (the SSD's embedded controller, which is a tiny computer in itself, "boots" from that) is stored in the same memory used for data storage. They could've gotten around this by not storing the firmware on the actual NAND used for data, but a separate device (or kept it inside the controller itself), so any power loss may cause data corruption, but not render the SSD completely unresponsible and inoperable. IBM/Lenovo has been doing this with their wireless cards, I wouldn't doubt Apple on this either. But instead of it being a whitelist it could just be they decided to strip out support/detection for all other members of the CPU family. I'm pretty sure Apple can't "fix" this since Intel doesn't offer Xeons in BGA. TCP is only complex because of all the optional bits for performance tuning, but if you are only interested in size, look on the embedded side. The actual core functionality is much smaller, and I would even go as far as to say that a lot of the widely used open-source TCP/IP stacks obfuscate this with their added complexities. E.g. http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/UIP_(micro_IP) As long as there are things like SeaBIOS, there is no need for UEFI. I think one thing has to do with the fact that you can find a lot more detailed information about Unix-like OSs than anything else (e.g. Windows), and the general principles being available on over many vendors/variants also makes it a more "generic OS" instead of e.g. tied to Microsoft. SIP/SIPS is nice. You can just use your IP[:port] as your phone number, and forwarding the required ports isn't too hard either if you're behind a NAT. The main issue is the firmware being stored in the same flash memory the rest of the data is, so it's subject to the same corruption. "bit rot" in NAND flash is real - the stored charges will gradually leak out, and especially with the shrinking of each bit cell and MLC, even data that's sitting there dormant will gradually erase itself so the firmware has to periodically rewrite these blocks, at the same time moving them around to do wear leveling (another thing that has been sacrificed in the higher density shrinkage is write endurance.) Corrupting data or BMTs if powered off in the middle of a write is not such a bad thing compared to if that data happens to be the drive's firmware. In the former case at worst you lose a superblock and the OS doesn't boot, but you can still recover from that fairly easily compared to the latter case, where the drive can become no longer responsive. > UNIX is defined by the idea that any end-user might decide to become a programmer at any moment, and this is OK and perhaps even desirable. Very, very desirable in my view; in contrast to the raging trend of simplification/hiding going on these days, trying to turn computers into sealed-box appliances "you're not supposed to know how it works" that give little in the way of things that can get people interested in learning more about them, I find classic UNIX to be very open in encouraging users to learn more about the system. I remember in the pre-Pentium II days people cared rather little about power consumption (TDPs were only a few watts or maybe a dozen at most), and the idle process was basically a very tight infinite loop. Around the time of the PII people (especially overclockers) started noticing that the CPU would stay cooler when halted, and thus started a little industry of "CPU cooling software"... there's an interesting historical page on that here: http://estu.nit.ac.jp/~e982457/other/cpuidle/idle.htm A modern processor, on the other hand, takes a few watts halted and a hundred or more when active, and transitions between these states many many times per second. How much things have changed... x = 5 x := 5 mov x, 5 mov 5, x 5 = x x = x - y sub x, y Most programming languages have dst, src order. It also making comparisons/subtractions and conditional jumps very confusing to read. But would they also be able to replace the public key of the authors in all the other places it appears on the Internet? Oh, that sort of router... For a second I thought someone had coded an IP router in PHP. Which would be a really interesting thing to see, if not particularly practical. I like the sound of computer fans.. the ones I have are a soft hum, which I find rather pleasant. Compilers have gotten better, but in comparison to a human, they are still not particularly good at the edge cases. Things like instruction selection and register allocation in particular, sometimes I wish I had the time to write my own more intelligent algorithms for them. > because you are making the assumption that people want strangers executing code on their machines Except that's pretty much what happens every time you visit a website with JS enabled... It does. ISO/IEC 9899:1999, 6.5.8, p6 has this to say: "Each of the operators (greater than), = (greater than or equal to) shall yield 1 if the specified relation is true and 0 if it is false. The result has type int." cmp price, 100 cmc salc and al, 5 add al, 5 6 bytes not including comparison. "You don't get into the demoscene, the demoscene gets into you." :) I don't see it as a flaw, but now that it's brought to light I think it deserves more investigation. I'd really like to see an open-source SD controller, maybe even one of the SD-to-raw-flash type. But on the other hand, I think we should be enjoying the relative freedom of today (and trying to preserve it for the future); it seems too many are trying to spin "security" as something beneficial, when what they are really saying is "we're making things secure against you and taking away your freedom so we can control what you do; it's also effective at securing against attackers, which is all we're going to promote". If this line of thinking continues we may see devices in the future that are even more locked-down and user-hostile. (FYI I've worked with embedded systems for quite a bit and also knew SD cards had firmware in them that could be modified, but never really investigated it - just put it in the back of my mind as one of those "I'm curious enough that if I had the time I'd have a go at it" things - along with several dozen others.) With process sizes where they are today, there's basically going to be nothing remaining after one erase + program. Raw flash today is already struggling to hold the contents of one write cycle as it is, never mind remaneance from several... IMHO "code golf" would be a lot more fun and interesting (and even practical in some ways) if the goal was to produce the smallest executable and not source . I wonder if MOVEM was inspiration for ARM's (V)LDM/STM instructions? x86 has provided an optimised memory copy instruction ever since the 8086: REP MOVS. The history and evolution of this instruction has quite an interesting story from a CPU architecture perspective. But it may still be an 8-bit 8051 core, from around the same era. You may also find that your monitor's embedded controller is a 6502. These old architectures just won't die, they tend to turn up everywhere now. Originally the instruction was the fastest way to do a block copy, and generally this was the case until MMX appeared, and then it fell into the set of "microcoded CISC instructions no one really uses" - so Intel didn't bother to optimise it much (the RISC fad was also really starting to take off in the PC world at the time) and it started falling behind. But then, in the post-P4 era, when CPU designers realised that high clock speeds weren't everything, and it was better to make instructions do more per clock instead, it got a lot more attention and a lot of detailed information about that can be found in this thread: http://software.intel.com/en-us/forums/topic/275765 Even more recently (Nehalem and beyond), they really started paying attention to optimising this instruction, so that even the byte/word variants will copy entire cache lines at once if possible. http://stackoverflow.com/questions/8858778/why-are-complicat... (IMHO the 2nd answer to that question should really have been chosen, since the 1st answer would be closer to reality a decade or two ago.) In a time when computation is largely constrained by memory bandwidth, the size optimisation can have quite practical benefits. There will definitely be variance on different systems but this is why you standardise on the system for a competition. Also, I think it's not quite so impressive to see a 100-byte source file turn into a few hundred KB or few MB binary as it is to see what could be done in a 64K, 4K, or even 256 bytes binary. Yes, this used to be how you flashed a BIOS for a bricked motherboard, when BIOS chips used to be socketed: boot the good board, pull the BIOS chip (while it's running), put the bad/blank one in the socket, and flash, then power everything off again and put the good one back. > Or at least an open source BIOS. http://www.coreboot.org/ I remember when most motherboards would have a physical BIOS write-protect switch, which would've prevented all software from modifying it. These days it's been eliminated from most if not all, for reasons of cost and "but it'll require the user to open the case to upgrade the BIOS!" -- and apparently, the automatic updating software for some laptops will update the BIOS in the background without warning , which is even more disturbing to me... It's much faster and there are certainly people who don't care because the data is worthless to anyone but them. The randomly generated talks here are just as hilarious: http://pdos.csail.mit.edu/scigen/#talks But the sad thing is, you could probably show stuff like this on a TV series as a "this is what research produces" and the majority of people wouldn't know any better. Isn't it just voltage times current? :) I'd like to have more control over my browser in general, and I think many here also share the same thought. The issue is that browser vendors seem to make it harder and harder to customise these sorts of things by removing configuration options etc. And requiring to install an extension/plugin to get this ability just makes it harder for the average user to become aware of and take control of this. What a word-soup of a title. For some reason I parsed "worry drug" as a single noun and wondered why their makers are poor... > coupled with some physical BIOS chip reader. And the chip reader needs to be cheap enough for us to assemble ourselves; we can't really trust some company to make it for us, because the company could be coerced into subverting it or it could be subverted in transit after we order it. So it seems like we need an open source blueprint of a BIOS chip reader that's cheap and easy enough for anyone to make themselves. (A tall order, to be sure.) BIOS chips these days are almost invariably SPI serial interface, which means it is not difficult to make a bare-minimal "manual" one with a battery, a couple of LEDs, resistors, and switches. Just key in a read command by hand, then read out each bit as you pulse the clock line. Pretty hard to subvert something as simple as that, but the problem is how long it will take, so maybe you could do this just to verify the bits that comprise a "root of trust" and not the entire BIOS image. It seems that communities that mainly use programming languages for reasons of "getting stuff done" value backwards compatibility the most; they are the ones who would rather not have to spend the time "upgrading" things that used to work perfectly fine, and would rather use that time to do something more useful and related to their ultimate goals. Personally I think backwards compatibility is getting less attention than it deserves, and that software should evolve slowly and gradually and not suddenly make huge leaps, because all these breaking changes start to look like they're just creating unnecessary, wasteful work. Imagine if things like mains plugs changed every few months, with appliancemakers all adopting the newest backwards-incompatible version. In some ways software is easier to change than hardware, but at the same time we must remember that effort needs to be expended to perform these changes as well, effort that could be used in other ways, and often there is a lot of interconnectedness in the systems we are trying to change. >Apple doesn't think people need them I am more inclined to say Apple doesn't want people to think they need them. Those caps in the PSU are going to get pretty cooked judging from their position... I would love to see Python seriously consider dropping case and underscore sensitivity in order to speed up developers How? By making it harder to find all occurrences of an identifier? Case sensitivity is debatable since editors have the option to ignore case during searches, but ignoring underscores isn't something any text editor I've seen has as a default search feature. Indeed, documentation is another thing that is going to show schisms, not just code. Backwards-incompatibility means that the majority of Python tutorials and books are just going to be broken, and one of the worst experiences I've had is with finding example code/description online for something, only to discover it won't actually work for the latest version. I have a WGR614v6: it shows no response from port 32764 both from internet and local. At first I thought it was this, which has been known for a long time now: http://wiki.openwrt.org/toh/netgear/telnet.console It almost felt like the memes were for obfuscation, because they certainly had that effect on me. I'd say if this was a presentation, it would be neither informative nor professional. A well-placed meme for humour can be good, I agree. It used to be the case that unaligned memory accesses were twice or more slower because they literally required multiple bus cycles, but for x86 that hasn't been true since the Core 2 at least: http://lemire.me/blog/archives/2012/05/31/data-alignment-for... And MSVC doesn't support GCC's pragma, so for optimal portability #pragma pack(1) is my preferred way of doing it. Coming from an 8-bit assembly background, I've always found this alignment size/speed tradeoff to be a little vexing (either it's slower, or we're wasting memory), and thought "couldn't the hardware be better?" so finding out that x86 has evolved to the point where unaligned accesses basically have no penalty was really pleasing. No more bytes wasted, so we can have small and fast. (How do they do this? By making the memory bus a lot wider than a word, among other things.) IMHO ARM is just starting to see the value of this and catching up, if only the other architectures would do the same... Intel actually put in an feature to trap on unaligned access starting with the 486 (and it still exists today) - look up the AC "alignment check" flag. Of course almost no one used that feature since x86 supported unaligned access from the very beginning, and I think this flexibility is one of the reasons why it's stayed competitive: lots of features initially, not all of them optimal (e.g. division instruction on the 8088 was extremely slow), then improve on them with each new microarchitecture, the result being that existing software benefits from these improvements. In contrast, an architecture that didn't support unaligned access would not do much for existing software if faster instructions for unaligned access were introduced since they wouldn't be used. > It always amused me how Apple is capable of producing so quality hardware and has so bright ideas in design , but makes so awful lot of questionable decisions in software. > I have a MacBook Air and delete key is only 3mm apart from power key and I mishit it from time to time. Am I the only one who thinks the first sentence is a bit sarcastic?