Wow, the Algol-68 spec really is impenetrable. But... Paper checks don't actually move money around, computers changing numbers in electronic ledgers do. A paper check is just a device to trigger that process. I'm not sure this story makes any sense to me. Feynman reportedly tested at 125 on an IQ test in high school. Which just indicates how completely useless that test was. Yes. If you listen to what everyone is telling you without evaluating it for yourself, you are indeed a fool. Why not? The idea of 30 million piano-playing Chinese isn't important because we need piano players. It's important because the fact that someone can take piano lessons implies a certain level of economic status beyond day-to-day survival. It implies a growing middle and upper class. Those implications lead to the conclusion of much larger markets, which leads to the idea of more wealth creation resulting from people filling those markets. Tsunamis? Climate change is responsible for earthquakes now? Yeah, I loved that one. Does provide some perspective. On the other hand, I kept thinking how thrilled he must be that his game is going to be a huge movie, since he really wanted to be a filmmaker all along. I wonder if you'd get the same effect with powerful used cars that cost much less. I tend to think you would. Read a program that's at least a few hundred lines long in Haskell. Now read it in Lisp. Readability counts! There's an interesting page linked there, wikipedia's internal Newbie Treatment Study. Good to see they're at least considering they might have a problem. http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Wikipedia:Newbie_treatment_at_C... What's the benefit to me as the user though? It's neat, but does it have any actual effect on anything? This is interesting too- "I really wish I could be more positive about the Kyrgyzstan material, but I swear I pulled every trick out of my sleeve trying to milk something out of that. It was pretty funny though - I told Malcolm what you said about my possibly being too Graybill-like in evaluating the response functions - he laughed and said that's what he thought at first also. The data's tempting but there's too much variation even within stands. I don't think it'd be productive to try and juggle the chronology statistics any more than I already have - they just are what they are (that does sound Graybillian). I think I'll have to look for an option where I can let this little story go as it is. Not having seen the sites I can only speculate, but I'd be optimistic if someone could get back there and spend more time collecting samples, particularly at the upper elevations. Yeah, I doubt I'll be over your way anytime soon. Too bad, I'd like to get together with you and Ed for a beer or two. Probably someday though. Cheers, Gary Gary Funkhouser Lab. of Tree-Ring Research The University of Arizona" http://www.eastangliaemails.com/emails.php?eid=12&filena... There really does need to be a full and detailed explanation of all this, immediately. It's in response to the climatologist trying to get him to publish anyway. He was being pressured to make his data fit. Great, so now all we need is to run this in the released data and verify if the graph was produced with the code commented in or out. If there was released data, that is. The point being we only know how the code looks in that file, we don't know when the commented out sections were commented out. So nothing is proven here either way. I await the explanation of this little detail. At what other periods to tree rings not correctly correlate to temperature? How do we know the last 50 years is the only time this has happened? Since we do not know why the temperature has not correctly correlated over the last 50s years, we can't really know when else that has been the case, can we? So why do we rely on tree rings for any period? They are proven to be unreliable over a signifcant period, and we don't know if or how often that's also true of the past. That's the main issue. The user base for it will be relatively small for several years. Hopefully many of the people on IE 6 will leapfrog to a HTML 5 browser in the next few years, that would solve a lot of issues. I like the way it shows that the core site is but a part of the overall strategy. An important part, but just a part. It's also a good reference to use to answer the question "What does the non-tech founder do?" Well, see all those other boxes? Figure out how they apply best to you. My favorite hiring process I've been a part of was with a AI startup. The initial phase was a list of maybe a dozen questions in an email. Fairly open-ended questions about how I perceived aspects of intelligence, ontology, and general philosophical concepts. Then a day at the company talking with the founder and the team, walking through their concept, long two way discussions about it, and a discussion about the direction of AI in general. Didn't get into a lot of coding details, it was assumed if I could participate in the conversation at a sufficient level that I'd be able to work the rest of it out. Which was true. Great process, completely appropriate for that situation. Can you direct me to papers correlating tree ring data to temperature data outside of the 100 year range from the mid 19th to the mid 20th cenutry? You indicate it's obvious, but I'd like to see the actual papers. What do you imagine you would want to be? I'm just waiting for that inevitable 3 AM post in which Arrington reveals all. It's always those very late night posts that are the most interesting. Most of the people I know in their 30s and 40s married with kids are completely desperate for more social opportunities. This is the sort of thing where you can see that Marge and Dave from a couple streets over are going out to dinner Saturday and it's a chance to join in. Given the way physical communities just aren't communities these days, this sort of site is a chance to reverse that. Who do you think is on facebook and twitter anyway? Thanks for this, always good to have real data! The exact same software that would allow for accurate tracking of the 20% that make money would work for the 80% that don't. The fact that they can't properly account for the 80% strongly implies that they can't properly account for the 20%. $3.99 each. Gonna have to lower that price point a little. Too many people with their hands in the till. You know they have considerable income right now, right? "The US rating agency Moody's has warned that Dubai faces a "systemic increase in debt" after borrowing abroad on a huge scale to fund its construction boom, raising the risk of a financing crunch unless richer neighbours in the United Arab Emirates offer support." - Oct 13, 2008. Yes, 2008. Who didn't see it coming? http://www.telegraph.co.uk/finance/globalbusiness/3191538/Du... Very nice. Search is well done, though it's not immediately obvious there are more categories than shown. Explorer didn't seem to really show me things I liked, I think that's going to be really tough with art, as each piece is unique and things that may seem similar evoke quite different reactions. Still, the site has me seriously considering buying something. So there you go. Everyone's look at the sites in that video aren't they? But this does seem like a problem that would already be solved. And yet I don't think it is... It hasn't even actually come to market yet. I love the guy from the Small Business Administration's comments being so stern. Typical. Although there's no indication in what he says that he's talking about the subject of this article at all. The article doesn't say Geithner was hired by Citigroup. It says he was hired to run Treasury by someone who previously worked for Citigroup. If you're going to factcheck, make sure you're checking facts. Some software called Supercollider. Here's the article that links to that page. http://thewire.co.uk/articles/3177/ You're assuming the only value Google gets is the raw data. Does Google seem like the sort of company that stops with raw data? Or do they seem like a company that will squeeze every tiny little bit of information out of that raw data? There's MUCH more value in Twitter's firehose than the literal tweets. Google will extract it. PageRank needs to get a lot smarter. It's possible, though unlikely, that the entire report is deliberate misinformation. The guy runs a visual effects company. So. He's got at least one project being shopped around Hollywood right now. Who knows who it really is. Could be some random kiddies in Des Moines. The good news for Twitter is that I keep wanting to go to Twitter to get the latest news on this hacking. They're my go-to source for breaking news. I'm sure they're worried about a membership drop, but you really would think that the ACM of all people would understand that false scarcity is not a business model for information-based organizations in today's world. Arrington is just a bit of a fighter himself. "To the best of your knowledge" just means you haven't bothered to find out. I stopped reading at the word "bleating". Everything you wrote after that was wasted. Think about that before you post again. Are there really 10s of thousands of scientists doing climate work? What is your source for that? It seems like a high number. Answering my own question, there may in fact be 10s of thousands of "climate scientists", for a very broad definition of climate scientist. http://rabett.blogspot.com/2006/11/how-many-climate-scientis... Interesting to note though, how low the number is for scientists actually working on climate change . I could say nearly anything will be here by 2047. Hmmm. I wonder how they'll deal with policing this for porn. I like the 3 dot one. Better conveys the idea of "for everyone". Cleaner too. It's also where the go-to-prison is when one of the girls is under age. Ask the Girls Gone Wild guy. I've always been puzzled by people who can't see how to make money from Twitter. Imagine there was a global, constant conversation happening in real-time and involving 10s of millions of people. Now imagine you can know exactly what each one of those people is saying. Can people really not see the massive value in that? It's also true that if you're spending $300,000,000 making the movie, it's got to play everywhere. EVERYwhere. It's going to be translated into 50 languages, usually badly. It's going to play in villages where no one reads and no one speaks English and the sound system loses half the words anyway. Simple works. Complex doesn't. As foreign box office has grown to a higher and higher percentage, this has become more and more true. Avatar did over 2/3rd of it's global box office opening weekend outside of the US and Canada (the "domestic" market). Cameron did his job. I'd be seriously impressed by anyone who could actually learn math or physics from wikipedia. Those articles are so poorly written and jargon heavy that I rarely learn anything from them. Happily the computer science articles tend to make at least a little sense. But then I already have a degree in the field. The problem in my experience has always been that management can't just leave well enough alone and make it straight performance based. They have to tie in all these things that they think should lead to good performance, whether they actually do or not. This experiment seems fundamentally flawed to me. If they see things they can't explain in other ways, it could be dark matter.Or it could just be things they can't explain in other ways. I must be missing something. This whole article rests on the idea that reach (number of followers) equals influence. Twitter pretty much proves that wrong right out of the gate, so why is anyone debating it? This says absolutely nothing about whether people with real influence (which isn't the same thing at all as number of connections) affect things. Of course, it's all meaningless if you're just going to let people on your watch lists waltz on to your planes. "Disable aircraft-integrated passenger communications systems and services (phone, internet access services, live television programming, global positioning systems) prior to boarding and during all phases of flight." Because you can't blow up the plane if you don't know where you are. The simple, clear, undeniable fact (not theory of what could happen, but fact) is that in this case, placing extra attention on this person who was on the watch list would have kept him and his bomb off an airplane full of people. It's not too difficult to notice your plane is descending. And you know the length of the flight, within a reasonable tolerance. So timing can't be too hard. This rule makes no sense at all. The part that bothers me is where he says they asked him a lot of detailed questions about his model in such a way that they planned on using the details for their own service. I don't see that as being a good thing in the least. It's my understanding from the Netflix TOS for their API that ratings can't be stored by a third party, for privacy reasons. Perhaps that has changed, or perhaps I read it wrong. I was skimming out of curiosity. I looked into it a little more today via the dev forum on nexflix. A couple of relevant threads- http://developer.netflix.com/forum/read/49287 http://developer.netflix.com/forum/read/52540 In short, it looks like you can't get full ratings history, though you can get up to 500 of them. And you can't store for more than 24 hours. Though several months ago Netflix said they were looking to change the api so you could get the full history and also to change their TOS so you could be allowed to store it as a third party (with sufficient notification to the user that you were doing so). So it may work out in the not too distant future. Excellent article. The current Zynga model is certainly unsustainable. They've hired Brian Reynolds, which hints at deeper games to come, but what they're doing right now will be ineffective in 6 months. One thing I've been coming to terms with- just because something makes no sense long term doesn't mean that it's not a valuable course to pursue short term. If, and it's a big if, Zynga can reinvent itself in the next 6-9 months, then this initial phase was brilliant in that it gave them the resources they needed to move on to real domination. If they don't reinvent themselves, a few people will have made a lot of money, but nothing permanent will have been built. A real opportunity will have been missed. But they can't keep on the same path, it just won't work a lot longer. Of course, there are "personal interrogations" in US airports today. They're just "random", but they most assuredly exist. A world in which would be bombers instead come from wealthy families and are smart enough to be engineering students, You know, like the last would be bomber. Can we put to rest the myth that it's lack of opportunity and education that creates terrorists? It's blatantly not true. I don't know. This all just seems so unlikely. Far more likely that he misunderstood what he saw. Slideshow from Gears Of War developer, seems to be advocating Haskell as the "next mainstream programming language". Now that I'm impressed with. Order of magnitude, what's a top app make in a month? What's the monthly price of the plan with tmobile? For unlimited voice/data or whatever their closest option is? The problem here is that the mind works by mental tricks. Just because you don't think of them as tricks doesn't mean they aren't. Don't you think it would be better to select the tricks that operate your brain by intention rather than by accident? I have walked into a Best Buy, ready to make a computer purchase on the spot. And then walked out because I could not buy what I wanted without their "optimizations". I simply will not deal with retailers who do this. Step 1 is to get out of the mindset of using the same solution for 20 years. You often don't, and when you do, it almost always costs you more in lost opportunity than it saves. Yes, yes, I know many many legacy systems are out there that are decades old. And every single one of them represents major lost opportunity. Release early, release often isn't just for startups. You know, a lot of banking systems still shut down for nightly "maintenance". I can't imagine Twitter is looking to be acquired. Buy and sell electricity. Gooron! >Google and Microsoft are paying roughly 3¢ for every 1,000 tweets. That's a pittance in the world of online advertising. Completely irrelevant comparison. They aren't selling advertising. Andrew Carnegie would have agreed. I looked at the "computer science" section from the left menu, and the top of the list was The Great Gatsby. That must be for the future financial engineers? Upvoted for sincere willingness to help others (Even if I don't particularly subscribe to the point of view promoted.) But this has always been Zuck's position. He hasn't always focused on saying it in public, but he's always had little patience for people wanting privacy in social networks. There's a bit of irony in the CEO of an advertising company complaining that people overspent their means. A man who profited from promoting consumption thinks there was too much consumption. Downvote me all you want, but the bubble was caused by the desire of the people to consume outstripping their ability to create value. Advertising aims to increase the desire to consume. Which of those statements is false? The general population cares about being able to do what they want to do on their machines. If there's software people really want they they aren't "allowed" to run on their machine by the gatekeepers, they will, as they have countless times in the past, vote with their wallets. >It is patently false to claim that all marketing acts explicitly against the interest of those it advertises to. So it's a good thing no one has claimed that here. I am saying that encouraging consumption does tend to lead to over-consumption. Equilibriums exist in textbooks, but in the real world there's a clear tendency for oscillation in economic markets. If you're pushing one way, yeah, you're a part of the problem when things go over the line in that direction. Advertising is nowhere near neutral in its effects on consumption. Sure, it may have some minor effect that reduces consumption, but taken as a whole that's not what it does at all. Note here this is different from what you're reading into my position. I'm not saying marketing is inherently bad. But I am saying that it does push in a direction, and too far in that direction is bad. One of the better explanations of the Google approach I've read. Google aims to shape the market to their benefit, to create new markets. They think not so much in terms of products as how those products will affect the existing structures. Looking at their eyes, it also seems they're usually watching hands and/or hips. The thing is that blogging in itself encourages more organized thinking about a topic. When you go to write a blog entry, you inevitably find that what was in your head is not nearly as coherent as it needs to be in order to write it down. Writing it down forces you to put your thoughts in more order. Do it enough and your thinking naturally becomes more organized in general. You know, like programming does for you. So blogging in itself does have some value. Tweeting only has the value of forcing you to select what seems most interesting. Which is still of some value. As I'm reading it, they're going to charge 15 cents per megabyte to deliver the app itself to the device. That cost will be deducted from the app price, and the remainder is what will be split 70/30 with developers. They cap over-the-air delivery at 10 meg. Anything over that is downloaded to user's computer, then to kindle via usb. Cumbersome. So you could have up to $1.50 of the app price deducted for delivery fees. Probably not going to settle in on a 99 cent price point... That's simply not the case. The claim got widespread media coverage. Technically, the article is about the politics of the WSJ, and the poster responded with a comment on the author's politics. You can't talk about politics without talking about politics. I think people are dramatically overstating the degree to which the WSJ has increased its political content. There's a slight swing, but I believe people's perceptions are exaggerated because of what they expect from Murdoch. I also think it's rare to talk about economics in a way that's free of political bias. I think most of the time the bias is just subliminal, and people are more likely to notice on WSJ at the moment due to Murdoch. The bigger problem for me with the WSJ is that it seems to include more and more "soft" economic news (lifestyle, human interest, etc) and less "hard" news. I don't have hard data on it, but it feels that way. Could be my own version of Murdoch awareness. I think the current system works fine. People who want to find new stories just have to click the "new" link. Usually 1 upvote is enough for a story less than an hour hold to get a shot. No, it shows that people didn't find any of those stories worthy of upvoting. There's only so much room on the front page. If you featured something new automatically on the front page, then something else falls off. No doubt people would then complain about that. You could make the front page longer, of course, but then I'm sure some set of people would complain about that . I don't think it works like that. From what I've observed, it depends far more on the state of the current front page stories. At night, when most of the stories are older, a single upvote on a New story an hour old can put it on the front page. In the daytime, you usually need that first upvote in 15 minutes or so. But it's not a set time or point scale, it's based on what's currently on the front page, how old those stories are, and how many points they have. The one thing I do agree with is that after a certain timeframe, I do wish even the most popular stories decayed more quickly.