Google does document Intent constants that work with the standard application compliment of AOSP, and SDK add-ons typically document their Intent constants. An SDK add-on would be one way an app with a rich Intent interface could make that interface known in a more-formal way. 100 megabit service is available at consumer-oriented pricing in Japan and other places. One obvious use of very fast service is to substitute OTT TV for cable TV, or to provide server-based 3D gaming, or, for non-entertainment purposes, to provide high-definition video conferencing. I'm sure others can enumerate a long list of applications. But, the real point is there has never been a shortage of uses for more bandwidth. Instead, it has always opened new possibilities and created new value. The great risk in not having inexpensive, fast Internet service is that the next great value-creations on the Internet will happen more often outside the US, and therefore not help to restore economic growth in the US. The way I earn a living is the same way most musicians earn a living: By working for hire or teaching (consulting). There are about 10,000 books that make any measurable money at all, at any given time, and only a small fraction of those earn the authors enough to live on. Even famous authors of widely read books often have a "day job." Books I have co-authored are "pirated," mainly in markets where wages are lower than would support a local edition at local pricing. My publisher does not use DRM on e-books, and e-books still rapidly outpaced paper books. If you do the thought experiment, lack of copyright protection or a significantly shorter term of copyright, or some other variant, like a publishers' agreement not to trespass on other publishers' author relationships for some term, would not change my direct income from book writing very much. Publishing would adapt: Books might be serialized so that subscribers get first access on a continuing basis. Or frequent editions (which you might see anyway, with e-books) might become the norm. Apart from the handful of authors of "blockbusters" the book publishing economy would not change that much. We have made, and are protecting at great expense a novel result: A small number of authors, musicians, motion-picture makers, etc. can make big money through mass-reproduction of their works. Is that an advancement of civilization worth subverting all the potential for free expression the Internet provides, or not? Two comments here converge on a complete response to Chris DiBona's assertion: "A platform controlled by a single vendor and locked down by hardware vendors != the Linux desktop "dream come true" "For smartphones, sure. For desktops this is not going to happen for a long time if ever." As much as Android is now both the dominant client Java and the dominant Linux userland, there are two things that have to happen before it is the Linux "dream come true." First, it should become really open, without a Google controlled two-tier structure for OEMs. Not all open source, but open to all comers: Anyone who makes an Android device that passes compatibly tests should be able to ship the Android Market on it. In this, Microsoft is more even-handed with OEMs. Any OEM can license Windows, and they get the same thing HP and Dell get. Second, Google needs to make this openness and evenhandedness happen for tablet makers, which are more like desktop PC makers than handset makers. Tablets are not tied to mobile networks, nor to mobile network operators' retail channels. There is no mobile operator dictating what the software content of a tablet must be in order for it to be accepted by their channel, so there is no excuse for the process to be less than transparent and open to every product that passes compatibility tests. I have good reason to like Android, and the way Google has made Adroid successful, very much: http://www.amazon.com/Programming-Android-Zigurd-Mednieks/dp... I also know from experience in the mobile application business that Android Market is the easiest platform vendor or carrier-controlled app market to deal with. My comments relate mainly to how the tablet business differs from the handset business. The same practices that might be necessary for Android handsets don't apply to tablets, and evidently don't work as well, either. I think tablets will be a very big part of computing, and Android tablets should be a big part of the tablet business. But, so far, Google hasn't allowed many low-cost OEMs to ship Android-based products with Android Market and Google's other proprietary applications. Had Google gone with, say, Archos on a $350 tablet instead of Motorola for a high-end product, the tablet roll-out for Android might be very different now. More generally, Google should not have tried to pick a winner, or a winning approach to tablet product formulation. That openness to all comers makes Android Market vibrant and diverse. Maybe Google should try that approach to tablet OEMs, too. > you start jumping into the rabbit hole when you start getting into server API integration and doing processing off the main thread (AsyncTask, IntentService, Service, unit tests lions tigers oh my) Yes, the first thing to learn is concurrent programming in Java, and Android's classes that simplify it. Then learn about components - everything that implements the ComponentCallbacks interface - and how lifecycles work. If you skip over this you are doomed. Then learn how to keep your data model in a ContentProvider. After that, you are through most of what is different and that might be strange. Interesting but all anecdotal. The office layout productivity study that sticks in my mind showed that any change in office layout improved productivity for a short time. More light, dimmer light, higher cubicle walls, no cubicle walls, etc. It all improved productivity. And then there was a return to mean. A nap after lunch seems to be common in Chinese companies. In both big consultancies, and small entrepreneurial companies, i have seem people put their head down and take a brief nap at their desk. I have read that some companies have a formal policy encouraging this, but it seems widespread anyway. You do realize that leading off with "Respectfully, you don't know what you are talking about" isn't reducing the image of insularity Wikipedia has acquired? It says "If you don't get up to speed on the obscure processes, such as that anyone can nominate an article for deletion, you can't participate in the dialogue." For some reason, unexplained to outsiders, this is a feature, not a bug. At least recognize that Wikipedia is the odd subculture, not the people critiquing Wikipedia. More people know him as a TWiT Network host, nowadays. > encryption is hard, and thereby expensive The problem with that is that systems like Skype require strong encryption to work at all, and Skype manages to provide high quality voice transmission despite using encryption on a wide variety of OSs and hardware. It will probably be more technically difficult to make Skype friendly to snooping than it was to make it secure. Your response is an example of the natural tendency of some people to find comfort in authority, even when it is shown to be ineffective. Nothing personal. Lots of people react in the same way. Sad nonetheless. Which do you think is likelier: A. Java FX is the Java UI technology that makes cross-platform - including mobile platforms - client Java relevant and attracts a significant number of developers? B. Android compatibility becomes available for non-Android OSs and Android becomes the de facto portable client Java. Or put it in terms of scenarios: Google settles the Oracle suit and ships Java 7 and JavaFX compatibility in Android and significant numbers of developers use this to deliver multi-platform Java apps. Or: multiple vendors offer Windows desktop Android virtualization or JavaSE-like implementations of the Android runtime, and these are used to move tablet apps to desktops. I did see that, but I think it is a reasonable assumption that Oracle wants Java 7, and JavaFX, on platforms other than Windows. I suppose Iceland's domain registrar was busy that day. RMS is difficult because he is consistent, because he is right about difficult topics, and because people have a natural tendency to be comforted by authoritarians. But the issues RMS writes and speaks about are fundamental to human rights, and to the continued ability to create and innovate and create value without getting prior permission. Sham transactions are a common part of financial crimes. Ownership didn't change in fact, just on paper. Linking all the owners together in one family showed that the transactions had no material effect on where the rent and equity money was going. I find myself fumbling with the three scroll bars in GMail: Two are owned by GMail, one for the main pane of the UI, and one for the message pane embedded in it. The browser's scroll bar controls scrolling for the contacts displayed on the right side of the window. A case can be made for this in that all the scroll bars are closest to the content they scroll. But it also points out the unsatisfactory state of having the browser control some scrolling and the active content inside the browser control some of it. This would never fly in the design of any UI library for creating interactive applications. The first two top-level comments I see here amount to: a) Beating bloggers, especially hippies, doesn't count b) If we had only prevented the protests, we'd be doing better Still more reasons America is in a slump in these rankings If you have a thread longer than your window, that's one scroll bar. Gmail creates it. If you have a reply, for example, in that thread longer than a few lines, it is scrolled within a view in the thread. If you have your chat contacts displayed in the right pane, the browser window's scroll bar scrolls that pane. That's the case I'm describing. This is only true for publishers that are making large numbers of hard-back books for an uncertain market. Trade paperbacks are going print-on-demand, and e-books have overtaken print books in some categories already. When is the last time you heard anyone boast "I'm in my fifth printing?" So, while this puts some inefficiency and perverse incentives into part of the publishing industry, the effects of this have been washed out, in most cases, by technological change and changes in the supply chain. I don't think "discoverability" is meaningful. Nobody speaks of restaurant discoverability or beer discoverability or shoe discoverability. That's because nobody would lend the money for a shoe factory, brewery equipment, or a restaurant build-out without seeing a plan for reaching the prospective customers and making them aware of the product. For some reason, people think mobile app business plans don't need this. That myth may be created by the lucky few who turn out not to need it. They got "discovered" like a starlet at a soda fountain. The app market managers decided to feature that app, or a widely read blogger stumbled upon it. But planning on that is like planning on winning the capital for your next app with a lottery ticket. If your business plan can't support end-user marketing, you may need to decide you are not writing your app with financial goals in mind, or you need a solid alternative marketing plan and put the effort in to executing that with the same dedication you put in to writing the app. Tl;dr: Mobile app markets are not a way to get around the cost and effort of properly launching a product. "Ant? Why do I know Ant now? I didn’t know Ant 2 days ago. Is it really necessary to have to learn a build tool to perform such a common task?" Ant is the backstop to the build the IDE makes automatically, in cases, like this one, where there isn't a parameter you can set in the build options dialog. You might not like ant, or having to learn it. But it's not an unusual choice for Java builds. There are many cases in more-complex Android project builds where ant is necessary. The first sign of trouble is: " A previously (very) successful game on iOS, it was brought over to Android in order to take advantage of the huge number of devices that run the OS." Right. A game with graphical assets designed for a couple of fixed screen sizes and resolutions is going to have problems on a system that forces developers to handle multiple screen dimensions and resolutions. Shocked. I'm shocked. The one thing Android "fragmentation" (meaning whatever it means in which ever context) hasn't caused for applications that were developed for Android is compatibility problems. Android apps are remarkably compatible on hardware that they were never tested on. There is plenty to hate about OEMs' craplets and "enhancements" - which comprise the more commonly held definition of "fragmentation" - but they have had very little effect on application compatibility. That's GPU "fragmentation." You have multiple hardware/firmware/driver implementations of OpenGL. Unless you prescribe a GPU and software stack, you will always find things that slip past compatibility tests. The irony of this is that, with Android 4.x and the Fragment APIs for scaling UI from tablets to handsets, Android is the only UI system that has sophisticated ways for apps to intelligently arrange their UI elements to fit all sizes of devices, and developers are, as yet, ignoring those APIs. The Android SDK includes a library called the Support Package (previously called the Android Compatibility Package). This library provides support for Fragment and related classes, and Loader and related classes back to Android 1.6. Even if you are targeting API levels lower than in 3.x, using the Support Package is a substantial benefit in organizing your UI code and improved concurrency support. As ever, you can set your minimum API level below the API level to which you build, and test for API availability at runtime, for any API in Android. Your mileage may vary. Myriad had been trying to sell their own VM as a "turbo" Dalvik, but, so far, no takers, that I know of, among handset OEMs. The thing is that Dalvik balances performance and battery life by aiming for fast interpretation plus minimal JIT compilation. One could easily show that the Oracle VM would trounce Dalvik at computation benchmarks, since it is aiming for best possible performance using a very sophisticated JIT compiler. But I suspect getting the Oracle VM to not suck your battery dry would be a challenge. "Free memory" in a garbage-collected managed language is difficult to measure. If you don't have to GC, the performance-minded choice would to not GC. Every computation costs battery life, so I would suppose Android's GC is tuned to not run if it doesn't have to. If you look at the specifications of system.gc(), it can be implemented as a placebo, like the "push to walk" button at the street corner. So even explicitly GC'ing isn't guaranteed to do anything. Android also has a strategy for "swapping" components within a process, and whole processes. This is, effectively, Android's GC strategy across processes. An Android system's memory, especially on small-memory devices, should always look full-ish, but you can almost always launch a new task, since GC and components and process "swapping" (the "destroy" phase of component lifecycle) and GC can almost always make room for more. PS: This is also why Android "task killers" are snake oil. You aren't low on resources. Let Java manage memory. All Android apps are subject to component lifecycle. Native code is no shield against a process getting reaped. The Android NDK provides lifecycle support even for all-native code apps. For a lifehacker article, that contained very little of pithy, "try it now" practical advice one expects from that blog. The death of the dreaded dashboard is very welcome, but "side navigation" is nothing but a half-baked transformation of the same idea into a pseudo-fragment implementation. Google+ is a particularly bad example how to do this. The Google+ layout is much better than it used to be, but it needs a real two-fragment layout on large screens, which it still does not have. Why have a layout that is half-hidden on the right, especially on large screens when two fragments could easily be placed side by side? Is is possible, even easy, to do a single code-base that "auto-magically" adapts to one Fragment object visible, or two, depending on the platform's choice of layout. The problem with dashboards is that they do nothing. Imagine slapping a dashboard screen on the top of the GMail UI: You would only interact with the dashboard to get someplace else. Ugh! A literally useless place. You always want to be someplace else. The problem with "side navigation" is that it is only a visual change. It tantalizes you with the idea that you are someplace else, sort of, with a mostly-useless, partly obscured view on the right. Otherwise it is the same as a dashboard. Everyone wants the ability to leave a strong supplier. On top of that, Samsung's road map for their feature phone OS, Bada, is very likely to point to a Linux-based OS. So everything Samsung is doing is completely normal. Ironically, Nokia closing the Meltemi project, which would have created a low-end Linux-based OS, shows how irrational Nokia's strategy has become in the cause of leaving no shadow of a doubt that Windows is only way forward that will be broached by Nokia's leadership. The article just brushes the surface of these issues: Web applications are appropriate for information applications. Not a surprise, since the Web originated in hypertext. Web apps are good for presenting and navigating ad hoc multimedia information. If the target of a Web app is appropriate, a Web app will be the least expensive way to go. Native apps produce the best looking, most touchable, and fastest apps, but be ready to pay to get results that are significantly better than a Web app. Make sure you are doing something that requires direct manipulation, and that takes advantage of how the underlying OS works. On Android, for example, make sure your app takes advantage of Android's fragment-based UI features, inter-app cooperation, and device hardware, if applicable. Cross-platform panacea SDKs like Titanium result in lowest-common-denominator apps. If you are considering Titanium, you should probably make a Web app. There is only a narrow category of apps for which cross-platform SDKs yield the best result. User interface is only the surface manifestation of OS architecture. Both Android and iOS have very distinctive userland technologies layered over open UNIX-like kernels. While a cross-platform SDK might give you access to almost all of both platform features, it is very unlikely to be able to abstract those features in a way that results in portable code. For example, Android's component-based app architecture runs very deep in Android implementations. If you subvert it, or plaster over it with an abstraction, you lose the ability to minimize your app footprint by having relatively small components "destroyed" or swapped out of memory in Android's unique approach to making Java memory management work across component and process boundaries. Windows 8 for mobile devices is yet another distinctive OS, with a unique kernel and similar, for still very distinctive managed language runtime, plus legacy compatibility. We're in an era of OS and managed language runtime innovation. Each one is striving to provide the optimal feature set, and that often involves the way in which apps and components of apps communicate and cooperate. plastering over the semantics of those large and deep architectural differences is going to result in a lowest common denominator result. Java is on a rocket due to Android. Now that the Oracle threat has receded, that trend could accelerate. The most interesting thing about the Nexus Q is that it enables sharing a device. That is, it has the ability to temporarily use accounts from Android devices. It can run Android apps, so it is, in fact, an Android device. It isn't tied to an individual. If this is well-implemented and secure, it's an interesting aspect of the Android OS that hasn't been exposed in other Android devices yet. If it is possible to build a similar system from the AOSP code-base, that would be very useful for people with a less-dogmatic idea of a feature set. Most other aspects are, as Pogue points out, full of WTF. Actually, that's because the designers of Android took the gamble of replacing the Linux userland with a touch-oriented layer built on a managed language runtime. They did this instead of trying to evolve it toward a vague goal in that general direction, or trying to drag along legacy apps. In hindsight, it's obviously the right thing to have done. But it was a gamble at the time. This is not succeeding: "The problem — really the only problem, but a big one nonetheless — is they couldn’t ever find a way to make those numbers grow. Nothing they did worked, and Rosedale doubts that even early Facebook integration would have helped." It has also stagnated technologically, since revenue can't fund a level of development that would open new applications or market segments, nor market such new capabilities. Second Life is a spectacular and obvious failure. It isn't a game (but it attracted all the trolls and griefers a game would attract). It isn't anything in particular. If you go to the site, there is a question: "What is Second Life?" Follow the link, and play the video. Now tell me if you have an answer. As a matter of national economic and technology policy, Finland needs a backstop to Nokia. And the world could use another open platform for phones. Privacy standards are much higher when you rent a house. Why should they be lower when you rent some bits? What I would add to this is: Understand component lifecycle. Understand it well enough to know you have to design your app around it, because you can't subvert it. Do this first. Do not write code before you understand this. A good way of understanding this is to override all the lifecycle methods in Activity and log them, then watch what happens. Understand that Android can "destroy" both individual component instances and whole processes. Understand that you can't thwart "destroy" by holding a reference. Understand Android's support for a data model in a sql database, abstracted by ContentProvider, and how to build an observer pattern around this. Understand Android's support for concurrency, enough that you know the limitations. The limitations of AsyncTask are hard to put in two sentences. It starts with AsyncTask referring to an Activity. Now let's say you create a configuration change by rotating your device, and the Activity you had is destroyed. There begins the tale of woe. Here is a good writeup: http://andreas-kluck.blogspot.com/2012/02/asynctask-and-asyn... The Android Support Package enables you to back-port apps written for the latest API level and using a Fragment-based UI implementation all the way back to Android 1.6. That's a great question. If you look at the set of classes that enable you to build an observer pattern on top of databases in Android - Cursor, Adapter, and View, you see that you can skip the ORM and POJOS in most cases where you are simply displaying data, with some minor processing that can happen in the Adapter. This works well in Android where each process's maximum heap is something between 16 and 48MB, and keeping your data model in a database is a way of continuously persisting it. There are exceptions. You probably would not want to build a CAD program this way. Instead you would take the performance hit to rebuild your POJOs after the component they are contained in gets reaped. Two things you can do about this: 1. Adopt a Fragment-based implementation design that uses layouts to automatically choose the right set of Fragments for each screen size. 2. Use the Android Support Package to back-port to earlier versions (all are supported down to Android 1.6) 3. Target API 15, but make your minimum API level requirement as low as 4 or 5. Test for API availability at runtime. It occurs to me I answered your question only obliquely: Android doesn't have ORM. It does have a database stack that makes ORM unnecessary in most cases. Two more things: 1. It might run. APKs support packaging more than one machine architecture for NDK code in one apk. Currently, there is built in support, in the SDK, for both ARM variants and x86. You can get add-on support for MIPS. Possibly others, IDK. 2. If it doesn't run and you have source access, and if the native code is all in C and C++, you can compile it by adding the option to generate x86 code. It will be packaged in the resulting apk file, and should be installable on Google TV, unless it uses other APIs not available on Google TV. The author misses at least a couple things that drive the success of Android, and may have been critical in the early stages of success: 1. Android was open enough that every chip maker for mobile devices and interactive embedded systems saw it as a huge step forward: no more crappy UI stacks licensed from proprietary technology providers. 2. Being based on Linux, having a liberal open source license, and having most of the code created by Google under this open source license, except for a suite of proprietary applications that are not a critical part of the OS. 3. Using Java and a familiar toolchain On top of which, though this is a subjective measure, Android is elegant. Android was a novel solution made by very capable people with a background that gave them good taste and good judgement. When I first saw Android, the first Macintosh immediately came to mind. Just like Macintosh, Android did things differently in pursuit of doing more, with less, in a mass market device. Forgot to check that. Good catch! Don't let the perfect be the enemy of the good. Of course it would be preferable to have true structural separation in service providers, having a competitor that has interests that are not aligned with most content publishers is a pretty good consolation prize. While Google has products that overlap with legacy content publishers, that doesn't appear to have made Google enthusiastic about keeping bandwidth prices up, and content under tight control. That is a real concern. But the cure is found in faster service: With fast connections you can host your own services. What we really need is multiple competitors in connections this fast. "Google will have to offer cable TV for this to work." It isn't necessary to have separate bandwidth for TV. And any kind of bundling with Google Play would make the product a lot less attractive. If you can demonstrate you are productive and adequately grounded in general computer science, you should not have trouble getting contract assignments in a hot area like Android programming. You can use the contract assignments to build your resume. Or, if you have the means to write some apps for Android app stores that look good and get good reviews, you may be able to skip that step. Conventional mobile phones have become (some say they always were) Big Brother tracking and surveillance devices. The amount of surveillance your are subject to reduces the value of mobile phones. For some people, reduces it so much as to make them, even when balanced against their usefulness, undesirable. As for regressing 20 years, how often are you able to pick up an incoming call right away? Your phone is 90% of the time a mini Internet tablet, not a portable version of a land-line phone. The privacy issue isn't just theoretical. There is a blacklist of more than 3000 activist construction workers maintained by police and UK companies. Could the people on that blacklist have kept themselves under the radar by paying closer attention to communications privacy? I don't think the Bada -> Tizen transition is official yet, but Bada had a Linux-based road map, and Tizen would work on the kind of hardware to which feature phones are transitioning. As for it being an invalid or unfair comparison with Windows Phone, you have to take into account that the feature phone business is overall in steep decline. What might be called a "feature phone" in the future is likely to be indistinguishable from a low end smartphone. The difference will be that the feature phone's ecosystem is more-captive to the carrier's ecosystem, and that will support lower initial costs. I think there will be a class of phones that do almost all of the things a smartphone like an iOS or Android phone do, but that have an app and content ecosystem where more of the revenue goes to the carrier. Can't have a settlement without at least the threat of a suit, and "Let's just talk it over." probably did not get Apple's attention. I was looking at Google Maps the other day and mistakenly asked for the driving directions from Massachusetts to Taos, New Mexico. Absurd! It would take four days, at least! But not if your automated car can drive straight through: It would take a day and an half. Four fueling stops. That's enough not to need the loo built-in. With two passengers, the economics are compelling. Airlines better figure out a way to reduce the overhead around air travel or they are toast. It's a three hour drive to Taos from ABQ. Depending on where you start, there are no direct flights to ABQ. Flight schedules often require traveling during the day, and when you can travel at night, a seat that's comfortable enough for a good night's sleep is expensive. I have experienced two hour delays at the car rental desk at ABQ. There are many places where air travel is long and inconvenient. The US has poor rail connections from airports. Airport security adds uncertainty to making one's flight and making international to internal connections. Airlines have cut their redundancy to the bone, so cancellations and missed connections can turn into an extra day of travel, rather than just a changed flight. Of course, I hadn't considered stepping out of the terminal at ABQ and into a robo-chauffeured rental that arrives precisely when I'm ready to go. So perhaps the drive at the end of a long day of air travel turns into a restful nap. Still, being able to travel privately, quietly, directly, and whenever in the day makes it most convenient makes elapsed-time comparisons not always valid: Any distance where you could step into a robo-car in the evening and wake up at your destination would become tough for airlines to claim greater practicality, never mind comfort. The rant is a mixed bag: The state of Android visual GUI editors? Much improved but that just moves them from abysmal to shameful. Animation? General-purpose property animation, which debuted in Honeycomb is very powerful. LayoutTransition is less-general, but very convenient for transition animations. Declarative UI in XML is the worst possible way to do it, except for every DSL that's been tried. If you prematurely proliferate different layout files for different configurations, you are screwed. There is no solution, except to convince your designers they will never get the pixel-perfect results they get on iOS. Maybe lie to them and tell them they get only three size variations and two density variation: Big tablet, small tablet, and handset, plus hi-res and medium-res. Thinking through the likely consequences of "volunteer bureaucrats" should send a shiver down the spine of anyone designing a crowdsourced resource. Even without a formal system of recognizing the work such people do, their own gratification inevitably rests on wielding the power they have. So, yes, a system of meta-moderation, and preferably one that is mechanical and resistant to being gamed, is needed. As fascinating as it is to see emergent cultures in Wikipedia editing and reddit moderation, it ends up being dysfunctional, and that doesn't serve the goals of the communities from which those sites derive their value. I do not believe this debate will ever be fully resolved one way or the other. That is, there will always be things Web sites/apps are better for: Delivering free-form, multimedia information, especially when frequently updated. Or for relatively simple apps that benefit from pervasive access. There are also things that OS-specific apps are likely to be better at for many years to come: Apps that operate in the background without using a lot of battery power, and interactive apps that manipulate and organize information and benefit from the richest and most responsive user experience that is integrated with OS features for information and device resource sharing. OS innovation hasn't stopped. App development for iOS, Android, and Windows 8 hasn't even fully probed what those OSs can do for app developers in creating apps that work together. And the OS developers have not stopped improving their app APIs. They all have different approaches to interaction and application architecture, especially inter-app communication and cooperation. So not only will we see a continuation of platform-specific apps, we will see a lot of innovation in what those apps can do on different platforms, and a richer expression of the differences between platforms. "Write-once run everywhere" has zero value to the end user. They want the best Facebook/g+/Twitter/whatever experience possible on the platform they use. These technologies live in a very narrow space: 1. If you are delivering information that wants to be accessed everywhere, write a Web app 2. If your users want the richest interactive experience, write platform-specific apps 3. For everything else, use proprietary multi-platform app SDKs. What is "everything else?" That argument is a little circular. If a platform has significant market share, apps get ported to that platform. If not, it doesn't matter. Before there were Web apps, all software makers wrote apps for multiple platforms. Porting to a platform has a cost, but, for a successful software company, not a relatively large cost. Even unprofitable platforms are likely to be supported by some software makers as a way of erecting barriers to entry, or to speculate on the future success of that platform. Users will expect all the features of their platform to be well-supported in their apps. That's a tautology: users prefer a Web interface over sucky apps. Which says fairly little about what user might prefer when the apps don't suck. This is hilarious, and has been lampooned authoritatively by Steinbeck: ""I guess the trouble was that we didn't have any self-admitted proletarians. Everyone was a temporarily embarrassed capitalist." If Alibaba's allegation is true (as opposed to a more mundane reason, like a new OS is too crashy to launch), then it is a pretty big deal. Threats like that would make Android a lot less open if you have to choose between your relationship with Google and using AOSP. There are many good reasons to impose such an agreement: The more OEM "customize" Android phones, the most difficult it is to keep them up to date, and that, as another current story points out, leads to unpatched vulnerabilities hanging out there longer than they should. But, if Acer and Alibaba were making a different product, with a different ecosystem, where vulnerabilities would not be blamed on Google, that's not a good thing. That will have Amazon wondering if their ODMs are in line for a threat like that. The problem is there is carriers' money at stake. The carriers, and sometimes the OEMs, get paid to place crapware on phones. Regarding "Just like many graphics chips, this processor does some black magic to boost performance and Intel doesn't want to give any clues to competitors..." One reason it's common for GPU makers to be secretive is that there is a very big risk that GPUs and their drivers violate patents, and the makers of these products want to make it as difficult as possible to ascertain whether patents are being violated. They won't even broach the topic because that would draw them in to willful infringement. So a proprietary OS maker like Microsoft can conclude a deal with IMGTek and give them all the secrecy they want, and Linux is left out. Apparently even Intel can't get IMGTek to open up. Intel probably doesn't want to complicate their negotiating position with IMGTek by saying anything about whether Intel's GPUs might be sufficiently power-efficient to go into mobile parts. There is a lot of money, and a lot of product viability at stake. Intel GPUs have open source drivers. While it is unlikely that there is actual cash-per-tweak in handset look and feel, Samsung got a lot of business with Verizon by providing an iClone-ish Android product. So even when the carrier isn't getting paid to place an app, the carrier controls the channel (in the US), subsidizes the handset, and dictates what the OEM puts on their phone. The most accurate comparison might be with Microsoft's "Signature" line of PCs sold at Microsoft stores. They carry OEM branding, but no craplets or OEM mods. Instead of trying to build a Nexus brand, it might be more effective for Google to emulate the Signature program. I believe Swartz's point is that 10TB of data is not something you can build a self-perpetuating bureaucracy around, anymore, and that this implementation is, in fact, simple enough that it can be made available and maintained for a tiny fraction of the cost of JSTOR. Are you suggesting the case against Swartz is as serious as a burglary in Cambridge, Massachusetts? Or less serious, since he did not damage a lock or deprive the owner of the use of anything? Or is your argument that this is legitimately a high-profile federal case? If I were Google, I would release the whole suite of ecosystem apps wherever I can get them to run, including iOS, and all the significant Android-derived OSs: Kindle Fire, OPhone (OMS), and Aliyun. Android doesn't need the crutch of app exclusivity. The shortsighted aspect of this is that our government wants to order businesses to become spy-friendly to foreign governments that have a track record of stealing economic, industrial, and scientific data. Foreign governments will model their laws after ours, and specify the same interfaces. The article contains a common error: "Every iPhone comes with iOS exactly as Steve Jobs intended, which means developers know precisely what they’re getting." On Android, that's not the problem. All Androids, as uglified by OEM add-ons as they might be, are highly compatible with applications. All Androids running the same API level of Android, even the Kindle Fire, run all the applications that use those APIs. There are optional APIs that some apps depend on, but those dependencies are also completely unrelated to OEM customization of Android. The problem is that "customized" Androids are hard to upgrade. That means that, while all the iPhones that can run iOS 6 will be running iOS 6, there are many many models of Android devices that will never be upgraded to Jelly Bean. And that reduces the value of a lot of the Android installed base relative to Apple products in the field. Running a customized Android means that the OEM, has taken on the responsibility of upgrading. In the case of phones, the carrier may have their own software load and so they, too, now sit on the critical path to an upgrade. It isn't FUD. Google is behaving inconsistently with what they say, and that makes Google a less-than-reliable partner in open source cooperation. Acer was slapped down, yet Haier, also an OHA member, makes both Aliyun and Android devices. Google claims Aliyun is "incompatible" and also claims Alibaba is stealing apps, or, at least, distributing them without the developers' permission. So, which is it? Numerous OHA participate in the OPhone OS development and use. OPhone is roughly equivalent to Aliyun, and is used by China Mobile. Ophone good, but Aliyun bad? The problem is arbitrariness. For each one of Google's justifications for yanking Acer's chain, there is something in Google's track record that is inconsistent. Citing the pharma industry as a strong patent success story is a dubious place to make a stand. There is a lot less good science behind pharma than most people think: http://www.ted.com/talks/ben_goldacre_what_doctors_don_t_kno... If you think "This is borne out of a massive incorrect assessment of the pharmaceutical industry. It takes a tremendous amount of money to bring a drug to market, billions." you might also think Hollywood accounting has anything to do with the actual cost of making movies. It really depends on what you mean by "programming." Following some dullard's waterfall plan to put sludge data in one server into a database of sludge on some other server would make anyone depressed. Writing books, consulting on multiple interesting projects, and being well-remunerated is a very rewarding way of making a living. Can't complain. In May, Google announced the expansion of the Nexus branding to multiple OEM partners simultaneously. LG has recently shown off a Nexus phone, and one can expect more such announcements. Nexus now resembles Microsoft's "Signature" branding for craplet-free PCs. All reasonably recent Nexus devices get upgrades directly from Google, much like iOS devices. Also, not all OEM extensions are evil. Samsung's mobile device management extensions can be very useful in some use cases. If only we could get such extensions a la carte. This is a relatively old question on Stackoverflow, and Dianne Hackborn's answer is authoritative as usual. To sum it up: Don't worry about global free memory. Your app can use up only a relatively small part. More accurately, each component (Activity, Service, etc.) of your app with the attribute can only use up to 48MB. Usually, all your components are in one process. Within your process, Android will "destroy" (null all references) to components in your process and recreate them to optimize memory use. At times, Android will destroy every component in a process and delete ane re-create whole processes from the saved state of each component. This explains why PIDs are not reliable for tracking android app resource use. Your tasks (the components on the back stack starting with the task root, which is the component that was launched by the Launcher) are not tied to one process, nor one PID, throughout their lifespan. This applies directly to the conditions of workers in the US. The kind of uninsured workers we discuss on this board are young and healthy. The bad outcomes are rare. But they do happen. If you expect your young coders to work without benefits and little pay, you should know the risks you have placed on them. The market for mobile Windows 8 is embryonic, and will remain so for longer than is relevant to a Nokia turnaround. Windows 8 is for high-spec phones, and will take several years to move down-market. It isn't the high-end phones that drive a million Android activations per day. Windows 8 tablets are even less able to turn Nokia around. The game therefore has already been won or lost. This was foreseeable. Windows CE Core was never competitive with Linux. Killing Meego looks like a career-management move. It could have been a bridge, at the cost of casting some doubt on Windows as a strategy. Nokia could still buy Jolla, but that would be a hell of a climbdown. That seems awfully thin-skinned. Having written a couple books for programmers, hate mail is just part of the landscape, and the more your own tastes and opinions come into play, the more there is for people to disagree about. Sticks and stones, etc. Ultimately it's not crucially important. But it's also unnecessary. And if you don't have Google's resources behind your behind-closed-doors development, you could be missing out on community contributions. Buying a patent portfolio attached to a troubled hardware-maker is hazardous for a company like Google. But if Moto didn't make Android devices, this story would have no link to Android. Maybe there is a wider story in that Android strategy hasn't been consistently good or effective. Mixed messages about what Google will do with Moto made OEMs nervous. Prior to Nexus 7, tablet marketing wasn't brilliant. But everyone should be so feckless as to bumble their way to 1 million+ activations per day. There should be plenty of time to test them now, to see if they are dangerous, and to see if they were correctly calibrated while they were deployed. Right? Predictable analyst is predictable: Buying Motorola saddled Google with all the pain of a badly run OEM staffed mostly by people Google would not hire. I hope the patents are worth the pain. As for Android, it has had the effect of making Google the leader in mobile ads. Otherwise, might Apple, or Facebook, or Amazon, or Microsoft, or some independent ad network be the leader? And then we would have analysts asking why Google didn't make a phone and own the ecosystem. Hernan Cortez didn't burn his ships because it was prudent. He did it to give his crew no choice but to follow him. Had Cortez and his men died in the jungle, that would not have been regarded as a bold act of leadership. The difficult part of making an e-ink Android, or applying an e-ink display to a general-purpose platform is that the way screen-drawing is implemented has not been designed with e-ink in mind. The display might either seem "flashy" because the full screen is blanked and drawn for every update, or the screen gets "muddy" because the graphics stack isn't keeping track of how many times a screen areas has been rewritten without being reset. Page-at-a-time updates, like those between pages of a book, are the most compatible with how e-ink works. Wait, it gets worse: once you have basic updating working, you face having to modify a lot of UI widgets that, for example, use smooth-scrolling, which would muddy-up an e-ink display. You could start by nerfing a lot of animations in Android, but I'd bet you would still encounter implementations that are not as clean as to use up-to-date animation implementations. You would have to size the job by looking at every standard widget's implementation and factoring out the parts of that implementation that are hostile toward e-ink. After all the widgets are clean for e-ink, you then have to take a look at some user interactions: Dragging a "thumb" to scroll through a list might be quite tough to do well no matter how it is implemented. All the contender OSs listed in this article have a Web runtime for applications. All are making the same bet, that Web apps are ready to take on "native" apps. One thing that sets Windows 8 apart: Windows has a mature application runtime, the Common Language Runtime, that is roughly equivalent to Android's Java-based application runtime. Aliyun is derived from the Android Open Source Project (AOSP). In intent and execution, it is much the same as OPhone, which is another Android-derived OS used in China. Neither one violates licensing terms for AOSP. There are many devices that make use of AOSP for a wide range of purposes, from the well-known Amazon Kindle, which competes with Android, to in-vehicle systems you might never know run AOSP. If you look at the Open Handset Alliance membership, you will find several that either sell OPhone devices, or develop and integrate OPhone system software. And yet Google objects to none of that. Curious, no? In 2001 I got a beta of the .NET Compact Framework on an HP PDA, linked through Bluetooth to an Ericsson GPRS-equipped handset. In 2001, I was surfing the Web with a real browser and writing applications in a Java-like language using an IDE with powerful refactoring and debugging features. In 2001, I had in my hands, and Microsoft had in their product line, all the basic ingredients of Android. Between then and now, Microsoft failed to restructure Windows Mobile around .NET. Failed to make anything out of their purchase of Danger. Launched the Kin. And now may be too late with Windows 8, although Windows 8, the application technologies it contains, and the UX formerly known as Metro make it a worthy competitor. Imagine if it had 11 years of evolution and app development behind it. This all depends on what is meant by "dead." There are many businesses, like minicomputers and 370-architecture mainframes that continue to be large money-making businesses, but that have no mind-share because there is no upside, and nothing new to be done. It looks inevitable to me that PCs will stop being a consumer business. The only people who will buy them are people who need them, plus some remnant who are too used to them to change. Why has Obama been going to Florida? The only reasonable answer is that he is looking not only at the snapshot numbers someone like Nate Silver does a good job of reporting, but the trend, way ahead of current polling. Campaigns are very numerate. For the same reasons, Chris Christie and Michael Blomberg feel safe throwing Romney under the bus.