The NYTimes subscription model is one of the few benign-sounding things in the world that makes me actively angry. Their pricing model charges you X for Web access. Okay so far. They've decided to charge for content. Fine. Their pricing model charges you (X+Y) for web+smartphone. I'm not going to say this is stupid, because obviously apps cost money to develop. Sure, it's the same content I'm viewing on 2 devices, but I'm downloading some app that took literally WEEKS to develop, so I get it. Their pricing model charges you (X+Z) for web+tablet. This is starting to get silly because I can't really understand why a tablet app costs more to develop than a smartphone app, and anyway, I'm already paying for your content in the "web" portion. Here's where it gets insulting, and where I refuse to give them a goddamned penny. Web+smartphone+tablet. First off, you're telling me that it's not good enough to pay for web+tablet? I have to pay extra for a smartphone on top of that ? Okay, but surely I pay a discounted smartphone rate, right? It's, like, (X+Z+(.5Y)), right? There's no way the esteemed NYTimes would think their customers are so bloody stupid as to not only pay for smartphone access on top of tablet access, but pay FULL PRICE for said smartphone access, right? WRONG. NYTimes wants you to pay 2X+Y+Z for web+web+tablet+smartphone access. Look it up, I'm not joking here. They insist that their product is so valuable, that not only should you pay extra to access their web content on a tablet or smartphone, and not only should you pay the SAME AMOUNT for each of the web+tablet+smartphone, they think their customers are so bloody stupid that they should double pay for web content. Their most valuable customers, who want to pay for all digital access should be the ones who get ripped the most. And, as pointed out elsewhere in these comments, this is more than paying for dead trees shipped to your house every day, and throwing them in the trash. And then their advertising materials treat their allegedly valuable content as if I'm buying some cut-rate TV service. 4 week teaser rates. Really? 4 week discounts on content that, I'd hope, most users would plan to subscribe to for years if not decades? Get over yourselves, NYTimes. You've turned a class of people who would otherwise respect your work and who actually desire to pay for it into people who actively dislike you and celebrate your failure. Huh. I had no idea. I've been using MacPorts for what must be a decade, or close to it. Tried Fink a few times, never had any luck -- but never had a reason to find anything new (brew). I guess the Ports versions of everything I use are "good enough". If it ain't broke, and all that. October 2015 they'll be liable for CC fraud if the transaction in question was not cleared on an NFC+EMV capable terminals. I don't know where your info is from, but it's either old, or they'll change their tune fast. Also, some businesses can avoid PCI audits if 75% of their transactions are cleared on NFC+EMV terminals. The liability shift you keep hearing about bundles NFC+EMV together into a single concept. They're inseparable as far as CC liability is concerned. Yes, that old corporate shill, Consumers' Union, clearly accepted huge sums of money from Pioneer and Apple in exchange for a biased review. Yeah, I don't get it either. I'm reading the comments here trying to even understand what a "travel planning site" would look like. I SORT of get it, but everyone seems to have totally different ideas of what this product would be. I don't care, really. I just got back from 5 countries in Europe in 4 weeks. I just... went. I mean, we booked a couple places to stay ahead of time, and I planned my car rentals and bought tickets, but none of that was remotely difficult. I never once thought "gee, I wish I could... uh.. go to a site.. and ..click things". Huh. works great for me in Safari on OS X - and normally I'm the first to complain about poor site behavior (particularly animated gifs which Safari is terrible with). You sure don't think much of the intelligence of the average German, Dutch, or... Emir..ati... person. Las Vegas is perhaps the worst city on the planet for the carless. I've had many amusing incidents of attempting to walk places, where not just sidewalks, but roads simply do no go through. LV, LA, and Miami are particularly appalling examples of US cities which have terrible pedestrian access. That said, I've never seen as many people talking on their phone while driving as I saw last month in Reykjavik. Actually I still argue that tabs are a Bad Thing. Developers have taken a thing that SHOULD be handled by the window manager, and written their own way of doing it -- every application slightly differently, naturally. It's not as big a deal on Windows where the look+feel of various applications was always inconsistent as hell -- remember when Trillian was the most popular IM client, it seemed like in those days virtually every application handled windowing differently, it was terrible. But it's a bigger issue on OS X and in Linux. Since both have functionality to cycle through windows of a given application, tabs become less important. Of course, we still end up with visual clutter, so even luddites like myself use tabs now and again. But this should really be implemented as an OS feature, not on a per-application basis. Google, of course, vehemently disagrees, since they implement their own terrible look-and-feel everywhere. (see: crappy windowing inside of GMail, crappy windowing behavior of Hangouts, etc). shrug Just paid $750 for an iPhone 6, unlocked. The alternative was renting it from my carrier for a similar amount, divided into 24 months, and being handcuffed to them for unlocks and the like. By using BYOD pricing on my ATT plan, I pay less every month than I would on a subsidy. Yeah, I'm not everyone , but arguing that "most people" won't do what I did is kind of missing the point-- they already DO pay that much, just not all at once. It's kind of crazier when you realize what people are paying without knowing it. The subsidies are going away -- ATT and Verizon in the US are forcing people into their monthly payment plans -- which is kind of nice, because people actually see what they're paying instead of just seeing it "bundled". I went through a few of these. At least once the GPU burned up when it failed to go to sleep after disconnecting from my thunderbolt display and putting in my laptop bag for 18h. I think I went through two MBPr 15" machines before I got one that didn't have the problem. I still think it's possible some software I had was triggering it initially, but once it happened a few times, even a clean install with nothing on it could trigger it. Was very frustrating. Don't live in BFE Concord? Could get a 3/1 on the Peninsula for a bit more (say, 800-850). Less if you're willing to live in Daly City or EPA or something. Anecdotally, the Northwest has been complaining about people from CA moving up and "ruining the place" for decades. (see: "Californians driving up our housing costs", "Californians don't know how to drive", etc. I grew up in the Seattle suburbs, and it was a common refrain in the 80s and 90s, and I'm sure it goes back at least to the 1962 World's Fair, if not the early days of Boeing. Also anecdotally, I moved to the Bay Area, my parents moved (back) to SoCal after 40 years in the Northwest grey. Plus, I have 4 dot-com era friends who have moved from the Seattle tech boom to the Bay Area tech boom, all in their late 20s/early 30s (so not just-out-of-college types), and I know a few others who are considering the same. And I don't know a soul from here who moved north, except for people who came down here for college and then returned home. I guess it's like they say, "the plural of anecdote is not 'data'". SFH. Obviously you're going to pay out the nose for MTV or Los Altos. I haven't shopped in Sunnyvale but that comparison (to the other 2) surprises me. I'd expect it to be cheaper than, say, Redwood City. I remember back in '06, places in MTV were cheaper than Santa Clara. Should have bought back then! I remember thinking Google couldn't get any bigger, it was already a huge company. Guess I couldn't have been much more wrong. For 1.2M you can get a decent-sized 3/2 or 4/2 of maybe 1800sqft. Not in Mountain View, obviously. $ It's getting better. SFO, for one, has long-neck water dispensers for filling your own bottle. I've found other airports often have something similar. Of course, you need to think ahead to actually BRING your empty bottle (or dump the water before security), because my first thought when packing is "oh, I can't take my Nalgene because they won't let the water through security". It takes an extra step to say "oh, wait, I can take it through EMPTY". Of course, it also seems silly to pack a large empty container. I'm more likely to use a disposable bottle if I'm going to an event, or I'm walking around a city all day as a tourist, and want to be able to ditch the bottle rather than carrying it around empty. That said, I virtually never buy water, I dislike it on principle and only do so in special circumstances. There's some interesting research out there suggesting that head/neck injuries are actually more common among helmeted bicyclists than the non-helmeted. The factors include the extra weight of the helmet, the size of the helmet causing the helmeted head to strike the ground when an unhelmeted head would not have, and additional risks taken by helmeted riders (think: risk homeostasis). Unfortunately I can't find the link that was making the rounds a few months ago. In my own personal anecdotes, I have had one major bicycle wreck where I somersaulted into a car, one bicycle wreck where my chain snapped and I flung myself over the bars onto the street, and a couple of low-speed (~10mph) motorcycle offs where I collided with the ground but my head did not touch. Though there was one motorcycle case where the side of my helmet dragged on the ground slightly from about 5mph; it's arguable whether my head would have hit. That said, I have hit my head incredibly hard snowboarding, after catching an edge at very low speed ("last run of the day!" type thing), and always always always wear a helmet every single time I ride a bicycle or motorcycle or snowboard, just as I always wear a seatbelt in the car. It's just a habit, and a good one. This is why economics should be taught in schools. Or too small. In some cases, I bet there might just be one new luxo-lifestyle super expensive apartment building right next to the station, and nothing else. You throw a lot of alleged experience behind your opinion, but, having had to hire MANY employees in the Bay Area, it sure as hell doesn't seem like anyone's getting cheap labor, and I sure as hell don't see anyone languishing on the market thanks to this influx of ferriners. I have no source either, but I'd bet a very small sum of somebody else's dollars that "most people" in the US, at least, listen to most of their music in the car. That's an amazingly narrow-minded way of looking at a problem. It's easier and quicker to break your window than to pick your lock, $50 or $250. "Harming the regional peace and security and violating human rights for money". Interesting. The focus on this film and these supposed ideals make it sound very regional. I'm not saying it's North Korea, but it's someone in the region. Assuming the "purported hacker" actually had something to do with it. Unfortunately, political loyalty lasts far longer than brand loyalty. Gusty in RWC. Mostly calm but the gusts are definitely >15mph. Doing the opposite; SFO to SEA, but on Friday afternoon. Should be no problem, but you never know with SFO. I've personally had good luck with that airport but delays seem SO common. Parking spot 2 blocks from the highway? After all, it was the CHP that gave you the ticket.... In my experience, CHP is the EASIEST law enforcement agency to live with. 12 years here and not so much as a traffic stop. It's paradise compared to anywhere else I've been. Pretty common in France, from my experience -- even more so than in other European countries. It would be more popular in the US, too, if school wasn't so damned expensive! They already made it available for downloading, as the hack demonstrated. Yes. Accounting for cultural and random variations, it's the same. I've never understood why so many here ignore the CONTENT of the releases from the GOP. It's so clearly NK or an NK sympathizer. I don't see that kind of regional outrage and anger typically being used to frame someone else. I have literally no idea what this means. At first I took "lifestyle company" to mean "company that produces things for people's lifestyles", but his description seemed to be more about one's work for the company being a part of their lifestyle. Regardless, I recoil and avoid like the plague any product or service targeted at my "lifestyle" (typically with the word "luxury" thrown in for good measure). It's a sure tell of a company looking to separate fools from their money. And therein lies the problem with the author's attempt to extract huge meaning from a two-word term. Or perhaps he truly understood what the CEO meant, but just utterly failed at articulating what he meant. It's throwing around annoying editorials like "unwarranted" every time it doesn't apply to what you're excited about, and not expecting others to do same. You're the kind of person who feels they're fighting the good fight and the whole world is against them, proud of having this unpopular opinion that nobody agrees with. Yes, you're a special snowflake. It's lame. I generally agree. However: If you are risk pooling with much lower-risk devices and people, then you can still come out ahead. For example, maybe most people buying that kind of coverage are buying it for devices that rarely break or are lost/damaged -- they might be simply insuring against theft while you're using the damage coverage. It's worth noting also that he's not talking about "driving in hilly terrain", the original comment is talking about driving almost exclusively uphill. Going to Tahoe you'd go from somewhere around 0ft to around 8500ft depending on the pass, and then down only to 6200ft. Of course, this will impact all cars, though I find only a few MPG difference in our vehicles driving up to the ski resorts around Tahoe. One curious thing I've noticed is that my relatively-high-Torque-and-HP car with a manual transmission gets almost the same mileage on flat ground versus going up and down mountain ranges, assuming there's no net elevation gain. My girlfriend's fairly underpowered Subaru with a 4 speed automatic does significantly worse in the hills than it does on flat ground. Also interestingly, the Tesla should get significantly better mileage in thinner air (on flat ground) where a gas-engined car has to deal with less air to burn which balances out the lower wind resistance. Would also be interesting to see how the elevation change would affect a tesla at net 0. Say, drive from Sacramento to Truckee and back; I think the range should be plenty. I read somewhere that Whitehorse has the highest number of bicycle commuters per capita. I rode my motorcycle through there a few years ago, and it was quite beautiful.. but I don't get why so many bike commuters. I guess compared to a big city it has no transit or less transit? But less spread out than a typical suburban area? The statistic would have surprised me in an area with mild weather year-round; nothing about the area seemed particularly well- (or ill- , for that matter) suited to bicycle commuting. A fairly compact downtown but plenty of rural housing. The cold winters just made the bicycle commuting stat mind-blowing. Any feedback about this statistic? Is it like a "yeah, but.." kind of thing? Or does the area really take pride in bicycling? Some kind of history I'm not aware of? To think that a resource will suddenly disappear with no replacement is to ignore the entirety of history. Fossil fuels will not simply run out, and we are already transitioning to alternatives. That transition will speed up as costs increase. The market works. What the market is NOT doing is pricing in the impact of CO2. Which is why the CO2 emissions are the bigger problem. This is a huge surprise to me. When I went back to college, I graduated in 2006 and IS/CS/CE rates were at all-time lows. I guess it's been awhile now, but the numbers probably rebounded so recently that the only glut of talent (if there is one) is in very recent grads. We do not have major unemployment in the Valley. It's very very very hard to find good people. Possibly. I think this is why they switched from the angled magsafe to the straight-on magsafe2. My Air took a flying leap off the kitchen table because the combination of angled magsafe and light weight meant it wouldn't disconnect. Fortunately, the thing was closed, landed on the lid, bounced off the hardwood floor, did a flip, and was no worse for the wear. If it had been onto concrete or tile, or the lid had been open, it probably would have turned out worse. My 2012 MBP retina has this infernal magsafe2 connector that disconnects every time I try to use it on my lap, but at least it'll disconnect if you trip on the cord. Or if you try to use one of the 5 magsafe1->magsafe2 adapters I've bought that consistently fail after a few months. It's still something you have, even if it's glued into your USB port. Another post covered the battery thing. $130 battery replacement on Air and $199 replacement on MBP, in Apple store, while you wait. Granted, who knows how long they'll provide that service.. for a 3 year old laptop? 5? 7? I've got a 2012 Retina MBP and 2011 Air and battery life is not something I even think about. These things last ages these days. I should have stopped reading there. Instead I just laughed to myself and continued on. Reading turned to skimming turned to skipping a paragraph or two later when it was filled with the absolute worst marketing/PR buzzword bingo straight out of .. not even Business 101, but some hack shilling a "how to make your business succeed" book. Please stop. They've been saying that for decades, always using the latest industry as an excuse (Boeing, Microsoft, Amazon). Incidentally, now that I (and many friends and my parents) have moved from WA to CA, I've noticed everyone in CA complains about all of the outsiders moving here and driving up prices. It's tired and trite. PS: When do I get my kudos for moving the eff out of WA? Define "reliable". California DOES have a reliable source of water. There's a reason the crops are grown here in the first place! The problem is, it's not a reliable source of water for the demands being placed on it. Which is something you'll find, oh, anywhere you start trying to move this agriculture project. It'll work great, and there will be enough for everyone, right up until there isn't. There's a lot more "catching up" to do in a highly rent-controlled market (assuming you're not subject to rent control). For the same reasons "market rate" is artificially high (as pointed out by the linked article), the "market rate" goes up by a very large percentage each year. If all units were market rate, the market rate would not be increasing by nearly as much. How do you think prop13 props up prices? It's an incentive for people to stay in a house, which reduces churn, but it's arguably a disincentive for a renter to buy, because of the outlandish tax rates they'd need to pay (which offset the low taxes of long-term owners). I don't understand your logic. You're almost priced out of Berkeley (if it weren't for your rent control), but you don't understand where the imperative comes from? Well, you will, once they find a way to evict you. Used car dealerships run scams, too. I've bought a lot of cars, though, and never from a dealer. Some folks act as if they're OBLIGATED to buy a new car every couple of years, and obligated to put up with these people. 1. What? Why the airport? Why drive that particular route? What is it about being in Amsterdam proper that makes the car worse than it was at the airport or on the motorway? What does this have to do with Apple? What's the comparison being made? 2. Ok? Why? 3. I am, in fact, 182cm, and was just in a Model S yesterday. I had tons of headroom. I've driven them with a helmet on and had no issue. Though I will note, on the ride home yesterday, I sat in the back seat. When I rested my head on the headrest (which I almost never do in a car), I noticed my head brushed the sloping roofline, which is a common problem in sloped roof designs like the CLS and Panamera and A7. In fact, because I have a long torso, I find that my head often scrapes the roof in the driver's seat of (taller) friend's cars, until I adjust the seat downwards. Of course they are. When I was buying a house, it was a nonstop game of scanning and shuffling financial data everywhere. Office scanner, office email, office computer, cloud storage provider, personal email... and because of cloud storage provider, all other linked machines in my house, .. not to mention the email accounts of the bankers... You can try to get away from it, if you like. But then you're just wasting your time, faxing the same amount of data over immensely slow connections to your bank, who's just going to digitize it anyway and put it god knows where.... And anyone who has done this knows it's ALL time sensitive, and you have other responsibilities in life, so the most convenient/fastest method is the only real way of getting it done. I have desk toys specifically to help me avoid this. If, like the author, I could return to my task on time, I'd do so. Unfortunately, I just get distracted. So instead of switching desktops while a ~60 second task runs, I find I'm more efficient if I simply sit there and let it run while I play with a little desk toy or something. Sure, it feels like wasted time, but I'm actually more efficient when I don't lose track of what I'm doing and then find it at 6pm when I'm about to leave for the day.. "oh, right, THAT'S what I was planning on doing today!" I'm only very slightly older than this article; my first computer was an XT, so I missed the early hobbyist days of the many competing platforms; I was well into the clone era. One thing really jumped out at me: "Of the ones I've seen, a green-tinted monitor by NEC (model JB 1201M) seemed the best bargain, at $210; but patriots should take note that NEC stands for Nippon Electric Company." We like to marvel at how fast technology moves. But cultural attitudes can change just as fast. Don't forget IRQ conflicts and the early days of Plug 'N Pray which somehow managed to make things even WORSE. It's worth clarifying, because every time this comes up, some California-basher says "hurr durr why are these morons trying to farm in the desert" while ignoring the fact that, pre-irrigation, natural runoff from the mountains made many areas in central California swamps/wetlands. It's incredibly fertile land with an absolutely massive water source (in "normal" years). It's the diversion of water that's caused the issues, which have been exacerbated by the drought. Yes and no. Direct TPMS sensors that use RFID transmit a serial number but probably not the VIN. Many cars use indirect TPMS which uses the ABS sensors to measure rotational difference between wheels, thus indicating a low-pressure situation. No RFID is used. That actually sounds like a fantastic way and reason to experience the world. It's far better than most systems people use to pick travel spots: speak the language, major capital city I've heard of, etc etc. I had no idea about the elevation changes on the AT: Appalachian Trail Distance: 2,175 miles Total Elevation Gain/Loss: ~515,000 feet Pacific Crest Trail Distance: 2,650 miles Total Elevation Gain/Loss: ~315,000 feet Continental Divide Trail Distance: 3,100 miles Total Elevation Gain/Loss: ~400,000 feet http://equipped.outdoors.org/2013/10/total-elevation-gainlos... You might find the Forester Pass in the Sierra Nevada (13,153ft) difficult to deal with in the snow. In fact, the many 10k+ft sections of the PCT in California are likely the reason not to start EARLIER than April. http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Forester_Pass I went on a backpacking trip where I took my phone but didn't look at it. Isn't this the same thing? It seemed prudent to have the possibility to find cell service and get an exact GPS location, even though I likely only had coverage in a couple of spots over the course of a week. Yep. Just on principle, I'd have a hard time living somewhere that was insufferable without A/C. It's a clear sign you're doing something wrong. Of course, you could make a similar argument about needing artificial heat, but that's at least far more efficient! Yes, but being unwilling to spend 1 day adjusting to a different look is a pretty silly reason to continue to run a bunch of spaceheaters in your house that, as a byproduct, happen to produce some light. Particularly if you ever use air conditioning. Yup. Being in tune with the vehicle is the most fantastic part of driving. The skill and coordination required, the tactile pleasure of the controls and the gearchange. The automatic kills much of the enjoyment of it. And yes, I've been driving for about 20 years, and yes, I've commuted in some of the worst traffic in America. Also, changing gears myself does not preclude me from listening to audiobooks, as some commenter mentioned. I'm already sitting there operating the controls on the car. Having one more lever and one more pedal does not exactly tax me mentally, or preclude my other senses, not constitute any real effort aside from perhaps an extra calorie or three burned. First of all, there was an article about Hanx Writer just the other day. Yes, there ARE people who miss typewriters. Secondly, the word processor does countless things the typewriter cannot do, and does so with an order of magnitude more speed. The automatic transmission does nothing a manual transmission cannot do (from the end user perspective), other than being ever so slightly less effort, and perhaps a few milliseconds faster in gearchange, which does not matter unless perhaps you are being paid for how fast you can get to the grocery store. Freed of the tyranny of having to use your left foot for a clutch, what is it that you accomplish while driving an automatic that you could not before? Well, for one, water prices are not really set by a free market. Residential water providers are monopolies regulated by the local governments. They're not allowed to jack up their rates as it would hurt the poor. In San Juan Capistrano, the plaintiffs recently won a suit against tiered pricing on the argument that the water cannot be sold at a cost greater than the cost of providing it. Agricultural interests with senior water rights have a legal right to a much greater amount of water at much lower cost. Those with riparian rights (upstream) have the right to take as much water as they can use. There are hundreds of reasons why it's not as simple as "turn this knob to raise price". I'd be interested in this, too. I love OS X as a desktop, but always find it fascinating when such a polished "prosumer" solution that generates so much profit turns out to be also the best bang-for-the-buck in a large deployment such as this -- despite the costs of designing your own rack solution! Also the DL980 G7 is an unholy piece of crap. HP doesn't know how to build or fix them. I've gone through countless service requests on just a dozen machines or thereabouts. It's the worst piece of any kind of hardware I've ever used, hands down. Especially when it refreshes to "too many database connections" mid-read. Great work, citypaper. What's the idealized world you're comparing this to? An agrarian economy? Guess what, you either farm and build a shelter, or you go hungry and homeless. Sure, maybe an agrarian economy is too market-based for you. Try living on a commune and being the guy who specializes in "doing fuckall". I'm not sure how long you'll be welcome. I'm not quite sure what point you're trying to make, but life isn't free or fair, and it never has been and never will be. That's not a reason to not even try to make things better, but the tone of the "regurgitated bullshit" comment implies that it's being used to fight against some other, better system. The list is amazingly odd. I get that a BMW 3 series is acceptable but an M3 is not -- perhaps they don't want customers being given rides by those who fancy themselves "performance drivers". But the Subaru Impreza WRX but not the Subaru WRX? They're the same car! Impreza not acceptable, but WRX is? That turns the "performance vehicle" thing on it's head. Many small luxury vehicles (Audi A3, etc) are not acceptable. Okay, fine. But the Prius is! But the Lexus Ct200h (which is a Prius with a fancier badge) is not acceptable. The BMW 3 series is acceptable, as is the 4 series coupe, but the 4 series Gran Coupe (a Sedan version of the 4 series coupe, which is a coupe version of the 3 series sedan.. yeah, don't ask) is NOT acceptable? 1.56MW to run the projectors; 1,560,000W "Presently, Hoover Dam can produce over 2,000 megawatts of capacity and a yearly average generation of 4.5 billion kilowatt hours" 2,000,000,000W capacity, but if the annual production is 4,500,000,000,000W then it's far short of the 17,520,000,000,000W max if it produced at peak for 365 days. So really, the Hoover Dam averages 513,698,630W (arbitrary precision). 1,560,000W / 513,698,630W = 0.3% of the Hoover Dam typical production to power the projectors. Well, that answers that question. http://www.powerauthority.org/hoover-dam/ And in California, which is often considered the strictest state ever invented by man, we have stringent emissions tests but no safety inspection at all! It really confuses all of the California-bashers when you tell them that. OTOH, Google is way too big to be able to trust all of their users. And this just happens to be excellent advertising for them. I'm not so sure as to say it'd blind-FRIENDLY, but probably more so than much of the world. I have a couple of blind friends who have been using computers since the BBS days. Things have only improved by leaps and bounds in the past 20+ years. And this is probably the worst one they've done. The Avalanche at Tunnel Creek was far, far better. Probably because some people are in favor of subsidizing certain businesses and others are in favor of subsidizing others, while some are not in favor of subsidizing any. I missed the part of the Parent's argument where he advocated for public roads. The French buy groceries and alcohol from Germany as well. I saw a great short film called Delta Dawn at the Banff Mountain Film Festival. Unfortunately, all I can find is a short clip. Even the filmmaker's website doesn't seem to have it (or the page won't load properly). The article author's comment about driving the Colorado reminded me of the filmmaker riding a paddleboard all the way to Mexico on the river. https://vimeo.com/112762616 Are you familiar with Moka Pots? According to Wikipedia, they are sold in 1,3,6,9,12 shot sizes -- but I think the 3 is the most common. I rarely see large Mokas. You're not really throwing much out. Well, you need to pay the massive student loan bills somehow, and you've been studying something you are interested in and enjoy. What's the alternative? Flipping burgers for the same pay? Or do you imagine there are tons of industry jobs out there for folks without experience.. who will probably be considered overeducated but underqualified? You can try . Though sneakernetting your malicious payload into the cockpit while in-flight is not recommended. “It’s almost a bigger risk to stay in school and let people like me drop out and start things before you have a chance,” he says. That says it all, for me. It's an incredibly shortsighted view that there are real opportunity costs to time spend in college, as if you'll only have one good idea in your lifetime. It's kind of a lottery ticket mindset. College is absolutely a luxury good, and you can get by without it. But it's a great experience for most people, and education is worthwhile for it's own non-vocational merits. I had a job in tech for a few years out of high school before I went to college. Either path is fine. I'm glad I went to college, even though it didn't directly prepare me for my career. "In the video game industry, AAA (pronounced "triple A") is a classification term used for games with the highest development budgets and levels of promotion.[1][2][3][4] A title considered to be AAA is therefore expected to be a high quality game and to be among the year's bestsellers." http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/AAA_(video_game_industry) Apologies for the late reply. I was a Linux support guy at 18, moved into sysadmin roles for a couple years, then quit my job to go to college. I was supported by my parents so I did not work my way through college the way you likely envision. I did, however, work part-time as a sysadmin all 4 years (20 hours a week), but it only funded some living expenses, not my education. Also not what you're looking for, but, while I was still young at 21, I thought I'd have a huge leg up on all of them 18 year old youngins. Turns out we all liked pretty much the same music and the cool kids were still cooler than me, and the guys good with the ladies were still better at it than me! I majored in information systems and am still doing the same work today, 10 years later, but I love it and wouldn't change a thing. I wasn't ready for college at 18, and I got a lot more out of it and was more sure of myself at 21 when I enrolled. I rarely think of college as improving my career, but of course my degree from a relatively prestigious 2nd-tier private school doesn't hurt my resume. I pursued a professional services track upon graduation and it took me about 1 week to say "fuck this", and 2 months to quit and go back to sysadmin/ops work. If I had no previous work background I wouldn't have known that my new role wasn't right for me -- at least, not so quickly. 5. NetworkManager Is it a moral imperative in your opinion? Is it based on what other countries do? (hint: no) IMO, it is non-obvious that they are obligated to do so. Or you could have read the article. I've been putting off learning it for years and years and years. Finally decided if I'm going to keep doing this as a career I'd better figure out how to use the new tools. Have a new Cent7 install on a laptop at home. I spent over an hour trying to get the wifi to simply connect to the network. Much of this was me trying to learn how to use the networkmanager syntax which is neigh-on-impossible to decipher. The help is useless, and apparently the syntax made a huge change from 0.9 to 1.0, and not knowing either means that 90% of the hits I found on Google were utterly and completely wrong and used deprecated flags. I finally broke down and tried to use nmtui to solve my nmcli woes, but it only made things worse. The installer was nice enough to create an ifcfg- , but when I try to ifup that interface, the system complains there is no DEVICE for it. So I added a DEVICE= line corresponding to my wireless adapter (which nmcli sees), but then the system complains that my wireless device (WHICH NMCLI SEES!) does not exist . I believe I have traced the problem to a bug report I found on RedHat's bug tracker -- I needed NetworkManager-Wireless installed in order for it to use my wireless adapter. Why lspci sees my adapter, the OS names it, the firmware is installed and up to date, and nmcli even sees the adapter as a wifi adapter, but then can't use it, is beyond me. nmcli wireless scans constantly failed (which is what led me to the bug report).. the bug report says it's fixed and provides better guidance that you need NetworkManager-Wireless installed as of but that's probably wrong, since I have the latest Cent7.1 (unless the bug report is REALLY recent). Regardless, after adding the EPEL repo and installing the wireless-utils package which provides the iwlist, I was able to scan for wireless networks. NetworkManager still was unable to scan, so I did a network restart hoping I could solve the issue without rebooting the whole box. Sadly, I lost my wired connection to the system at that point, so I'll have to wait until I get home to play with it some more. Oh, and by the way -- even though my wired i/f is set to "ONBOOT=true", it did not, in fact, come up on boot because the cable was disconnected. After I connected the cable it took me 5+ mins to realize I had to restart the network service to get the connection to function, which is not the way it works pre-NetworkManager. Suffice it to say, the software is massively, massively, massively, massively sub-par, and far less user-friendly than the good 'ol "editing text files" way. I suspect I am soon to have many more similar headaches as I delve into the world of systemd head first (another thing I've been avoiding). Fortunately, we get to do really exciting things now that NetworkManager has taken over. I can CD to things, and set properties and methods, and all kinds of shit that makes me feel like I'm using Fujitsu's deplorable ALOM: nmcli> goto ipv4 nmcli ipv4> describe Available properties: method, dns, dns-search, addresses, routes, ignore-auto-routes, ignore-auto-dns, dhcp-client-id, dhcp-send-hostname, dhcp-hostname, never-default, may-fail Property name? method nmcli ipv4> set method auto nmcli> back see how fun and intuitive it is? Again, all of your wild assumptions are covered in the article. If they're only getting one payout, and they're already barely scraping by, they're hardly about to stop working. It helps them get a leg up. As the article mentioned, some folks would prefer to receive the money in a few payments so that they're less likely to have family members come begging, but some prefer it all at once so they can allocate it to a big project. Spotify has done a far, far better of integration with devices like Home Theater receivers than Apple has. Airplay works on my receiver, but Spotify is awesome. Fire up a playlist on the laptop, close it, switch to my phone, it can now control the playlist I started on the phone which is now running on the receiver. The receiver itself plays the music directly rather than being streamed from the device I started playing on. Nifty. Sure, but considering we have something like 29x as many fatal shootings per capita in the US versus the UK, arguably, the police here show relative restraint -- not in the sense that the police shootings are a direct response to civilian shootings, but rather that police shootings are a comparatively small percentage over the overall shootings. I'm not trying to say any of this is good, but my point is that it's incorrect to believe that it's "relatively common for the police to shoot a fleeing suspect". What? He sure has an awful lot of his self-worth wrapped up in whether he gets a job offer from one specific company. It reminds me of being interested in a particular girl in high school. At a certain point, you learn that there are other jobs out there, and maybe the one with the biggest name isn't the best one. I certainly wouldn't be the least bit offended. Not when the market is flush with high-paying-jobs-a-plenty, particularly for someone with his background. What's insane about the requirements? They actually have to pay for what they promised? So now the employer is obligated to come to the employees? There's a reason employers tend to be in populated areas with a larger pool of potential employees. You can setup an office in Cheyenne, Wyomong, but if there are only 2 potential people to employ there, it's not particularly efficient. People have moved for work since.. forever. How does our current (theoretically) progressive tax system factor in cost-of-living? Are they moving towards bandwidth caps? Comcast in the SF Bay Area has claimed a "suspended" 250GB cap for years and years. I get the impression that we're moving away from bandwidth caps. NHL has a $150/yr subscription where you can watch any of your team's games... as long as they're playing out-of-market! It makes you wonder what the point of it all is. I'm a cord cutter since 2011... EXCEPT! Except I am currently a cable TV subscriber. I have to call Comcast every 6-12 months when my "deal" expires. I used to have 150mbit service, but in the dark days of the Comcast vs Netflix battles, I could only stream at 240x120. So I said "screw it" and switched to 25mbit service for far less money -- my Netflix streams got better, too! Then once that deal was up, they offered to double my speed to 50mbit and drop my price by $5/month.. if I was willing to become a cable TV subscriber again. Turns out the "limited basic" is really just lifeline these days, but they did throw in HBO for the first time in my life. I returned the cable box to them on day 1; all of my TV programming comes OTA from a Mohu Sky to my HDHomeRun and goes through my WMC7 DVR. I occasionally watch HBO Go on my AppleTV which is the only use I get out of my cable TV subscription. But according to Comcast's numbers, I am a cable TV subscriber -- or at least will be, for the next 6 months. I'm actually willing to pay a bit extra per month to NOT be listed as a subscriber, but unfortunately very few internet-only deals seem to exist in ComcastLand. Incidentally, they also bumped me to 100mbit from 50, and recently from 100 to 150. 150mbit for $60/mo is nothing to shake a stick at I suppose. I just wish they couldn't count me as one of their subscribers. They're gaming their subscriber numbers the same way the NYTimes is when they basically make you throw away the dead tree edition to get a cheaper digital subscription. It's also amazing how many (presumably unpaid) cheerleaders the entrenched, corrupt, consumer-harming incumbents have to flood the comments of every discussion about Uber. Maybe some Uber supporters take "don't let perfect be the enemy of good" to heart. Uber does a lot wrong, and there are a lot of reasons to dislike them, but there are also reasons to cheer their success -- if not some of their methods.