> Adobe has no intention of ever announcing an EOL for Flash That's irrelevant, Adobe is known for keeping dead products afloat. The Flash platform is gracefully becoming another Director or Cold Fusion which are still being sold. Poor Objective C, nobody likes you. http://www.tiobe.com/index.php/content/paperinfo/tpci/Object... I agree, but if you consider the success of Chrome OS it's clear that for a lot of users a simple OS is more than enough for their computing needs. It's actually just one guy behind Sublime. Probably the reason why it is sinking. It's actually just one guy behind Sublime. Probably the reason why it is sinking. What do you use CUDA for? Could you post the link of your blog? I'd love to read about that. Well, since you are a developer you don't have so many performance of hardware requirements. The pro user described in the article doesn't really apply to you. > who should Apple cater to more? That's the real question, and of course we will all be biased here. For someone like you it's fine that you can't (for example) get the latest GPU technology, but for someone that works on digital effects that is a very real issue. It is a fact that Apple used to cater to such audience before, and the whole point of the article is if Apple is leaving that audience behind or not. Thanks, there are plenty of great tips! I'm in the market for a powerful desktop and I considered getting a 2012 Mac Pro. It would be awesome if the 2016 Mac Pro was a tower design. Alas, we can only dream. That would be awesome, unfortunately it is not possible yet. http://www.highpoint-tech.com/USA_new/series_RS6361A_specifi... > Supported PCIe Cards: Any Thunderbolt Aware PCIe cards including Audio, Video Capture, Ethernet, Fibre Channel, and Storage/RAID controller cards No GPU support. Interesting! Maybe this will replace GSAP in my projects if it has better performance. Voluntary newspeak Visual programming is exploding in Unreal Engine with Blueprints to define in-game behaviours. https://docs.unrealengine.com/latest/INT/Engine/Blueprints/i... I for myself think visual programming is not really programming, since by following that train of thought any GUI like Photoshop Actions could be considered programming. Thanks for the link. First time I hear about ShiftIt. About moving to folders with the keyboard I use Alfred which is a spotlight replacement and it has history of commands. You could even have your own extension (called workflows) to customise this as you wish if you know a bit of coding. Check it out, it's extremely powerful: https://www.alfredapp.com/ > The inability to search within the current folder is also a joke! You can search in the current folder. It's a setting in Finder > Preferences > Advanced > "When performing a search". Yes Sublime is more responsive, but for me it's just a minor annoyance. The benefits of a community over a one man project who has a tendency to disappear are more than evident IMO. That must be why there is a new forum. :) Everything. The design and the code seem to be from 10-15 years ago. I agree. It's one of the things I always change on a new Mac or OSX install. You can change that behaviour in System Preferences > Mission Control > Displays have separated spaces. It doesn't make much sense that the options is there... Windows 10 is much more optimised than OSX. In my experience it runs faster and uses less memory in the same hardware. But yeah, it's ugly, and it lacks things like Spotlight or Quick Look which make your life a lot easier. Try to eat a steak with a hammer, and then argue that hammers are terrible. No shit Sherlock! Don't use inheritance to solve all your OO problems. Ever heard of Design Patterns? https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Design_Patterns My theory is that Apple does not want to be seen as trailing behind Microsoft Of course one can interpret things in any way... What if instead a Mercedes representative had said: > People with cheap 5 year old cars is sad Just before presenting its new car? Would you think the same? What is this group the author mentions? > Chrome has had such a problem with performance they formed a special group just to work the problem, but in nearly two years time that group has yet to produce anything tangible. People from all over the world volunteered to fight against fascism in the Spanish Civil War. It is estimated that about 35,000 people joined the international brigades. https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/International_Brigades This always makes me think how much the world has changed. Can you imagine travelling today to a foreign country ready to die for fighting oppression? I have never seen such kind of conviction in my life. So how fast is this compared to jQuery? Has anyone done a jsperf? I found this one, but it's from 2014 so I'm not sure it's the same Cash. http://jsperf.com/cash-vs-jquery-add So you pay $600 and you can't even turn that off? And I thought free to play was bad... > Miguel Arias Cañete, wife of a current Spanish minister and European Commissioner Nope. It's the man himself, not his wife. leakception Spot on. The problem is being able to influence things in a creative way. https://youtu.be/u6XAPnuFjJc I'd rather be the captain of my small pirate ship than a cog in giant battleship. But I'm in my mid 30s now, maybe that will change when I get to 40. That was what I was pointing out... Sounds plausible, but why not even release an upgrade to the outdated GPUs or the CPU? The current 15'' rMBP is faster in single core operations... It's really strange. A lot of effort was put into that Mac Pro and it's components. Maybe sales were not as high as Apple expected? I find it hard to believe. iOS is not ready for prime time and Apple refuses to create a Surface like device and merging iOS with OSX. We need a Netflix for content. You pay a (reasonable) monthly subscription and they pay each content provider depending on number of views. Prime time, as in being your main OS. > Basically like Prime video, just for text. Or Netflix... Interesting, although paying and deciding which article to pay for seems tedious. I think a subscription model with an "eat as much as you can" model would be much more attractive. So why is Linux everywhere? Is it only because it's free? Octodad anyone? Awesome work Evan! I've been using Vue for a new project and it's a joy to use. It makes a lot more sense to me than any of the alternatives. I recently spent a few weeks with it and decided to not use it for a cross platform mobile app I'm working on. 1) The documentation seems good at first, but some parts are outdated and I did find myself stuck with it a number of times. iOS and Android docs are lightyears ahead. 2) The code editor in Xamarin Studio for OSX is mediocre. I've tried using VSCode instead but intellisense didn't work. I imagine using Visual Studio must be a lot better. Both Xcode and Android Studio are much better in my experience. Maybe with the upcoming C# IDE from JetBrain this will change. 3) You need to learn iOS/Android development anyway. Xamarin Forms works well for prototypes and such but in the end you need platform specific UIs and libraries. So you need to do the leg work in the native docs (Swift/Java) and understand how these APIs/languages work and be able to "translate" those to C#. It's double the work compared to writing directly in native code. 4) The community around Xamarin is minuscule. If you get stuck there isn't much material out there to help you compared to native iOS or Android. Also in my short experience their forums were not very helpful. I imagine with an expensive corporate account with dedicated support that must be very different, but for a solo developer it feels like you are on your own. As much as I like C# as a language I really don't see the point of Xamarin in my case. I started learning Java/Android form scratch and I'm having better results in less time. I will have to work more to get both iOS and Android, but I won't feel miserable and the dev experience in OSX will be awesome with first class tools. I'd say Xamarin would be perfect for someone that already knows how to develop for iOS and Android but hates working with Swift and/or Java, loves C#, and has access to Visual Studio in Windows. I found that too a few weeks ago. I ditched Xamarin and moved to Java. Isn't Core M a tablet chip? Yeah why not? Let's reinvent the wheel every fucking time. I'm sure your clients and your family will love that. Are you sure? They seem to advertise offline persistence for both mobile and web. https://firebase.google.com/docs/database/#key_functions So how would one address server side logic? Like for example doing something with the data before sending it to the client? From what I've seen, all backend duties are implemented in a server acting as another client to Firebase. Usually a Node server since Firebase has provided a JS SDK from the start, but I've seen implementations in all major languages. You either implement some cron task in that server that periodically makes stuff with Firebase, or you use an endpoint in Firebase and use it a task queue for the server. I'd would be great if someone with more experience could provide more info on how these backend duties are performed. Edit: see this for more info https://groups.google.com/forum/#!topic/firebase-talk/r4d5H7... Um... what about this? https://firebase.google.com/docs/database/web/offline-capabi... Thanks for the clarification. I was hoping to use Firebase on a React Native app but I do need persistence. Do you have or plan to make some wrapper of the native iOS/Android SDKs for React Native? The idea is great for many reasons (value, environment, etc) but god, that phone is ugly. Couldn't agree more. We are building a product that runs on iOS, Android, Web, Desktop (using Electron) and Chrome OS, with Firebase, React, and React Native. A lot of code is shared among all platforms. Nailed it. Any app or service that isn't cross platform has no real future. It's not about quantity, but quality. People are complaining because these new features are (mostly) unsubstantial gimmicks. Yep. Macbook + Android here. I know this is purely anecdotal, but nobody around me with an iOS device uses Messages. Everyone is using Whatsapp, or Telegram. Anyone (probably) with a few tools and some wood can build a dog house. But you need real pros to build a skyscraper. So this is how magic happens Cycle doesn't look so good from those benchmarks tbh Why is React performance slowing? How long until quantum computing will be available in consumer equipment? I meant laptops, mobile devices, etc. Sure, these things are huge today, but we have now in our pockets more power than was available in a Cray super computer from the 80s. Could you expand on that? Is it a matter of efficiency like running graphics calculations on a CPU? They? Atom is a collaborative effort, you can fix that yourself. Yes it is, but automatic indentation is awful. I switched back to Atom just because of that. I'm also seriously considering moving away from macOS after a decade. The hardware situation is ridiculous and macOS isn't as stable and streamlined as it used to be. > why isn't Allo just Hangouts 3? From what I've read Allo will become the casual messaging app, and Hangouts for work. Google probably wants to compete with Slack and similar offers. I wouldn't be surprised if at some point Google allows Allo and Hangouts to communicate. I usually only upgrade to a major OSX version when the next version comes out. I broke that rule with El Capitan because Yosemite was so fucking broken. In that case it would probably make more sense to just use NativeScript instead of React Native. https://www.nativescript.org/ Same here. Super happy with an Nvidia Shield TV. Why is that? > the App Store has on average better quality apps compared to Google Play As a user I find good and bad apps on both platforms. From my personal experience I don't see any benefit in Apple's policies. Quite the contrary. For example you get automatic refunds in the Play Store, no questions asked. Also, the quality of Android apps has been going up since Lollipop and the introduction of material design. I was an iOS fanboy not so long ago, but now I'm really happy with Android. As a developer, working for Android is a joy compared to iOS. > You don't have to pay money to use Xcode or the iOS SDK You are not going very far away by deploying apps on the simulator. You can't even test on a real device without paying the fee. > You can live a happy life not doing iOS development As a mobile developer? Not really, at least not where I live. Users are both on iOS and Android. I'm not so stubborn as to ignore that truth. It took Serif 2 years to deliver a decent color picker tool. How long will it take to have a group isolation mode? > Safari on mobile is pretty up to date as mobile technologies come. Quite the contrary. The number of bugs (which in many cases are many years old) and non standard behaviours on Safari for iOS is astounding. For example not being able to set the height on an tag. > Apple already spends tons of money to make an OS and a dev SDK for it. Developers have to spend tons of money in building and maintaining cross platform apps written in any way: native, hybrid, or with a VM like NativeScript does. In the real world budgets are limited and going native isn't always an option. Apple acts as if native was the only viable option, and as if we only had to develop apps for iOS. Web views are way behind Safari. The simple truth is that 99% of the time when browsing is spent on that "rectangular area". Maybe the term "skin" is not adequate, but IMO the features added by Chrome and Firefox on iOS are not that significant for the browsing experience compared to the "rectangular area". Thanks to Apple, WKWebView based browsers are always going to be second class citizens. Personally I never understood why you decided to move to iOS. I think you should have stick to your guns. The problem is not hardware speed, as you point out, but software. It would be lovely to see a real Chrome benchmark on iOS, but alas, Apple doesn't want that to happen. Amen. Doh, that is precisely the whole problem being discussed here. WKWebView is a mess just like UIWebView. You are missing the point. Of course Flash was/is terrible, and not only for mobile phones. But what keyle is pointing out is the irony of Apple arguing against Flash for being a proprietary and non standard technology, praising HTML5, and now relegating HTML5 as a second class technology in iOS. You can run C++ code in iOS, except if that code is functioning as a browser rendering DOM and running JS WKWebView is a mess. There are bugs that have been there since it was released years ago and are still unassigned. https://bugs.webkit.org/buglist.cgi?quicksearch=wkwebview&li... Depends on the implementation. Sadly, thanks to Apple, in many cases we are still forced to use UIWebView since WkWebView is so broken for Cordova apps. We are super happy with Firebase. Even if you just use the static hosting you get CDN + HTTPS for free. And you can even use the free tier as long as you want which is awesome for low traffic. If Apple is open to admit the dev back to the program means he didn't really commit fraud. And if he didn't commit fraud, why is Apple enforcing him to write a PR blog post in favor of Apple as a condition to get back into the program? Apple wants him to write fake review. Oh the irony. Not at all. If Apple is ready to bring him back it's because he didn't commit fraud. And if he didn't commit fraud he shouldn't need to write a blog post as a condition to get back. Quite contrary, Apple owes him an apology. I agree. But then why force him to write a PR blog post in favor of Apple? That's what's really wrong here. The US law doesn't apply here... he is in Bulgaria I think? Edit: Romania. Really good point. Apple wants him to make a fake review. Probably not. Dash is mostly a desktop app and he can keep on selling it outside the MAS. But if Apple is ready to admit him back into the dev program, then the anti fraud team didn't do the right thing. The project needs a new logo, and a new name. I don't like the sound of it, and it seems a name for a lifestyle / sports app. I don't like the sound of it, and it seems a name for a lifestyle / sports app. Or NativeScript Mobile development in general is a pita. We really need a native cross platform solution that doesn't involve either running a JavaScript VM (ReactNative, NativeScript), writing UI code for each OS (Xamarin), and doesn't rely on a WebView. Xamarin Forms could fit the bill, but last time I checked it wasn't there yet. What other option are there? Also the terrible docs