Unfortunately, this behavior is common across all major browsers. There is a Chromium bug for it ( http://crbug.com/315190 ), but no responses as of yet. Good find with the meteor.com link! It covers several memory leaks; the last example is the one that is relevant. Unfortunately, you are right. I am optimistic, however. IE used to not GC cyclical JS/DOM references. Google Chrome is doing a massive rework of DOM garbage collection with Oilpan. You are right that it is not a trivial change, but there is nothing technically infeasible about GC'ing per closure. I think it is worth it, just as it was worth it for IE to have smarter GC. Good quote. That is certainly a simple way to manage things. It isn't the only way (nor the best IMHO), but it is the simplest. Yes, evan_ is correct. Yes it is https://news.ycombinator.com/item?id=8379973 If by doomed, you mean relegated to only 79% market share (that being the cost conscious portion of the market), then yes it is doomed. "Of everyone, Google should know how hard it is to maintain large web apps" They do. Google doesn't use Angular for Gmail, Docs, Sheets, Calendar, Maps, or Google+. They use Closure Tools ( https://developers.google.com/closure/ ), which has a much longer history, and is geared towards truly large web apps. As far as I know, only DoubleClick uses Angular. Which ones? Having used Closure Tools for a couple years, I often wonder that. But it lacks a lot of magic. It's based around reusability, maintainability, and performance, and not just features. Like you said, features get blogged, maintainability gets (silently) used. It's true they are not mutually exclusive. Closure is several related tools that can be used independently: a JS compiler (minifier + type-checker), templates, and very large JS library. Some people use Angular in place of templates. http://www.mircozeiss.com/a-radical-new-approach-to-developi... http://google-styleguide.googlecode.com/svn/trunk/angularjs-... It could be written in NodeJS, Haskell, or BF, but I doubt it would matter. I know a lot of JS developers that use Git, which is written in C. Closure and Clojure...unfortunate naming conflict :P There's no reason for an employer to offer special paid maternity leave for not working. It doesn't make sense, and it's not fair to others who do work during that time. On the other hand, not offering sick leave for recovery from childbirth is just plain stupid. Recovery from surgery, recovery from C-section, recovery from vaginal delivery...that sounds like sick leave to me. "Hypermedia means HTML, period." Um, no. XHTML and SVG are hypermedia. JSON isn't hypermedia, but you can define hypermedia formats that use JSON (just as SVG uses XML). "better step in the right direction than the types of tools MS and Google have been putting out" The Google Closure Compiler ( https://developers.google.com/closure/compiler/ ) has been around for years and years. It does everything you mentioned (100% optional type annotations, type inference), plus more (dead code removal, inlining, compiler-time constants). Similar to the Google Closure Compiler ( https://developers.google.com/closure/compiler/ ), which has been around for years, just with fewer features. It has static type checking with optional type annotations and type inference. It doesn't have compiler-time constants, dead code removal, inlining, or other optimizations. But....still really cool. Generally people that don't like explaining what they mean to a computer. I'm confused. Is there something else in another language with better solutions for IDE, dependency management, dependency injection, etc.? Honestly, you just listed some of the best reasons to use Java. Great suggestions. Do you have a web framework suggestion, e.g. something with templating? I like Play, but that's 'cause I use Scala. It has a Java version, but IDK how good it is. Yes, AAARGH indeed. It can, with macros. Though Scala's stri g interpolation will get you mostly there (correct number of arguments, local format specifiers that are harder to mess up). Though I'm not sure it needs to be completely automated. You don't see robots writing news articles, but a researcher and Google are more productive than several researchers. With a lot of (cool!) features like type inference, it's not hard to see why compiling swift is slow. To me, incremental compilation is a bare minimum for a "real" language; it's nice to know 1.2 will have that. That's tricky stuff. What was the intention behind not doing a water landing, like with the Space Shuttle boosters/tank? Before you indignantly grep the web for jQuery, the post did say dead is hyperbolic . (Yeah, link bait...) For web apps, jQuery is "dead" in the same sense that string-concatenated HTTP responses are dead. They certainly exist and are used, but there is a level of abstraction (templates) that supercede -- or should supercede -- that functionality for most developers most of the time. If I'm writing a "hello world" web server, I probably won't be using templates. But if I'm writing a web server serving HTML that I want to be maintainable at any non-trivial complexity, I'll be using a framework/library. Sure, you can use jQuery, and yes Angular uses it (or jqlite) for cross-browser DOM interaction, but that will not be the predominant or most visible tool in any moderately complex web app. Front end development is coming around to the advantages of MVC, and the current generation of tools reflect that. jQuery is not dead; it is simply no longer the highest level of abstraction for creating web apps. You could compare this to a 100 year old car. But that's not accurate. There are 100 year old automobiles in use, and likewise I expect some 40 year old software to still be in use in 60 years. Launch a space probe and its software will run as long as there is power. But that's not interesting. Here we are taking not about software not as an instance, a physical entity of computation. We are taking about software is an idea, a design for computation. What DARPA is looking for is the equivalent of a car design that is still in use after 100 years. One that can be maintained and occasionally modified in backwards compatible ways. But that's a little stupid, both for automotive designs and for software (computational designs). Creating a 100 year car design is probably at best fruitless and at worst counterproductive. Trying to create a 100 year software project shares the same pitfalls. The most annoying thing I found with Selenium was that it wouldn't wait for the browser to respond to click events and rerender. The approach in the blog post (and I think elsewhere ... not sure) is to poll the DOM with a timeout. Is there a better solution to be add with something like `executeScript`? You could run `requestAnimationFrame`, and then poll for an indicator that the click, etc. handler has indeed finished. That way if it fails, you know about it pretty soon, without the need for long timeouts. This is all just a guess though. Sure, just like impersonations of your boss are ill-advised. But funny to a certain at of people (your boss probably not being a member of that set). I suspect you haven't said anything he doesn't know. NIL is fine ... as long as you have some container for the opposite. There should be a way to express Maybe >, aka an optional optional value. The Store article in the article is an example of when this would be needed: a cache optionally has an optional phone number for a person. If Lisp has the equivalent of Maybe > (perhaps a singleton list of a singleton list?), then the optionality is composable. Otherwise, the optionality is not really composable, and you will have problems. (1) It's true that a sentinel value like NULL can cut cycles. That's low-level code though, and not high-level code. I'd suggest that most code is (should be high level). (2) It is true that you may have uninitialized values. There are several ways to address it. Java will not allow you to use uninitialized local variables. C/C++ leaves the values of some uninitialized variables undefined. There are several possible approaches. Treating null as a normal thing is not a good approach, though. Author here. I didn't know that about Haskell. Admittedly, the "rating" is pretty rough, maybe even a bad idea. I've seen std::ptr::null more than I ever have Foreign.Ptr.nullPtr. But really, both are usually used for compatibility with external libraries/programs/runtimes, not for idiomatic language programming. Both great languages in my book :) Yeah. That's what I was going for ;) You make a good point. I removed the mention of std::ptr::null, since it really isn't really a NULL like other languages. Like you said, it's for FFI. The title originally matched the blog post ("The worst mistake of computer science"), but then it was changed by a moderator. Maybe it could have been a less drastic change? "NULL, the worst mistake of computer science" or "The worst mistake of computer science: NULL" So you like Python. To quote the article: > This is a bit different than the other examples, as there are no pointers or references. But the idea of a value that is not a value is still present, in the form of a char that is not a char. It has nothing to do with the similarity in name (NULL / NUL). As you said, it could be terminated with $. The similarity is that they are both sentinel values. NULL is a sentinel for types; NUL is a sentinel for char arrays. In both cases, they create exceptional and non-composable situations. Good explanation here: https://www.reddit.com/r/programming/comments/3j4pyd/the_wor... This is not contrived. (1) A cache returns something or NULL. It's generic; i.e. implementation doesn't care what it is storing: integers, strings, etc. (2) A particular value of interest may be NULL or non-NULL. But now I can no longer use my generic cache and my values of interest together. A very real example of this is Java's Map interface. It's completely up to implementation on how they handle null, making interpreting null results difficult. While often you use NULL and everything works, you're still limited to a certain set of circumstances. You can't pick up thing A and thing B and just use them together. Hence non-composable. > it is extremely rare for experienced programmers working in dynamic languages to have bugs related to type That's a good one. I really needed that ;) I thought of including SQL NULL. Unfortunately, I felt I would do such a poor job of enumerating the problems or describing them in a somewhat comprehensive way, I didn't even try. FYI, I fixed it. std::ptr::null isn't really comparable, so I removed it. You can't really use it in Rust like you could in other languages. Exactly. You can still get errors due to things not being there. But your assumptions are explicitly stated. You see None => raise Error, and a little alarm goes off in your head, and you look around for a reassurance that we really want to do that. In contrast, you don't give x.toUpperCase() a second glance. I have used the Closure Compiler for years (and contributed too!). It is really a fantastic tool (along with the Closure Library and other members of the Closure family) for anyone that values maintainable, solid JS. I can understand why it's not more popular; it feels a lot like Java -- industrial strength, non-flashy, and perhaps a little boring. It's also a little hard to setup for a real project (tutorials could be better). It has been around since the creation of Gmail, and will be around to stay for years to come. (Though it has improved substantially over the years.) "Man shoots video; police shoot back bullets" Yes, people do that all the time (e.g. of the top of my head, the Google Drive API). GraphQL is the natural extension of that, but more flexible and composable. I can get a user's name and email, and his friends names, with the cost of only one request and latency. You could change your REST API to do the same, but eventually you are reproducing the GraphQL equivalent. That's correct, you destroy HTTP-level caching. (For one, your queries can be large so are POSTed anyway.) Relay is a caching layer that understands GraphQL semantics, but you no longer have transparent HTTP proxies, browser caching, etc. Though HTTP proxies are dead thanks to HTTPS, and with modern browser APIs, you can do your own limited caching. It's certainly a tradeoff for what you expect to give you best performance gains: fewer roundtrips, or more caching by third parties. But proportionally more, or disproportionately more? Too new for the dictionary, but typically "transpiling" is compiling where the source and target are at similar abstraction levels. So you've proved it's not 100%. But is it 99%, 90%, 50%, 10%, 1%? If it's 99.9%, accurate, it still has a use. This is dangerous. Just as dangerous as, say, the government taking over a bunch of uncollectable housing loans. Or the United States federal government renouncing all its public debt. If there has been illegal acts, they should be rectified. But saying "I really don't want to follow through on what I agreed to" just because minds changed is not justifiable, and sets a an ill-advised precedent. Collect on my credit cards. I dare you. The future of UI is text....specifically Hypertext Markup Language. But those are different. Those favor females. That's different. Yours is a bias that necessarily influences other people. But you are right; other innate biases are possible. Men could be better at logical/mathematical reasoning, which is necessary for technical skills. A difference in interest though is the most popular proposal. Conclusion: The gender disparity in computer science could be the result of innate differences between the sexes. Surprisingly, there are very few studies on the actual effectiveness of bicycle helmets. Lots of times, articles will just say "X% of people that are injured aren't wearing a helmet". Which of course is next to worthless. My experience too. But that goes down to like 50k after compression. Some logos are bigger than that. Not trivial, but for a lot of use cases, that's good enough. Especially if you cache appropriately. > why not use code generation You literally just described macros. With ads It gives you something. Compare Facebook Flow or Google Closure Compiler. It gives you the flexibility of not having to prove types to the compiler sometimes, but the safety of proving it other times. And yet you can write both programs in a familiar language. You could do early binding. Closure, for example, transforms non-polymorphic functions into static functions. But you are correct that performance is not the primary objective; it is verification. I personally prefer static typing all the way. But it's possible to make a decent argument for optional static typing. If they were true, they would disable cookies, as they allow servers to track you. But they do not. They just make sure the cookies are not stored on the computer. Thus the point is to avoid leaving traces on the computer, not the server. > Case in point: if a very popular Github repository (such as the one for the Linux kernel) decided to start using LFS for some of their files, they would instantly alienate all of their users. They would no longer be able to properly fork the project, or even clone it to get its binary files stored via LFS. Nobody would be able to send a pull request to Linus as a result without considerable effort. Odd example. Linux doesn't use GitHub pull requests. This. Unlike many other systems, compression in git has nothing to do with commit order or file types or really anything VCS related. The way delta chains work in git are ingenious and transparent. The problem is that "binaries" are large amounts of data with high entropy. Sure. With git-fu and enough emails, you can replicate anything done in GitHub. I'm just saying it's a very odd choice for an example of GitHub screwing over workflows. There are literally thousands of uber-popular projects that are deeply integrated with GitHub. I recommend choosing one of those for an example. Line NodeJS or something. I'd hate to see the blog post you call vicious. Does it need f-bombs? Death threats? I think what you mean is that it is not unjustifiably vicious. Try reading it this time. I don't think anyone assumes that of all 45 year olds. But the proportion of 45 year olds with dependent families versus the proportion of 22 year old with dependent families is hugely imbalanced. We might find some hugely imbalanced results from that. Money What if something if really good at being a website? Yep. AWS is a great example. Many products that can be used very well together (S3 and Cloudfront, for example), but the chosen abstractions are such that they can be used independently as well. Absolutely. My company uses it (among other things) for handling production issues. We'd rather not manage that ourselves. It's just one more thing we can screw up. This is different than the FOSS subject of the article, but it true that convenience is compelling. And that's what I meant by "among other things". Originally, we were using Campfire. As needs grew beyond just putting out fires, we looked at Hipchat, Flowdock, and Slack. We probably would have gone with Hipchat (because of the price), if they had SSO, or better JIRA integration. Slack had both. Exactly. I wasn't aware of the decree that excluded Asians from white racism in school/work. Given the number of Asians in tech, it appears white racism is lacking. Well, then I should have said Indians. I'm not disagreeing, but I am curious what you are hoping to gain. Geez. That sucks. I guess they really wanted those minutes of fame. Yep. Just like if you found out that probability didn't work, go to Vagas and exploit it. "What are genes for?" Totally. Anyone who adopts is an idiot. They don't use React There are worse things than poverty. Like that comment. That's not what confounding means, from a stats perspective. https://en.m.wikipedia.org/wiki/Confounding Excluding smokers can cause a confounding variable, not the other way around. A better choice of word would be "obscure", as including them will make it harder to reach significance (though the end result should be the same, if the variable was not confounding). It's just like saying "the dollar weakens". People owning dollars are sad. People not owning dollars are happy. What would be a adaquete replacement? Lessens? But what about old, current, and new? Or int? Or class? There is more then one project out there with klass. What study is that? In any case, success is (mostly) not rolling a dice. Good planning, strategy, skill, and past experience make a huge difference. I doubt 10% chance of success is the best you can do. This isn't unique to software. You'll find similar criticism of education institutions that offer quasi-substitutes for four years of education in a few weeks, with almost universally lower standards. E.g. Phoenix. In the US there are stringent and often legally enforced requirements for doctors, lawyers, and engineers, that programmers do not have. That's not necessarily a bad thing, but it does mean that there will be informal restraints to counteract the lack of formal ones. Hence, "elitism". The problem with code academies is that they offer an experience at almost the cost of a formal education, but with a fraction of the benefit (necessarily so, due to their duration). Next time you receive services from a professional (tax accountant, architect, dentist, auto mechanic, attorney, electrician), consider whether you would be comfortable if the duration of their training was one tenth of the industry norm. But surely it would not be so weird to "stratify" electricians and signalers (people who turn signs). Both do "construction", but the difference in skill and market supply/demand. Or in JS. Or in C#. That covers a lot of the big ones. Perhaps you should name your language, so I can provide better examples. That would take longer > Ways to name variables so they look like keywords? I don't need your help with that. Oh good. My comment was in response to someone who doubt keywords would ever make good variable names (e.g. class). > you can always use a grammar that distinguishes between keyword rules and variable rules, and you'll never have any unambiguity. Yes, that is nice. And that's what W does. As an ancestor comment said, kudos for a "clean syntax"! (NOTE: there are alternatives, e.g. Scala's backticks. But W's choice is a good one.) Earlier discussion: https://news.ycombinator.com/item?id=4442826 Your decry of prejudice would be more believable if it weren't only unsorted generalizations (i.e. prejudices) “The failure of Verizon to comply with its obligations… to provide fiber optic service throughout the State of New Jersey,” What causes this obligation? Have you ever written a container (with an iterator)? II just like pushing people around in general. That'd make a great pull request. "I was reading this code, and then I found this line that I didn't understand why it was written, so it should be removed." And carry groceries for you and the rest of your family home via shoes/bike/public transit. I don't know if this is it, but C (and C++) desperately needs a good package manager if it is to be used and continue to be used for more then a relative few "core" projects. Java became very successful in OSS due to Maven (or perhaps the other way around...in any case, it is essential to the large, high quality OSS community today). Similarly with Node.js and npm. That's not my experience. I usually find then to be cheaper, in paperback, and sometimes with different exercise problems. In context, that expression refers to claims that contradict existing evidence. For example, if someone finds a way to create mass/energy, that would be extraordinary. All existing evidence suggests mass/energy is conserved. Even if no one has tried XYZ before, the evidence of XYZ creating energy has to be weighed against the evidence of thousands of (other) processes not doing that. It's possible someone made a mistake, or the results are being interpreted incorrectly. While there is an ideal, the reality is that "evidence" is of varying types and qualities, and that perfect evidence is not always feasible. In the US, criminal convictions ("extraordinary" claims) require proof beyond reasonable doubt. But civil convictions ("ordinary" claims) require only a preponderance of the evidence.