I'd be interested to see if anyone has any more information on this. I did a couple of google searches but didn't get anything other than the article itself and some unrelated guff (though this may be due to my inability to construct a suitable search string). True, but it's easy to forget that many people don't use compiler\architecture-specific extensions or pragmas (and probably don't even need to). I think the article provides a gentle nudge into the "think about what exactly you are telling the compiler" mindset for such people. Heh, I do like the "You can easily beat...." followed imediately by "It just takes time, effort..." - but you're absolutely right. I'm not sure that was his point though, coaxing the compiler into issuing better code by providing few hints doesn't necessarily require too much time or effort. Here in the UK they're often used as public lavatories, whether the phone is working or not Should I be concerned that I've never encountered these Hoare Triples before in my life? Even if Apple almost "acquired" you (I don't really get that impression), I'd say that penning a blog entry complaining about it is not the most productive thing to do (and might even cause investors in the future to think twice about getting involved with you). Or "then", as in "My spelling is worse then a child's" I'm 100% with Tim here, I've never felt the need to memorise the order of precendence for operators - as long as I've got my parens I'm happy. Luckily I seem to work with others who feel the same way. If we did have someone insistent on pushing the boundaries of readability I'd spend about a minute looking up the precedence rules then another few weeks framing the perpetrator for some real-life infraction as a form of punishment (depending on the particulars this could range from petty theft all the way through to light to medium treason) I dislike the tone of both this and "Where Does A Tree Get It's Mass" ( http://news.ycombinator.com/item?id=1480118 ). They both have a rather smug, superior air about them that I find really irritating. OK we get it, kids often struggle a bit in science classes and occasionally fumble for answers. This is nothing new as I imagine we have all done it at various points, and chiding students in blog entries doesn't help anyone. See I read the article as saying that the students are at fault for being all to ready to throw answers at the teacher which they didn't understand. Whereas I'd say that the students are simply a product of their environment, one (created by the teacher or a previous teacher, or a physics dept as a whole) where emphasis has shifted from understanding a subject into hitting enough keywords in your answer to get a passing grade - even if it turns out that the actual question might be a bit silly. For some reason most of the guys I want to uni with (Heriot-Watt) had "alias l=ls" in their .config. I've not seen this with guys I know who were at other unis or with anyone I currently work with. I know it clearly wasn't pioneered at HW (very little outside the area of brewing and distilling is), but I wonder why it had such a high penetration there. Perhaps we were all equally lazy, or a teaching assistant suggested it 1st year and it stuck? Thought I'd take the test for funsies (I am Scottish), but there's a couple of questions where there's no difference in the choices when I say them: How do you say the first A in PASTA? "Same A as in MAT or CAT" "Same A as in FATHER" How do you say the "oo" in ROOF? "Like the "oo" in FOOT" "Like the "oo" in FOOD" I ended up with "Northeast New England" accent Ha, I really like this guy. I started reading another one of his blog entries (a description of how compilers often optimise a divide by a constant where, instead of issuing an expensive divide, it multiplies by a "magic" number and then right shifts the result). After hitting lots of complex (for me anyway) mathematical proofs, my brain tuned out slightly until I saw "Did you skip ahead? It's OK. Here's the summary" I like to think he deliberately did that for hungover-yet-still-interested devs like myself. Is that 0.25 cents (as written) or 25 cents ? Before you can sit down and use VC++ you need to have already shelled out money for a windows license. Was C really obscure before Linus Torvalds released\popularised linux? I'm fairly young so I have no knowledge of this, but it feels wrong. edit: just noticed a discussion about this exists already. That'll teach me to read all the comments in future :) I'm with you, I just started for a finance-y company and was rather shocked to see various non-developer\IT people tabbing over to MS SQL Management Studio every few minutes, running queries and updating tables! Private Eye also refer to outsourcing firm Capita as "Crapita", which is less funny but still makes me chuckle each time I see it You can give up banking? > By not exercising your mind regularly with trivial problems (such as indices in `for` loops), you tend to be less awake, if not a bit dumber. There's plenty of things to discuss in high vs low level languages, but...laziness due to abstracting loop indexes out of the equation? Really? Rob Beschizza points out that "speeding up Sigur Ros," however "does not result in Biebage": http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=N6YC0zy1IYY&feature=playe... I sat throught he pain of configuring\testing boost on a set (non GNU\GCC) dev tools for embedded platform and the build times were painfully slow - around 15 minutes was common even for reasonable sized tests. A fresh build of the boost libraries themselves - hours. This was cross-compiled. We had just implemented the full (as opposed to abridged) C++ libraries so obviously we decided to make sure that our customers could use them fully, however given that this was new support there was a distinct lack of test cases. Someone suggested that Boost exercised this functionality pretty well (some customers previously complained that they had been prevented from using boost before due to our only supporting the abridged libraries so this was actually a good idea), someone decided that I should be in charge of this. What it amounted to was debugging horrible compiler crashes, broken library behaviour and spending a long time deciphering huge template names. This caused me to hate C++ more than you can ever imagine. I swear whoever decided to stitch templates together in the way Boost does has never had to debug a development compiler, this broke almost every part of the toolchain. Ugh. I'm strangely disappointed - I have no idea who the guy is (hoped it was an F1 legend or something), and he was apparently our noses the whole time (appearing in a number of episodes)! Weird that he would out himself though, Das Telefonbuch have a system where you can look up someone's name in a town, and list their address and provide links to view satellite images of the street: http://www.dastelefonbuch.de/ If Germans were really more conscious of privacy then I suspect they'd be worried about this, but as previous posters have said it's more down to misinformation and exaggeration. I'm with you, I mean there's obviously an explanation but why not make it absolutely crystal clear in the video? This article has nothing to do with Dr Kamerschen, here's an extract from his page at http://davidk.myweb.uga.edu/ "Contrary to Internet folklore, Dr. Kamerschen is NOT the author of "Tax Cuts: A Simple Lesson in Economics" or “Bar Stool Economics” or anything similar to that. Additionally, he does NOT know who wrote it and he has no opinion on its merits." I usually write out a bunch of names without thinking to hard about them and then try to read them. In this instance, given that you've already had showButton and shouldShowButton i'd probably look at: result = buttonShown() result = buttonVisible() result = buttonIsVisible() result = visibleButton() result = !buttonHidden() To a lot of programmers this would seem like a waste of time, but I'm with the article's author (and, I'd hope, other HN readers) in that it's time well spent. I can vouch for this, the graduate programmers in the US in a company I worked for were taking in around double what we were in Scotland. That said, our wages were a damn sight higher than our counterparts in China and India but at least everyone else got to live somewhere interesting :) Interesting to see Chile so far down the list (well, 49th) given how keen they have been to attract startups recently. Really? What about if a company was recruiting for a C# role but would also accept candidates proficient in C or C++? This article in The Atlantic is actually written by Alston Chase himself - the gentleman Jad and Robert talk to in the Radiolab piece. It's in the context of football that I really struggle to contain myself, and I'm not a grammar nazi any other time. "Manchester United is going to win", or "Scotland has no chance", Argh!! I've no real reason to hate this, but it just feels wrong! And "Manchester United Football Club is going to win the Premiership" sounds to me as incorrect as "Manchester United is going to win the Premiership" No matter what justification you use, " is..." will sound wrong to english speakers in the UK, Aus, NZ and a couple of other places (bar the person higher up in this thread who says they never notice it :)) Quake3's Fast InvSqrt function: http://www.beyond3d.com/content/articles/8/ It's been discussed here before, and no doubt it'll be cited numerous times in the comments of that reddit post, but it was the first time I'd ever seen such trickery. When I got into low level DSP programming I saw many more examples of clever hacks, but this is the one which sticks in my mind above all of those. The Daily Mail is famous for stories like these. See the website "Kill or Cure" ( http://kill-or-cure.heroku.com ) Weird, mine is at 3.1. Got me thinking that it'd be interesting to know what the mean or median karma rating is, and if by some weird coincidence we are close to it. This information is of no value whatsoever, mind, but I'm curious nonetheless! Let's not forget that it could be redeployed in the event that a water fight breaks out Interesting, I took the OP's question to mean spoken language rather than programming language. Looks like it could be either. I'd go for Swedish, as Sweden is a really cool place I'd dearly love to spend more time in (if I could afford it :)) Admittedly my answer didn't include anything to justify the "extremely in demand" part - my brain went into dreamland briefly. A lot of people talk about how Chinese would be a key language to know for conducting business in the mid-to-long term, which is what I thought he was driving at. Though I imagine you need longer than 4-5 years to be useful at Chinese, as per this previous HN story - http://news.ycombinator.com/item?id=1368051 There is a school of thought that once Nazis are invoked, the argument is automatically forfeit by whomever issued the remark. This is a really interesting insight into an aspect of a game I'd normally never give much though to. Very good article indeed. However I noticed something in this that I HATE seeing in real life, variables (ok "properties", here) prepended with a character or characters indicating type (seems only booleans here, bBlah and such). I honestly can't say why it bothers me, but it makes code really tough to read. It really shouldn't, I mean it technically should be useful as it gives a bit more info to the person reading the code, but I find it infuriating. I wonder if anyone else has this possibly irrational hatred. While the link is down I'm going to rant about the british rail system :) Can anyone suggest any reason why it costs me upwards of £25 if I want to take the train from Edinburgh to visit my parents in Montrose (distance is 59 miles), while I can fly to Stockholm, Berlin, Paris (ie completely different countries, thousand miles or more) for the same price or less? This is including the weird charges tacked on at the end by Ryanair, easyjet and the like. Oops, I got the distance by looking at google maps and gauging the approximate distance using the scale at the bottom left - then used the wrong units from what I intended. I would have fit in perfectly in the Mars Climate Orbiter team :D I presumed that it was a minor think-o and that c2 meant "the best\most appropriate tool in my toolbox". That's certainly what the rest of the comment seems to imply anyway. Very well said. I've seen the same with "Cranberry juice drink". It's not cranberry juice, it's a cranberry juice-ish kinda drink. I first ran into the tool used in the article when I was working in the compiler team of a company that produced DSPs. I figured I'd fire up a set of 100 randomly generated tests to see how we coped. I was astonished, these few tests yielded something like 5 serious bugs (crashes, bad optimisations) in the development branch. That was only when built -O (full optimisation, rarely reveals bugs) on a single architecture, if I'd spent a bit more time I reckon I could've uncovered a few more just be adding or changing the build switches alone for the same tests. Unfortunately I wasn't able to do this, as I was let go shortly afterwards and wasn't able to convince anyone that we should include this in regular testing before I left. I wasn't even able to submit bug reports to John Regehr and his team at Utah University - who were curious about what kinds of bugs their tool was uncovering - even though I promised I would. Cryptonomicon, perhaps? I loved that book Quite a low-key year for me, and perhaps of little interest to the wider HN community, but it's nice for me to take stock of these things. Lows: - Was made redundant - messed up with a few incredible girls through apathy or equally stupid things Highs\Successes: - immediately found better paying job - started playing football again - paid off overdraft and CC debts - resolved to move away from the UK Next year: - turn 25 (this is an achievable goal) - act more\quicker\at all on any software ideas I have - save money and - decide where I want to go (Canada, Aus, NZ, elsewhere in the EU) then just pack up do it This is what I love about this part of the year. Even if you've had a fairly crummy time of it in previous months (mine was so-so), you can't but help feeling optimistic at the opportunity to starting the new year afresh. Good luck in taking 2011 by the horns and getting what you want out of life! "It gives less of a shite than a French man smoking a cigarette in public" Um...what? > The comment, to me, is a distraction Perhaps a little reflection is in order, you were originally unhappy that the comment I made might have distracted from, or derailed, any possible discussion. Then, rather than turning the other cheek, you opted to kick off a discussion which has ironically created a genuine distraction. update: This reply was a little bit cheeky and I subsequently sent stanleydrew an email to apologise. There's a comment which suggested that this happened in "England" (the UK, grrr) but the roles were reversed and Groupon did this to a local competitor. Does anyone know anything about this? Quote: "and this was after you did the same thing to some poor guy in england." Have a look at the article, the quote in question was said on the phone to some higher-up in Hamas after it was discovered they were operating undercover doing shady business in Dubai I suspect the Oxford\Cambridge undergrad interviews have less to do with assessing technical competency and more to do with providing admissions with a reason to discriminate against state-educated kids. The amount of Oxbridge intake come from private schools is disproportionately high to be due to exam results alone, and is better explained by an ingrained negative view of those with a state education or old boys networks. I've seen this in action, exceptional state school students turned down from Oxford, and utter buffoons (but with the correct background and accent) being accepted. Same thing here in Scotland. However even though we have plenty of good universities, we don't have anything quite like MIT, Harvard or Caltech. Weird, sometimes the text is in second person ("Your older sister is the most popular...") other times third ("Python cares deeply about you..."). Not particularly entertaining anyway. In the UK there's the British Universities competition (used to be BUSA in my day, now it's BUCS - http://www.bucs.org.uk ). It can in no way compete with US college football in terms of attendance or revenue. However there is no revenue to speak of, teams are funded by each Uni's sports union and by the players themselves. And all the money goes towards paying for facilities, transportation and maybe new strips every other year. All the same it exists, it's well organised and has many thousands of participants in lots of sports each wednesday afternoon. In scotland rugby developed this way, so that now the "FP" (i.e. school) teams feature promininently in the top two tiers: GHA, Boroughmuir, Watsonians, Heriots, Dundee High, Edinburgh Academicals, Aberdeen Grammar, Stewart's Melville are all such teams. School\Uni rugby (universities compete in a separate competition) is the closest equivalent we have, though it's utterly unable to compete in terms of attendance and money :) Nope, alcoholism is not hilarious. It's pretty sad. Yep, me too. I'm pretty nervous at interviews already, so I reckon I'd melt down if I was presented with some of the questions without having vaguely prepared. But I suppose that's why the page is there, not so we can feel stupid but so we can re-engage that "solve arbitrary problem X" mentality. I'm in a maintenance role right now and it's really getting to me. I should quit, but I'm reasonably well paid (so I can save plenty to quit when I've had enough), and I feel some kind of duty to the fellow members of my team. What gets me is that the original developers get the praise and recognition that comes with releasing something, and are then moved onto new projects. They never have to deal with fixing the bugs they've created, so they have little idea what a pain in the ass it is to maintain their code and do the same shit on the next project (which we'll have to maintain soon enough). When I do a good job of fixing bugs it makes it look like their shitty code works, but when I fail to fix a critical one in a timely it reflects badly on my abilities (even though it's primarily due to a poorly written and poorly documented code in the first place) and makes my team and the company look bad. Anyway, I suppose I've not really contributed much to the discussion but maybe this rant will take the sting out of going into work tomorrow. "Because so many sites — including TIME — use Facebook's user-tracking "Like" button, Zuckerberg is able to collect information about people who aren't even users of his site" I thought you had to have a facebook account to "like" something, either on facebook itself or sites with the FB "like" link. Anyone know otherwise? edit: Just logged out of FB, opened a random Time article ( http://www.time.com/time/world/article/0,8599,2049569,00.htm... ) and clicked "like" - and was asked to login to FB. Hmm I like the "Banana Equivalent Dose" measurement: http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Banana_equivalent_dose Anyone care to suggest the reason behind the four notes that are repeated over and over (occasionally with slightly different filters)? Agreed, to repeatedly trivialise the Dubai situation as "penis envy" is lazy. To then continue to spit out angry generalisations that would not look out of place on Fox News (without citing anything) is tedious at best. There's an excellent story waiting to be told about what happened in Dubai and what may happen in the future, but this isn't it. Another rather lazy article, playing on boring stereotypes, pedestrian anecdotes and uninteresting conclusions. We're all aware of national stereotypes, and we're used to seeing lame stand up comics riff on them, however it's unusual to see the FT stoop so low. If Simon Kuper (a Brit, though one with a sheltered upbringing it seems) thinks Brits are reserved and prudish, I suggest he visits Glasgow, Newcastle or indeed any city on a Friday or Saturday night. I dare say he might witness similar revelations if he were to explore other cultures further, rather than drawing on boring clichés. I wonder which Ronaldo he meant. I can't quite get over the moody, cheating side of Cristiano Ronaldo to appreciate his abilities. Having a Cristiano Ronaldo as a developer would be a bloody nightmare. It'd be like having a co-worker who turned in some inspired code, but who lied, stole, picked fights and was generally a chore to be around. I hope he meant Brazil's Ronaldo circa 2002 :) Aha the author. I enjoyed your article, but I might be biased as I love football and I quite like C! Right in that scenario the salary was a question "how would $80k do?", in my experience employers have rarely been so cavalier. They're a little more firm, i.e. "The offer is £80k" I'd be interested to see if anyone had a good comeback for that I think Linus forgets that at one point he too was inexperienced and liable to make these hit-and-hope fixes. I agree with his point in general, but the dickish manner in which it's delivered isn't particularly helpful ("Why don't we write code that just works?") Yep, that'd be an excellent way to word it. As I said I don't disagree with the point, I just dislike how Linus addresses people sometimes. I listen to what they say. I just lose respect for the person if they act like a bit of an idiot while delivering it. This is not helpful if the person is meant to be in a supervisory\managerial role. Confusing downvote, I honestly can't see what could be disagreeable or controversial about this comment (particularly given it's inflammatory parent comment) but never mind! I'm with you, I've read that article (and some more of a similar flavour) and I can't believe anyone would recommend starting a business in Russia. Probably the same reason the UK license-fee-funded BBC initially supported iPlayer on Windows only - it's the most popular tablet platform (or so I believe). The Kindle\Android flavours are apparently on their way, let's give them a chance eh. >> I have been pointed that the population I was using for "Ireland" is indeed the population of the entire island, so Republic of Ireland (Eire) plus Northern Ireland (Ulster). Wonder if it's worth pointing out Northern Ireland != Ulster, he seems keen on correctness I didn't fill mine in, whoops Genie is from the arabic "jinn" Heh, I got one line of black-on-white text describing a database error. Thought it was some kind of joke Downvoting seems a little harsh for just getting a conjecture incorrect - you get an upvote from me for being inquisitive Great list, The Vice Guide to North Korea was what I was going to recommend Wow, link overload in that post. Did he really feel the need to link to the US Government wikipedia page? and node.js Quite fancy playing around - sean dot mclemon at gmail.com, if anyone is still checking this 503 error - "Please try again later" Oh the irony Yep, the Safari logo in particular does it for me as they've attempted to make it look ever so slightly different ("Nooo, see this one's green and the compass dial is pointing at a TOTALLY different angle"). Just reminds me of the rather awful OS X-like skins you see for Winamp or basically any skinnable application. Bleh Which part of the theme? The netscape navigator icon was just a circular logo with a big "N" and the icon for the old Communicator browser was a Lighthouse - which is only vaguely related in a nautical\navigatey sort of way OK so a ship's wheel is again in the nautical ballpark, but not really the same thing as a compass The title is a little misleading, there's only a few techniques and it seems that one of the more interesting ones ("Unsafe" class) is only available in some JVMs, one doesn't help with speed in many cases (compressed strings) and a couple of the others boil down to "use DirectByteBuffers". I thought it was pretty sneaky to switch the base size of the tower of money in the WTC pic. For one thing including any rendition of the WTC is a powerful image, one that's usually invoked on purpose to stir emotion. Secondly to inflate, compared to the other pictures, the quantity on display is rather deceptive. Is it someone with an axe to grind, or a political motivation? The WTC imagery + "WOW LOOK AT THIS DEBT WE SOMEHOW FIND OURSELVES IN ALL OF A SUDDEN" smacks of the Tea Party\far right to me... Linus lives in the US These are getting a little long in the tooth, wonder if they'll continue to be effective for much longer. >> The debt is $14T, the deficit is just over a billion The US budget deficit is far more than $1 billion. http://www.bloomberg.com/news/2011-03-10/u-s-had-record-222-... Which chip? ADI's SHARC has that and it's far from "really silly" "Just like ICQ" What's it used for in the porn industry, do you know? I didn't know there'd much need for IMing I felt something similar last year, and negotiated with my boss a few months off work. I went travelling round Australia, NZ and SE Asia and completely removed work from my mind. I just returned this week and I'm feeling enriched, refreshed and eager to get stuck into work again. Time off like this really helps with burnout, I cannot recommend it highly enough. I was away for just over three months (16th December to 1st April) By the same token, you could take a look at the top users (or just number of users in general) in project euler and note that China doesn't have a particularly huge representation: http://projecteuler.net/eulerians http://projecteuler.net/countries You can't draw the kind of conclusion the New Statesman has from just one website. Interesting, I got what you meant straight away and thought it would be interesting to see what happens too. Shame eh!