Finally something I know about. Feel free to ask and I will try to answer :-) On 2.: you decide who you share with. People can follow you but they won't see anything you don't share with them. Absolutely yes. But of course it depends. Making sure to stay in the drivers seat instead of selling out to a big company was the first step. Of course, if corruption is rampant everywhere this is much harder. Also setting targets and staying true to them seems to be important. Today the target is not to use anything from their oil fortune except the interest. This is something they seem to fight about every year but the majority seems to say no to the party idea every time. The nearest I come to knowing anything about this is having used a waterproof camera-on-a-cable hooked up with fishing gear. (However good friend of mine has worked on support vessels in the North Sea and had some amazing stories, complete w/pictures of big angler fish, Lophius piscatorius I think, caught with high end ROVs.) Partly agree. For now it seems to be keeping them afloat into 2050 or something provided they don't come up with something really stupid before that. After that they have the worlds 3rd largest Thorium reserve. One good thing I think is at least they are not spending it as they extract it, rather investing it globally. Or ctrl + a in some cases (unixy thing, works in linux terminals as well) A gentle pop over telling them the phone number to customer support? Next day the email address to helpdesk, next email address to executives etc Still faster than the download - wait for Acrobat/Foxit Reader - wait for marginally faster loading document cycle anyway isn't it? There are some interesting stories out on the internet (google for "419 eater" or "scam baiting".) Unlike this story they are often well documented (and in some cases, funny, like tricking the scammer into providing a c64 carved out of hardwood.) Be sure to read their guidelines before trying anything similar as scambaiting can be dangerous. Posted as a response to "Scammed". This site contains a lot of stories as well as a brief on ethics amd, -ahem, basic HSE info for people wanting to get involved. Or take the approach Netflix did: http://techblog.netflix.com/2012/07/chaos-monkey-released-in... Does anyone have pointers to anything like this, freely available, for modern shipping? (i.e. after GPS and AIS) Yep. Use that a lot as a reference. (AIS transponders send quite a lot information and also a lot of people upload photos of vessels that can be viewed at marinetraffic.com) There are also a few other projects that have overlapping data. (aprs sites, e.g. aprs.fi - more of an amateur radio thing but will still pick up lots of interesting signals) (Edit: perhaps more interesting to people around here an usb/serial ais receiver can be had for a few hundred dollars and there is a site called http://www.aishub.net/ where you can get access to the firehose provided you cover your area. Disclaimer: I never tried aishub.) I think the post is more about older ships logs. For shipping there are rules in place on who are allowed to turn of tracking and under what circumstances. Also even if "security by obscurity" etc is heavily used it doesn't mean it is a good strategy : ) While I haven't designed my own furniture I insist that it should be real honest wood (now). Which means I can just give it a polish if the kids scratch it. Or sand it if necessary. Also a lot of the furniture is bought from someone around here who had found something they liked even better. Because a kid can write a working trojan that escapes AV detection? (Two very young studends I know did, POC took less than 50 loc in AHK. That included a plausible "installer" as well as auto update feature). For anyone who hasn't read it yet the last tweet on that account is gold. I see a lot of people like me in this thread: We like Apple and Mac but certain aspects are less than ideal in our setting. For me I have found elementary os (linux based) to be a good step closer to perfect for me. ("Normal" alt-tab, menus follows windows (if they exist at all), etc.) All while being fast on less than stellar hardware and pleasing to my eyes. (For people who love Mac: Don't even try. I can almost assure you'll find some color nuance, alignment issue etc. I'm serious: You guys see stuff like this, I can't even see all the colors.) Can we kill a subset of the gear buttons, specifically the "mystery" ones, as well? Especially in Mac apps and wannabe mac apps. The copy button is quite obvious, -compared to a lot of others. As much as AGPL annoys me the pony developers seems to understand it and use it in a reasonable way. What really annoys me is 1. when people stamp a AGPL license on something (that was previously licensed under GPL or even less restrictive) and claim that it is still just GPL and everyone could still continue using their system as before. 2. when people make something brilliant and only offer it under AGPL without providing a commercial licensing option. Equally seerious question: Didn't you just answer you own question before you asked it? The application worked fine as long as long as dns worked the way it was supposed to. However robust an application is it can't handle being fed html ads instead if application spesific json. When you are finished rethinking this you can go on to think a second time about censoring your wifes Internet access. Do onto others etc.... Correct. I'm only pointing out that in this spesific case it had nothing to do with the robustness of the application. More specifically: A better application might have warned you about the failing part so that you won't have to go looking for it. Fixing the problem would still include either replacing OpenDNS or working around it. > I also don't think OpenDNS is a tool of censorship, as it is so easily circumvented. Was the first version of Great Firewall also no censorship since it was easily circumventable? > I hope my children learn how to circumvent tools of censorship and this can be their first practice. Children, yes. I didn't comment on them. http://stackoverflow.com/questions/17480044/how-to-install-t... Question: How to install the current version of Go in Ubuntu? Reason for closing: This question appears to be off-topic. The users who voted to close gave this specific reason: "Questions about general computing hardware and software are off-topic for Stack Overflow unless they directly involve tools used primarily for programming. You may be able to get help on Super User." Nominated because: Go most definitely is a tool used primarily for coding, yet the question was closed for this reason by more than one person. Interesting, especially for its benefits for solar power. (One sentence sticks out though: ". The company projects it can deliver energy for utilities and other users at a cost of less than $250 per kilowatt hour." This must be a mistake?) Yep. And as much as I like the latest version of google+ sometimes it is funny: Removing the kids and their dad playing soccer so I can have a get a better view of the toolshed. ;-) (Tbh: AutoAwesome also created a "action version". I also gurss they are data mining which AutoAwesome s we keep and which ones we delete.) Seeing that you haven't got a reply in three hours here's what I found: There is mentions of using Closure which is a google JavaScript technology. I think however it is cross browser. I also was confused about the free forever part until I found they actually have a tiered pricing model. Edit: here is what they say: "Forever Free We believe privacy is a fundamental human right and should be available for everyone. That's why we offer multi-tiered pricing including a free version that anyone can use. Let's bring privacy back to the people!" There are some clues to be found on the page: "ProtonMail is developed both at CERN and MIT and is headquartered in Geneva, Switzerland. We were semifinalists in 2014 MIT 100K startup launch competition and are advised by the MIT Venture Mentoring Service." ProtonMail is developed both at CERN and MIT and is headquartered in Geneva, Switzerland. We were semifinalists in 2014 MIT 100K startup launch competition and are advised by the MIT Venture Mentoring Service. while the site seems to be responsive design, no content showed up in my Firefox on Android. Edit: works in mobile Chrome Running a relay is perfectly legal in many (most?) contries, isn't it? (AFAIK it was originally deployed by USA as a way to secure their field agents comms. ) Let me add: Hopefully they will end using 3rd party comment systems that forces you to either break the rules (fake Facebook etc accounts) or sign every comment with you full online profile. (In at least a few foras I frequent the result is that in most controversial case you miss out a whole lot of reasonable but not politically correct voices. Real trolls either don't care about Terms and Conditions and create another fake account or they troll using full name and address.) Excuse me? Google+ share the quota with gmail. Gmail currently offers 7 or more free GB. Additional GBs are cheap (although they have new price structure now.) Also pictures 2048px (*) or smaller doesn't count towards the quota (and you can easily, in g+ settings on phone, choose to only upload photos resized to that size if you don't want to pay for extra storage.) Don't forget that there are a lot of countries around the world that borders to former USSR that are very happy with American military superiority. My home country is one of them. USSR at some point had stamps where half of our contry was painted in as part of the empire, and rich in resources and strategic as it was there is a fair chance they had invaded us hadn't it been for the Americans. Most of us prefer different degrees of rich as in USA versus everybody equal(ly poor) as in USSR so we are mostly happy. Understand that I cannot defend everything every American has ever done but on average I'd feel much safer with an American soldier pointing a gun at me than about anyone else. Thanks! Appreciated and upvoted. The thing about elementary and OS X is that elementary seems a whole lot better than OS X. This wouldn't count of course if I hadn't used OS X a few years. (Then again I mostly have used Linux whenever possible for the last 5-10 years and I also think Windows 8 is great.) Things that are better (in my view) in elementary are for example: alt-tab, standard open source apps works nicely (no need to run in an extra x), no global menu. Of course no Mac user should switch, but for anyone like me who almost like mac except for the:"stupid" parts elementary is great. I see your point about public perception. For another viewpoint I'm running dev of a side project on an elementary laptop. Since bleeding edge of postgres and python doesn't matter much for me it is actually quite good. (relational database, no scaling problem for now and python packages are installed using virtualenv and pip. Sublime text also works nicely on two year old kernel ) There are plenty people with ADHD-PI and good grades. Many goes undiagnosed into adult life as well. Seek help. Be prepared to have to explain it a few times. Some doctors are amazingly reluctant to accept that ADHD doesn't mean stupid, lazy or crazy. (Yes, there is a book by about that name. Can't vouch for it yet.) Also, medicine or not, be aware that you might have a few advantages: When everyone else freeze (exam, first to an accident etc) if you are prepared you can think clearly when few others can. You most likely can study very well on your own (but going to class is still recommended just to have an idea of what the school/teacher/professor thinks is important.) Try to use your special abilities like: thinking outside the box (automate things), eye for details (something is fishy), people skills etc. I'd also like to think that a job were you are clearly ON or OFF would be an advantage. For some of us this disturbed the whole working day: Having to log into twitter at work to check what is happening with HN.. no good.. ; - ) From the Civ V Steam Listing: "Don't meet the above requirements? Running on Ubuntu? That doesn't mean your configuration wont run Civ V, it just means we have not tested and vetted your configuration. Visit the Civilization V community page to share your experience with other Linux players and learn about how to send bugs to Aspyr. Your feedback will help us improve Civ V Linux and future AAA Linux releases". He, I would like to say it is the price for living with kde. I find it is generally worth it and suggest other people try it if they don't like their current setup and have some time to spare. I changed to ubuntu fo a few years while they used gnome 2 but now I am back on kde for my workstation and have been for a couple of years. (Distroshopping coming up later this month when the various lts-buntus and derivatives have stabilized.) Yes it beta but if the screenshots immediately raises red flags to you chances are you are a mac us ser and should stay with mac for now. (I have used mac for years and it annoys me to no end, mostly because it is so close to perfect but still broken to no end for many of my use cases. For me linux shortcuts, linux software, fullscreen working w/multi monitor, "correct" keyboard layout and keyboard shortcuts that makes sense to me is far more worth than visual polish. But then again I am weird, ain't I? ;-) Stuff I work with still uses rs232. In fact rs232 is still being used in new systems today :-) Edit: before anyone thinks I'm stupid: it pays well, I get to work in interesting places and I dont have to wrangle appstore guidelines, java gc, android etc. Have to wrestle some windows systems though. Not my post but I'll add a little meta observation anyway: I can't see why this isn't taking off at HN. I've personally found the recent discovery of the giant octopus interesting. It has been reported by sailors for numerous times as far as I know, yet science has shown little intereset until a specimen was found. In the same vein the fact that wolves have attacked humans in the last 5 years is very interesting. When I grew up we were taught that wolves were afraid of humans and none of the old stories were true. (I have come to the conclusion top trust naval officers and grandparents more than scientists in such cases.) You explained it better than me: "Science is great. It's the best thing we've got for finding out the truth about nature. But sometimes science gets arrogant and ignores anecdotal evidence even when it is so widespread that some of it almost certainly is from reliable observers." >Because your statement doesn't make much sense for the former, and is still wrong for the latter (science showed plenty of interest before the recent live-specimen discovery, though the popular media, at least briefly, became more interested when a live specimen was found.) Thanks for correcting me. Now tzs also has a much better example than me :-) >When and where were you taught that? Primary school I think. A note on the hacking part: "The 14 year old duo Caleb Turon and Matthew Hewlett broke into a Bank of Montreal ATM during school lunch by following an online manual for accessing the machine's administrator functions. ... Turon and Hewlett gained access to that data by guessing the administrator password on their first attempt, indicating the ATM had default settings enabled." Still interesting. Let me guess this can have a wide range of applications outside of baby monitoring as well... That be tried. Was advertised HN maybe last year. I paid (and got money back no asking) one attempts. Cannot remember name. edit: style match topic To anyone that wonders: "Will it blend" was never a karma magnet on HN. One of the reasons I like HN. Also no update yet on the problem. (except for a major spike in api ping times.) I quite like that perspective. Having to accept wait and lag on i7 processors, 2digit gigs of ram as fast as never before etc * ) is really frustrating. Luckily, in my experience at least, Microsoft is finally starting to catch up on usability and efficient use of hardware. Windows 7 didn't raise the bar for hardware specs significantly and neither did Windows 8, 8.1 etc [1] *) not talking data science, rendering, games or user/admin misconfiguration, i.e. DNS timeouts etc. [1] : windows.microsoft.com/en-us/windows-8/system-requirements The bigger problem was it showed very clearly googles lack of care for search power users. The plus operator was just one problem. Soon after they started fuzzing words in doubleqoutes and at some point they even fuzzed verbatim searches. (Luckily it now works to some degree again.) Can't see why this is downvoted. IMO Gnome used to be significantly better than it is and everytime they break something they break it in the name of userfriendlyness. IMO KDE had an edge at Gnome until Ubuntu. Then Gnome on Ubuntu was the easiest/best DE until Unity / Gnome 3. Today I switch between elementary, kde and Windows 8 I have like ten years of experience in mixed setups. I have supported Windows since 3.1.May I try to shed some light into this? Windows (from Microsoft, no OEM) could be really good, snappy and usable. On the other hand what many users see is a locked down enterprise installation at work and a bloatware-ridden laptop from hp, dell or one of the other mainstream brands at home. Furthermore a Windows installation (the OEM one ordinary people have to go through) can easily take 2+ hours. And then you have to pay up for and install office. Compare this to any linux after Ubuntu (they weren't too bad before either) where installation takes 30 minutes and includes a decent office package. Oh, -and multiple desktops, a sane system-wide package manager with upgrades. Windows (as delivered by Microsoft) is neither slow nor bloated. As experienced by many end users it very much is. > I always custom install from a Windows disc, and throw away the "monstrocity" that comes pre-installed in the OEM machine. Sadly that's not an option for most people. Why Microsoft hasn't punished the OEMs over the years for making them look ugly, slow and bloated is an unanswered question to me. Luckily that means we now have several Linux distros to choose from. Hehe, the more usability experts and especially self - proclaimed usability experts the worse it ends up for people like me ;-) Not saying Mac, Gnome and Unity are bad, just that I don't like them and have good reasons for not liking them. But I guess annoying power users isn't a good strategy to get more user advocates. OEM or sane? (As can be seen from my comment history I like Windows 8) My complaint is they assigned obvious and easy to fix bugs (not improvements ot new features) to next paid release. Thats were they lost me as a paying customer. Long time user of both nix and Windows here: At least around here it seems anyone can be a Windows dev/admin while becoming a *nix admin often takes some dedication. And to this day the amount of busywork that Windows admins and devs find acceptable still amuses me and not in a good way. Strongly disagree. This is something you will hear from a lot of places, often from people who never were early adopters of neither mail, sms or skype etc. Late reply, but yes I am reasonably sure. A big part of one of my previous jobs was setting up Windows and Linux servers and linux workstations. The severs invariably had 4 nics. I never, ever had to adjust iptables on any if them. Setting them up is mostly a breeze except for application specific stuff ($$$ stuff, not open source). I don't know what distro and hardware you used though. Agree that the girl part should have been left out. Still think an average hn-er should be able to type faster and more correct on a normal keyboard than the average 13yo, regardless of gender. Anyone else sees this? ")},load:function(e){var t,n,r=!1,s;s=Date.now(),i.load();if(!e)return;for(n=0;n ­ I might have an even better idea, maybe easier to implement as well: Make it socially acceptable to add an abstract (or a tldr) as the first comment. Something along the lines of: """Can data driven customer acquisition replace metrics for underfunded crowdsourcing frobs? Article says yes. Data heavy with some interesting observations nicely presented. """ Or: """Submitted mostly as an example of breaktrough frob design. Hoping for comments from someone knowledgeable on frobs and frosb.""" (Hi, keep it honest : ). The rationale for not having an abstract or tldr is summarized in the faq : """How do I make a link in a question? You can't. (This is to prevent people from using this method as a way of submitting a link, but with their comments in a privileged position at the top of the page. If you want to submit a link with comments, just submit it, then add a regular comment.)""" This suggestion should work nicely along with this intent: you are free to add extra info but you don't get a privileged spot on top of the page. (Edit: posting from mobile device, first version just to get it out) tldr: ESR argues that mostly only classical Science Fiction is real SF, explains why (historic references as well as references to what the paying audience prefers), and argues why it has tp be that way. Some interesting comments as well. No, it is a piece of satire. Not applicable in any country although you'll find many European countries feel more or less like this atm. Related (and my favorite): Things to Say When You're Losing a Technical Argument http://www.pigdog.org/auto/mr_bads_list/shortcolumn/1914.htm... I have this feature I really like in Windows, Linux and Mac OS X that's called "hibernate". It basically works like you described :-) (Expecting explanation on why hibernation is considered harmful. ) The offense is not about not agreeing with you it seems but about the way you present it. (Disclaimer: not a downvoter, just an observer. ) > One caveat is that because of how we are funded, we are only able to employ US citizens. Just wanted to say thank you: just being aware of limitations like this and letting people know up front makes it a whole less annoying. Also the circumstances makes it understandable. > Why the heck would you do MFCC on images? Maybe it was the videos? > SIFT is patented All the better then that Yahoo acquired a licence somehow, processed the data and made the results available. You don't need a license to compare keypoints I hope? I make an educated guess that Yahoo has a valid license for a public project like this ;-) > it is prohibited to generate their keypoints, even if it is to compare to your own But you can still compare them against each other and against other data sets. 1. Distrowatch cobsider them distros 2. They are distributions: different people are responsible, they have packaged different stuff Now, why did someone find the above comment worthy of a downvote? > If these code examples look boring to you, well, that's kinda the idea - they're boring because you understood them immediately! This sales pitch finds me at home! Also there seems to be some nifty features in there e.g native unions and intersections. Historic background: * they have done so since they were created by UN in 1948 * all neighbouring countries declared war on them then. As far as I know only one of them has since retracted their declaration of war. Edit: Is it downvoted because of factual inaccuracies, tone, relevance or something else? Honest question, I have noe clue. hang on a sec.... Long time developer here, came from vs to eclipse and later Netbeans and Idea: Tell me: don't you still have to buy resharper to get the same refactoring tools that I get for free in eclipse? Again: I'm also not a big ms fan (see my comment on visual studio) but why not comment when downvoting? I'm asking the question: maybe vs has improved since I left. Until recently the meme among tje fanboys seemed to be "VS is the best ide" (i.e.: after you have installed resharper). Are all modern refactoring tools installed ootb with vs 2013 or 2014? Great to know, thanks! Bad: Missing screenshots. (Examples) Good: Real text, not just a video. Sounds brilliant. Basically crowdsourcing in disguise? Clickable link, for lazy people like me: http://skanout.com/ Reason for reading: if you are anything like me and like old manuals with cross section illustrations, advice on valve adjustment etc. If I understand the idea correctly you have two sources of input: users inputting links to new web shops and polling existing web shops. If a user asks enters a product that is already in the database and you already have a better price, notify him in a mail a few minutes later that you have a better price and he will be impressed. If a user enters a product that is already in the database and he has a better price, -send the first user a notification. Additionally you will habe a growing number of sources for anything tjat you can poll and mine. Define massacre, please. Last I checked it was defined like this: """massacre/ˈmasəkə/ noun an indiscriminate and brutal slaughter of many people. verb deliberately and brutally kill (many people). """ Tell me how what happens in Gaza is consistent with "indiscriminate" and "deliberately" as long as only launch sites and weapons caches are targeted and warnings are sent out well in advance, something I haven't heard any other army has ever done so consistently before. (And I will happily tell you that I don't think the Israelis are without fault. I just want this sick twisting of referential frames to stay away from hn.) Stephen Elop: the same guy who wrote the "burning platform" memo about Nokia. This has the potential to be seriously interesting! Disagree. Reason: In Software Archeology (a.k.a. maintaining legacy code) you are often happy to get any kind of clue as to what went on inside someones head. Maybe they saw an edge case? Of course you should write self-documenting code with variables and function names that explains most of it but when you either have to 1. factor out a new function do_this_to_fix_that_weird_thing(weird state) or 2. have to add a line state == weird ? fix = fix+1:continue // weird is a weird state that sometimes occurs even though vendors api docs says otherwise. please think twice. Outdated comments are a problem but very often a problem I'll happily deal with compared to not having them at all. If a comment doesn't make sense you can also try checking VC history. I used to work with software that used SIFT. And I am sometimes a programmer. Meta: For anyone who didn't recognize it at first sight, this is sarcasm. Relevant such even if I and you don't necessarily agree. (If you are about to downvote parent because he is wrong, read up on sarcasm and count to ten. If you happen to think it was more irrelavant or more out-of-place than most stuff here I can certainly see that, go ahead and downvote : ) PS: This comment really shouldn't be necessary but I have seen examples lately of people failing to not only appreciate well-placed sarcasm but also recognize it, as seen by the fact that they will start arguing how the parent comment is wrong. Sarcasm, well used, is^h^h used to be a very powerful technique because of the way it can expose the stupidity of something. Agree or not but I have a very clear feeling that developing nations are not twitters demographic nor is it their target demographic. Just think about it: Who are people following on twitter? Mostly not neigbours and general relatives. The only instances I have seen where twitter has helped people anywhere close to developing countries was during the revolts in Egypt and I have a a feeling even those reports where kind of inflated before they reached our tech bubble. A Dutch engineer once told me (back before 2004 I guess ) that they once raised the speed limit on the roads in Netherlands only to find average speed decreased. His explanation IIRC was that 1. once people broke the limit it didnt matter how much and 2. when speed limits felt more correct more people respected them. I'd love to know if anyone has any pointers to research on this as around here speed limits are weird. (80 in places where you obviously can't even drive 80 and 80 on the highway, -four lanes) You realize you can choose/remove pictures as well as edit and add captions? (And yes, it can be turned off. I think it goes along with AutoAwesome) For me this is one of a few data points that proves there are still real googlers around :-) Now if they would just bring back desktop search and web clips (I think it analyzed every rss linked from every web page I read and figured out what kind of news I was interested in. More practically speaking: it was magic in a good way. ) I really really have a hard time understanding the google+ hate around here. Yes, I can understand the issue with the real names policy that hit youtube. Yes, I can understand the issue with hangouts. But why oh why do so many people also want the entirely voluntarily google+ social network to crash and burn leaving us with Facebook? Last time I checked it was Facebook who retroactively would chane everything. Again and again. Last time with graph search. G+ however weird it may sound comes off a lot nicer to me. Isn't burnout originally something way worse than exhausted and demotivated? Examples: I burnt out once, it left me crying everytime I where alone and took me months to get through the first phase. Anything that reminded me about the old job, e.g. a faulty drive-train, could trigger stomach pain etc. It took 5 full years before I was really myself again even though I studied and had normal jobs during those years. I have seen a couple of friends and colleagues go through the same. One of them was a promising technician who had to leave it. Whenever I read articles like this I wonder if we are talking about the same kind of burnout? (And yes, English is not my first language.) You are upvoted even though I think you misread my opinion. I wrote specifically about the "social network" part of it. Maybe I was a bit unclear but I meant the part where you can sort people into circles and share stuff with them. And I still think adding people to groups and sharing stuff with them are is voluntary? The implementation of a common identity across Googles properties? That seemed to have been a smart idea mismanaged badly.