I'm not sure it's quite this simple. Yes, my ISP streams cable TV to my house via multicast, but it's a multicast not just of the 1 or 2 channels I am using at any given moment (2 if I'm recording DVR on one and watching another), but of all 150 or so channels on the menu. If each household were only getting the actual TV channels they were watching, unicast might be feasible. (It would, of course, require more upstream bandwidth, so each household could tell its TV provider what it was watching.) Yes, but what about the "if it's already receiving them" part? I don't know exactly how the cable providers provision their networks, but I'd be very surprised if my local set's registration had to go more than one or maybe two hops up the router chain to find one that was already receiving all 150 channels. Otherwise it's hard for me to believe that changing channels would be as fast as it is (effectively instantaneous). (Note, I'm not saying this is a necessary feature of any multicast setup, just that it seems like it would have to be set up that way for the cable providers because of user expectations.) Thanks, the technical background makes things clearer (I wasn't familiar with the details of how the different services get distributed). Um...generators are Python 2.2+ (introduction of the yield statement): http://docs.python.org/release/2.2/ref/yield.html Generator expressions are 2.4+: http://docs.python.org/release/2.4/ref/genexpr.html That said, I don't disagree with removing the Python dependency from the "core" of Mongrel2. As was noted in an earlier comment, people can always write a config file management tool in any language they want (or Mongrel2 bindings in general, for that matter). I'm not sure where you're getting "denialist" from his article. He doesn't say anything about whether there is or isn't global warming, or whether humans are or are not causing at least a portion of it. His charge is that the APS, instead of fostering open debate, is stifling it. I do think he's too preoccupied with money as a motivation for why the stifling is being done; but his primary charge is basically that scientists aren't doing their due diligence the way they used to: "As recently as thirty-five years ago, when I chaired the first APS study of a contentious social/scientific issue, The Reactor Safety Study, though there were zealots aplenty on the outside there was no hint of inordinate pressure on us as physicists. We were therefore able to produce what I believe was and is an honest appraisal of the situation at that time...How different it is now." When I read the IPCC reports, for example, I find it hard to disagree with this assessment; even before ClimateGate we had plenty of evidence that what went into those reports was largely politically, not scientifically, determined. Note that this does not mean the IPCC reports are entirely wrong, nor does it mean that global warming will not be a problem. It means the reports don't make a good enough case for, say, emasculating the entire world economy in order to maybe, possibly, reduce the global temperature rise over the next century by a fraction of a degree Celsius. True, but I give him credit for using words a little more precisely than your average media hack. It's clear to me from the context that by "scam" and "fraud" he means not the simple claim that the climate is warming, nor even the claim that humans may be causing at least a portion of it, but the whole edifice that's been erected to drive certain political policies that are not justified by the state of the science, and to suppress any suggestion that those policies might not be justified. "Merely pointing out that models aren't perfect predictors, or that some esoteric and uncontrollable phenomenon is responsible for some of the warming does nothing useful to help us decide how to act." Neither does obfuscating the data and the models and how they work. Another commenter mentioned "transparency", and I think that's a key element that's been lacking from the climate scientists. They say they're "terrified", but when they're asked for the raw data and the source code to their models, they refuse to provide it, making it impossible to verify that their terror is justified. What information they do reveal does not inspire confidence in their analysis: for example, read the latest IPCC report and see how many key causal factors have a "low" level of scientific understanding. (It's true that greenhouse gases are not in that category, but the fact that we understand them pretty well does not justify simply ignoring the other factors when we admittedly don't know enough to judge their impact.) Also, the IPCC predictions for how much the climate should have warmed by now, given the actual increase in CO2 levels, have basically been falsified: CO2 has been increasing faster than all but their most pessimistic predictions, yet climate has been warming slower than their most optimistic predictions. So as far as deciding how to act, I don't trust the IPCC predictions, and since those are driving all the policy recommendations from those who are "terrified", I don't trust those recommendations either. "critics should be proving that something else is causing the recent heat records." No, the burden of proof is on those who want to implement highly disruptive policies without adequate justification. Even if the theory he's working on turns out to be wrong, the fact that a kid his age can arrive at even a wrong theory is a sign that he is smart enough to merit attention. The specifics of what he's thinking at the moment are far less important than encouraging him to keep on thinking. Follow the link in the Wikipedia page to the article on reprocessing. It solves both of the issues you raise: it greatly extends the time the fuel lasts, and it greatly shortens the time that the remaining waste is dangerous. The only reason this was even an issue in the US (it isn't in other nuclear-using countries) is that the Carter administration banned reprocessing because of misplaced concerns about proliferation. In March 1999 the Clinton administration finally reversed that position (probably because it was obvious by then that reprocessing didn't increase proliferation risk--every other nuclear-using country has reprocessed its fuel from the beginning and there have been no incidents). So we can just take all the stuff that was supposed to be stored in Yucca Mountain for 10,000 years and reprocess it instead. Problem solved. Um, the root cause of the problems at Fukushima had nothing to do with the design of the reactors. The root cause was that their backup diesel generators, which were to supply power to the reactor control and safety systems in the event of a shutdown, along with their switchgear, were sited behind a seawall that got overcome by the tsunami. If the backup generators had been sited properly, this whole fiasco would never have gotten started; the reactors would have shut down safely, end of story. I'm actually amazed that the reactors have held up as well as they have in the face of having no cooling water over a significant part of the fuel rods for this long. They were wrong because they didn't take into account the possibility that backup power would be unavailable for so long. The backup generators and their switchgear were sited very poorly--behind a seawall that was overcome by the tsunami. Please note that I'm not saying the reactor designs themselves weren't old and out of date. They were. But that wasn't the root cause of the problems. The stresses that these reactors have withstood due to the lack of backup power are far beyond any safety specification they were built to. I didn't mean to imply that reprocessing meant no waste: it means a lot less waste, that needs to be stored safely for a much shorter time. Also, since it allows you to use the fuel much more efficiently (without reprocessing, only a couple of percent of the usable fuel actually gets used; the rest ends up mixed in with the waste and is just stored without being used), it does solve the 50 year problem as well. That said, I also didn't mean to say that we shouldn't consider all the impacts of nuclear power. But, as many others in this thread have commented, to be fair we should also consider all the impacts of other power sources as well. As for a less power greedy way of living, I'm all for it, as long as I don't have to give up actual functionality. I'm all for having more efficient cars, but I'm not going to give up having a car; the freedom it gives me is too valuable to give up. (And no, living somewhere where I don't need a car to have that freedom is not an option. Been there, done that, prefer not to. Not everyone wants to live in that kind of environment.) As someone who routinely uses Google with AdBlock installed, I second this. For that matter, I would gladly pay Google a monthly fee to have unlimited search, if the "free" Google only had limited search. The fact that Google has chosen to make their money from advertisers instead of users like me is not my fault. I would put the limitations in the other direction; in fact, I would say that one reasonably obvious place to draw the line is that in order to contribute money to a political campaign, you have to be a registered voter. That would immediately shut down corporate contributions completely. If a group of individuals all want to contribute to the same politician's campaign, great! They can each make their individual contributions. But it seems to me that the biggest source of corruption in the whole process is the idea that any entities other than individual voters can be part of the process. Government is supposed to represent actual human beings, not legal fictions. Makes me proud to have MIT as my alma mater. They were ahead of the game with OCW and are staying ahead. I think comments like that kind of miss the point. The book isn't supposed to be a textbook. It's supposed to get you interested enough in the subject to want to study it further; that's when you go read the textbooks. > I do have to ask, though - if you have an issue with Google's having access to your data, why do you use Google services? As with any web property, if you're in for a penny, you're in for a pound. This is exactly why I don't use Google's services, except for search and Google Maps. What bothers me is the possibility that even those basic services are being compromised in order to further Google's social media goals. "Literate" doesn't just mean understanding the basic methodology. It means having a broad knowledge of specific subject matter. Would you call someone "literate" in English if they knew the basic theory of English grammar but had never read, say, anything by Shakespeare? If the government didn't insist on controlling production, there would be no inconsistency. Someone else's opinion about whether I "should" be taking Adderall would not affect me. The only reason the opinion of "society" matters is that "society", via the government, insists on micromanaging people's lives. And of course the people who are going to abuse the drug just circumvent the controls, so the ones that actually suffer are the ones who genuinely need it and can't get it. > In reality, "a customer" is whoever pays the most money for something you are selling. In the modern world, this would be corporations and rich individuals, not "the people". If this were true, corporations and rich individuals would own everything. They don't. Also, if it were true, nobody but corporations and rich individuals would be able to buy anything. Are you having trouble buying groceries because corporations and rich individuals have snapped them all up? The correct definition of "customer" is "anyone who pays any price for what you are selling, that you are willing to sell it for". As long as the item is worth less to you and more to the customer than a price you can both agree on, the transaction is a mutual gain for both of you. In a true free market, if there are no such customers--because what you're selling isn't worth enough to any of them to pay a price you are willing to accept--then you go out of business. Since in such a market you can't force anyone to buy your product--they only will if it's worth more to them than what they pay--you can only stay in business by providing mutual gain. That principle would apply just as well to services like law enforcement, if they were provided in a true free market. Prompted by reading http://news.ycombinator.com/item?id=3680732 . > When he sees albums from bands he liked, he buys those. There's a wrinkle here, though. He talks about downloading three albums from an artist he never heard of before, and finding that he liked them. Then when he sees a fourth album on Amazon, he buys it. But he never went back and bought the three albums he had downloaded . To me, that's where he crosses the line. I'm willing to accept the general idea that he ought to be able to preview content for free. But if he likes it, and it's for sale, he's on his honor to go back and buy what he likes. And not just because it's the right thing to do; failing to do this is also stupid, by the author's own criteria. Look at it from the point of view of the artist: there's a customer out there who likes four of his albums but who has only paid for one. So the artist is only getting one-fourth of the economic feedback he should be getting to create more content. In other words, in his haste to make sure he doesn't reward content distributors who do things he doesn't like, this author is missing opportunities to reward content creators who do things he likes . > The question is not whether what the OP is doing is right or wrong. I agree; I did mention the word "right", but I then went on to say that that wasn't the real point. > maybe we'll come to a point where artists will get a higher percentage of each album sale First of all, if artists are selling direct over the Internet, why do they need to sell "albums"? Why not just sell songs? Or better yet, why not sell "content" in whatever form the customers actually want to buy it? But if anything like this happens, then the effect will be to reduce the prices of content to the point where the economic "signal" sent to the author or artist by a single purchase is about the same as it is now. Anyway, my point is that the OP went to all this trouble to write a long blog post trying to explain how "content creators" could get him to spend more money; but he never seems to realize that a better way of communicating that information is already available to him: actually spending the money on things that are worth it to him. > The only point I'd like to make is that he does repeatedly say that he does spend the money on the things that are worth it. Yes, he does, and I agree with his general point. I'm only pointing out that his definition of "worth it" appears to me to be somewhat inconsistent. If the fourth album by that artist he mentions was "worth it" because he liked the other three, why weren't the other three "worth it" as well, once he knew he liked them? The fact that he already had them for free is irrelevant; by his own admission, he could have gotten the fourth album for free as well, but he chose not to. I don't see why the same logic that drove that choice wouldn't also drive him to go back and pay for the other three after seeing their quality. > He wrote this with the objective of telling content creators directly instead of assuming that they'll just figure it out. This brings up another key point: the distinction between "content creators" and "content distributors". Much of what he says really applies to distributors--the media companies--rather than creators--the actual artists. The main conclusion an actual creator might draw from his post is that he should look for a better distribution channel than the big media companies. I would agree with that; in fact I've written about it myself: http://blog.peterdonis.com/opinions/internet-blackout-day.ht... > If one could guarantee that the money paid were a "reward to content creators" I suppose I could agree with you. I find that description quite problematic because there is very little transparency in these sorts of processes. I agree, and I should have made that point clearer. There is a critical distinction between content creators and content distributors . See my response to saber3004. You're missing the point of marginal utility. Because the price of water is so low, the marginal use of water is not for purposes vital to survival. People water their lawns, fill swimming pools, wash cars, etc. In other words, they use water for things whose utility is equal to its current price, because there's plenty of water left over at that price after all the vital-to-survival needs are met. If the price of water went up, people would stop using it for purposes with lower utility, in order to be sure to have enough for purposes with higher utility (like drinking and cooking). So the marginal utility of water would still be equal to its price. See David Friedman's text, Price Theory; in particular Chapter 4: http://www.daviddfriedman.com/Academic/Price_Theory/PThy_Cha... He discusses this exact case (diamonds vs. water). > Suppose the more frivolous uses of water were somehow restricted. Then you would no longer have a free market; people would be prohibited from engaging in transactions that they would have chosen to engage in without the prohibition. In that case, yes, price is no longer equal to marginal utility. > Alternatively, consider that blood plasma and many life-saving medicines that have no other use are still cheaper than diamonds. A better example, yes. I would tend to say the "market" in these things is not exactly free either. Somebody should ask Friedman about that one. :) > And, for the sake of argument, let's agree with the marginalists. Aren't all the marginal values and costs for a digital creation, which can be easily replicated millions of times, practically zero? Yes. > You "could not" help her? That's not exactly true, is it? It's just that if you had, there would have been negative consequences for yourself, and so, you didn't. I think the question isn't so much whether he could have tried to help her, as whether it would have done any good. The end result might well have been no improvement in her situation and a drastic worsening of his. In other words, negative consequences for him without any compensating positive consequences for her . In that situation, I'm not sure I would see much point in openly intervening. > If you're blasting your data over an unencrypted wifi connection, do you have a reasonable expectation of privacy? This seems to be equivalent to someone screaming the contents of their email, and then getting angry at you for eavesdropping. Exactly. I agree with other commenters that Google is not to be trusted, but I think this article isn't even specific to Google--it's just another illustration that unencrypted Wifi is public, and anyone with half a clue should know that by now. > This is why paying serious attention to encryption, and making it easy for people to use, might not be the mere fodder of "tinfoil hats" that some portray it to be. Setting up WPA2 on your Wifi router is not very hard. Most routers now will do it at the push of a button. (I personally don't do it that way, I set everything up by hand through the router's web interface, but that's because I'm a techie.) > There's an awful lot of science that needs to be discovered before we can do much of this. Not for the Gen1 and Gen2, and possibly not even for the Gen3. We already know how to build ion thrusters: http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Ion_thruster Building an ion drive ship to meet the Gen1 or Gen2 specs is a matter of engineering and cost, not science. The only other significant spec is the radiation shielding, but we know how to do that; again, it's just a matter of engineering and cost, not science. The big change in the Gen3 specs is the required 1g acceleration, which is probably too high for ion thrusters to reach based on our current knowledge. So we would need to do some development on nuclear rockets; but there has been scientific work done on fission and fusion rocket concepts, so even here it's mostly engineering and cost. It would certainly help to have a breakthrough in materials technology that would let us build lighter radiation shielding for a Gen3 ship, but we could build one without it (albeit it would be a lot more expensive). I agree the Gen4 spec is "out there". > This desire to build Enterprise is assuming that Star Trek is indeed a roadmap and blueprints. If you actually look at his roadmap and blueprints, Gen1 through Gen3 have nothing to do with the fictional Enterprise. It's just a catchy name. Only the Gen4 spec gets into "fictional science" territory (warp drives). > I posted this article to HN mostly because I wanted to see technical arguments as to why this would not work. As I posted above, for Gen1 and Gen3, and possibly even Gen3, I don't think there are any. The most important good thing these specs do is add in acceleration, even if it's small (0.002g is pretty small). Robert Heinlein said decades ago that the way we do space flight now, with ships "coasting" except for brief rocket burns to change course, is the equivalent of floating down the Mississippi on a raft. What we need are the equivalent of sailing ships--ships that always have some "push", even if it's small. The difference in travel times for any significant distance is amazing (note that current plans by NASA for a trip to Mars have it taking two years one way!). > It's not the spheres that are "spikey", the cubes are. This was exactly my reaction on thinking over what the article is saying. > The point is that when you're on the surface of a high-dimensional sphere, what you're standing on has characteristics that we, with our 3D intuition, would normally associate with spikes. Can you explain why the "spikiness" should be associated with the hyperspheres instead of the hypercubes? > when you've on the surface of a high-dimensional sphere, almost every step takes you out. Getting into the interior is like trying to get into the interior of a spike from its tip. This does, yes. Starting with how this aspect changes from a circle (1-sphere) to a 2-sphere might help to get across the "spikiness" you are talking about. It seems to be basically saying the same thing as the "lopping off the cap" description, but the latter was very hard for me to visualize. Saying that a smaller and smaller fraction of the total "hypersolid angle" intersects the hypersphere's interior as you increase the dimension makes it much easier (for me) to see what's going on. One thing that struck me as odd was that the author apparently is not an experienced programmer, but she tried to learn Python from the tutorials designed for experienced programmers; she saw that there was a list of tutorials for non-programmers, but she "didn't look at any of those". Why not? One possible answer is that the term "programming" means something somewhat different to the author than it does to, for example, me. When I look at the Python tutorial topics, even those for non-programmers, I see stuff that looks like programming: loops, conditionals, generators, etc. But the author apparently saw a lot of stuff that didn't seem to have much to do with what she was interested in: getting the computer to do something cool. Processing apparently gave her an easier way to do that. To me, getting the computer to do something cool, in and of itself, is not necessarily "programming". For example, the beginner's tutorial for Processing that the author links to tells you to type the following into the editor: "ellipse(50, 50, 80, 80);". This, of course, draws an ellipse. Cool! But this, to me, isn't "programming"; it's just invoking a magic incantation to get the computer to draw an ellipse. "Programming" is what the person did who wrote the code that interprets that line you typed and figures out what to draw and where. It's quite possible that this is just me; maybe most people are OK with using the word "programming" to describe something that doesn't seem like programming to me. But word choice aside, I am not trying to say that only what I call "programming" is worth doing. I think the point is more that maybe "programming" is too narrow a term to describe what many people are trying to do when they want to get the computer to do something cool. "Long overdue" is an understatement, to say the least. Thanks for posting this! > This context is likely not clear in the post on its own. No, it wasn't--knowing the context actually makes your post quite a bit more thought-provoking. What languages have you programmed in? Has anyone found a calculation in the specs of whether the power requirements given are sufficient to produce the required thrust, given the total mass of the ship? Here's what I come up with (rough numbers): Ship mass: 85,000 metric tons, or 85 million kg. Effective exhaust velocity: 150,000 m/s (1 g, or 10 m/s^2, times the quoted specific impulse of 15,000 s) This implies a power requirement of 75,000 Watts per Newton of thrust--half the effective exhaust velocity, since we're in the non-relativistic regime. For details, see for example here: http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Specific_impulse Thrust required: 1.7 million Newtons (quoted mass above times 0.002g, or 0.02 Newtons/kg) Total power required for thrust: 130 billion Watts, or 130 Gigawatts, or more than 50 times the power quoted in the specs. Am I missing something, or will this ship need 50 sets of reactors to power its engines? I have posted a comment in the Build the Enterprise forums here: http://www.buildtheenterprise.org/forum/build-the-enterprise... I've seen other indications that GoDaddy is a bit heavy-handed, to put it mildly, in responding to DMCA takedown notices. This confirms it. Assuming that the notice was worded properly, they should only have taken down the one specific site that infringed, not all the sites belonging to the same person. > Apparently many of her sites used that specific photo. Ah, didn't catch that. Are you implying that the use in question was fair use (i.e., that the OP should not have sent the DMCA takedown notice for this use)? I don't think "commercial" requires you to "make money" from the use. I think using the photo as an illustration on your business website qualifies as "commercial" even if you can't show that it brought you any business. (Of course, IANAL.) > Candice could have used a good fence between her charity and her infringing account. Agreed, but GoDaddy could have also taken option 2) from dangrossman's post above, which happens all the time with "live" servers anyway, every time people change their own configurations through the web "control panel" for their hosting provider. For the kind of plan it looks like she had, her URLs were most likely being served by the same Apache instance as the URLs for dozens of other customers; so any time any customer changes their setup, the "web server" has to reconfigure itself. That's why servers like Apache do that on the fly, without requiring a restart. > Online spaces are spaces of public accommodation. All online spaces? I more than "lean" towards introversion, and this doesn't really frighten me; it makes me a bit sad, that's all. But I doubt it's a new observation. I suspect most people have always found most other people boring much of the time, even if they are friends. It's just more evident now because people have more alternatives for spending their time that fill a need for "socializing" without requiring direct in-person interaction. Why should users have rights in this situation, other than the right to stop using the service? I understand why it would be nice if they did, but why should they? Why is it am imperative? people can't be expected to take a detailed look at every product and service they might use to assess it fully, that would simply be too time consuming, so you set a basic standard for prevention of harm So basically, you're saying people should trade trust in one third party (the service provider) for trust in another third party (whoever sets and enforces the basic standard). I can understand why people may choose to do this (though in many cases I don't think the second third party is any more reliable than the first), but I don't see it as an improvement. I don't think FB cares about whatever legal standards are in place; to them that's just a cost of doing business. But they do care about losing users. can you imagine what the likes of Facebook or Exxon or whoever might do without them. Sure, and I can also imagine people not using FB or Exxon (many people boycotted Exxon for years after the Valdez spill, IIRC). Also, I can turn the question around: can you imagine what those who are trusted to enforce standards of behavior might do once they know the public trusts them and won't question what they do? How good a job did regulators do at enforcing standards of behavior on investment banks? And before you ask, I do not use FB, precisely because I don't trust them to take care of my data. And it's not just FB; I don't trust Google to take care of my data, which is why I don't use gmail, for example, or any other Google services except search and maps. I don't expect anyone to take care of my data unless I'm paying them, as a customer, to do that--and even then I watch them. You're assuming that there is an actual net benefit to having the second form of protection. I don't think there is. It may seem like a short-term benefit if some regulator actually catches, say, Facebook in the act of misusing people's data; but the long-term effect is that people believe that they can actually trust a company with their data when they're not a paying customer (or even, beyond a certain point, when the are a paying customer). And since the long-term outcome of any regulatory scheme is regulatory capture, sooner or later FB will just be buying the regulations they want, and the so-called protection won't be there any more. Again, I refer you to the economy since 2008. >>> Statistically no one will leave FBook over this. If that's really true, it's very unsettling. If this doesn't trip a significant number of users' "not worth it" detectors, what would? > Goldman wasn't obligated to put up a shingle reading "We are losing our appetite for CDOs, and so can't take your money if you think they're still a great investment." They are obligated if they are fiduciaries. > It's got nothing to do with the fractional reserve system, by the way - a 100% reserve bank still borrows short and lends long and still is subject to bank runs. How is this possible? If the bank has to keep 100% of its deposits in reserve, how can it lend at any longer term than the deposits are borrowed for? > suppose my kid has to go to the ER. I go to the bank to withdraw funds early because of unforeseen circumstances. Does the bank have to give them to me? This sort of situation is what insurance is for. > So insurance pays for 100% of the cost? Where do I find such insurance? Remember we're talking about a very different world from the one we actually live in, a world where banks aren't allowed to lend at longer terms than they borrow. In such a world health insurance would presumably also be very different from what we're used to, since it would only be expected to insure against things that should be insurable, i.e., unforeseen circumstances. What we now call "health insurance" is something like auto insurance that would also be expected to pay for oil changes, replacing tires, checking your air cleaner and wiper blades, etc., etc. If we had health insurance that worked more like the way our actual auto insurance works, we would cleanly separate predictable health expenses from unpredictable ones, and only expect insurance for the latter. That would change things a lot. > Or suppose I need chemo and insurance will only cover 80% of the $100k cost? The big question here is, why do you need chemo? We're probably getting off topic, but I can see at least three distinct possibilities: (1) You need chemo because of something accidental and unforeseen that gave you cancer--say you were in an airplane that got irradiated with a burst of cosmic rays. This would be insurable, and these sorts of conditions are rare enough that I would expect an insurance company to pay the claim, with a reasonable deductible (you would trade off the deductible against the premiums, just as you do now with auto insurance--again, this is all in the light of the general comments I made above). (2) You need chemo because someone else's deliberate act or negligence caused your cancer--say your city water was contaminated by a factory's effluent. In this case the party responsible should be paying for your chemo, just as if someone else hits your car they are responsible for paying to get it fixed. (3) You need chemo because you didn't take care of yourself very well, didn't get regular checkups, and got a form of cancer that could have been diagnosed and prevented but wasn't. In this case your insurance company would still be obligated to pay, but your premiums would probably have been quite a bit higher, just as people with bad driving records have to pay more for auto insurance. Of course I understand that this kind of analysis is a lot more unpalatable when applied to health insurance vs. auto insurance. Our bodies are much more important to us than our cars. But that doesn't change the economics involved. What you're calling "insurance" against a bank run is a central bank printing money. For examples of how well that works out in practice, see the Great Depression and the economy right now. It's not my "solution", it's my description of what a hypothetical world might be like in which we didn't expect the difficulties of things like finance and health care to be hidden from us by schemes like banks borrowing short and lending long, and governments hiding from us the real costs of the health care we receive. I agree completely that the actual world we live in is nowhere near that hypothetical world, and that we aren't going to get to that hypothetical world in one giant transition. However, I would also observe that what we are doing now is not a "stepwise improvement" towards that hypothetical world or anything like it. Instead we move in the other direction-- more of the real costs of financial tricks and health care are hidden from us. Then how do you define "improvement"? > The world is far richer today Agreed, but the relevant comparison is the way the world is now, compared to the way it would have been if the gold standard had not been abandoned. Unfortunately there is no way to re-run the experiment to see. However, there is at least one interesting indication: the worst depression in history, the Great Depression, happened after we went off the gold standard and after we established the Fed to supposedly control the money supply so boom and bust cycles would be controlled. Well, one alternative (in the hypothetical world I was describing--as I said in response to someone else, I'm well aware that the actual world is nowhere near like this) would be no-fault insurance--even if someone else's negligence or deliberate act caused you to need chemo, your insurance pays for it. Then you wouldn't have to go to court. The only drawback to that would be that, if the pattern seen with auto insurance is any indication, everyone's costs would be higher--auto insurance is significantly more expensive for everyone in states with no-fault insurance laws. But perhaps you would say that's worth it to ensure not having to go to court in circumstances like this. I actually agree with your general methodology. I'm not sure I agree with all your factual claims. What we currently call "health insurance" does, because it's actually more than just insurance; as I commented before, it's more like insurance plus an extended maintenance contract. Normal "insurance", like auto insurance or homeowner's insurance, only covers large, unforeseen expenses; it doesn't cover regular maintenance, and it doesn't cover things like buying new appliances when the old ones wear out. The money supply has gone up considerably since 2008, hasn't it? Shouldn't that have led to an actual recovery, instead of the stagnant economy we've actually observed? To do regenerative braking the motors have to know when you're braking. That means hooking into the car's controls to detect when the brake pedal is pressed. It also means preventing the normal mechanical brakes from engaging while regenerative braking is being done. And it means being able to engage the mechanical brakes if the batteries can't accept incoming energy fast enough. All this is a highly non-trivial controls problem, which requires close integration with the car's control computers. I don't see how that can be done with a retrofit. > Knowing when the car is braking is trivial - the vast majority have a dedicated brake switch wire. Yes, that would work, provided it didn't affect the signal going to the vehicle's own computer. (It doesn't seem like it should, but I spent some time as an automotive engineer, and one thing I observed is that the car will do lots of things you don't expect.) [Edit: after seeing another comment below I'm not sure the switch would be enough; you need to know how hard the brake pedal is being pressed so you know how much braking the driver is requesting and can adjust the amount of regen accordingly. But there are ways to do that as well, as the commenter notes.] > Why do you want to prevent the normal brakes from engaging when regen braking is happening? Because the normal brakes prevent regenerative braking (regen) from happening. Both processes convert the vehicle's kinetic energy into something else--regen into electricity, normal braking into heat. You can't convert the same kinetic energy into two things at once, so any energy converted into heat by normal braking is unavailable for regen. > The majority of braking needs to happen up front due to dynamic weight transfer. Which will limit how much regen you can get, since it can only withdraw energy if it is actually slowing the wheel down. It may still be worthwhile to do regen, but not nearly as much as if you could do it on all four wheels. > Instead, use a simple brake balance controllers to reduce the mechanic braking effort at the rear and make up for it with the regenerative braking. Are these controllers dynamic? That is, can they adjust the balance depending on whether regen is happening or not? There will be circumstances when regen can't happen, or can't take all of the energy available (for example, if the battery is close to full or unable to accept charge fast enough). If the controllers are dynamic, then I agree you could put together a solution this way. But you would still need to do a lot of tuning of the controls. One thing I would be worried about if I were doing this is being able to get everything tuned smoothly without having access to the code and calibrations in the vehicle's own computers. > Yeah, or if nothing else install a button for the driver to engage regenerative braking when he knows he's going down a hill or coasting to a stop. Have the regenerative braking turn off if the driver touches the real brakes. Just a button wouldn't work; how would the system know how much braking to apply? You would need something with variable input. Even then it would require considerable practice, I think, on the driver's part; it would be something like trying to control braking with the parking brake while the vehicle is in motion (which I have had to do on one occasion when my regular brakes failed--it's not at all easy). Inspired by reading this: http://www.leancrew.com/all-this/2011/12/more-shell-less-egg... > In my experience writing reusable code, unless you're writing a library, is usually a waste of time. In the sense you're using "library" here, the Unix utilities are libraries--more precisely, they are library functions; the whole set of utilities is the library. So McIlroy was a library/framework writer. > Most code, even when written with intent to be reusable -- isn't. I more or less agree with this; but fortunately, you don't have to look at "most" code to find code that is reusable. As witness, once again, the Unix utilities. Or, for that matter, the Python builtins and standard library that I used to build the Python versions of the "word count" program. Moreover, even if you're in Knuth's position and don't have a good base of reusable code to draw on already, it still makes a big difference how you proceed from there. Do all app devs write big monolithic apps? I believe pg once wrote an essay about bottom-up vs. top-down programming, leaning heavily towards the former. > The essay: http://www.paulgraham.com/progbot.html ? Yes, that's the one I was thinking of. Thanks for finding the link! > the mix of chained object method invocations and "outer" function calls Actually, you're right, I could have factored out the part that builds the dict of words vs. occurrences into its own function, so that the entire pipeline would be a single chain of calls. Now that you've put the thought into my head, I may go back and do that. :-) > I was wondering how the example script would look like using pipe[1] :-) That would certainly make the Python look more like the shell script. :-) One of the constraints I imposed on myself when writing the Python version was to only use what comes with it--built in functions/syntax and the standard library, with no third-party packages, similar to how McIlroy only used "built-in" Unix commands that came with every Unix system. > One question about the Python code: is the first call to sorted needed You're right, it isn't. I've pushed an update to the github repo fixing this (in both versions). > Now that you've put the thought into my head, I may go back and do that. Just did it. :-) Factored out a "uniq" function in both versions, so the "pipeline" function is now a single chain of method invocations (with the slicing at the end). Which means it could actually be put in the "if __name__ == '__main__'" stanza, but that seems less readable to me. > I haven't checked out the original paper, but the solution presented on the blog is a non-solution. It only works for ascii characters and words composed out of ascii. As I understand it, that was the original spec, which both Knuth and McIlroy wrote to. I agree that it is limited as you say. > The shell solution, built upon standard tools, can not be extended to work in an international context but a custom solution in Python (or even Pascal) quite concievably could. As bryanlarsen pointed out, the shell solution can easily be extended by using an internationalized version of tr. The Python equivalent would be to use the built-in Unicode support. (If Pascal had that, you could do the same in Pascal.) However, it's worth noting that by specifying the problem that way you still have the issue of how the input stream (which is going to be bytes) is encoded. Essentially, the original spec declared by fiat that the encoding was ASCII. Also, btw, you can express non-English languages in ASCII (though certainly not as wide a variety as in Unicode); the program as written does assume that words are composed only of the 26 standard ASCII letters, but it could easily be extended to include the ASCII special characters. Another exercise for the reader. :-) Though if you're going to do this kind of extension, it might be better just to go the whole way and handle Unicode. I do have feeds set up, but I just realized they aren't linked to or autodiscoverable. :redface: I'll fix that ASAP. Thanks for the feedback! Fixed--added links on the home page to RSS 2.0 and Atom feeds. Also feed autodiscovery should work now. Good catch! I've implemented your suggested fix of adding a sed '/^$/d' at the beginning of McIlroy's pipeline. The github code is updated, along with an updated test file and expected output. (Btw, the Python version did not have the bug, since the split method of Python strings already ignores initial whitespace.) Oops, you're right, the sed command should be on the second line. Fixed the test inputs and the fix. You're correct, the Python version is O(N) instead of O(1) in RAM usage for two reasons, one easily fixed and one not. Sorry if I'm belaboring the point, but I think it's worth going into a little more detail. The easily fixable issue is that the shell pipeline buffers reads, whereas my Python version just uses sys.stdin.read() for simplicity. I could have buffered the reads by using Python's generators/iterators instead. However, that alone isn't enough to get O(1) RAM usage. The not so easily fixable issue is that the Unix sort command uses temporary files in order to not have to have all of its data in memory at once. See, for example, here: http://vkundeti.blogspot.com/2008/03/tech-algorithmic-detail... Python's sorted builtin doesn't work like this; it can take a generator as input, but it returns a list. This is one respect in which Python's built-in functionality lacks a feature that the Unix utilities have. I don't know if anyone has tried to re-implement the Python sorted function to use temporary files and return a generator to reduce memory usage. [Edit: the Python version would also have to re-implement the uniq function to take a generator as input and return a generator, which would, I believe, also require temporary files.] Looking at the original paper that was linked to elsewhere in the comments here, it appears that Knuth's original Pascal program is, like my Python version, O(N) in RAM. It keeps everything in memory and uses no temporary files, as far as I can tell. > Of course, if you only care about things that fit in memory, you can do it in Python, but it is still far easier to use command line for these type of problems. I agree; I was not trying to claim that my Python solution should be used in preference to the shell pipeline solution in any kind of "production" environment. As I noted in another comment, Knuth's Pascal solution appears to be open to the same criticism. > But your assertion was that this was an easy problem solved with just a few lines of shell code. Where did I assert that? > I can't say that it is impossible to write a shell script to count words in a text written in Arabic script, but it doesn't seem easy. Is there a definition of what counts as a "letter" in Arabic script? That is, which Unicode code points correspond to letters? And does Arabic share the convention that a "word" is a sequence of letters delimited by non-letters? If the answers to those questions are "yes", then the extension of the algorithm already presented to handle Arabic is straightforward; it's just a matter of substituting the Arabic definition of "letters" for the ASCII definition. (With, as I said in my previous comment, the additional issue of determining the encoding of the input and output.) If some of the answers to the above questions are "no", then you have an issue with the problem specification, not with the algorithm you're going to use to solve it. Thanks for subscribing! I generate everything from Markdown source using PyBlosxom's static rendering (which has some issues that may eventually drive me to switch to something else or roll my own). It auto-generates RSS and Atom feeds, so it costs me nothing to have both just in case someone prefers RSS or can't use Atom for some reason. I'm not sure I trust mypermissions.org any more than Facebook. Not even an "About" page or a FAQ page? Nothing explaining what they do, how it works, etc? Just click on a button with no explanation of what will happen? Sorry, but that rings all of my alarm bells. Not to mention that their solution to keeping apps from getting private info is...another app? Gluons also interact gravitationally, like anything with energy. So would any other hypothetical particle, since it would have to have energy to exist at all. Not only that, but Aaron seems to be skating perilously close to the position that admitting that you screwed up is, in itself, sufficient reason for you to be promoted. It's not. I'm not sure I understand the article's point. In the very first sentence, the author says: > Samsung too closely copied some elements of the Apple iPhone, and for that it should be hung up in the public square. But the rest of the article gives good arguments for why none of the Apple patents should have been granted in the first place, much less upheld in court. So why exactly should Samsung have been punished at all, then? He wasn't in California, he was working at an air base in Thailand as part of the war effort. Read the article before snarking. Tell me why we shouldn't demand devices that we can change, do whatever we please with? You can demand this all you want, as long as the only way you enforce your demand is by choosing what products to buy. But if you mean "demand" as in "make laws and regulations", as it's clear you do, then I disagree. When the interests of companies goes against the interests of the people, then we regulate. No, we buy something else or go without. At the end of the day, we're talking about smartphones and apps here. You do not need to have an iPhone. You do not need to have apps. If you don't like what's on offer, and all your efforts at persuasion fail, then, as I said, you buy something else or go without. For example, I can't stand the MPAA and RIAA. I've blogged repeatedly about their stupid, shortsighted business practices and their attempts to get draconian laws passed to emasculate general purpose computers. But I have no right to demand that they make their products the way I want them to, or else we'll get the government to regulate them. If they refuse to listen to reason, as they have, I simply buy something else or go without. Which means that I almost never buy music or movies now. I do not have an iPhone, or an iPad, or any other iDevice, and have no plans to buy one, for the same reason. Um, you're kidding, right? Of course the students are going to claim the exam wasn't fair; why would you believe them? (On reading the article linked to, the few specific exam questions that were described didn't seem to me to be unrelated to the course.) Also, even if the exam was "unrelated to the lectures", tough luck; they are paying a lot for a degree, on the understanding that the school makes the rules. If the school is being unfair, the correct response is not to cheat; it's to stop placing so much weight on a degree that really doesn't mean much. Finally, your suggested analogy between frivolous patents and a supposedely unfair exam is nonsense. The correct analogy would be between a business that ignores a patent because it is convinced the patent is unfounded and would not stand up to a court challenge, and an employer that ignores a C in Government from Harvard (for a job applicant who took the hit on an unfair exam rather than cheat) because it knows Harvard's grades are no longer an accurate reflection of a person's job potential. I never took any take-home exams when I was at MIT (1983-1988). Most of the in-class exams I took there, though, were open-book, open-notes, etc., so making them take-home would not have been too much of a change. (Someone upthread commented that a good take-home exam is much more difficult because the professor can assume you have access to all reference materials. That fits my experience with the open-book, open-notes MIT exams.) So your argument is basically, it's a dog-eat-dog world, so it's OK to cheat to get ahead? I see. I don't agree, but I see. (Also, it's laughable to suggest that Harvard students are stuck with minimum wage if they don't cheat on exams. We're talking about Harvard ; most employers won't even care what the applicant's GPA was.) > Everyone cheats. Well, yes, if you lump all the things you named together and call them all "cheating" without differentiating between them, yes, everyone "cheats". But I don't think everyone would agree that all the things you named should be lumped together. That's a subjective judgment, which means we probably won't get anywhere arguing about it--but see further comment below. > Successful people get used to knocking down the hurdles others endlessly throw at them, often unfairly. But the way you are putting it, anything I don't like or anything I don't want to comply with is just a "hurdle" that I'm justified in knocking down. By your logic, if I want my boss's job, it would be OK for me to murder him and then fill the vacant position; after all, he's just a "hurdle", right? Or if you don't think that would be OK, where do you draw the line? What principle lets me differentiate between things that are just "hurdles" that I'm allowed to knock down to be successful, and things that I'm not? > employ your own ethics system built around the Golden Rule Wouldn't this system forbid you from cheating? How does this square with the Golden Rule? Last I checked, that rule didn't say "I can break rules I don't like to get gold." > You're not getting gold, you're restoring fairness where the rule or law is unfair. But how do you know what's fair? More to the point, how do you know what all the other people, whom you're supposed to treat the way they themselves would like to be treated, think is fair? You've assumed that cheating on an exam which you believe to be unrelated to the course material is "fair"; how do you know all the other people who are affected by your action would agree? Also, I probably should have made it clearer at the outset that judging that something is "unfair" to you is highly subjective and prone to error. I do not really believe that the exams the Harvard students cheated on were "unfair"; I think the students were just too lazy to learn the material and then tried to weasel out of the consequences. But they themselves probably sincerely believe that the exam was unfair and unrelated to the course. The fact that so much was at stake makes their judgment that the exam was unfair quite different from, for example, my judgment that I know better than the people who put up speed limit signs what a "safe" speed is under the current driving conditions. See further comments below. > You get the gold by leveraging your renewed equal opportunity. Cheating doesn't give you "equal" opportunity; it gives you an extra opportunity that the people who don't cheat don't have. Whether that is actually "fair" is, as I said above, highly subjective, and it's very easy to judge wrongly if you have a strong personal stake in the outcome. That's why we have ethical norms that don't allow people to make such judgments unilaterally in cases where self-serving judgments are highly likely and have large consequences. Since I asked for a principle that distinguishes when it's OK to "cheat" and when it isn't, I should offer one of my own--actually two, following on from the above comments. I see at least two key differences between, for example, the case of exceeding speed limits, and the case of cheating on exams: (1) I can make a good case that I, driving my car on a particular road under particular conditions, can better judge what a safe speed is in that situation than lawmakers or regulators who just have very general rules for setting speed limits: I am there and they are not, and I'm the one who risks injury if I have an accident. So I have more information and am motivated to make good judgments. The case of students cheating on exams is opposite in these respects: the students do not have more information than the professor does, and they are highly motivated to make self-serving judgments about whether the exam is "fair", rather than accurate ones. (2) I gain no significant advantage over other drivers from speeding. I get where I'm going faster than I otherwise would, but that does not hinder any other driver from getting where they're going. There's no competitive element involved. In the case of students cheating on exams, there certainly is a competitive element; a student who cheats does not just gain an advantage, he takes away an advantage from others. So I would distinguish "cheating" that should be prohibited from infractions like speeding, by these two principles: the motivation for self-serving judgments, and the competitive element where one person gaining an advantage means others lose it. > The Golden Rule doesn't only demand that you treat others that way; it also demands that others treat you that way, which may require action on your part. I'm not sure the Golden Rule includes this, but that's an argument about terminology, not ethics. Basically, you're saying that you have to let other people know how you want to be treated. I agree with that general principle, but I'm not sure cheating accomplishes that purpose. Are the students who cheated at Harvard being treated more like they wanted to be treated because they cheated? > So when there's a draft, people should trust their leaders and submit to combat, not bothering to examine whether the war is just? Avoiding the draft is a good test case that we haven't considered yet. It certainly meets my second condition, that people have a strong motivation to make self-serving judgments instead of correct ones. It also may meet my first condition: citizens who judge that a war is unjust probably can't claim to have significant information that their political leaders do not. (In fact, the political leaders probably have information that the citizens do not.) However, I can see a third principle that this example brings out: does the other party in the case, the one which is being "cheated" (the government in the case of the draft, the professor in the case of the exam), also have a strong motivation to make self-serving judgments? Certainly that is the case for a draft: political leaders have all kinds of motivations to claim that a draft is justified when it isn't. So in this case I would agree with you that "cheating" might be justifiable. I'm not sure the case of cheating on exams meets this third condition, although it could be argued that professors do have motivations, if not to purposely make exams unfair, at least to not expend a lot of effort making them fair. But professors also have motivations to keep students coming to their school, for financial if no other reasons, which gives them an incentive to expend effort to make classes and exams fair. > The norms should be used only as a guideline for your own judgement, lest you become someone's pawn. I don't disagree with this, but "your own judgment" is not infallible either. That's why I have been trying to find some principles that can help guide one's judgment. You appear to agree with this general idea, since you too draw a distinction between justified "cheating" and unjustified cheating. Your definition of "unjustified" is "if it's to unfairly gain an advantage over others", but that merely postpones the problem: what counts as "unfairly" gaining an advantage? That's what I've been trying to get a handle on. > I'm a bit biased. I had a professor who informed his classes, after the drop deadline, that Wow. In that situation I would certainly agree that the professor was being egregiously unfair. I'm glad that complaining at least got him demoted, but the school should also have corrected the grades of everyone who was affected--I'm guessing they didn't since you didn't mention it. > If you view the economy as a zero sum game, which might hold true, but only if you include the entire universe in your economic model This is the best way of putting this point I have ever seen. And you would do this how? You can't eliminate corporations altogether. Corporations don't magically come into existence as a result of evil forces. People create them in order to get something done. Sometimes the something is good, sometimes it's not. Y Combinator is a corporation. You also can't eliminate the human desire to rent-seek. You can constrain it, but you can't eliminate it. And it's there just as much in a government as it is in a corporation. > You basically said that US, in general, is a good guy and therefore it's justified in doing illegal, immoral things and then hunting down those who expose this behavior. That's not what he said. He said the US is, on balance, less immoral than the dictatorial regimes he named. Yet those other regimes don't get the scrutiny the US does. > If the USA does not have the level of human rights abuses of say china, does that give them a free pass? No, but it means that if your goal is to fix human rights, you're going to get a lot more "bang for the buck" going after China than going after the USA.