Great resource, thanks. But oh man, typography, character sets, CSS3...you are going to have a lot of frustrated developers scrolling through this. :) Not many have a good handle on all three of those AND functional programming, and you know lots of people measure themselves against these lists... I'm a designer who periodically works with ThemeForest themes for my clients. The problem with most of the themes is that they look good but you realize how badly they really work only when you attempt to adapt a site to them. I believe the author's current design is clean, functional, and honest. It won't win any awards, sure. There are some immediate issues with design elements needing a bit more space in which to live. But IMO the most improvement the author can make right now is to improve the book cover. That is practically lost territory compared to the rest of the site's large text and easily-followed bullet points. I recognized the image to the left as a book cover only on my third website view. That's sort of difficult to compare, because you're paying by milestones, but you probably didn't get estimated by milestone, e.g. "if we make it to the 3rd milestone you owe us this much." Your vendor is probably assuming you want all milestones completed. This reminds me of a company I worked for that had a compulsory MSN Messenger log-in policy. Nobody was using it for messaging, but we were required to log in so that management could tell when we were idle/not idle. During my 2 week notice period, the head IT guy started chatting with me and mentioned that the only thing they weren't monitoring was in fact the chat messages sent via MSN Messenger. It was a beautiful two-edged sword and we had lots of fun conversations before I left. I really enjoyed reading that--especially the poem at the end (I remember mentally rolling my eyes the first time I read it, thinking the message was self-evident. But in this context it's just wonderful). I do wish this sort of message could be part of an effective, formulaic prescription that could be doled out to web surfers who are suffering. "Depressed about things? Just keep scrolling down...watch this TED talk, heed this advice, read this article..." My friend who surfs the web all day and who tells me he has his suicide all planned out--I wish he could stumble on these things more often. Maybe instead of a "CSS Site of the Day Award" badge there could be a "Contemplating Suicide?" badge... Another example, I wish I had learned before I became a film major that imagery is powerful, and that our brains can confuse on-screen trauma with real trauma. I suffered needlessly--and that sounds ridiculous and maybe funny, thinking about a film major with wide eyes wondering just what he signed up for--but I watched things that I will never forget, and that have become part of a mental burden I work to release now that I'm a bit more experienced in discerning what I can and can't handle. I guess it pains me to think that while there are things we can do to ease others' pain, there are many extremely simple, almost thoughtless ways by which that existential depression worsens. Watch the wrong film. Read the wrong book. Make the wrong song lyric your mantra. (Wrong...well, maybe inappropriate is a better term; something that takes into account one's personal state) Traditions, cultures, microcultures...transcending that sort of thing is harder than most people realize, and certainly doesn't happen on autopilot. > It isn't as pretty as GA. I know this is petty and that its themeable but the UI was important to me. I explored this too--it turns out that they make money off of the design of custom Piwik UIs for sale. A site license for their white-labeling plugin costs just under 2,000 euro. Now draw a Venn diagram of the people who read the license vs. the people who contact this developer for support >Do I still need a graduate degree in category theory to write to a file? No. > Will I need a graduate degree in category theory to parse the next paragraph in this article? Oh. Um wait, define web developer for me again? I contacted them directly. I visited the site; it's really nice but four s between paragraphs in the summary looks pretty strange. Seems like it might be their system because when I click "Continue," the awkward spacing goes away. Anyway, looking forward to reading more. There's a good amount of platform distrust with Neocities, too, in that it has the feel of a sandbox and gives off the scent of "may go through some awkward growing pains." But what a great idea. Hope it gains traction. Exactly. Once you get any sort of marketing itch, or design itch (wait until the next set of trends really hit home and Medium is caught out), or IA or UX itch, you are going to wonder how much you could have done on your own by now. What was a waste of time about using Jekyll? How much time was wasted? And what is a "dummy" blog? I've never used Jekyll, just curious. I have a friend who attempted to sign up for online therapy via email but was turned down during the intake process because he admitted to having suicidal thoughts. This was a few years ago, so I'm not sure if the landscape has changed much, but he was pretty excited about trying it out and pretty disappointed he would have to get out and push himself to visit a typical brick-and-mortar (? :-) therapist. I discussed the suicidal tendencies a friend had in another comment in-thread, but do you know why it is considered worse than in-person treatment for severe illness? Certainly the friction of online contact is lower for people who generally avoid personal/social contact, which I thought would be a good thing / possibly help otherwise incapacitated people get started. A friend who is a very experienced therapist told me that "10 Days to Self Esteem" was, despite the awful title, the book she recommended most. It contains a testing/evaluation method you can use to evaluate yourself without setting foot in a therapist's office, and functions more like a workbook. Seems pretty cool except I don't want to give the idea here that people should avoid the therapist. As a freelancer, I really appreciated this article. While I know what a startup is, in my actual working experience, a "startup" is often some variant of "the SaaS thing my best client's worst employee wanted us to switch to last month." Otherwise we'd be using the proper name of the business without any regard for whether they are a startup or a farming collective or a couple of floating brains in a sealed chamber. I have also had experiences where I say "I'm a freelancer" and watch peoples' mouths drop open. They think I'm basically Peter Parker without the Spiderman, living on the cheap without a single concern for the future. The truth is a bit of an improvement on that. I pay for monthly consults with a former SV tech executive & INTJ engineer, who helps my inner INTJ learn and grow into a better salesman, marketer, team leader, and negotiator. While most of my stuff is building web things for people, I get a variety of work from traditional illustration to music to 3D modeling. I support a wife and three kids, and we take vacations regularly. I'm not wealthy by any stretch, but people who visit my rental say it's pretty big for NorCal and I get to work in a backyard office with a nice skylight. And every one of my big clients has an IT guy who actually trusts me with their web stuff. Having worked in IT in the past, that's a big deal to me. Someday maybe I'll do something different, but I've been freelancing full-time for almost ten years now, and I've never had a bad year or even a hard year. I don't miss free bagels & juice or XM radio and I definitely don't miss anything that looks like it came from the food section of an office supply store. I don't distrust startups, but I have absolutely no reason to be interested in working for one. The part you mention as difficult took me 5 years to get comfortable with--as in, "ready to start thinking about buying a house as a full-time freelancer." If you are a serious freelancer who wants to make a go of it as a lifestyle, you are selling a result (e.g. beautiful website, better search rankings, lovely illustrations). So when somebody calls you and says, "we are looking for a freelancer," you start to realize that maybe they want some sort of staff auxiliary rather than a result, and they won't respect your boundaries like other clients, and you learn to ask them if they can pay $150/hr. just so you can test the waters. You might even try to recommend that they dial up a college student and see what they do. I did this last week with a furniture company that was about to pay me $600/week for an hour-long meeting and maybe 1-2 hours of web design work. Sooner or later they'd realize they don't need my skill set, and I don't really want direct furniture sales in my portfolio. My job is just to help them out. Lots of long-term freelancers will drop the hourly stuff ASAP too. In this way you'll get freelancers who say, "my favorite client pays me $500/hr. for web design," and they're really just saying they bill by the project. But go talk to those clients--they're typically very happy and feel like they've got a real solution on their hands. >A major motivation for me to move out of consultancy is to make money while I'm sleeping. Actually quite a few consultants and freelancers do this. I've been making money while sleeping, as a freelancer, for the last 5 years. It's actually my favorite part of what I do, and I have an advisor who helps me figure it out as I go along. Perhaps a startup is just another vehicle for pursuing this dream that is better suited to you. There really is that annoying "freelancer???" thing, but I think it's really just a matter of the other party's experience & education. Business consultant. Former tech exec and JPL engineer. He has a pretty interesting past and I'm lucky to have found him. > What's your model, if you don't mind me asking? Retainers, support agreements, platform hosting, template sales, and some simple SaaS stuff. And I just barely became an Amazon associate/affiliate now that one of my apps is picking up traffic, but we'll see how that goes vs. other types of advertising. >Intrigued. If you don't mind me asking, what does he teach you? The most important one has been "tolerating others and, optimally, succeeding with them" since I can be pretty stubborn and defensive when I meet with, say, a big-E social media consultant. I will typically tell my consultant, "hey, I don't know what type of person this is but I need to figure out how to work with them better." The consultant asks me some questions and nails it pretty quick. The tough part is that he isn't easy on me--he is usually sympathetic to the person in question and tells me how I can get my act together. :-) The next most important has been "homing in on others' needs" as I used to really put my tech blinders on and assume that everyone would want solution X. So, more listening, more following up with surveys, etc. After that, I often ask him, "I need somebody to help me with X" so he'll point out that I'm looking for an ISTJ or whatever it may be. In fact we recently went over this for some troubles I was having, and it turned out the MBTI type I needed was my wife :-) So that problem disappeared pretty quickly. Surprisingly I've told quite a few people about this guy's MBTI skillset, and the fact that he's certified, and they are extremely skeptical to the point of saying, "well I don't believe in that pseudo-scientific stuff, but thanks anyway." I think it's mostly awkward because this guy's an engineer; his dad was an expert on ceramic heat shields, and he's done a LOT of work & research to arrive at something that works. But some people who should know better just don't want to listen. > and, well, this is not an area where I want to compete on price. Definitely not, since you are local to them, you speak their language, you can be there to work on their stuff, and you are part of their network which they can hit up to find other useful people. I have several friends who run local IT businesses or do IT freelancing. One thing I've noticed is that it's very easy for them to make enough for their needs by maintaining systems, but they all understand that it's optimal to be seen as a profit-builder. When I was doing freelance IT work (for a short period while my web stuff built up) I noticed that I could often do cursory research on the fields my clients worked in, and easily pitch them on things that would help them out. For example, I would say, "hey, have you seen this new CRM software for non-profits" and "hey have you seen that this web hosting firm offers free hosting for non-profits" and I'd build projects off of that--rolling in a system upgrade, doing in-person training, etc. If I were to go back to that today, I'd make sure they knew that they needed to pay me an extra $ monthly to support the new cool thing. People are used to that and want to invest in profit-makers. Both sides benefit. One thing I can highly recommend is giving your clients "good, better, best" estimates. For example tell them, "I can fix it with duct tape for $, I can keep this from happening again for $$, and I can hook up this cool new solution called X for $$$." You might be surprised how many clients will go straight for the top. The clients who always stick around the bottom will become more obvious about it, and you'll learn to work with them more effectively, too. I pay him. Although the first time we met he told me his goal was to make me 10x his fees back in profits and he accomplished that pretty handily. :) Hmm..this might be enough to get me to try Ruby. Looks neat and I've been wanting to learn the language. I hate dependency plumbing but this looks like it might work out of the (my) box. Back in the 1990s there used to be computer magazine ads for this. The ads included spaces for you to hand-write various letters and numbers. Anybody remember that? Mail it in and they mail you back a font. Right now the publicity--the "Yahoo! is doing something new and interesting and helpful" is exactly what I'd want to see as a shareholder. And as an employee. And as someone with a Yahoo! login. Keep in mind that Yahoo's old enemy at this point is the idea that they are doing nothing new, nothing interesting. This feeling is what necessitates the acqui-hires and leads to new CEOs and low stock prices. Man, how do people do stuff like that in Excel? And does it feel like a design problem that's a good fit for Excel? Just curious. Me too. I use Machform and love that it's not tied to WordPress, because I use ProcessWire most of the time. WordPress...sigh AROS is an Amiga thing, right? What makes you want to run that in 2013? Just wondering what I may have missed, as a former Amiga owner. What machine do you run Ubuntu on, or is it in a VM? What do you like about 13.04? I have it on a machine here but I mostly do 3D animation work on it, and don't really interact much with the Ubuntu-ness. "I don't have to answer that." They can't compel you to answer, but good luck landing that job. Who specified that either one of those conditions was true? If it's an example, let's be honest: If the employer is not desperate they may not respond well to being told that their question didn't pass muster. Real people who are struggling to find work are asked these questions, and real people are being discriminated against by not answering. If I understand this correctly, the guy who started Oakley (eyewear) went on to start RED (the 4K digital movie camera). Now he is bowing out and handing the reins over to a younger guy. And he is annoyed that people get annoyed with him. Anything else I should know? > Shadow profiles of me are showing up on services I'd never use willingly because my friend shared their address book with Facebook. Is that really so bad? The worst I've seen is "this is a picture of John" which is not an abuse that's limited to social networks. And if this happens really often, you can complain to your friend about it. And if you can't complain to your friend, you can complain to abuse. And if abuse doesn't do anything (not likely) you can send a legal notice. To jump from "a friend can mention me, talk about me, etc." to "there is no privacy anymore" is...well, I just can't get there, sorry. Do we have privacy problems? Yes. Are these examples really selling that? No. I can't remember any case in which a friend sold me out for a trinket; if you do have a common example, cite it. That would really help us all here. I'm just beginning to learn about scraping--how common is it for companies (even those with junk APIs or none at all) to take these sorts of actions against scrapers? Division with Roman numerals being a nightmare was not obvious to me. That was my first friction point here :-) > There was a time when numbers like "4/5", "-2", "0", and "√5" made people freak out because we didn't have the symbols to represent them Who freaked out, and how could they freak out if they could not behold these numbers in the first place (i.e. no symbolic representations)? > without drawing a shape that somehow encoded that number Recommend you use "represented that number" because encoding has a strong, separate type of meaning to me. > Now, pop quiz: how do you represent something like "0" or "-2" in this world? If you were a Roman using Roman numerals, how would you represent "4/5"? For "0" I would have made an empty box, out of strings if necessary. For the -2 I would have placed two of the strings in a different location. For the Roman numeral conundrum I would have placed IV and then a line and then a V below that. Now, I just solved your conundrums. Or didn't I? To really speak to beginners it's important to delve into this stuff. So far I have not discovered why our number system is so great, and I don't feel like I'm freaking out about anything in particular. :-) Thanks for your writeup, though. I hope you can turn it into a book for people like me. --Designer guy who is not super great at math > Of course, one downside is that it’s not ideal for people with families. Some of the best people I’ve ever worked with have kids, and unfortunately wouldn’t be able to do this. I have a friend who travels the world with his kids. I'm sure it takes a bit more organization, and they aren't exactly jumping here and there every other week, but man, how I envy those kids. Two thoughts: I'd love it if there was a website or book that discussed these big websites' workings in depth. Not just "here's this cool thing we built and an interview with the tech lead" but "here's how authors enter content" to "here are the problems we encountered while templating" to "here's what we wish we had built-into our software stack". Secondly, a couple years ago I went directly to a "we are really good at Django" web host to try learning Django, but the amount of plumbing required was really annoying. I asked a Django-using acquaintance to send me his documentation on deploying Django-driven apps on this host, and I received a four-page Word document packed to the gunnels with instructions. :-/ I really want to try out Django though so I guess I'll swallow my pride. That "blueprint" in the video is pulled right out of thin air. Sort of the pinnacle of the "we live in a scientific world and I don't know science so I'm making this up as an excuse for my intuition" thing. Sure it does. Similar to roman characters--you can see the green button at lower left is using a sans-serif font. > and now I know not to trust you. Was that part really necessary? How basic, and what qualifies as research? http://thinkinghard.com/blog/AmateurTheoreticalScience.html > In recent times, science has become very professionalised. Many of the steps in the list above serve specifically to maintain high professional standards. For example, step 5 – complete a Ph.D. – is a way of measuring an individual's likelihood of making significant contributions to scientific knowledge. Ah, so that was a response to the commenter's "trust me" remark. Perhaps "why should I trust you over some thousands of grad students," but it's difficult to gauge the amount of thought or research the commenter puts into "trust me," which is thrown around pretty liberally in modern English. When a friend says, "trust me, don't drink the water," and clearly his experience with water was not representative, if you want to keep the friend you're probably better off addressing it as a water quality issue instead of a trust issue. I'd say let the trust subject pass, and probably also save vocabulary like "utterance" for your enemies, or people wearing sith lord halloween costumes, etc. "You [use a highlighter and] break the whole article down into two or three or four or thirty-two sub articles that are basically ideas...and this looks like a regress, but it's only a finite regress, because you this gigantic article and you break it down into a group of simpler, more obvious points, and you keep going until you arrive at the end, and that's a great way of reading about cognitive science without wanting to stab yourself." Will we get to the point where people will be giving the finger to anyone not in a self-driving car, because it messes with e.g. optimum traffic flow? Well, opening the door to view the awesome forest fire in the distance is probably inconvenient. Plus you know...the billboard lobby ;-) I've been forcing myself to use it, but not in an unhealthy way. I just picked up a side project that excited me (new subdomain blog driven by a static site generator) and decided I'd only work on it in Vim. I'm learning lots, because that's all I've got to work with. But I think it's important to consider the circumstances under which you "force" yourself to use it. If I had decided to use it for work, I calculated that I would have lost $300 this week, which is painful even if I earn back more in saved time later. I actually did that with Linux, and the initial loss of efficiency was more than offset later by a functional knowledge of a variety of really cool software packages. This is so true. I was wondering if the service makes avatars for you (if so, what do they look like?), stores them for you (if so, how many at what cost?), or if it sorts them for you, finds them for you, etc. As a graphic designer who clicked: Darn. Is there any imagery or video available that shows the white-hot glow happening? China has a bunch of "UAV" versions of their J-6. Pretty cool looking without a cockpit. http://i.imgur.com/B9yXf.jpg I see a bunch of dark missiles. Where is the glowing white one? If you rethink the description/title, you'll probably be inclined rethink the way you write the articles themselves. It makes me wonder if we'll see a change from "good writing" to "quick, digestible nuggets of information served without nuance" that's even more striking than the current content landscape. When Google makes strong decisions like this, it really opens up the playing field to others who have different ideas and may not even need to court advertisers. I thought this was going to be about all the sites on Tumblr that read like the copy was finalized on a napkin, make you hunt for tiny navigation arrows, and yet end up being full of some pretty cool stuff that shows up in Google results. Edit: It's still kind of a cool idea anyway. I recently contacted a guy about his Perl-driven site to ask him how the plumbing worked, just because it looked like it was still going strong based on code that was written in 1995 and maintained to this day. There's something cool and comforting about seeing sites that aren't powered by Node or Wintersmith or some other zippy new thing--especially if they have become really popular for some reason or another. Great. I really hope that like 100% of jerk drivers do not find out about this. Never let people merge in front of you...geez man, really? Trigger alert: Experiments on animals > OSS probably made me a humbler developer, too. I know what it means patching even small portions of code and I’m less harsh when posting bugs on others’ repositories. That's definitely going to spill over into his day-to-day life, looking at my own experience. And such behavior does make you a better person. Agreed. Thank you for writing stuff I agree with. I wish he could have given better examples of this phenomenally performant system-oriented mindset. I came away with more questions than answers, the biggest question being "why can't we substitute one extremely general term (system) with, say, an amalgam of three descriptive ones?" Yeah, not sure why it's not throwing a bunch of jQuery errors in the console Those stools...where do you put your knees?? Very nice to see a blog post with this headline that isn't full of sarcasm or finger-wagging or self praise. It was a good reminder to me that positive messages, simply put, are worth the little time it takes to write them. I need to keep more of my own rants in my drafts folder. :-) Thanks Guido! Same question here. I hit all kinds of keys and didn't see any difference. The author has been writing his honest feelings about things for years. He has gained a lot of trust for doing that. It's not spam, it's a product review by a guy who is known for being honest and generally a good person. For artists and designers it's also important to see reviews by actual artists and designers rather than people who may not have been compensated for their reviews and only review published specifications and an hour of light, purposeless mixed use. So Ionic is big on AngularJS...is AngularJS pretty hard to learn? It seems complicated. Say if my only framework experience was a few blogs with Python and PHP frameworks plus some average JS & jQuery experience. What a great article. I loved the Chinese idiom too (or whatever you call those four-character things). It's funny, I was watching a video on this today: http://www.wimp.com/getfit/ That made me feel a bit more realistic about life. :-) When you say, "WTF is happening," are you asking if there is some new and unique DDOS situation underway? I couldn't tell if that was the case (or if this is a pretty typical daily graph) just by looking at the linked site. >> if programmers don't > Every single part of that statement is false. Your programmers should be Uhh...you're saying they "should be worrying" and he's saying they don't have to be. Those are not mutually exclusive positions. > As far as more features being helpful when you use them and harmless when you don't, well, that's inaccurate too Second time you made a statement after this fashion--I see the pattern. Your position is that Spolsky is not allowed to write about things that other people do that are wrong. > So no, I don't think bloatware is a "mental health problem". I think it's a real issue Pretty sure Spolsky feels that way too! What an argument. >>Google says - no can do, you can not be anonymous with us. Where does Google say that? Is it as direct as you put it, or is it to be inferred from a constantly changing variety of experiences with Google services and settings? >> The solution is not to read absolutely no news at all. A question: What makes you think so? I've gone months and years at a time without reading any news; it's a fantastic feeling, and if something is really important you'll hear about it from a friend. Just as "read less HN" may not be applicable to everyone, "you should probably keep reading the news" may not apply to others, or at least others may have had positive experiences quitting the consumption of news media. Scary, I know ;-) I use (hourly) both regular GMail and apps for domains, and I haven't noticed anything like that. A minute to open an email seems like it would be really noticeable, too. Jamiroquai but no Incognito? How do these people sleep at night? ;-) VLC can do many neat things, but I never, ever saw it as a replacement for Winamp. It's more like a toolkit, or at least the multi-tool you fall back on to do a variety of things. Just got it running with the D-Reliction skin using Wine in Ubuntu. Then the first song it picks on shuffle is all, "numa numa yey"...haha, man, I'll bet they've had so many downloads today. lol I ended up seeing a lot of glitches too, to the point where the player buttons stopped responding. I might still run it in a Windows VM. The lite version seems OK though. One of the key "all is well" arguments here seems to be that Google could lose a significant chunk of search/ad market share by losing Firefox to Bing. Are there any "danger, danger" arguments that directly address the amount Google spends on Firefox in relation to the market share it gains in return? This TNW article seems keen to point out that Firefox is wearing a shiny pair of handcuffs, but conveniently leaves out the other half of the equation. This coverage is going to get him more than 8KE worth of blog visitors. Particularly the "hey, this little blogger was sharp enough to uncover some real weird stuff on the part of SG" angle. Blog readers eat that up. By "little blogger" I don't mean to compare him to other bloggers. I meant that he's little in comparison to French banks. That was really fun to read and consider. >> We can produce a vision of the web that isn’t based on: consolidation privatization power hierarchies surveillance Is our current vision of the web really based on those things? Crazy to think about. What is it about this quote that makes you feel it should be cited throughout future history? Just curious. Media reports relying on materials that Snowden leaked should credit him by name within the first two paragraphs, and he should get credits against potential U.S. jail time for every article of this kind published to mass media. I don't like that millions are reading headlines and going, "holy cow whoa geez" and lining up their political thinking accordingly, without ever knowing that Snowden, completely locked out of the U.S. or any western country at this point is the one who provided the information in question. The buried story here is that somebody is running e17 and there's no screenshot of the memory analyzer UI doing a backflip. I'm familiar with some similar situations here in California. Families where codependency somehow pulls everyone together despite struggling under the yoke of alcoholism, mental illness, early pregnancies, physical and sexual abuse by various in-laws and other distant relatives, etc. You can pull the children away from the parents, but all of the teaching remains and the children go on to slide into the same situations. Those who get out of the cycle (which actually happens more often than I expected) seem to need every resource that their communities provide, just to stay afloat. The author of the article seems upset at the city government for their finger-wagging approach toward forcing the homeless along some path to success, and I would just add that when winter comes around and people still aren't moving up your ramp to success, it's time to err on the side of charity. https://wiki.theory.org/YourLanguageSucks Other groups of people who are "set upon from all sides": The poor, members of minority groups, politicians, attorneys...well actually this list keeps on going. My Hardest Kick (dolflundgren.com) The Stasi perfected the technique, but that doesn't mean that anybody who uses it is on par with the Stasi. Psyching people out is natural human behavior. Heck, even Arnold Schwarzenegger figured out that stealing Mike Katz' lucky shirt before a competition might take off a few points. Applebaum is probably less worried about his stuff being moved around to harass him and more worried about obtaining new computer hardware and a new place to live at this point. I really doubt that the main purpose of this attack was harassment. >You cite that guy as some kind of super centered human? Where did I do that? >And you tell us it's not harrassment... just astonishing. Just no. Again you misread me. It may be harassment, but what was my point about harassment? Read again please. > if use of the technique (and similar) is why the Stasi is as maligned as it is, then surely using the technique does put you on par? So, if the Stasi does something, and it is the reason they are maligned, and I do the same thing at all to any degree, you're saying I'm on par with the Stasi? Please help me understand your sentence. >What would it take to put you on par then? Well, let's back up and look at the sport of golf, where the term "par" is commonly used. If I play the game, I'm golfing. Does that put me on par with Tiger Woods? No. In order to be on par with Tiger Woods, I need to be right up there matching Tiger Woods. The argument that the _use of a technique_ puts the invaders (whoever they are) on par with the Stasi is fallacious. If you want to use hyperbole, go ahead. But don't claim it's logical just because it feels good. > Is there any evidence there ever will be? Yeah, I think the story was posted here recently. They signed somebody but can't say who it is yet, just that they're "big". There were some hints that the appeal had to do with Android being a big deception built around the "open" concept. As a mostly-hobbyist 3D artist, I'm already feeling really left out when I look at my relatively poor GPU vs. the capabilities of the rendering software that I use. If this fever has already started to seep down to my level, I certainly wouldn't predict against continued growth of the GPU computing world. I thought this post by the developer of Cheetah3D for Mac was interesting: http://www.cheetah3d.com/forum/showpost.php?p=79977&postcoun... He's basically dumbfounded by the current situation :-) ------------- SEEKING WORK - Based in Northern California ------------- Marc Carson Email: marc[at]marccarson[dot]com Skype: friendlyskies Web Work: http://www.marccarson.com/portfolio Illustration & GFX: http://www.flickr.com/photos/porkfriedrice Other Creative Projects: http://www.friendlyskies.net ------------- Web Design / Light Development / Illustration Currently scheduling one to two months out ------------- Specialties: ProcessWire CMS Builds CMS Builds for Small- to Medium-Sized Businesses Visual Design (Including Responsive Design, CSS Work) Logo Design Typography Illustration Semantic HTML5 and SEO work Responsive Support Video Training for Business Staff ------------ About Me: I have been building websites since 1996. I love the way a strong, lightweight CMS turns a website into a platform for integrating all sorts of fun ideas and technologies. I estimate that I have helped create 25 new jobs in the past 5 years by building custom CMS workflows that help my clients move their marketing and business tasks online. Most of my clients like keeping me in a webmaster role, as I am a strong generalist and can suggest and manage third-party resources where needed. I am an award-winning "full-stack artist", draw and design like an animal, and get high marks for aesthetic design work from my clients. I'm also a former college-level instructor, and my clients like the way I give friendly, helpful support. If you need strong visual design with strong thinking behind it, from someone who is technically-minded and can contribute with code as needed, that's my sweet spot. It seems like the "from around the world" part isn't really up and running yet. I expected to see some of my local SF Bay Area ISPs on the map, but it's only showing some European ISPs right now. Further I wondered what the qualifications for DIY might be--individual-level shared networks or the typical small business thing? Next I wondered why it was so important to know about FDN attending some conference, vs. spending more time explaining in basic terms what they do and what they plan to do. Anyway, seems like a neat idea. Does sync really work well for you? I had crazy problems syncing Tomboy in the past, but that was ~4 years ago. That's exactly what I do. I go through lots of Miquelrius notebooks like this one: http://www.amazon.com/Miquelrius-Wirebound-Notebook-6-Subjec... I use Freemind sometimes, too, for example when I have a huge project in front of me and I need to get a quick sense of the various parts and their sub-tasks. I apply little icons like a bomb with a lit fuse for "waiting on client", green checkmark for "done," etc. I've never paid that much for one, but if a local store sold them I'd be more than happy to oblige. They are very thick as notebooks go, so I get a lot of use out of them. I know what you mean about the pen thing, too :-) I review pens and pencils from time to time on my personal site: http://www.friendlyskies.net/category/stationery/ My concern is more along the lines of a sudden injection of tons of energy causing the CentOS ecosystem some extreme growing pain. That could filter down to individual service providers' servers becoming less reliable or even just needing more frequent attention, which would be painful enough.