Webkit is LGPL, Chrome is based on Webkit, and the entire OS is built around Chrome. It's also speculated that their "new window system" is built on DirectFB which is LGPL. It makes a nice story, but I think a black triangle moment is something programmers should strive to avoid. Progress should be incremental and visible as much as possible and the system as a whole should always be in a working and testable state. Working on something for weeks before getting it into a testable state is a surefire recipe for an over-designed system with superfluous features and long debugging sessions. Turns out software isn't like buildings. Buildings can't be refactored during construction, nor do their requirements change halfway through. Developing software incrementally requires diligence in refactoring to keep the code clean, but development goes faster despite the "extra" refactoring time and the end product is better for it. Every week you can't show visible progress to a customer is a week your code drifts farther from their actual desires. The feedback loop is essential to writing good software. It may be difficult to achieve at times but it should always be our goal. Just look where the money is: they didn't list stats for ad clicks but I'm willing to bet IE6 users click more than their share of ads, and Firefox users less. In your example there are ways to do development incrementally. You could generate some files that only use a tiny subset of the features of Parasolid, in only one version. Once you have that working you can add feature and version support incrementally guided by your customer's priorities, which they might not even be aware of themselves but can easily be found by testing your code on a sampling of their most important files. Your incremental progress is loading of files with progressively more features, closer to your customer's files. It might turn out that you can avoid implementing every version and feature of the format, and it's much easier, faster, and more accurate to figure this out by testing working code than trying to write a spec ahead of time. I prefer the analogy posted by norkakn on reddit: http://www.reddit.com/r/programming/comments/90tge/hey_rprog... L1 - There is a sandwich in front of you. L2 - Walk to the kitchen and make a sandwich RAM - Drive to the store, purchase sandwich fixings, drive home and make sandwich HD - Drive to the store. Purchase seeds. Grow seeds..... .... ... Harvest lettuce, wheat, etc. Make sandwich. One better: OpenGL in Firefox via Canvas: http://blog.vlad1.com/2007/11/26/canvas-3d-gl-power-web-styl... I'd argue that most simple UI animations are in fact presentational, not behavioral. One of the nice things about defining animations declaratively in CSS instead of procedurally in Javascript is that browsers will have control over the implementation. Your browser could easily have a "no animations" mode, or selectively disable certain animation types. Browsers can implement animations much more efficiently if they don't have to call Javascript every frame, and they can also separate animation from whatever else the page is doing; animations could be slowed or stopped in background tabs or low-battery situations while the page's Javascript continues running. Everyone is focused on this removal of the null check by the compiler, but to me that's a red herring. The real bug is the fact that SELinux allows you to map memory to address 0! Fix that and this is much less serious. GCC's code isn't incorrect. As per the C standard, after you've dereferenced a NULL pointer then all behavior is undefined. If GCC emitted code that launched ICBMs after a NULL pointer dereference, that wouldn't violate the spec either. The real WTF here is that people are still building "secure" software in a language where programmer mistakes cause undefined behavior... I'll grant you that OWA does work in Opera (and other non-IE browsers) but it really sucks compared to the IE version. Perhaps you've never tried it in IE; if so then you don't know what you're missing. Thankfully, Exchange 2010 will finally bring full OWA support to non-IE browsers. http://www.robichaux.net/blog/2009/04/exchange-2010-owa.php I've always thought a YouTube jukebox would be a good idea. If this gets popular, though, there's no question it will be shut down, if not by the RIAA then by YouTube itself. My feedback: needs more AJAX. Clicking items in the interface like "friends" or "music" shouldn't reload the page and stop the playing song. Also, get rid of modal dialogs. (For example, when adding a song or playlist, give it a default name instead of asking for a name in a modal dialog.) Also, don't ask for my real name up front; wait until later. You should budget for your free service under the assumption that people will create multiple accounts. Then you should allow merging multiple free accounts into one paid account to provide a tempting upgrade path for multiple-account people, who after all are among your most dedicated users. If you can detect multiple-account people then you can advertise the account-combining feature to them directly. I guess you and I have different conceptions of what's "perfectly sufficient". My guess is that GCC's dead code warning is produced in a pass that runs before the optimizer and isn't smart enough to prove the code is dead. A "radical" new router? Perhaps a more apropos 80s adjective would be "tubular"? edit: OK, HN doesn't like puns? Good to know. I don't think it takes any faith to say that a sufficiently precise simulation of the physical characteristics of the brain would produce output similar to that of a real brain. To the contrary; saying otherwise would require faith in new physics (some sort of "spiritual energy"?) that we have no evidence for at this time. 30M synapses * 2^28 ~= 10P synapses That's 56 years of Moore's law. I think you're right that they'll have to do something other than scale up. Luckily there's room for tons of optimization, especially if your goal is an AI instead of a medically accurate simulation of the brain. Simulations like Blue Brain will reveal the key features of neurons as they relate to computations performed by the brain. That will allow us to drastically simplify future brain models without losing accuracy, possibly even wiring them directly into hardware. I think it's plausible that this approach could yield a humanlike AI within 20-30 years. The technology to end humanity is already here (nuclear and soon biological weapons). In the long run superhuman AI may be the only thing that can prevent us from destroying ourselves. Even if it were desirable, stopping the advance of technology is impractical. If superhuman AI is possible, it will be built. A more practical argument would be that superhuman AI should be strictly controlled, though advancing technology will eventually make that difficult too. The only solution in the long (really long) term is for us to become superhuman ourselves and attempt to preserve the things we find important in the transition. What's broken is the C preprocess/compile/link process. C needs to get a modern module system and ditch the antiquated preprocessor and linker. It is possible to do strace-like stuff on Windows too as evidenced by Process Monitor. http://technet.microsoft.com/en-us/sysinternals/bb896645.asp... If scanning atimes is too slow or unreliable, perhaps fabricate could be updated to use procmon? I doubt you could make the border smaller than a pixel; pixels are tiny these days. Having worked with display walls in the past, even a 1-pixel border between displays is really distracting, to the point where I'd rather just use the 2 displays separately as in a normal dual-head setup. If you really need a borderless display the way to do it is with a projector. You can seamlessly combine projectors to create a display as big as you want. Normally the projected images are overlapped a few pixels on each side and blended together to cover up alignment issues. I'm certain this is how they make that enormous display that towers behind Steve Jobs during his keynotes at Moscone Center. If you're interested in joining the displays from multiple computers together, check out http://code.google.com/p/synergy-plus/ . It's like VNC in reverse. Also, X Windows theoretically allows moving running application windows from one device to another but I don't think any implementations really support it. Basically, if this thing is for real, it's the most important invention since the transistor. It completely replaces batteries in every application with better performance in almost every dimension at lower size, weight, and cost. It's quite likely that the EEStor guys are fraudsters or crackpots, but it's fun just to think about the possibilities such a device would unlock. Cheap electric cars! Phones that charge in 10 seconds! Rechargeable batteries that never need replacing! The American cultural thing you're missing is that it's now considered gauche to brag about how you don't watch TV, even if it's true. For a while not owning a TV was fashionable; now there's a stereotype of "goody-two-shoes" people who go out of their way to avoid watching TV and brag about it repeatedly to anyone who will listen. Here's a specific technology that's going to be a huge boon to robotics in the next 5-10 years: Flash LIDAR cameras. This is the technology behind the XBox 360's "Project Natal", but it's a lot more than a game controller. A Flash LIDAR camera directly senses the distance to every object seen by the camera by measuring the time-of-flight of a reflected laser pulse. With accurate distance data for every pixel a lot of really hard computer vision problems suddenly become much, much eaiser. It could not possibly be more clear that these statutory damages are excessive. How could any court fail to rule that a $600,000 fine (let alone $2 million!) to an individual for non-commercial copyright infringement violates the eighth amendment to the constitution? "Excessive bail shall not be required, nor excessive fines imposed , nor cruel and unusual punishments inflicted." Hopefully the defending lawyers in these cases can stop pissing off their judges long enough to make this blindingly obvious argument. IANAL either, but I doubt the framers of the constitution meant their definition of "fine" to exclude a case like this. Even if it isn't a "fine" in esoteric legal jargon it fits the definition of "cruel and unusual punishment". After all, $2 million is more than the expected lifetime earnings of an American individual. $2 million is essentially a monetary life sentence. edit: I did some research and you're correct that this doesn't fit the modern legal definition of a "fine". Apparently fines are for criminal offenses and in civil cases like this they're called "penalties" instead. Again, however, I don't think this necessarily applies to the eighth amendment. http://legal-dictionary.thefreedictionary.com/fine That's awfully risky for the defendant. If I was the one on the stand I don't think I'd permit my lawyers to risk sticking me with a $2 million fine just so they could set precedent, even if they were from Harvard. Personally, I don't understand why ISPs haven't become payment processors. They already have a monthly billing relationship with their customers. Wouldn't it be cool if your ISP provided a service whereby you could buy things online and charge them to your ISP bill? If done right such a service could be more secure than credit cards for online purchases, make micropayments much more feasible, and provide a separate revenue stream for ISPs. Why haven't they jumped on this? Something that might not be obvious is that, since shaders will be supported, this will also enable GPGPU from Javascript. If JIT-compiled Javascript is still too slow for you, you'll now have the option of running your code on the massively parallel vector co-processor that's in nearly every modern PC. The obvious next step in this direction is OpenCL. WebKit has been implementing a different approach, doing 3D effects via CSS. I think both approaches to 3D are useful in different contexts and they should both be implemented. http://webkit.org/blog/386/3d-transforms/ What are you going to do with only a pasta strainer? You're going to need a whole kitchen's worth of attachments and the cost could quickly become large, especially if the appliances and fixtures need to be modified. Afterward the kitchen will be less useful for humans and the robot will still be useless for anything but kitchen tasks. We already have kitchen devices that do one thing well: dishwasher, mixer, breadmaker, toaster, cuisinart, etc. At some point it will become cheaper to make one robot that can do it all. "But really, what do we want as a society? For a two-digit number of extremely wealthy people to have access to the world's best prosthetics, stuff that is in the realm of sci-fi? Or for everyone to have access to "good enough" prosthetic technology that advances more slowly?" If you choose the latter then you are short-sighted, because in the future everyone will be worse off. I thought that was a flaw in his article. It should be possible to make a bidirectional gateway between a Wave server and and SMTP, and then incremental adoption becomes easy. So his argument is that we should ignore all possible risks to our oil supply and let everyone have cheap oil? That works great until one of those risks becomes reality, the price of oil instantly skyrockets amid dire shortages, and we don't have any alternatives because oil was cheaper than all of them. I hope that none of the people railing against speculators are also environmentalists, because oil speculators should be an environmentalist's best friend: nothing could possibly promote alternative energy better than high oil prices. Computer vision for autonomous robots. I've done a lot of 3D graphics and I think working on the inverse could be fun too. I think a lot of progress is going to be made quickly now that 3D depth-sensing cameras are becoming available. Most interesting to me are self-driving cars (e.g. the DARPA Grand Challenge robots) or dynamically balancing 2-legged anthropomorphic robots (e.g. Honda's ASIMO). I don't know anyone in the field, so if I was really going to pursue this I'd probably start by going back to school. I don't expect this to be a problem within my lifetime. As we get more efficient we can easily reverse the trend toward 2-income families, and then start shortening the work week. Who could say no to a 32 hour week, or even shorter? At some point we may have to switch to an alternative economic system not based on labor (perhaps Cory Doctorow's "Whuffie", and I recommend "Down and Out in the Magic Kingdom" for anyone interested), but that will be a long time from now and I suspect by then the choices will be more obvious and incremental. "today's unskilled workers aren't going to be the robot owners of the future" Careful with your crystal ball there; you might end up sounding like the people who predicted similar things about computers. Robots will become very cheap in the future; they won't be exclusive to the "bourgeoisie". "You can't just start making everyone work less" Who said anything about making? That's far too authoritarian for my liking. People will choose to work less when they can achieve the lifestyle they want with less work. It will take a while for this to become socially acceptable, but I think it will happen. I am less than 40, and I would be happy indeed if this became a problem during my lifetime, but I'm still skeptical. As nanotech advances we will gain the ability to replace more and more rare elements with common ones. In the far future there's no reason why our technology couldn't be based entirely on nanoscale structures made of only the cheapest, most abundant elements. After all, nature does it just fine. "we [will] have automation that is expensive, but cheaper than humans." I don't think that's true. The expensive part of robots is the hardware. I think we will have hardware able to replace humans long before we have the software. ASIMO's body is probably capable enough to do many tasks today. The hardware will become cheap long before the software becomes capable enough to replace humans in most jobs, and the software will improve gradually. People will have time to adapt. Furthermore, this argument seems based on the premise that there's a huge underclass of people who can't possibly be trained in a skill once robots take the manual labor away, and that's an elitist view I simply don't agree with. America is already a country full of people who shun manual labor; only immigration fills the lowest level of jobs. Americans are not genetically superior to the immigrants who do our manual labor; we just have better opportunities. As robots make us more productive those opportunities will be offered to more and more people, and the number of workers willing to do manual labor will naturally dwindle. Interesting, you guys must be on one of those A/B tests that Google does without telling anyone. I certainly don't get AJAX results in the classic or sandbox searches. Your questions are about resource allocation, and the answer as usual is free markets. An argument about the efficacy of free markets vs. central planning would be offtopic, so let's just agree to disagree on this one. Pixar has their own style that is intentionally not photorealistic. Also, Toy Story is from 1995. Try instead comparing Crysis to the effects from a modern blockbuster, which have to hold up well when compared to the live action shots. Ditching the fixed-function pipeline isn't all about realism, though. More flexibility will allow more experimentation with non-photorealistic rendering. Maybe we'll see more games with graphics that look like they were painted or drawn. Another benefit of more flexible rendering should be easier game development. Writing a complete renderer from scratch will be hard but most games will use middleware for that. The most expensive part of a modern game is the art, and a flexible renderer could do a lot to make generating that art easier. I do share your pet theory about Larrabee trying to avoid stepping on toes at Intel by labeling themselves a GPU. However, in order for Larrabee to be worthwhile for Intel it needs a mass market, and graphics is it. If Larrabee fails at graphics it will likely not survive. The images aren't procedurally generated; they really are that large. Stamping is just an easy way for artists to generate an image that large; the stamps are baked into the texture as soon as the artist places them, and afterward the artist can go back and individually edit every pixel. Obviously you can't ship an image that large on a DVD, so there's a lot of compression that has to happen, and a lot of that data will eventually just get thrown out. I believe id is using a system that uses recorded player sessions to figure out which parts of the texture are likely to be shown on-screen in actual gameplay. This is why I cringe when I hear people say that the current economic crisis is an indictment of capitalism; a proof that free markets behave irrationally. To believe that you have to ignore the enormous distortions government has created, not just with recent legislation but with things like the mortgage tax deduction that are so entrenched and popular we take them for granted. Of course markets aren't perfect. They can cope with distortions like the mortgage tax deduction but the cost is reduced efficiency and resiliency. The mortgage tax deduction didn't trigger the crisis but it amplified the effects by increasing the number and size of mortgages. (BTW, I'd like to clarify that I didn't downvote you and I agree it was uncalled for. I don't yet have the ability to downvote.) "it is incapable of investigating, understanding or dealing with human purposes, eternal values, spiritual realities or the challenges of the meaning of life" This is only true if you believe the brain will remain forever inscrutable. If we come to a complete understanding of how the brain works, we will be able to answer all these questions (at least as far as they relate to humans) far more completely than any amount of introspection ever will. Actually, now that I look at it, this guy's entire argument can be boiled down to "consciousness is not a physical phenomenon and is therefore outside of science". He could have said so using a lot fewer words, but then it would be too easy to disagree with him. I feel that the problem you describe is exacerbated (as so many philosophical "problems" are) by the imprecision of the language used in framing the problem. Rather than bicker over word definitions, I would prefer to wait until we have computers powerful enough to simulate the brain, at which time we can answer such questions using the precise language of mathematics. Of course I can't prove that we will be able to create such computers. If we can't then that would be evidence for a non-physical basis of consciousness. However, I feel that right now the burden of proof is on the people who claim that consciousness doesn't obey the laws of physics, as we haven't yet found any other process which doesn't. Like I said, I believe the "problem" itself is ill-defined. Philosophy in general has a tendency to devolve into arguments over word definitions and I simply don't think that's productive. A simulation of the brain will give us the data we need to frame the problem precisely enough to actually answer it. > If we find something that doesn't obey the laws of current physics, we just modify the laws. If consciousness is truly outside the domain of science then logically there would be no law we could create to account for its effects. But I'll go a step further and say that I believe consciousness obeys the laws of physics as we currently understand them . Again I don't have a proof of this, but neither do the people who say it doesn't. The problem was stated by christopherolah, and labeled as such. I'll quote it here for your convenience: "The problem is this: Consider perceiving the color red. An outside observer can explain this as photons hitting my eye and me reacting. The only problem is, I can actually see the color. How can a series of chemical reactions cause me to feel?" As I have said, the respect in which it is ill-defined is the imprecise definitions of the words used. An argument about this will eventually turn to haggling over the definitions of words like "see", "perceive", and especially "feel". "what is your reason for believing [consciousness obeys physics]?" I don't claim to have a strong argument. This thread is already too long so I'm not going to list my reasons, but the point I'd like to make is that the opposing view doesn't have strong arguments either, and I feel the burden of proof rests more heavily on that side, considering Occam's razor. I recommend watching Carmack's QuakeCon '09 keynote here: http://www.quakeunity.com/file=2919 It's 2 hours long, but he has a lot of interesting stuff to say about selling id Software to ZeniMax, Armadillo Aerospace, the Tesla Roadster, the future of games, and even the possibility of a Commander Keen game for iPhone. (The most interesting stuff is in the Q&A section at the end). I have driven a piece of farm equipment (bin carrier) which has a pedal that works this way. The pedal is on a pivot and instead of depressing the whole pedal you press on the top to go forward and the bottom to go back. Braking is a simple matter of pressing the pedal in the opposite direction you are going (though normal mechanical brakes are also present as backup). I found the system to be rather touchy. When coming to a stop it was quite easy to overcompensate and start oscillating back and forth. It was quite fun to drive though, and for the kind of work a bin carrier does the ability to reverse without changing gears is very useful. Incidentally, in order to achieve this continuously adjustable drive a diesel engine runs at a constant RPM turning a hydraulic pump which in turn drives hub motors in each wheel. The whole thing makes a very distinctive sound as it drives around. http://www.shakermaker.com/bin-carrier-images.php http://www.wolframalpha.com/input/?i=limit+of+x+-+(x+-+1)+as... Also, http://www.wolframalpha.com/input/?i=infinity+-+(infinity+-+... If nothing else, Wolfram Alpha is useful for math. I'm impressed that it understood my syntax for limits that I made up on the spot, first try. The "hacking" aspect is that during the interview instead of mentioning you've heard the problem before you're supposed to pretend you're a genius who solved the problem on the spot. Actually I think that advice is misguided, as in my experience when you tell an interviewer you're already familiar with their favorite brainteaser they're just as impressed as if you solved it yourself, and you don't feel dishonest. This technology is not interesting to me. The efficiency is too low, the coils are too big, the distances are too short, and too much alignment is required. The talk of replacing batteries is just hype. But the real reason I'm not excited is I don't believe this technology is going to improve much. People look at this and think that it's just like computers, so in 10 years these things will be 10 times smaller with 10 times the range. That's simply not true; there's no Moore's law for wireless power. We've known how to do this for over 100 years and the basic physics aren't changing. In 10 years the coils will still be that big, with the same range and the same alignment issues. Batteries, on the other hand, have plenty of room to improve. In 10 years batteries will definitely be storing more energy with less mass at lower cost with faster charging and longer lifetimes. That's a technology I can get excited about. There's still a demand for newspapers, it's just shrinking. As a country we're myopically focused on growth, but isn't there a place for businesses which are shrinking too? What's wrong with saying "the newspapers should reduce their size in an orderly way, in sync with declining demand"? Shouldn't it be possible to manage a shrinking business in such a way that it continues to generate profits until demand vanishes entirely? I don't think any useful generalizations can be made without information about the CPU and memory usage of the algorithms. It's technically possible to put a site on a top level domain. Now that ICANN has started allowing the purchase of TLDs we will soon be going to http://google and we'll probably see a URL shortener at http://l Huh, the link is missing an apostrophe. How did this get on the front page that way? http://www.kbsc.com/WhitePapers/1982%20-%20Marvin%20Minsky%2... "And now pick up a pencil or a pen (if you're really courageous) and practice on this very page." 3 things: 1. How quaint! 2. Did anyone else notice that the entire article was a giant .jpg? 3. Good on them for not being afraid to start a sentence with "And". I've never heard a good reason why it wouldn't be possible. But even supposing that it isn't, AI research is not wasted. It is clear that products related to AI (natural language processing, computer vision, game opponents, etc) can be exceedingly useful even though they're not sufficient to produce a conscious AI. So don't worry! My personal belief is that the reason progress in AI has been so slow is that AI optimists vastly underestimated the computing power needed to produce good AI, and when our computers are finally fast enough (20-30 years perhaps, and the most important metric is probably not FLOPS but memory bandwidth) AI will actually not be that hard to achieve. Those are the standard sounds made by some brand of walkie-talkie (Motorola I think) to mark begin/end transmission. Now that you mention it, they do sound an awful lot like the sounds Commander Keen made with the PC speaker. It uses thrust vectoring. The engine is on a gimbal and is constantly moving to keep the vehicle upright and on course. The fact that you can hardly see the movement means the sensors and software are doing a really good job keeping it stable. Choosing Linux for stable APIs would be rather silly. X11 is evolving rapidly nowadays and audio APIs are in a state of constant flux, where the different APIs often interfere with each other and there's no obvious best solution. Linux changes ABIs all the time and is notorious for C library incompatibilities. This recent mess with filesystem write semantics ( http://lwn.net/Articles/322823/ ) has proven you can't even rely on POSIX. Meanwhile, Win32 has been far more stable over the years and Microsoft has put a ton of effort into backwards compatibility. Don't get me wrong; I like Linux but API stability is not the reason to choose it over Windows. Yes, X11 is backwards compatible and that's been really great for the Linux desktop. But the article bashes Windows for rapidly introducing new APIs even though the old ones remain compatible; I'm just pointing out that Linux does that too. As for the audio situation, the problem is sharing between multiple apps. ALSA sucks at it so "sound servers" were invented but they caused more problems than they solved. Now it seems like every distro has a different sound solution, and meanwhile OSS was never removed from the kernel so you can't even rely on ALSA always being there. The filesystem problem can't be blamed wholly on apps or kernel devs; IMHO the problem really lies in POSIX which doesn't specify a way to achieve what app developers need in a way that can also be easily implemented in the kernel with good performance. I would argue that the behaviors app developers were using became a de facto part of POSIX and the way kernel devs broke them was irresponsible even if it didn't break the letter of the standard. Contrast with Microsoft which goes far, far out of its way to avoid breaking apps even when they flagrantly violate good practices (there are some great examples on The Old New Thing: http://blogs.msdn.com/oldnewthing/ ). When ALSA was imported into the mainline kernel, software mixing became possible without servers and they largely died out. My experience was completely different. A few years ago, ALSA software mixing was not enabled by default and didn't work well when enabled. When not enabled, apps couldn't share the audio device at all. KDE created aRts to allow sharing at the app level, but aRts sucked, plus it hogged the audio device so non-aRts apps wouldn't work at all. Later aRts added a timeout after which it would release the device but this obviously wasn't a good solution. Gnome had ESD which I didn't use but it conflicted with aRts. JACK came along but was only ever used by high-end audio programs. ALSA finally did get decent software mixing support, but now people are used to running sound servers. PulseAudio is the newest thing but last I heard a lot of people are still unsatisfied with it (e.g. http://jeffreystedfast.blogspot.com/2008/06/pulseaudio-solut... ). Furthermore, people who know what they're talking about are recommending a move away from PulseAudio and ALSA and back toward OSS! Personally, I think the case is quite convincing: http://insanecoding.blogspot.com/2009/06/state-of-sound-in-l... To my knowledge, the only filesystem which has poor performance when using fsync() is ext3 in data=ordered mode (which is not the default). Not according to http://lwn.net/Articles/351422/ Yes, disabling sound mixing will prevent multiple applications from using the sound card at once, in much the same way as disabling graphics drivers will prevent X11 from working. X11 never came with graphics drivers disabled by default. aRts is for pre-ALSA (ie OSS) applications. aRts isn't "for" ALSA or OSS applications; in fact it doesn't play nice with either. aRts is for aRts applications. aRts has backends for both OSS and ALSA. There's no reason glitch-free playback and per-application volume control can't be done in the kernel. The only feature that makes sense to do in user space is network transparency, which is of limited utility. I just can't get on board for another specialized program with more regulations. I wish we could just open the floodgates and let people in; xenophobes and protectionists be damned. If they're motivated enough to actually pick up and move here they're the kind of people we want. The muffin-sorting robot sorts muffins faster and better than any human could, whereas walking robots are still pretty terrible at walking even when compared to a below-average human. Minimap for Visual Studio: http://www.hanselman.com/blog/IntroducingRockScroll.aspx Let's combine this with the zip file approach. Your app is distributed as a zip file containing only the app folder. Safari unzips it automatically, then the user double-clicks your app icon. Your app notices it's in the "Downloads" directory and asks "Would you like to install me to the Applications folder?" If so, the move is done visually by opening two finder windows and literally moving the app icon as if it was being dragged. Afterward the Applications folder remains open displaying the app icon in case the user wants to drag it to the dock. How about a Seadragon interface? http://seadragon.com/view/avv The thing that bothers me about TechCrunch is that the comment section is a cesspool. Every time I scroll down there I regret it immediately. Tinnitus is not necessarily caused by dying cells or permanent hearing loss. Tinnitus is merely the name for a false perception of sound in the ears (normally but not always a ringing sound) and can be caused by a number of things. This treatment is not intended to cure hearing loss but simply to relieve tinnitus. Edit: well that's the impression I had based on the article, but at their actual site (restoredhearing.ie) they make claims like "restore hearing sensitivity back to the level it was before the damage was incurred" which sound rather dubious. I've never been big on exercising for the sake of exercise, but I do regularly go to a rock climbing gym. It's good exercise, but more importantly it's fun, unlike lifting weights. It requires the use of your brain: a good climb is like a puzzle you solve with your whole body. Great way to meet people, too. The only concern for hackers would be strain on the wrists. If you have wrist problems climbing probably isn't for you, but personally I feel like climbing has strengthened my wrists and actually been beneficial. What's that song they play? The beginning sounds really familiar but I can't place it. And it's the song from the end of The Bourne Identity. Thanks! Sorry, this cites a previous discovery of a superconductor at -24F (-31C) from May of this year. If that was actually true I guarantee you would have already heard about it from somewhere more prestigious than a self-published website. I have several Yahoo Pipes running which take various RSS feeds and replace the blurbs with the full article text ( http://pipes.yahoo.com/pipes/pipe.info?_id=b26addb2e01415dbf... ). As a programmer I found it quite frustrating to use; very limiting (as with all "visual programming" interfaces) and somewhat buggy. However, it does get the job done and it's free. I actually much preferred AppJet for this sort of work, as it could execute arbitrary Javascript and make arbitrary HTTP requests with cookies, etc. I wrote an RSS feed munger that logged into my WSJ account to download full articles with AppJet. I was really disappointed when AppJet was discontinued. Sweet! That must be new since the last time I looked at YQL. Looks very promising. Hopefully YQL lasts longer than AppJet did... Because you have to hold it (likely between thumb and ring finger) while you do the gestures. You'd have to use both hands to pull off a four-finger gesture. OK, the analogy is dumb, but the point stands on its own. Dynamic linking has been around for so long that it's a sort of dogma, never questioned. Of course you do dynamic linking! Just step back and consider all the problems dynamic linking has caused us (DLL hell, package management headaches, C library incompatibilities, various ABI issues) and the sheer complexity of the systems invented to solve those problems (Side-by-Side assemblies; InstallShield, Windows Installer, and umpteen other install frameworks for Windows; LD_LIBRARY_PATH, ldconfig; APT, RPM, and umpteen other Linux package managers). The "premium" content is really the content they had at the beginning, but lost over time as the rights holders cracked down; e.g. movies you'd actually want to watch, and more than 5 back episodes of currently-running shows. What we have here really is a failure of the advertising model Hulu uses. They just can't make enough money per viewer to displace traditional broadcasting or DVD sales. IMHO either Hulu or the advertisers are doing something stupid, because there really should be a gold mine there. The targeting and scheduling flexibility that's possible on a site like Hulu should make it more valuable per viewer than TV. Instead of trying to raise the market value of online content to match the cost of producing it — perhaps an impossible proposition — the secret is to cut costs until they match the market value. This is the reality that Rupert Murdoch is trying his best to ignore. I think he's deluding himself. The way he lives off of thrown-out food, secondhand clothes, and couch-surfing his friends and family means he's just as dependent on the system he despises as any "wage slave". He's not living free from the influence of money; he's just found ways to use other people's money to his advantage. I would love to see his reaction to a society that had collapsed in the way he predicts. What would he do without "wage slaves" around to throw away food, give away clothes, and let bums sleep in their houses? Subsistence farming is a totally different lifestyle than dumpster diving and couch surfing, and I doubt he's much more prepared for it than your average "wage slave". Raiding deserted department stores is fine for a few years, but that's not a long-term strategy. When the department store building collapses because nobody's maintaining it, and when the clothes run out and the factories aren't making any more, what then? Same with bicycles and any other technology he likes to use. I disagree. They're free to put ads on their printer friendly pages (which you'll notice The Economist has done), or add referer checking. I don't use printer friendly pages to avoid ads, I use them for their reading-friendly layout without enormous headers, footers, and sidebars taking up 3/4 of the page. "Our revenues are down millions of dollars because we don't have the patent" and the royalty stream that would have resulted, he said. "We have no market power. That's the essence of it. You can't protect your interests." He said competitors have entered the market, and utilities themselves have "reverse-engineered" WeatherWise processes You mean you can't get a government-backed monopoly on your product, so you actually have to compete ?! With competitors who charge lower prices ?! Cry me a river. Seriously. Not only will buying oil futures make them lots of money if they're right, it will help raise the price of oil, thus driving investment in alternative energy. The peak oil people don't get it: higher oil prices aren't the problem; they're the solution. I would suggest principle/principal instead. Here's the 7500x7500 image of it in Seadragon: http://seadragon.com/view/fnr I really like this about Facebook. They're not afraid of change and are willing to make decisions that are unpopular with users but ultimately improve the service. The fact that this is newsworthy is the problem. This data should be available via open APIs. It shouldn't take a licensing agreement negotiated by lawyers for stuff like this to happen. Interesting that this is separate from Intel's Larrabee project http://wikipedia.org/wiki/Larrabee_(GPU) . Larrabee also has the potential to put 48 x86 cores on one chip but provides a fully coherent cache and a ring bus instead of a mesh network with message passing. The other major difference is that Larrabee includes a wide vector processor in each core to run OpenGL/DirectX shaders or OpenCL kernels. I used AppJet myself for small personal projects, and liked it a lot. However, it wasn't complete enough for commercial use, perhaps as a platform for another startup to build their web app on. For example they didn't support development outside their web IDE, multiple code files in a project, a storage system with known scalability properties, or paid accounts with higher resource constraints. I know they were working on at least two of the four features I mentioned above before they decided to abandon AppJet in favor of EtherPad. Building their own app to prove their platform was a good idea, but I guess they just didn't have enough resources to work on the app and the platform at the same time. I'm not sure what the AppJet guys would have considered success to be, but if they expected other companies to build commercial apps on top of their stuff I think they gave up too early. Both Safari and Firefox have by now had a chance to copy this behavior, but neither have, even though both have added other features to their tab bars. I was able to load several roms with no trouble (though the UI could use some work). The performance was fine (3GS here) and the accuracy of graphics and gameplay seemed good, but the sound was very glitchy. Hopefully it can be fixed in an update before Apple boots it from the store. Ultimately the biggest problem with this is that the touchscreen just isn't as good as physical buttons for the kinds of games that the NES had. I loaded the ROMs from my mac mini via the web sharing feature of OS X (Apache). All the ROMs I tried worked the first time. Some ROM formats may not be supported; the ones I used had a .nes file extension. What Every Computer Scientist Should Know About Floating-Point Arithmetic: http://docs.sun.com/source/806-3568/ncg_goldberg.html