In the code the link points to, I just see another C-like language. What "good ideas" should I be looking at? I am not Oberon expert, but in any other language I'd say this code is pretty bad: - logic errors: We keep going even if error occurs (none of the error checks have return in them). - In two different source files, "System" is imported under two different names. Is this just to confuse the readers? - Hardcoded string length (Mod.s:17). If someone to change the message, you have to be very careful to update the length. - Arbitrary constants (why '2' in Mod.s:23)? I used to program in Pascal long time ago (Turbo Pascal dialect), but the link does not show any of Pascal-specific functionality. Where are types with unusual range (var i: 0..15)? Where are arrays with non-zero based ranges? Where is the neat interface/implementation separation? Is there runtime-based range checking? Because I do not see it, and I bet if I changed this "17" to "117", it will just send extra 100 bytes of un-initialized memory over the socket. This particular code does not have any pascal-y language features. What is the point of the post? If it was to demonstrate that Oberon is good for teaching / real stuff / general purpose programming / something else, then it failed. To me, the points of the post is: "hey, this language is not dead! We can now fork() and do socket ops!". Is this intentional? Do you have quantitative information about that? I was always wondering how big is Fukushima's nuclear incident zone (in km^2) today. How much bigger is it compared to coal waste ponds / landfills, or hydroelectric dam which provides the same amount of power? Looking at Stripe's API docs, it seems their preferred payment technology is javascript popup which asks for CC number directly. If the technology has been 'properly implemented', only Stripe will see the credit card details, but as a consumer, I have no way to tell if the technology has been implemented properly. As a result, I feel it is much safer to avoid typing my credit card number into random websites. Thus, my first reaction to a site which asks for my credit card (directly or via Stripe) is 'OK, are there any alternatives which take a safer payment method' Replace "containers" with "virtual machines" (because really, the containers are secure only until the next kernel exploit, which happens fairly often), and you get Qubes OS: https://www.qubes-os.org/doc/architecture/ It tries to move everything into containers, including hardware drivers, and if you read their architecture paper you will see their design ends up being nontrivial. I feel that author is very enthusiastic, but there are some pretty serious errors: "... fight between Docker and systemd is inevitable" -- this fight has been going for a while (at least a year): https://lwn.net/Articles/676831/ "... The reason why you'll do this, rather than compose everything yourself, is compatability. Whether it's kernel versions, file system drivers, operating system variants or a hundred variations that make your OS build different from mine. Building and testing software that runs everywhere is a sisyphean task. " -- kernel versions, file system drivers, operating system variants (in form of docker daemon version) are still going to be around and would still affect containers. So you traded "test on Fedora, RHEL, Ubuntu" with "test on AWS docker, Tectonic, OpenShift". Yes, you no longer have to worry about .so versions, but there are still plenty of reasons to test in multiple environment. "... the operating system is an implementation detail of the higher level software. It's not intended to be directly managed ..." -- yeah, so I have this proprietary SAN.. or a dual 10G cards which need to be tuned and bonded... or a mix of fast and slow disks... or even any non-trivial RAID setup... Those things are the most annoying parts of managing your own servers and unfortunately they are not going anywhere. Isn't the 'disconnection support' (and by extension, roaming) one of the big points of tmux? This is one of the reasons why I never bothered with mosh -- I have screen/tmux, what's the point? I have cryptsetup, so I am probably vulnerable, but I do really care -- I do not have BIOS password, nor do I physically disable my USB ports. If I wanted to get a root shell with the disk still encrypted, it would be much more convenient to just boot from the USB stick. And in the case of "libraries, ATMs, airport machines" it is likely there will be no boot-time passwords at all -- regular login process will likely be more convenient for many reasons. yes, but the same could be done by simply booting from USB stick. How does this vulnerability makes it worse? (unless one has BIOS password and strong physical security) Related comic: http://www.smbc-comics.com/comic/dinosaurs what's next, eye-stalks? The problem is, that legislation does not actually protect citizen data. All code is still controlled by LinkedIn, and Russian goverment still have no idea what it does. If FBI (or CIA or any other agency) comes to LinkedIn with an order, then does it matter if the technician serving the request pulls the data from Russian, European or US database? The data will be delivered anyway. Moreover, the law does not actually prevent the companies from storing data somewhere else -- Article 12 mentions many allowed reasons to send the data to other countries. What this law, however, allows is for government to apply pressure on the company by treating to seize their servers (such as this case: https://torrentfreak.com/police-shut-down-russian-rapidshare... ). I see no other reason for the law. The whole point is that AWS (nor any other outside party) would not find the keys. The article explicitly mentions: On servers in a text file in ~/.aws/credentials (where a lot of tooling saves AWS credentials) On your developer laptop in the same locations In application or systemd environment variable configuration files In files named ’credentials’ or in application configuration files in private, sensitive Github repos Unless amazon somehow has access to private github repos, they should not see the keys > Unfortunately the comments are a pile-on of negativity, rather than a discussion of possibilities. I don't think that how the community is supposed to work. HN is all about discussion of existing content. It is simply a bad form to go to discussion of "blockchan for big banks" article and start talking about "blockchain for ad networks". Yes, maybe someone out there is making something where blockchain is genuinely a right technology; if you find such a project, submit it to HN and there may be actual positive comments on the blockchain idea. Or even better: write a blog post about real-life problems which are best being solved by the bitcoin blockchain, and submit it. I am sure people will read it with interest! (I am not being sarcastic here -- I am genuinely interested about useful bitcoin applications) "This cafe was closed for food safety issues twice, so they are now operating illegally. Their burgers are very good -- why not try them and see what the fuss is about" > fraudulent-transaction-free processing network How so? Are you saying that when a trojan on my machine accesses my bitcoin wallet and sends all of my bitcoins somewhere, is it not "fraudulent transaction"? Because these things happen, you know. What do you use instead of "docker build" and "docker pull"? What do you mean? My Dockerfiles already use distro's package manager to install packages. Do you you mean "create a long-lived LXC container and use distro's package manager to install packages as needed?" The problem with that approach is you have no idea how to duplicate the server, nor how to roll back the changes reliably. For example: - Your distro upgraded a library, and the upgrade introduced a bug. For extra fun, this was not security upgrade so unattended-upgrade process did not install it, so only half of your servers have the bug. - Your package list is incorrect. Somehow, your old server ended up with an extra package (previous software version? installed while trying to troubleshoot problems), and your new server does not have it. - You have leftover files -- either from the previous version of your software, or from the package you have had installed before. These are definitely fixable in LXC with enough effort -- after all, Docker is not magic, and you can achieve a lot with LXC + shell scripts, and even more with LXC + shell scripts + chef. However, Docker is just so much easier and reliable than writing these scripts by hand. Yes, but other languages would use optional or special null-like value which cannot be automatically converted into integer. This would be totally devastating to many people who do not earn that much. Before, you could stash $200 per month to make a nice "rainy day fund" in case you lose job, get sick or your car breaks down. Now you would not be able to do so -- just work work work and don't even think about leaving your job! And the worst part, it would not even work against rich people. So I got 2bil? Great, I will buy 5 houses and a furniture factory. And move the rest to my shell company in Caribbeans. Uber, Lyft, Sidecar, Flywheel, etc... Because Java and C# are not system programming languages and are not intended to replace C? Would I want my init system written in Java or C#? Hell no. Would I want it written in Rust? Yes please maybe it will crash less and have fewer CVEs. I have a belief that every time a C developer switches to Rust, users benefit (unless developer goes crazy from Rust's cognitive load, but this is a separate issue :) ) Agree. We have strerror_r -- why not add getenv_r? Is there any technical information on how the database works? For a supposed Sqlite replacement, there is a surprising lack of the information. The only reference to concurrency mode I have found is this: > All changes to an object (addition, modification and deletion) must be done within a write transaction. > Write transactions incur non-negligible overhead - you should architect your code to minimize the number of write transactions. So is there a single write lock? If you try to start two transactions, will the second one be delayed or retried? Can reads proceed while the transaction is processing? > Results instances are live, auto-updating views into the underlying data So if I am doing x.first, x.second while the object is being updated in a second thread, will I get mixed state? Is database crash proof? If the phone runs out of battery while in write transaction, will the database get damaged? ... so many questions I see the reason for the complains, but I do not agree with the basic premise. It should not be "I hate almost all software", it should be "I hate my employer and the job I am stuck in". I mean, this person is writing for Solaris/Illumos (judging by SMF references and autoconf complains). Yeah, running modern stuff on solaris sux, unless you have a sysadminny mindset. This is clearly not for him. Fine -- different people like to optimize different things: user experience, internal code beauty, maintainability, code robustness, number of platforms supported. No one should be forced to work on stuff they don't like. There are lots of jobs, and most of them do not require SMF, DBus, /usr organization, or volatile variables. Thank you for the comment. It is nice to be able to talk to someone who believes in Urbit ideal. I have a question for you: there are many advantages of running things on huge scale. How do you see Urbit will solve it? For example: - webserver: I used to run a personal web server, and then I noticed that I have to throttle the speed to avoid ending up with a huge bill, and when the colo is down, the server is down. I keep all my data in the cloud now, and due to economy of scale, I do not have to worry about availability, ping times, or bandwidth limits. How can personal server compete with CDNs? - I also used to run my own mailserver, and it was always a pain to keep spam away. This is a complex process which includes tuning spam filters, deciding which DNS blacklists to use (oh controversy!), deciding if I want to use DCC and at which stage. And I had to re-tune periodically, otherwise it would eat my automated messages... At the same time, Google (for example) has it easy -- at their scale, they have all the information they need to decide if the mail is spam or not. - Social media: no, I have not run my social media server :) But I cannot understand how do you get started. The main point is network effects, and even Disapora, which has been around for a long while, is not that popular. Plus spam and viruses, of course -- how do you prevent that? If my friend gets a trojan on her machine, will her account be able to spam entire network? > - bandwidth : ... More generally, if Urbit got even moderate adoption, the hosted-server companies would fall over themselves supporting it. I am highly skeptical -- the Wordpress has pretty high adoption, and it is useful for "non-techy Mom", but there are very few companies which support wordpress integration, and if they do, it is at a much higher price (bluehost: $3/mo regular hosting, $20/mo wordpress hosting) > - mail : ... full-fledged identities on the Urbit network cost a couple of bucks, and it is assumed that anyone who spammed from one would get blackholed before they recouped the investment. This blackhole mechanism is very much like spam problem, so it has all the usual questions: Is it going to be managed by someone? Does identity get un-blackholed after some time with no spam? Can you pay $$$ to make this process faster? Can someone blackhole whole galaxy? What if your computer gets malware which spams other users on your behalf? I am not asking for immediate answers to these questions, I just wanted to point that having "federated identity" will not fully solve spam problem. > - viruses : Urbit is designed to be essentially impervious to malware. ... In a worst-case scenario (say, your whole urbit got bitlocker'd), recovering would require you to a) get your hosting provider to restore from a backup, ... That's not the worst case scenario. The worst-case scenario is bitlocker reaches in your urbit (via whatever mechanism you use) and encrypts all the your data there, slowly over time (so your backup is corrupted, too) and starting with least-recently accessed files first, to minimize chance of early detection. Looks like in this situation, your only hope is that your hosting provider kept your backups, and this is not guaranteed at all. So basically not much better than existing self-hosting systems. Note: I have not actually checked, but I suspect that Urbit may keep all the previous versions of the files around. This will help against bitlockers, but: (1) Is there a mechanism to permanently remove data, say because you accidentally uploaded 25GB blue-ray movie? If yes, this is what bitlocker will use. (2) Are you sure that every user will have different urbit credentials and admin credentials to the hosting provider? Because if not, then bitlocker will ssh into your hosted machine and damage the files directly. (3) There are other things other than bitlockers. Malware will use your account to send SPAM, use your webserver to sell illegal drugs, use your CPU to mine bitcoins, and generally make a botnet out of your urbit. > Keeping the software updated on your urbit is automatic and done without interrupting service. Maintenance is almost non-existent. Wow, this sounds scary. It will be just like Chrome extensions turning into malware, but for EVERYTHING: https://arstechnica.com/security/2014/01/malware-vendors-buy... So we started from this ideal picture of urbit: > Urbit is the server-app-container thing that would make my non-techy Mom want to pay $5/mo for a hosted server instance. > Want to see what Bill Smith is up to? finger bsmith. Want to argue about politics? talk.politics. God, how simple things were! > Urbit is designed to be essentially impervious to malware. ... and we ended up with: > but one presumes that if you host an urbit on EC2, you'd also be putting cloudflare in front of its webserver > If you did write an app that defaulted to "accept messages from anyone" then you'd need to include some sort of "report spam" feature in it I suppose, > "Your hosting provider might not do a good job of managing backups" is a) well outside of urbit's purview, > So of course you need to keep your login and password safe, and the host OS needs to be secure, and so forth. So what are then advantages of urbit over, say, wordpress install with some plugins? So far I have heard: - Universal identity system for other urbit users - Automatic application update - Some subset of security bugs has been eliminated - Simple application installation Wordpress (with plugins): - Has OAUTH and facebook/g+ auth plugins - Has auto-update functionality - Written in PHP, which entirely eliminated at least buffer overflow bugs and concurrency bugs from the user-written code. - I can find EC2 images with wordpress already installed -- just create a machine based on them and you are all set! And wordpress provides somewhat easy interface to install new plugins! And apparently neither Urbit nor wordpress take care of the hard stuff: - How to set up backups and make sure they will not fail 6 month in (and no, most hosting providers will not do this automatically for you) - How to prevent malware on your personal computer from destroying all your digital life - How to prevent SPAM while still allowing messages from people you did not know before - How to monitor the server and fix it (restart?) when it fails - How to select the hosting plans to optimize cost for the resources you want to use Now, you may say that urbit does [will do] much more that wordpress, but so far you have not mentioned anything like that. Your original comment mentioned: mail server, minecraft server, and apps that "let you upload a file to the cloud and they let your friends access it". Wordpress does the last one, and from I understand, urbit will not be that great for the first two ones. So it does not make sysadmin's life much easier, nor does it give you some killer features you cannot find anywhere. What's the point then? I disagree. I actually know that debian's system: 1. Has a limited subset of people who can upload packages. Becoming one of these people is hard. 2. Has strict rules about package quality. A detected attempt to upload malicious package will cause uploader's privileges to be removed. 3. There a is trusted group of people who have the authority over all packages and who can remove the bad ones. Anyone can contact them and point out that the change is malicious, and they will listen. 4. There are enough people who look at the package changes who will detect malicious packages. None of them are true for Chrome extensions / urbit code (unless there is something I have not noticed): 1. Anyone with (google account | urbit identity) can upload packages. 2. There are no rules about package quality (until recently, google support did not care about ad injectors for example). 3. There is no trusted third party to deal with bad packages (again, until recently google support did not care except for most obvious cases) 4. Since number of packages is so high, and it is for "everyone", most package changes will never be looked at. I know this is old news, but I still have to say this: So if someone installs malware on your laptop, they get to own your shares forever? Living dangerously, man! > Git is distributed, so when GitHub goes down, every developer has a backup of entire history. However, issues are lost forever. Python does not use "issues" feature for good. um, no? PEP-512 ( https://www.python.org/dev/peps/pep-0512/ ) is pretty clear about it: "The code review history does not have the same implicit backup mechanism as the repository itself. That means a daily backup of code review history should be done so that it is not lost in case of any issues with GitHub." > Once inured to the clumsy use of files and folders and lifeless, non-dynamic programming methods, once they grow emotionally and intellectually attached to their file-based tools and infrastructure, they are incapable of appreciating any other way to do things. What bugs me about smalltalk advocacy is the complete dismissal of the existing files-based tools. Even the simple version control for the personal use (log, diff and revert) is worth keeping the files for. And I cannot imagine how would I do multi-user version control, code reviews, sharing libraries between projects if all I have is a single "image". Well, don't speak about abstract 'shackles', show me the improved process! I am especially interested in version control and collaboration. IMHO, existing file-based tools have had quite a few advances on this front: * Tests are now common and considered a good thing. A new contributor can write code without worrying about breaking rarely-used functionality. * Many languages have package managers. Using latest third-party library is now simple * We have great deployment mechanisms -- one-command deployments are common, containers and version pinning help reproducibility. * Some languages come with support for interactive REPL -- you can evaluate arbitrary commands inside running processes. * Many languages support static checking -- a lot of errors could be caught even if the code is never exercised * Many languages need no compilation at all -- just edit the file and run it What can smalltalk offer? Obviously it has great REPL. Anything else? What is the cool new 'software development process' feature that you are referring to? For example, I have found exactly one sentence about version control and sharing in the article you have linked: "We may even see Pharo 7, which promises a Git-integration tool called Iceberg for source code version control." . Is this what you wanted to show me? Because my takeaway is that the only way to work on Smalltalk software as a team is to use file-based tools (git). I see no improvements in software development process here. The other commenter mentioned Monticello and Smalltalk Hub. Ok, this looks like a decent version control system. It is interesting how without files, you have to add a prefix to a name of every class and tag each function which you want checked in. Still, I could not find which features it has that git does not. Sorry, I am at work right now and don't have time to watch videos. Can you tell me more about "Smalltalk's own tooling for collaboration and version control"? Are you referring to Monticello? I am not insisting on git, but Monticello seems pretty limited in term of collaboration. I see commit, diff, checkout, and remote pull/push. Specifically, let's imagine this scenario: we have team of tens of programmers working on a project. A new team member joins and accidentally breaks the code in non-obvious way. He pushes the code to main repository. Next time, everyone else checks out the latest version of the code and starts having weird problems. If you had 20 people on team, and they each wasted 2 hours because the code was broken, well, you just wasted a week of programmer time. How do you prevent it? In file-based word, the answer is tests and CI. What is the smalltalk way? And please do not say "It's in the conceptual nature of programming" -- if the scenario makes no sense in the smalltalk world (maybe you are not supposed to have 20 people working on the same project?) please say this. Well, I was responding to specific parent's statement: "Being shackled to existing file-based tools holds you back from improving the software development process." This seems to imply to me that non-file-based tools have some other improvements to software development process. I think both you and I agree that software development process improves mostly independently from file-based/image distinction. There are no visible ways when files are "holding back" the software development. Surely you would want to support Wine and not ReactOS? The only advantage of ReactOS over WINE is that ReactOS has Windows 2003 compatible kernel. This means native Windows drivers, and faster emulation of some features. However, a few decades from now, there will be no devices left which have Windows 2003 drivers. And hopefully CPUs will become faster, so Wine overhead will be negligible. And I doubt all the new devices will have ReactOS drivers. Rather than keep going on ReactOS, I would much more prefer people making wine better. Agree, NT has many excellent ideas. But re-implementing it today seems silly. Are you going to have messages with take two integers only, then stick two 16-bit fields into second one? Look at these articles, do you think anyone should be implementing API like this in 21st century: https://blogs.msdn.microsoft.com/oldnewthing/20070710-00/?p=... https://blogs.msdn.microsoft.com/oldnewthing/20120913-00/?p=... I am all for variety. Hurd, L4 -- these are fundamentally different from Unix and very interesting. ReactOS? well if you enjoy debugging windows kernel drivers without source code... Maybe if you have a business account, but not if you are a regular person. Regulation E https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Electronic_Fund_Transfer_Act requires banks to refund "EFT errors" and fraudulent transactions. I remember this on startssl.com, and experience (or at least Firefox's implementation) was horrible. -I had to refresh certificate once per year, which is very inconvenient, as I would go to startssl.com once per year total - Half of the time something would go wrong with keygen in firefox and it would not remember my certificate at all. This is when you discover that all the security is simply bypassed when you send email to support. - And worst of all, it was not very secure at all -- a malware on my computer would totally steal a certificate and keysniff the password for it. Compare with Google Authenticator or SMS auth, where I would be safe as long as my cell phone is not compromized at the same time. I have seen people looking down on any "narrow" developers. If you say ".NET developer" this implies you know a very specific stack from Microsoft -- one OS, one standard library, one framework, one IDE, one buildsystem. On the other hand, if someone claims to be a senior C++ developer, it means they may have worked with multiple OS's, multiple frameworks/libraries (because STL is never enough), multiple buildsystems, multiple IDEs and so on. You said all the web technologies, so maybe if you are in the web dev? In the rest of the programming, the framework self-identification is pretty rare -- I have not heard people describing themselves as "boost C++ developer", or "python numpy developer". People will still have strong opinions about good and bad frameworks, but it will not be their primary identification. PJON defines things up to level 3 -- you hand it a bunch of bytes, and tell it: "deliver to node 12". It is up to you to decide how the bytes must be interpreted, and to ensure the recipient can handle them properly. PJON has a number of data/physical link layers: a network running on a single arduino pin, link over LEDs, TCP, UDP, supercheap radio modules, RS485 serial. Compared to that, Modbus defines things up to application layer (layer 7). You tell it, "read input 1" or "write 75 to register 33" and it does it for you. You can also send arbitrary packets like PJON, but this is rarely done. Modbus also has number of physical layers: serial (usually used with RS485 or RS232), TCP, UDP, and high-speed proprietary links. It is not designed for low speed links, so it would not work well over LED link, supercheap radio modules, or a single arduino pin link. FTR, Debian is like 80% reproducible https://wiki.debian.org/ReproducibleBuilds "Reproducible builds of Debian as a whole are still not a reality, though individual reproducible builds of packages are possible. So while we are making very good progress, it is a stretch to say that Debian is reproducible." In my experience, if you have a single home made package in C it is pretty easy to make it reproducible (1) There is no point in complete cutoff -- partial filtering should be enough. So if email spam is sent, outgoing SMTP port is blocked; if there is a virus spreading over random ports, all outgoing ports except http/https are blocked; if malware leaves spam on webpages, then all http/https connections are redirected to captive portal explaining how to fix. (2) Same with spam blacklists, you get de-listed either automatically, if few weeks pass without incident, or faster by manual request. (3) It should not matter why bad traffic was sent. A much more realistic situation is: "So you work from home and your computer gets trojan which starts to send phishing emails, so now the ISP cuts you off from the Internet. Now what?" In either case the answer is: prove to humans @ ISP that you are no longer danger to the internet and ask them nicely to unblock you. If you work from home is that critical, have a separate internet source (say 3G modem which you activate with a phone call) Looks like the author has very vague and wrong idea about computing in the past. With so many factual errors, it is hard to accept it seriously. > Somewhere around the late 90s or early 00s we made the decision to jump ship from desktop apps and start writing the lion’s share of new software for the web. This was largely for pragmatic reasons: the infrastructure to talk to a remote server became possible for the first time, I am not sure what this means. Javascript (1995)? or XMLHttpRequest (2005)? You can create web apps without any of this technologies -- they make web apps faster and UX better, but they were not the critical pieces. for example, one of the most famouse webapps of this era -- webmail interfaces such as yahoo.com or hotmail.com -- worked just fine without javascript at all. > good cross platform UI frameworks had always been elusive beasts, Technically true, but misleading. This sentence seems to imply that this mattered, and web was somewhat better. Both of these are false. Back in then no one cared about non-windows systems, and the amount of effort required to display site properly on all major browsers was staggering. It was way, way easier to make desktop apps which worked on 99% of all computers than web apps which worked on 99% of the browsers. > and desktop development frameworks were intimidating compared to more approachable languages like Perl and PHP. This was a time of VB 6, Java, Delphi, and later this fancy .net thing. Designing a desktop all was drastically simpler that creating a website of the same complexity. > The other reason was cosmetic: HTML and CSS gave developers total visual control over what their interfaces looked like, allowing them to brand them and build experiences that were pixel-perfect according to their own ends. This is so false this is not even funny. The desktop apps were trivial to make pixel perfect, the web took a LOT of work (I still remember the countless nested tables with 1x1 images in them) Here is winamp 1, released in 1997: https://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/en/0/09/Winamp1.006.P... Here is web in 1997: http://royal.pingdom.com/2008/09/16/the-web-in-1996-1997/ now, which one is more customized? > This seemed like a big improvement over more limiting desktop development, but its led us to the world we have today where every interface is a different size and shape,... And of course, the author misses the most important reasons why people spent all the effort to make the web apps. Spolsky said it back in 2004 in http://new.joelonsoftware.com/articles/APIWar.html : > Today I installed Google's new email application by typing Alt+D, gmail, Ctrl+Enter. There are far fewer compatibility problems and problems coexisting with other software. Every user of your product is using the same version... Then the article goes on to advertise the advantages of terminals and "terminal programs": fast startup, no animations, "interface elements are limited", optimized for advanced user, "output that I can process in some way to get into another program" This is accompanied by a picture of emacs running in a terminal. The problem with that, of course, is those properties are not bound to "terminal" programs at all. Many software which comes from Linux/Unix world will have all of these properties, even if they do not require terminal to run. Even graphics editors like "gimp" start up fast, have no animations, etc... Conclusion: the only way this article makes sense if the the author equates "the terminals" with "apps without animation". The author does not seem aware of what the "terminal software" means (all communications go through a single bidirectional pipe). Why? TUF is all about reimplementing SSL and PKI. Since mender can use regular SSL with good-old PKIs, there is no reason to go with weird solutions. Well, the reason TUF has to protect against all of the attacks is because it is choosing to support a varying set of requirements, including lack of SSL and insecure mirrors. Mender simply does not care about them, so it can be dramatically simpler: - rollback attacks -- impossible since all comms are secure, and there are no untrusted mirrors - freezes -- impossible, because SSL channel must be re-negotiated every time - mix and match attacks -- nothing to mix+match, mender only does one file (rootfs) - helps secure mirrors -- mender does not support 3rd party mirrors, so no need to secure them. You can see it right on the TUF homepage: it claims to replace application, library package and system package managers. This is a lot of work, which requires a lot of complexity, and there is no need at all to pay that price if you do not need to. Mender should be pretty immune to power failures in the middle of the updates -- even if second partition is only half-written , it is still not activated. OSTree seems to rely on underlying filesystem to provide protection from power failures. This is, in my experience, is not a very reliable mechanism, especially when the SD cards are used. Thus, it is likely that if you have a device using OSTree updater and someone yanks the power cord at the bad time, your device may become unbootable. FYI, here is a part which is still relevant today: "the system continuously ironed out accumulated errors over time by comparing actual distances driven and turns made with road shapes on the map. Honey calls the technique "augmented dead reckoning." That means driving through a long stretch of straight highway could begin to trip up Etak's system, since there were no turns and no distinct roads for the computer to algorithmically seize upon. If that happened, the driver could manually reposition the car cursor onto a location on the map using controls on the display." Those things work, but they are barely "good enough". The biggest problem is, it is easy to lose your position if you are in the city -- maybe you had a few sharp turns, went around the parking cars a couple of times. And once this happens, the system is unlikely to correct itself, your only way will be to manually set position, which most people will not do. I am sure it could recover most of the time, in some places. I am not so sure it would work well in all places -- regular grid is pretty common for example in New York City. You could actually see it in use if you used older GPS units -- back in SA time, the GPS was low precision (~100 meters), but still provided mostly accurate heading/velocitry information. Thus, many GPS navigators required mapmatching (see other thread for details). It would always fail on me in the most annoying moments, and would take quite a while to recover. But the traffic is totally understandable -- the right action does not require knowing what TLS 1.3 is. The way it is supposed to work is as following: there is a protocol negotiation when the connection is established (which is obviously unencrypted), which contains TLS version supported. If MITM proxy does not understand the version, it can just change these bytes to force hosts to negotiate at a lower version. So the only reason BlueCoat fails is because the authors failed to implement force version downgrade. I disagree. We were living in the period of easy middleware (this was before HTTPS rollout), and it generally sucked -- there were supercookies, ads injection, general app breakage when you get a captive portal page instead of expected RPC response. The middleware should require effort to install, and it should be obvious when it is active. Otherwise, companies which have no business MITM'ing the traffic -- such as ISPs and free wifi providers -- will start to do it just because it's so simple. For example, Google may require MDM app on the Android devices which is used to access corporate data. This app ensures that the device has the right policy (screen lock, encryption) and I think it may also check for malware apps. This is how it should be -- if you need corporate control over devices, install special application on it, it will be more efficient and it will do more. Well, Google rightfully said that GCE does not need most QEMU features, so they have made a simplified version. Is is sad they did not release it. On the other hand, there are people who need QEMU features: we have a QEMU-based test script for boot images which actually uses a few more exotic features to simulate the target environment. Maybe? I am not convinced. I have used qemu (with virtfs) in my interactive session to test possibly suspicious 3-rd party apps, running as my regular interactive user. With this vulnerability, the app might have escaped the sandbox and added evil stuff to my .bashrc. The SELinux would be totally useless there. In other circumstances, the damage would be much more localized -- I mean, if you run qemu as daemon, you are likely doing it as non-privileged user anyway, so even regular unix permissions would be effective. Yes, captive portals are the enemy. They break an important assumption: requests either succeed and return correct data, or fail and return an error. Were you writing a forum post? It was lost because it got submitted to captive portal. Were you in dynamic app? It crashed because it got HTML instead of JSON. Does you page reload ads in the i-frames? Your page position and page itself is now lost, and you are in captive portal page. Did you have a native app which did HTTP requests and cached them? Congrats, you have invalid data in your cache now. And I have seen captive portals which were broken. How about you get redirected to login page every time you go to your favorite website, because the redirect page got cached somehow? Good riddance. Yes, the browsers should include better captive portal support like android does, possibly triggered by the SSL certificate mismatch errors, but even the current situation when I have to type "aaa.com" by hand all the time is great. Well, the actual CPU cores are designed by Imagination Technologies, which are based in UK. I would not be so sure that they are fully safe. You can make an argument that it is still an improvement, because there are no obvious binary blobs required by the system. But in this case, I would recommend going for one of the many Chinese ARM cores -- at least you can buy them easily. When I found both client.py and client.lisp, I thought it would be nice to see direct lisp/python comparison. However, turns out Python version does much more that Lisp one (it maintains edit field even if other people send the messages), so no direct comparison is possible. Author, can you add a simplified python client with exactly the same functionality as the lisp one? Typerwriters won't help. Soviets could bug them in 1976: https://arstechnica.com/security/2015/10/how-soviets-used-ib... I bet that now, CIA can do it much more stealthily. And I also think that it is pretty hard to make these 1980's workstations secure -- that old DOS software was full of vulnerabilities, and it has no modern protections at all (usernames, kernel mode). I remember back at high school we had "1980s style set of workstations each accessing things from the floppy drive." and they were full of viruses. And once you have your code on target computers, you can exfiltrate data pretty easily (emit right patterns with pc speaker, memory access, display, etc..) One caveat: all your custom enabled/disabled hosts disappear after "update" command. > Since Airship self-updates, it needs to be able to write to itself. > chown -R myusername:www-data airship > chmod -R g+w airship Have you ever wondered why some people say that PHP is insecure? That's one of the major reasons. This app claims to care about security, but at the same time it self-updates and has no external code integrity control. This means that if the webapp has a vulnerability which was exploited, it will be very hard to detect it -- was this file changed by auto-updater or by malware? you don't know. And even if the new version of webapp was released which fixes the bug, you can not be sure that infection is gone -- because the update process may also be compromised. And you cannot easily remove code dir and re-download -- the settings are mixed-in with the code. Compare it with any other stack -- Ruby on Rails, Django, JAR files, whatever. Code cannot modify itself. The only writable thing is the database. Additionally, the repository is often under git control. If there is a vulnerability, update software and restart the server (if in doubt, backup the database and nuke/rebuild the server instead). Even if you made a configuration error and left code dir writable, "git status" is enough to tell you any changed/added files. And this is why you, as an admin, should avoid PHP if you care about security. Sure, you can use sane techniques even with PHP code -- I am sure that's what Facebook and Wikipedia do -- but most random PHP projects will require writable code dir. When choosing a web app, choose non-PHP one first. I strongly disagree -- I think "self writing code" has the worst failure mode ever: any security vulnerability leads to permanent compromise which is persistent across versions and requires non-trivial skill even to detect. Because there will be security vulnerability, and people will be exploited, and even if your update system runs every 4 hours, it will take dev team some time to write up a fix and push an update. And obviously, the first thing attacker would do will be to disable any integrity checks your auto-update does. So in the most common case, the host will stay compromised forever. This looks pretty horrible to me. I am appealed that you call this "theoretical". But then, (in my experience) the security is not a strong side of PHP community. The sad part, it is not hard to fix. You already have separate update script -- obviously "don't chmod/chown anything" is not enough, you at least want the cache directory to be writeable, and while I have not looked at the code, I suspect there may be other locations that web app will want to write to. You can change your Dockerfile to use secure setup. It will take a bit of work but it is definitely possible. Until this is done, "simply secure" is only until the first compromise. Here is a much simpler explanation: people want to buy cheap stuff. If given a choice between $1200 appliance which lasts 25 years, and $1000 appliance which last 15 years, and no infomation about the actual lifetimes, most people would choose the cheaper model. The people feel good, the sales rise, and who cares what happens in 15 years -- the company will have different execs by that time. And once people get used to 15 years life, the company can introduce even cheaper mode which lasts 10 years only! See -- no conspiracy theories required, just general greed and irresponsibility. :) > The auto-updater does nothing to make this worse. That's true of any vulnerable system. Once you're owned, you're owned. No. If you have RCE in the regular app, the attacker cannot make attack 'stick'. Once you reboot the machine, or restart service (in case of systemd), any malicious code no longer runs. Now, if there is a privilege escalation bug the situation will get worse, but having 2 unpatched bugs is significantly less likely. Of course, you want to make sure unattended updates are enabled so your host OS is up to date. As a result, most other systems will actually self-heal from minor compromises. Only your system (any many other PHP systems in general) will stay compromised forever. > It runs every 15 minutes, in the default configuration, and our usual turnaround time for getting a bugfix out is less than 1 hour. 1 hour from what? From someone sending email to your team? If a black hat finds an exploit in your service, they will start compromizing the existing web servers first. You will not find out about the bug until someone notices something weird on their installation, and that will take way more than an hour. > 2. Don't chown/chmod. Have you actually tried this? Looking at your github, there seems to be `src/tmp/cache` directory -- presumably at least this one should be chmod'ed? What about others? What about plugins -- would they work fine without writeable root? I have tried to make other PHP packages use immutable code, and it was very flaky and painful. You need to structure your program in a certain way to make sure it works with immutable root -- one location for temp, another for configs, third for the code. If your main development team uses writable code, there is a high chance immutable code would not work well. > It's not broken, it's a trade-off. Nothing to fix. > The reason we do this by default is because our threat model is ensuring automatic updates work for everyone (including people who are not sophisticated enough to set up a cronjob). Why do you say it's hard to set up a cronjob? It is simple -- your deb/rpm package just includes file /etc/cron.d/aristrip, and voila -- you are done. The only place where cronjob setup is hard is on these cheap shared PHP hosting services. And I think no one should be using them -- get a $5 Linode VM instead. The thing is, the modern Linux systems went pretty far in terms of security and isolation. You have multiple easy-to-use technologies for threat protection -- docker, Apparmor, capabilities, systemd' *Path, etc.. They work pretty well to make sure that attacker which got RCE cannot take a hold on a system and elevate privileges. Except your system is not compatible with any of them, by design. Because you don't care. Maybe you should change your motto from "A Secure Content Management System for the Modern Web" to "A Secure Content Management System for the Cheap Shared PHP Hosting", because you can certainly do much better for the modern web. > If possible, use a separate computer (an old one or a cheap one purchased for this purpose) for things like banking; if your family computer is the same one that you use for bank transactions you risk having your kids click on a bad link that results in a hacking. So true! A $100 unrooted Android tablet is almost infinitely more secure than the windows/mac, even with the best antivirus. Or if you like physical keyboard (I do), get a $300 Chromebook and do all your banking there. Just don't login with your primary google account, or someone may install evil chrome extension on it. Well, qubes requires technical expertise, and a lot of people have a tablet anyway. My point is, if you want to check online banking, your tablet (ipad|android) is much more secure than your (windows|linux|mac) laptop. For example, here is how I would explain Android security to someone non-technical: "Do not ever enable 'unknown sources' setting, and always refuse if it asks you something about installing a keyboard". Try doing the same for full-featured laptop. The regular expressions in Ruby, Perl and Python supported "extended syntax" for a long time (x flag). For an example, see the first first section http://www.perl.com/pub/2004/01/16/regexps.html (this is perl , ruby is very similar). I think the article would be easier to read if all the regexes were in extended form, but I suppose that author is an expert regex user, so the examples were easy enough for him. And finally, perl6 totally re-did text matching with "grammars" ( https://docs.perl6.org/language/grammars.html ) -- they use much more readable syntax, nameable groups, etc... It really is quite a wonderful thing, I with it was available in other languages. FYI: "The data on programming languages, their influence relations and the programming paradigms they are classified into comes from the Freebase Programming Language collection, which is largely based on information from Wikipedia. Freebase data is not necessarily correct or complete." How would barter system prevent the goods made by robots? As long as robot-employing countries remain, they will still produce cheaper goods. All this means is that if I need a pencil, I will go to my local "trader" to barter things I have for imported, industrially-produced pencils. even with shipping, a pencil factory overseas will still produce much cheaper pencils that artisanal pencil maker. More technologically advanced items would be even worse. If you want people to shun goods made by robots, you should campaign for visible "MADE BY ROBOTS" markings on relevant products, educate people why this is bad, and maybe also tax such produce extra for a good measure. Of course, it may not work very well, may have an opposite effect (see "Made In Germany" story), and will definitely introduce potential for abuse and gaming of the system. The team I am on uses git because we want clean and linear commit history. This means "master" and private branches are very different: - private branches have lots of random commits which no one will care about once feature is done: "start on feature", "fix typo", "add test", "fix feature", "add interface to foobar", "fix a bug", "fix it for real", "add another function to foobar interface".. and so on - "master" has a nice, clean history. The corresponding commits would be : "add interfaces to foobar", "add feature" This means the developers are actually expected to squash/merge/reword their commits before submitting to master. The submit scripts also enforce ff-only merges, so the master is fully linear. We like this workflow because it has advantages of both SVN -- linear, easy-to-read history, and of git -- you can commit as often as you want and you can share your work easily. Now, we have users struggle with git periodically, but it looks that trying to use Mercurial in our workflow will be even worse -- most of the Mercurial references seem to disapprove of rebasing in general. Example: http://stackoverflow.com/questions/2672351/hg-how-to-do-a-re... I understand that this is somewhat unusual workflow; but it illustrates the power of git. You can have a huge variety of the workflows, while Mercurial (and many others) push people towards a single preferred one. And sure, modern hg has "rebase" and "histedit", but they just seem like second-class citizens, and they are much less polished than git's (for example, histedit's man page says " If you drop a change, it's gone forever". Scary! I think I will just use git instead) This project specifically does not try to implement memory, leaving this to Raspberry PI. In this case (1), the simplest CPU (by part count) is a 1-bit one, such as Motorola MC14500B. The application handbook http://tinymicros.com/mediawiki/images/e/ec/MC14500B_Handboo... (pdf) explains how it works. - CPU does not contain program counter: instead, a regular binary counter counts PC from 0 to max program ROM, then wraps. You can clear OEN bit to turn write operations into no-op's. (For an advanced usage, you have JMP and RTN instructions which just set corresponding pins. It is up to you to wire something to them.) - CPU does not contain instruction decoder: instead, some bits from program ROM are wired to address bus. For example, 16-bit wide ROM will be split into 4 bit instruction and 12 bit memory address. Max amount of RAM supported depends on your ROM's width. RAM is bit-addressable. There is no indirect RAM access (unless you implement it yourself). - CPU does not contain wide registers: you get one data bit, one result bit, and two flags, for 4 bits of state total. - CPU does not contain ALU: you can do AND/OR/XOR, optionally inverted -- so just a single bit LU unit. This machine is not Turing complete at all (2), but it is still possible to implement basic arithmetic, as well as simple games such as "pong". (1) I am ignoring all other requirements here, like clear layout and educational value. (2) Strictly speaking, no real machine is Turing complete, because Turing machines require infinite memory. But this machine is super bad because it has no indirect memory access at all. Why would startups need to do this? AFAIK, at least for small US companies, they can just hire anyone they want. They are not obliged to post the jobs or accept general resumes -- if they want to hire an insider, they just hire him, and no one outside would even be aware that there was a job offering. I have heard about larger companies / government agencies having these kinds of interviews due to internal procedures, but hopefully most startups have more sane setup. FTR, this is about "remote direct memory access" in a "set of data plane libraries and network interface controller drivers for fast packet processing" in Linux. Nothing to do with Democratic People's Republic of Korea. The authors explicitly compare saltpack and PGP, and all of you questions get answered when you think about it as "better PGP", an encryption designed to be used with email, generic online messengers, forums and so on: > Not totally sure what BaseX is, how it compares versus Base64, especially post HTTP deflate compressions, but I'm not sure I like it. BaseX is "armor" -- a way to insert binary data into the text-only media such as email messages and forum posts. It seems to be way more convenient, as it uses no punctuation and is whitespace-insensetive. For example, I have once tries to send PGP message via gmail web interface and it took me two or three tries to figure out how to properly paste the text without gmail inserting extra whitespace and making the message undecodeable. BaseX should not have such problems. It is slightly less efficient that base64, including under compression, but I think it is worth it. > I'm pretty sure this kind of exercise is better left out, and that everyone should just use zstd on whatever encoding so as to decouple problem domains. Are you talking about zstd as in "Zstandard - Fast real-time compression algorithm"? This has nothing to do with this proposal, there is no compression anywhere in there. > Round two of skepticism: msgpack is a niche player with no clear big corporate sponsor. Protobufs, flatbufs, and thrift are all actively making faster better quicker implementations, but I can not off the top of my head think of any major msgpack lovers. Avro also seems to just generally have some fast impls already, especially on platforms I care about[1], so credit there too. The deserialization speed does not really matter. All saltpack messages are encrypted, and your decryption time will dominate your deserialization time. > I ought review, but out of hand I can't think of anything distinguishing about msgpack. Well, msgpack is in a completely different group from Protobufs/flatbufs/and thrift. The former is a protocol, which is implemented by a number of libraries, while the latter is a specific library, available from a single vendor only. As a result, msgpack has fewer features (no schema support at all), but is not bound to a single large corporation. IMHO, a right choice for global communication protocol. > Definitely nice having some alternative to Salmon protocol[2] (as in Buzz, OStatus) on hand. Wait, what? Salmon is about blogs on the web, HTTP posts, XML schemas embedded in HTML. The encryption is only a small part of it. Saltpack is about encryption email/chat/messaging, has no specification of payload format, and designed to work without HTTP using efficient formats. I see very few common things between two protocols. > Alas I believe it's again fully encapsulating, versus say http signatures[3], where the signature is decoupled from the payload. It takes both types!! Neither is right. Well, the big difference is that http signatures have no encryption while saltpack has it. So just two very different goals that they want to achieve. Looking at CBOR spec, I see that it is just more complex. Two ways to encode lists/strings -- indefinite-length and strings. 16-bit floats in the main spec. Separation of "null" and "undefined" values. And tags, with which define things like decimal fractions, bigints, and regexps. The tags are the worst, actually. Sure, spec says "decoders do not need to understand tags", but this is not really the case. For example, if someone has floating point numbers and worries about precision loss, they can store the value as _decimal fraction_ (per section 2.4.3). This means that your decoders have to support both tagging and your favorite bignum library just to make sense of the data. In comparison, in msgpack (or json or xml or anything else) you would just have to store a string representation -- trivial to convert to either regular floats if you do not care, or to pass to your favorite bignum library (and this will be simple, as all of them support constructor based on ascii strings). In general, I think optional tags in data-interchange protocols are a very bad idea. For example, there is a tag for "Standard date/time string" and for "Epoch-based date/time". Which means that either: - You schema says "date/time", and your decoder now must support both of them (and probably untagged strings, and integers too). So this is an extra complexity in your decoder. - Your schema says "date/time in 'Standard date/time string' format", and now every encoder user must make sure the emitted value is encoded and tagged appropriately. This means you cannot do `x = cbor_encode({"now": date})`, you have to read your encoder documentation to make sure the CBOR encoder you are using will generate the required encoding. So extra complexity in either case, and no real benefits. Better stick to msgpack, at least it has no extensions defined currently. "While much of the technology required to develop a self-driving car will be made freely available, certain features, which Lu says will include some mapping and machine-learning services, will be accessible through an application programming interface that Baidu will control." Open-source core, but key parts would be closed sourced -- just like AOSP and Android. Still, should be lots of interesting code. I feel that raspberry pi has another advantage -- it teaches people that not all computing is x86. x86 is always almost associated with proprietary close-source code -- both in BIOS, in SMM and various motherboard peripherals. I personally would be very happy to use simpler devices, but if you want high performance and cheap, then x86 is your only choice. Using non-x86 devices like Raspberry Pi is the first step in breaking this. Yes, Pi itself has closed-source components, but once the people understand that it is feasible and not hard to run generic server code on ARM/RISC CPUs, the demand will appear, and the market would act and bring cheaper and faster servers to the market. And this is already happening -- for example I think odroids got popular only after Pi has created the demand. So if you have a choice between x86 and non-x86, chose the latter if you can, to make the world a bit more secure and open. In C, I could not find good libraries for basic stuff (dynamic string manipulation, variable-sized arrays, hash tables). I tried glib but it was much worse than C++'s STL. It is entirely possible to write C-style programs in C++ (very few classes, globals all over the place) and so on, and at least for me, C-style software in C++ are much safer/easier to debug than C-style software in C . They have re-implemented entire network stack above IP layer. They start from raw IP (protocol 99), and then added "AES, SHA, RSA, and elliptic curve". So you cannot use TCP/UDP/TLS/QUIC -- they are too insecure; instead let's have a bunch of code designed by unknown people, likely with not professional crypto experience, and not verified by anyone. Riight.... Absolutely true, but does this justify Uber's workspace culture, Waymo secrets, or sidestepping law enforcement (main reasons for Kalanick's resignation according to article)? Glad to hear from authors! Question 1: So how is your solution better than UDP/QUIC or TCP/TLS? Yes, you have to properly tune and use protocols, by padding the data properly, and by setting up DDOS mitigations. Still, it will be much less work that writing a new protocol from scratch, and it will be better than your protocol in every single aspect. Question 2: What do you mean "highly successful"? I did not see anything in the whitepaper (but I have not read it very carefully), and the website has two quotes from hilariously incompetent pentesters. Do you have any other evidence of success? Note: that answer is mostly incorrect. 1. While simple TCP/IP implementations have SYN flood issues, there are plenty of ways to mitigate them, including SYN cookies and third-party firewalls and load balancers. In fact, the SYN flood mitigations are so good, that most modern attacks are either raw traffic, or higher-level connections. 2. TLS pads your messages to block size (for example, 16 bytes). If your message size varies by a bigger amount, just pad all of your messages manually. This takes 2 lines in modern scripting languages. No need to switch to all-new suite. 3. This is just outright wrong. If you have messages which are "fully encrypted, authenticated, validated", then it means you run ZeroMQ with either TLS or CurveZMQ. Both of them have full protection against replay attack. Did you read the linked article? The law enforcement thing (at https://www.nytimes.com/2017/05/04/technology/uber-federal-i... ) was started by Portland, Oregon. What does it have to do with NYC? Reply to your message edits: > 1) UDP leaks information, thereby violating the C in CIAA. Which information? Properly encrypted UDP only shows destination IP and port number. Your protocol shows destination IP and protocol number (99) -- since very few people use it, protocol 99 is as distinct as UDP port. Moreover, if you are concerned with UDP port leak, you can just use a random destination port on server, or masquerade as some other UDP protocol. There is no such option with current ControlMQ system > TCP is subject to the SYN resource exhaustion attack, and is connection oriented which is brittle. You do know about SYN cookies, right? And you know that SYN flood is easily defeated now -- for example, out of 5 most significant DDOS attacks in 2016 ( https://www.tripwire.com/state-of-security/security-data-pro... ) , none used SYN flood. > Both are vulnerable to packet replay attacks, which is a particularly troubling problem for controls. Any control connection should use encryption. Every popular encryption method (including TLS and QUIC) protects against replay attacks. > 2) The pen testers that evaluated our technology we believe to be highly competent. Well, all I have is front page quote, and I see the words "We were unable to [...] observe [...] the message traffic" and "TCP and all the UDP ports only list that they are open/unfiltered". This apparently means they could not even use wireshark to observe the IP message traffic -- they just ran "nmap" and found not ports. This is pretty sad for a pentester. I would expect to see mentions of DOS attacks and fuzz testing. For example, what happens if I just start sending random packets to your daemon? How many packets per second it can handle before it fails over? What if I compromise a client, extract a session establishment key from it (assuming you have one), and start to establish new sessions? how many will your server handle before failing? I was going to type in the long, point-by-point response, but then I saw this: > Replay attacks protection by TLS, etc uses sequence numbers which expects a continuous connection. There is the setup phase that must be taken into account and then the entire series of packets from that point on can be replayed. WHAT? You do know that you cannot just "take setup phase into account" in TLS unless you have both server and client secret keys, right? There is the whole "key exchange" step make it impossible? If you write stuff like this, for god's sake, do not design encryption protocols. I am horrified about what your code does if you do not know/don't understand key exchange concept. > Yes, but the packet replay protection is due to the sequence number of the packet that happens after the session is established. The TLS does not use pre-shared keys. Instead, every time a client establishes a new connection, there is a "key exchange" phase. Here is a simplified explanation: 1. client generates a random number, does some math on it, encrypts with server's certifcate, and sends to server; 2. server generates another random number, does some math on it, and sends to client. 3. after more math (see https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Diffie%E2%80%93Hellman_key_exc... ), both client and server get the session key. If the exchange was not tampered with, both client and server get the same session key. 4. client and server exchange messages encrypted with session key. If they both have the same session key, they will be able to decrypt the message properly; otherwise, the connection is closed. 5. Now client can send a command, such as "open door" The reason replay protection works is because every time session is established, the server will choose a different random number in step 2. So if you try to replay, then step 3 will generate different session keys, and step 4 will fail. Once the connection is established, there is a separate counter for replay protection, but it does not have to be complicated -- because we know that the session key is unique to this session alone. This is how TLS / DTLS / QUIC do replay protection. Do you agree that these protocols are fully replay-protected? 1. Your reply was "SYN cookies can be a solution, but it has limitations, and to overcome those limitations requires changes to the TCP protocol." Can you tell me more about these limitations? I thought the SYN cookies work pretty well. And they are pretty simple to setup -- in fact, they need no setup at all, as they are already enabled by default in the recent distributions. 2. Right, so how does your protocol solve a padding problem? Why won't this method work with ZeroMQ? 3. As I was saying above, this is still wrong. Both TLS and CurveZMQ are protected against replay attack. Well, you saw the quotes on the website, they did hire the best pentesters! For example, one pentester ran "nmap", which did not find any ports open, so he said "There doesn't seem to be an available service to attack." This means the system is SUPER SECURE. Look, you keep saying "on a suitably reliable network". Where do you get this stuff? TLS replay protection is always present and does not depend on network reliability at all. You might not establish TLS connection if your network is super bad, but it does not mean replay is possible. Can you PLEASE tell me how unreliable network allows TLS replay (or DTLS replay, or QUIC replay -- they all do key negotiation) Well, you may want to choose different quotes, or even better, make whole reports available. Because if your pentesters do not know what to do when nmap fails, this means they must be pretty clueless and thus their reports do not have much value. Today's bitcoin confirmation fee is 88140 satoshis (~$2) according to https://bitcoinfees.21.co/ Does not sound like a good idea for microtransactions. .. no protection against dishonest sellers .. no protection against dishonest buyers .. no protection against dishonest website operators > LaTeX documents, tables, images, videos, songs, computer programs, etc. have very little in common, so why make them all files? They have plenty of things of common -- you can make an independent local copy of them, you can copy them to USB stick and give to other people, they can be backed up to a local storage or to a cloud, they can be sent by e-mail. Having persistent objects means every single program has to implement its own cloud syncer and "copy to USB stick" functionality. In practice, this just means heavily siloed data -- as a power user, I would hate this. I have a feeling that if Adobe would publish detailed Flash file format specs when Flash started to decline, there would have been separate player implementations and Flash might still be alive today. Of course, this also means alternative editor implementations, and this decreases business value. This is also a lot of work. And at some point, it became too late -- if format would be published today, very few people would care. So I am not surprised Adobe decided to let the Flash die, rather than open it. I don't remember the flash permissions model being problematic. I saw two main problems with flash: - it was a lightweight and compatible way to insert animated ads. The animation consumed a lot of CPU. This is why most people blocked flash, and why most Apple refused to support it on ipads. - it had horrible security record. For some reason, Adobe could not fix the bugs in the Flash plugin. This is why IT departments started to block it. For more details, see this very interesing Steve Job's letter why Flash would never run on i-devices: https://www.apple.com/hotnews/thoughts-on-flash/ (note it does not even mention sandboxing model) C# I am curious how can you even break Google apart -- it is not like you can just split it into regional companies (like with Ma Bell). The article only mentions: - Fining Google over shopping-comparison results - Forcing Bell Labs to license its patents to all comers I don't think that the fines could reduce Google's or Facebook's market share in their primary market. As for the patent example, I am not sure how to apply it to Google/Facebook. AFAIK, their patent portfolio, or even their software, is not the key to their success -- their social networks are. Re modernity: is is true that Delphi/Object Pascal has no automatic memory management support, and it is up to the programmer to add lots of "try" blocks and manually code up destructors to release the resources? For example, this tutorial (from 2017) recommends doing "try .. finally: f.Release" block. https://www.thoughtco.com/communicating-between-forms-409254... This tutorial, which is also from 2017, says that that you need to either explicitly add each member to an owned list, or to explicitly free every class member in destructor: http://newpascal.org/assets/modern_pascal_introduction.html#... Is this a recommended best practice? I hope not -- most (all?) of the modern languages either have GC, or offer automatic refcounted pointers, and Object Pascal claims to be modern. I know the disadvantages of GC; what I am asking about is "smart pointer", like C++'s std::shared_ptr, or Rust's Rc. It is used like this: In the class definition: std::shared_ptr big_struct; In the constructor (or anywhere else in the program): big_struct = std:::make_shared (arg1, arg2) and that's it. When there are no more users of the pointer (for example, when the container object disappears), it will get destroyed automatically. There is no magic -- this is a simple reference counting pointer, and the compiler will automatically add the release call to the object destructor, on function exits, or in any other place when the variable is no longer accessible. I found these things extremely helpful in the modern languages without GC. They are obviously not perfect -- if you have a complex structure with a loop it will never get destroyed -- but they eliminate 99% of all possible memory leaks with a very little effort. And the good news, they have almost no overhead. They are also fully thread-safe, so they become extremely helpful if you have a multi-threaded application and you want to pass the data between the threads. This is the simplest of things that modern non-GC languages, and this is one of the big reasons why I no longer do C, just C++. There are more advanced features, of course, but I don't think you can call a language "modern" if it does not even have the smart pointers. I work in robotics, and I meet people with this attitude all the time. This kind of thinking is OK when your robot is a small desktop toy, or a humanoid robot moving at 1 cm/second, but this approach will not work if your robots can damage expensive equipment or kill people. The key thing to understand is that your simulator is not a fixed product provided by a third-party. It grows organically with your codebase. So any time you encounter a bug in the real word, you have a three step process: - Create a test case to reproduce your bug in the simulation. This may involve updating your simulator to simulate the new physical properties we care about (such as new failure modes or new types of the sensor noise) - Fix your code, and make sure your test case passes - Add the test case to automatic testing suite and keep it there *forever*. this is the most important part. For an SDC company, the test suite is almost as important as the code itself. The time spent on writing testing code and test cases could be actually more than time spent writing the driving code itself. Unfortunately, many academic courses use an opposite approach: they use pre-made simulators, and do not modify them at all. This gives students the wrong expectation that you can find a simulator which can just simulate everything perfectly out-of-the-box; when this (predictably) fails, they become disappointed in the whole simulation idea. Sounds like USSR's education system. A high school would require 8-9 classes every semester, and you don't really have a choice about which classes to take. You have to take physics, literature (world and local), chemistry, "russian" (similar to composition/creative writings in US schools), math, art, and so on. There was a lot of complaining about the classes -- most people don't enjoy knowing both properties of organic acids and major themes in Fet's poems at the same time. And many people would feel some classes are mostly a waste of time. Still, it did allow one to discover what they want.