Bugzilla is pretty nice. Blogs? Nobody. I pay to read the authors that I'm willing to pay for, when I buy their books. Out of the OP's list, I've bought books by Steve McConnell, Paul Graham, Ted Neward and Joel Spolsky. A nice, basic, simple (but not easy ) way is this: a. cut the gratuitously bad stuff out of your diet. Drop sodas, chips, candy, etc. If you eat fast food, get a grilled chicken sandwich and a salad instead of a double cheeseburger and fries. B. add some exercise. It doesn't have to be a lot, but what has worked well for me over the years is walking on a treadmill, and gradually upping the incline to increase the resistance as my conditioning improves; and/or increasing my speed or adding time to my sessions. You'd be amazed how much weight you can lose if you walk on a treadmill for an hour at 3.5 MPH, with the incline set all the way up, 4-5 times a week. Just be patient. Trying to lose more than 2 lbs a week is probably not a good idea, and it takes some fairly hard work (see above) to lose even 2 lbs a week. That is bloody brilliant! Love it... Most job ads I see say "Bachelors degree or equivalent experience " In those cases, definitely apply even without a degree. And even if they don't, apply anyway. A lot of time stuff gets put in job descriptions by copy & paste, or because it's common, not because it's an actual requirement. Yeah, HR might filter you out for not having a degree in some cases, but you'll get past them to the hiring manager in other cases, then you have a chance to sell yourself. 1. programming.reddit.com, Slashdot, Hacker News (Honorable mention: java.net, theserverside.com and freshmeat.net) 2. my personal library, Borders, Barnes & Noble 3. Sluggy Freelance, User Friendly, Dilbert (Honorable Mention: BOFH ) 4. TriJUG Mail List, TriLUG Mail List, saloon.javaranch.com TC demands to go first, eh? Feh... remind me to not submit anything to TC then. That's just pathetic. Mashable or CenterNetworks or any (and all) of a bazillion other blogs cover the same space to varying degrees anyway. Gen-X according to those ranges (born in 1973) but I disagree with at least some details of these definitions, if not the entire premise behind labeling "generations." For example, the Gen-X stereotype would be some lazy, self-centered kid listening to 90's grunge music, while blaming his parents generation for fucking up the world, while wearing a flannel shirt and ridiculously long sideburns. I feel pretty much nothing in common with that stereotype, fucking hate grunge music, and am far more interested in how we (my "generation" or whoever) can change the world, than in assigning blame to others. I find that it depends on what mood I'm in and what I'm trying to do. Sometimes I like metal when coding, sometimes trance or europop type stuff, and sometimes classical. And there are plenty of times when silence is best. Now excuse me while I put on some Armored Saint... On FreeNode, I auto join these channels when I bother to start my IRC client, which may or may not happen any given day. #trilug (Triangle Linux User's Group) #trijug (Triangle Java User's Group) #trilug-mtb (people in trilug who ride MTBs) #fedora #centos #asterisk #centos #openmoko #java #eclipse #spring #jboss #hibernate #ruby #erlang #prolog #lisp #ai #swig #machinelearning #openqabal OpenOffice Calc. One nice thing about OOo is that you can write scripts / extensions in pretty much any language you feel comfortable with. I think I've seen some reference to some integration between R and Calc as well, which would make Calc incredibly powerful for statistical analysis. And they're not the only ones: https://openqabal.dev.java.net/ (disclaimer: OpenQabal is a project I started). I'm pretty sure there are a few other projects out there as well, doing more or less the same thing(s). If everybody working on one of these projects could get in sync, and agree to common protocols and formats, so that they could all interoperate, it would make it that much more likely for the federated / decentralized approach to catch on. I'm not sure it'll happen though. Nobody seems to really be talking about it (yet). I agree with what a number of others have said here: Java isn't ideal for front-end web stuff, but it still has a lot of uses for low level data processing and back-end work. Also, the JVM is a great platform, and you can target it with any number of languages: Groovy, Clojure, Scala, Nice, JRuby, Jython, etc. Personally I'm using Groovy on Grails for the web front-end part(s) of my current project, and even using Groovy for some of the "backend'ish" parts just to get through the initial prototype. Grails and Groovy are amazing in terms of developer speed - compared to Java anyway. But since it's all still on the JVM, I can just drop in existing Java libraries and - if, or when - I need to, it'll be fairly easy to transition bits to Java. For my money, it's the best of both worlds at the moment. Then again, the stuff I'm doing is somewhat "enterprisey" so being on the JVM will probably actually be a selling point down the road. > Another aspect is that many cool new things are happening > in languages other than Java - they have more interesting > tools (eg. Sinatra), and more interesting energy in the > community, because they attract those crazy, eager, > young, passionate, enthusiastic early adopters. Of all the comparisons I've heard, this is one I'd say I'm dubious about. There is still a LOT of activity in the Java space, and lots of cool and interesting tools and libraries continue to be written in Java. Off the top of my head, I'd mention Lucene, Hadoop, Weka, Mahout, Tika, HornetQ, UIMA, GATE, Camel, Jackrabbit, DERI Pipes, etc., etc. This isn't too say that other languages don't also have lots of activity in tools and libraries and frameworks, but I think Java is still in pretty solid shape in this regard. Yeah, but they're all being actively developed, so I'm not sure how much it matters when the project was originated. And that was just "off the cuff" of stuff I use or am interested in. There's other stuff out there as well. Anyway, I'm not arguing that Java is the most active in this regard, just that this particular criticism - of all the ones one could level - is, in my humble opinion, relatively weak. Well, Groovy has been around longer than Clojure, IIRC, and maybe longer than Scala, or about as long. So I'd guess that quite a few Java people who were interested in alternatives got exposed to Groovy before Scala and Clojure started gaining traction. And since there are only so many hours in the day... at some point you have to start building stuff instead of just learning new languages. Also, Groovy's syntax is very Java like. In fact, Groovy is pretty close to a superset of Java, so you can often - if not always - rename a .java file to .groovy, and compile it with groovyc and run it. This makes it easy to leverage your existing knowledge of Java, while slowly working in the idiomatic Groovy. All of that said, I personally plan to learn both Scala and Clojure as well; and will probably take my Scala book to the Triangle JVM Hack Night meeting tomorrow night and spend a couple of hours poking at Scala. > The sourceforge project was registered on the 15th of may, this is not a project that has been in > mainstream development for two years. It may have been in development for two years but not with the > kind of push behind it that you need for a successful launch of a web application. Not sure what it matters how long it's been in development. If he's worked X years and gotten N amount of work done, he's still N amount of work ahead of where he'd be if he just started today, or the same day as the Diaspora guys. If that work amounts to anything, it could be a considerable advantage, if he does get some attention and gets some other people onboard. If not, he's still no worse off than if he hadn't done anything and decided to launch a new decentralized social network project today. > It looks like someone's pet project that did not gain much traction that they're trying to breathe > new life in. Yeah, I know the feeling. I started a project with similar goals a while back ( https://openqabal.dev.java.net ) but got distracted and didn't get very far with it. Now I've changed the focus of my project to something different and am restarting development, but it's kinda moved away from the Diaspora / decentralized social network thing. That said, I do think that everybody working on a decentralized social network (or any social network, really) should get together (virtually anyway) and collaborate on the underlying protocols and techniques for federation. No reason one shouldn't be able to run a Diaspora server and exchange data with a site running a $WHATEVER server (allowing for privacy restrictions, etc., which kinda kick-started this whole discussion). > Open letters are good for joe public to reach the town mayor or Ty Coon when all other avenues of trying to reach them have been exhausted. > They're not exactly the best avenue to contact the people that run a competing open source project about a possible collaboration. Agreed. > I think it matters how long they've been at it because that is how they describe other projects, as having 'too little steam' behind them. I can't really tell the difference between those other projects with too little steam behind them and this one. Well, "steam" in this regard can - IMO - come and go. You can start a project, do little or nothing to publicize it, tinker on it for a while, drop it, then restart it and you haven't really lost anything... if you step in two years later and start working on the project, committing code, doing releases, and publicizing it, I don't know that anybody will care about the "lost years." Or maybe I'm wrong, who knows? For all practical purposes, no. The last time I played any sort of computer game regularly was back in the dial-up BBS days of the mid 90's, when I played door games like Legend Of The Red Dragon fairly often. These days, I might logon to a MUD and poke around for a few minutes, or fire up adventure and play a little while, once every blue moon or so. But that's about it. That's hardly a "picking apart." He basically says "Yeah, your one example, which was basically a metaphor anyway, well, it's actually true, but well, it's not as neat as you think it is." Ok, and? Depends on if he's met Ray Kurzweil or not. From a sci-fi perspective, William Gibson writes some good stuff. Spook Country has some interesting ideas around geo-location, wireless connectivity and augmented reality. Actually, any of the cyberpunk authors might potentially be of interest to you. Outside of that, there's Ray Kurzweil... and J. Storrs Hall has written a couple of good books on nanotech and AI. http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/J._Storrs_Hall Well, the "Unix Philosophy" is a big part of what is widely regarded as "hacker culture" so you might give this a look: http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Unix_philosophy There's also the "Hacker Ethic" to look at: http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Hacker_ethic And his stuff doesn't necessarily have a name, but Eric Raymond's writings have been pretty influential to a lot of hackers. http://www.catb.org/~esr/writings/ There's a pile of great AI/ML content up on Youtube as well. IIT has posted two cool AI series that HN'ers might like. See: http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=eLbMPyrw4rw&feature=PlayL... and/or http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=fV2k2ivttL0&feature=PlayL... I'm going through the "Behind The Wheel" series on Spanish now, and it's been interesting so far. I'm far from fluent in Spanish, but I've definitely learned a lot. One thing though... if you try to learn a foreign language, it helps a LOT if you have somebody to talk to - who is already fluent (preferably a native speaker). Without somebody to talk to, it's hard to really know how well you're doing. Stanford University put out a really good podcast series from their Entrepreneurship Corner program: http://ecorner.stanford.edu/podcasts.html If by "your company" you mean the $DAYJOB, then it's "other." My dayjob company makes an enterprise document management system that is meant to serve as a repository for all sorts of documents and reports and stuff. And since we eat our own dogfood (more or less) we use it internally. OTOH, if you mean "my startup oriented activities" then the answer is a combination of miscellaneous files scattered all over the file system on my laptop, email spread across two or three accounts, some documents in Google Documents, a Google Wave or two, and all sorts of notebooks and whiteboards full of scribbles and crap, spread around my apartment. :-) I missed the initial thread, so thanks for bringing this up. It's interesting stuff. I'd say I'm definitely an information addict. :-( I look at it as a self-correcting problem. It's a brain-dead stupid HR policy and firms that adopt brain-dead policies will eventually be beaten out by firms that don't. And yes, I am a Libertarian. :-) Are you just trying to take advantage of multiple cores on one physical box, or are you looking to spread work out over a cluster? If it's the former, JVM threads should be able to take advantage of multiple cores, IIRC. Just read Doug Lea's book on Java concurrency: http://www.awprofessional.com/bookstore/product.asp?isbn=020... If you want to go over a cluster, there are a few options. If your problem can be done in map/reduce fashion, there is Hadoop: http://hadoop.apache.org or if you want a traditional RCP styled approach (eg, MPI), there are Java bindings for MPI: http://aspen.ucs.indiana.edu/pss/HPJava/mpiJava.html In either case, Doug's homepage is a great resource: http://gee.oswego.edu/~dl/index.html and the HPJava page might be of interest as well: http://www.hpjava.org/ Well, it's not exactly a "Nobel Prize" but there is the Turing Award: http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Turing_Award The "advertising clause" is only found in the old 4-clause BSD license though (or licenses derived from the 4-clause BSD). But that style has gone out of favor, as people found the advertising clauses caused problems, such as a proliferation of required attributions (especially obnoxious in the case of "badgeware" clauses which require something displayed as part of the UI), and not being GPL compatible. But as long as you maintain the copyright notice (which is required by the vast majority of licenses) then attribution is implicit... you just have to read the code to find it. http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/BSD_licenses#4-clause_license_.... Well, that depends on what the goal is, right? If I were a MS shareholder and wanted to see them grow and profit and succeed, I'd say somebody like Ray Ozzie. But since I despise Microsoft and really don't care if they crash and burn or whatever, I'd go for somebody else for either ironic effect, comic potential, or just sheer absurdity. So my list of candidates would be: 1. Richard Stallman 2. Eric S. Raymond 3. Zed Shaw 4. Jamie Zawinski 5. Joel Spolsky 6. Darl McBride 7. Linus Torvalds 8. Paul Graham 9. Tom Siebel 10. Sir Tim Berners-Lee 11. Tony Hayward Some people argue software should be agnostic. They say it's arrogant for developers to limit features or ignore feature requests. They say software should always be as flexible as possible. We think that's bullshit. The best software has a vision. The best software takes sides. When someone uses software, they're not just looking for features, they're looking for an approach. They're looking for a vision. Decide what your vision is and run with it. Well, I, in turn, think that's bullshit. IMO, the best software conforms to the way the user works, rather than trying to force the user to work in a way that's unnatural to them. The arguments against a confusing preferences pane and the arguments for sensible defaults in no way contradict the notion of making software than is flexible enough for power users. Poor UI design (3 different places to set prefs?) is orthogonal to the issue of whether or not something should be configurable. Power Users don't matter? Maybe for certain classes of consumer applications that don't face a steep barrier to adoption in the first place. But for some apps, it's the power users who are the early adopters, who first begin using and evangelizing for the software and without whom it would never catch on in the first place. Do you really want to piss those folks off? Make the damn "advanced preferences" pane more or less hidden (ala, about:config) but document the shit out of it and make sure it's at least there for the people who do care. If you don't mind having to write test cases for thousands of permutations of possible settings, go ahead and let your customer change everything. A simple product, however, is far easier to maintain. Obviously it's not a black and white issue... at some point if you provide enough options, you've probably provided a turing complete DSL. And that's not what I'm advocating. I'm advocating making things configurable "within reason" where I'll freely concede that "within reason" is a subjective measure. And you're right about the cost, so you have to weigh that cost against the potential lost sales from not providing a given option. And you never know for 100% sure, especially since people who don't buy your product don't typically call you up and say "Hey, I didn't buy your stuff and here's why." "Silent evidence" as it were. So it's still a bit of a judgment call. I just come down on the side of being a bit more accepting of options and configurable items, than what I think the parent article is advocating. Ok, sure, you have to draw a line somewhere . Point conceded. But the position taken by the parent article seems to be pretty close to "don't make a damn thing configurable" and that is a position I think is flat wrong - for many classes of software. Then again, my interest is more in complex, multi-user, enterprise systems, where you are likely to have more varying forces at work (integration with other systems, needs of different classes of users, etc.) than something like, say, a TODO app for ones iPhone. but OP is saying that more preferences don't necessitate poor UI design This. And also that you could have the "right" number of preferences (if such a thing exists) and still have a crappy UI. IOW, UI quality and number of preferences vary independently. I have yet to see a highly complex piece of enterprise software that people actually liked to use. Honestly, I think the current state of enterprise throw everything and the kitchen sink at the problem software just demonstrates the downsides of a complex and highly configurable system. If you don’t know what people will be using it for then you can’t build a streamlined system. True, true. And that's why I find articles like the parent useful, because they do serve to remind use that we should strive for simplicity... That is, while I may largely disagree with what seems to be the "logical conclusion" of the article, I don't disagree that things should be, as they say, "as simple as possible, but no simpler." And since I am working on some "complex, enterprise software" - and being aware of how notorious this kind of stuff is for NOT being friendly and easy to use - I feel drawn to try and break that trend by making things that are both powerful and flexible, but without being confusing and difficult. It's a difficult balance to strike, and I don't claim to have all the answers, but at least acknowledging the problem and having that as a goal is a start, I think. I think there are some interesting things you can do to innovate in that space, but I'm not sure any of the ideas floating around in my head are interesting enough to help a digg/reddit competitor overtake them. My focus is on using that kind of technology "behind the firewall" as part of an organizational "knowledge management" type system. To that end, I've been working on a very reddit-like system lately... the actual code is pretty raw still, but I've been rambling about ideas on the blog a lot lately. Feel free to look it over and see if anything I've written inspires an idea. http://www.jroller.com/openqabal Off the top of my head, the main things I've got right now that reddit doesn't are: sharing links via XMPP message and tagging. I think there's also room to do a better job of recommending things. The "related items" list on reddit is - IMO - often times pretty sad. use RSS feeds as auto-submission source. That's another feature I'm planning for my "reddit like" system. But, again, I'm not aiming for something that's Web facing and deployed on Internet scale. But I'm glad to see somebody else thinks that is a good idea. Recommending feeds, or bundles of related feeds, might be interesting to do as well. I'ts hardly fair to ask to see 5 companies who have already grown from bootstrap stage to "national prominence" as a lot of the conditions that have helped create this "bootstrap friendly" environment are still fairly young. Open Source software, relatively inexpensive hosting / cloud computing, rapid development using "convention over configuration" frameworks, etc. are all part of the ecosystem that have led people to believe that you can build a technology company without outside funding. I'd argue that most everybody noticing the confluence of those forces, and starting to build a company, have not yet had time to grow their company to a large size and level of prominence. It's back? This should almost be one of his points. (I agree with his enumerated points.) Figuring out what you want from blogging or writing or anything really is half the battle. That's a great point. Half (or more) of the blog posts I write are actually more of me "thinking out loud" than anything. So they're full of stuff that you would normally look at and say "well that's rubbish." Well, it is rubbish if the goal is well-written prose designed to convey a message with some particular aesthetic sense. But if the goal is "give me an avenue to think through this problem, while potentially communicating something of value to somebody thinking about the same things, and maybe elicit a comment that helps my thinking" then what I write is (more or less) adequate. Interesting stuff. I just take melatonin ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Melatonin ) personally, but I might experiment with that approach sometime. Melatonin is supposedly pretty safe, but sometimes I still feel kinda groggy in the mornings after taking it. Does it have to be a web startup? :-) How about an enterprise software startup? Anyway, my IM address is motley.crue.fan@gmail.com (XMPP/GTalk). Tapping Into Unstructured Data: http://www.amazon.com/Tapping-into-Unstructured-Data-Intelli... Mining The Talk: http://www.amazon.com/Mining-Talk-Unlocking-Unstructured-Inf... Text Mining Application Programming: http://www.amazon.com/Text-Mining-Application-Programming/dp... Introduction to Information Retrieval (available freely online): http://nlp.stanford.edu/IR-book/information-retrieval-book.h... Wow, that really sucks. I love both sites, and FM in particular has been around - and been a big part of the open source world - for what feels like forever. If Freshmeat really goes away, that feels like the end of an era. :-( That said, here's an opportunity for somebody who wants to put together a new clone site... Maybe featuring the best parts of Freshmeat + Ohloh? Wouldn't people who are already founders / co-founders probably be too busy to take on any other projects? Or do you mean "has been a founder in the past" as opposed to "currently in the middle of founding something?" Ah, gotcha. That makes a lot more sense! That's good stuff, thanks for sharing! When you approach things from an engineering perspective, it is appealing to lock yourself away and "just hack," that's for sure. In fact, I've been doing a lot of that myself, and just a couple of nights ago somebody on IRC was sorta-kinda calling me out on not having other people involved. So I guess I can say - to some extent - "I feel your pain." One thing though: Get feedback where you can; talk database schema with the DBA in the break room at your day job while he’s refilling his coffee; share your ongoing startup problems with family and friends who’ve launched businesses before; join online news groups and connect with other people familiar with your problem domain; just stay in contact. I 99.9% agree with that. The .1 percent is the part of me that's reluctant to talk too much about startup ambitions around the day-job. Depending on the circumstances, your relationship with your employer, any binding legal agreements, etc., you might or might not want your day-job people being too aware of what you're doing in the startup realm. one repeat founder can create a great MVP in a month by locking himself in a closet. But can he create a startup by himself? A viable one? Sure, he's got a better chance if it's his 2nd or 3rd or nth time around... but even so, you have to have feedback at some point... you probably can't literally (except in rare cases) be a true "one person startup." Even if the other people aren't founders there are still most likely going to be other people involved. I hear ya, bro. I turn 37 in about a month as well. Lately I definitely hear the clock ticking, and I'm feeling a sense of urgency I never had before. Whoah. I bought that book quite a long time ago and never got around to reading it. Thanks for reminding me, it's probably about time to pull it off the shelf and read it. 3. It is better to be first in the mind than to be first in the marketplace. Need more context to understand exactly what point this is making. This is either very insightful or just plain weird. 4. Marketing is not a battle of products, it's a battle of perceptions. Yeah, absolutely. See OS/2 vs. Windows 3.x 5. The most powerful concept in marketing is owning a word in the prospect's mind. This may be the most valuable one of all. When you create default mental associations, so that people make decisions on instinct without even considering alternatives, or at least make your brand the "default choice unless there's a compelling reason otherwise" then you're in good shape. 6. Two companies cannot own the same word in the prospect's mind. Interesting point. Clickable link: https://spreadsheets.google.com/ccc?key=0AmQExXr67OcTdDBZZl9... There's a fairly compelling argument to be made for hiring (somewhat) older folks that goes something like this (attribution: cribbed from Donnie Deutsch): "Hire 30-somethings who haven't done anything yet. They're hungry to take that step to the 'next level' and prove themselves." He's talking about hiring people with talent of course; but people who haven't - yet - taken that big leap to really go to the next level success wise. I think there's something to that. Speaking as a 36 year old who feels like he hasn't reached "the next level" himself, it rings true to me. Gnarly! Have you put much effort into publicizing the app yet? I had not heard of it until now, but think you've got something very nice there. Hope it gets plenty of attention, as this kind of thing sorta needs the "network effect" to be truly useful. Absolutely. But now's different... and someone who's programmed in C since the 90s is going to be really upset when they sign up for a startup and they're coding in Ruby. For the sake of argument, let's assume that "Ruby" in that sentence is a proxy for any of the "newish" langauges that are out there. If we can go with that assumption... Well, let' see; as somebody who started programming in the 90's with C and C++, I would say that your assertion is simply not true. Maybe some people are dinosaurs and don't change with the times, but I made the switch from (primarily) C/C++ to (primarily) Java about 2002, and started dabbling in Erlang and Ruby about 2008, and am doing a lot of work in Groovy now, while spending some time learning Scala and Clojure. (Speaking of which, there's a TriJVM Hack Night tonight, for anybody in the RTP area! http://www.meetup.com/TriJVM/calendar/13771811/ ) And I've written some Python and Ruby as well. So no - based on my experience (and observations of colleagues about my age) I don't think it holds that somebody who was doing C/C++ in the 90's is necessarily a fossil who won't be interested in doing Ruby (or whatever). To be fair though, I was just starting in programming in the 90's, so I may be younger than whatever stereotypical character you had in mind by saying that. I still think it's dangerous to generalize in this fashion though. If you have to ask "Where's RTP" then you're probably too far away to participate anyway... but for the people who don't know about RTP already: It's Research Triangle Park, an area in North Carolina, roughly bounded by the cities of Raleigh, Durham and Chapel Hill. Or, by the universities of UNC-Chapel Hill, Duke, and North Carolina State, if you'd rather look at it that way. http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Research_Triangle_Park I'm actually working in Morrisville during the day these days, so I'd be down with either M'ville or Brier Creek. I actually know a spot that might make a good venue, that's in M'ville not far from my office. I'll give them a call and see if it's suitable, and maybe try to line something up. I just came back from lunch with a guy that I consider an informal "advisor" and who I hope may agree to join my advisory board later. We met at a LinkedIn themed networking event, aka "LinkedIn Live." Not sure if those happen all over or not, but here in the Raleigh area, there's a guy who hosts a networking event about once a quarter that's targeted at people in this area who are connected to each other, through him, on LinkedIn. I find those kind of events valuable, but you have to separate a lot of chaff from the wheat, ya know. That is, in a given night, you might meet 70 people and collect 50 business cards, but maybe only one or two of those people will actually offer any kind of mutually beneficial connection in the future. As for LinkedIn itself, yeah, I occasionally get cold contacts from people who said "I saw your profile, looks like you're interested in some of the same stuff I am, let's meet" or "Looks like you're an entrepreneur, I like meeting people like that, let's grab coffee." Some of those connections have been some of the more interesting / useful ones I've made, to be honest. Other thoughts: leverage former co-workers or classmates. Want to meet a professor who teaches a certain topic, because you think he might have useful info or be a potential advisor? Maybe a coworker graduated from that school and knows him/her. Don't be shy about calling around and asking people. Maintain a big list of connections, even if they're "weak ties" Weak ties can be very useful: http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Interpersonal_ties#Weak_tie_hyp... Also, Barcamp or similar events. If your town doesn't have a HN Meetup / Open Coffee Club or something similar, start one. If there is one, join it and attend. Join "business development" related Meetups on Meetup.com, if there are any near you. There's potential to meet people all over the place, look around. Does a local community college or university offer free seminars for entrepreneurs? Attend those, even if the content isn't all that interesting, just to meet the other people. Go to a Startup Weekend. Hang out in the "business" section at Barnes & Noble or Borders and strike up conversations with random people. If you see somebody reading an interesting book in the cafe at Barnes & Noble or Borders, strike up a conversation. Edit: another thought on LinkedIn. Use it to find and connect with people from former employers, who worked in different departments, even if you didn't know them well. In my experience, most people will accept link requests if you actually worked at the same company at the same time, even if they don't really know you on a deep level. So, if you are, say, a techie, and looking to make some biz dev connections... go back to a former employer, link with the marketing / biz dev / sales people from there, and message them and arrange to meet for coffee or drinks or what-have-you. Even if they can't help you themselves, the'll likely have other contacts they can refer you to. Yes maybe you can find advisers with your best interests at heart by ferociously networking. But in my experience it's a long shot. Why is some (essentially random) guy with lots of experience gonna help you for free? Ego. When you tell somebody "I value your opinion and want your feedback" it's an ego boost. Everybody likes to feel valued, and everybody like to talk and give their opinion. Look at us, just now, answering this question. We're not getting paid for this, right? And some people simply like helping other people, for whatever reason. Maybe somebody loaned them a hand when they were first starting out, and now they feel a need to reciprocate by helping others. Maybe there's no such thing as pure altruism, but there are people who derive pleasure from helping others and sharing information and advice. Finally, you can always offer equity in your startup. Some reading I've been doing lately suggests that it's normal to offer a small chunk of equity n exchange for a more formal relationship / commitment from an advisor. Edit: and re our discussion here, on this thread: a couple of passing minutes to spit out a comment is not exactly in them same league as committing to being a company's adviser. Well clearly there are degrees of commitment. I think you might be surprised how much people are willing to help, for free. But, as I said, there may come a point where you have to compensate an advisor if you want a certain level of commitment. But for startups, depending on exactly how much you're asking of your advisors, you may be able to simply give them a fairly small equity stake, in exchange for their help. This is only going to happen if there is some personal connection. Well, yeah. Of course. But you have to meet somehow and form the initial connection, in order for that deeper connection to grow. Maybe your advisor becomes somebody you met while networking 3 years ago (of course, pointing that out probably isn't helping the OP much) and formed a friendship with. If you're a busy geek, invest in a crock pot. Crock pots make cooking pretty simple... and if you're single (and not scared to leave an appliance turned on while you're gone to work during the day) you can coordinate it so that you have a nice, hot, freshly cooked meal waiting for you when you come home, no significant-other required. (Or "your mom" or a paid chef, or whoever else would cook for you if you didn't do it.) Just fix up the ingredients the night before, and put everything in the refrigerator. Morning comes, just pour the "stuff" into the crock pot and turn it on the "slow" setting and head out. Come home approx 8 hours later and bob's your uncle. There are plenty of good books available with piles of slow-cooker recipes as well, and I'm sure you can find plenty on the 'net. Seriously, give it a try. Most of the answers you'll probably get are pretty cliched, but that's OK... they're popular answers for a reason. So, might as well get it out of the way: Figure out what you like doing, and find ways to spend more time doing that. Ok, that said... in real-life, sometimes we have conflicting desires and tradeoffs have to be made. If I like doing "X" and "B" but "B" pays way better, and I also want "Y" which requires money, then maybe "B" is the better choice, even if I actually like "X" a little more. Or not. The point is, there are no perfect decisions... life is a series of trade-offs, learning experiences and opportunities to re-evaluate things. If I have any useful advise to give, I'd say something like: 1. Above all, stay true to yourself vis-a-vis principles and values. Don't compromise on who you are or what you believe in, just to make a buck or whatever. 2. Try to avoid decisions that lock you too firmly onto one path. While it's true - after a fashion - that it's "never too late to $FOO", inertia and lock-in are powerful forces. Sometimes you have to pick, jobs, locations to live, significant others, etc., but try to always keep an eye towards keeping your options open. 3. All of that said, read "Hero With A Thousand Faces" by Joseph Campbell. http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/The_Hero_with_a_Thousand_Faces Watch the movie "Vision Quest" Think about what you want your purpose, your quest, your defining goal to be. Pursue it whole-heartedly. Watch that old Kevin Costner movie "Tin Cup" as well. It's silly, but there's some great wisdom there. 4. Realize that the old saw about "Winners never quit and Quitters never win" is true but represents a double-edged sword of sorts. Read "Moby Dick" and imagine Captain Ahab muttering to himself "Winners never quit, winners never quit..." There's a fine line between determination and obsession. Unfortunately you might not recognize it until you cross it. Some lessons you just have to learn through experience. 5. On the sexual frustration thing... I'm hesitant to say this, because it can open a big can of worms for some people and lead to more obsession, but... If you're not good at connecting with women, there is useful knowledge to be found in the "PUA community" (or "Seduction Community" if you like). There's a lot of BS as well, but some people do gain from getting involved in that. http://www.fastseduction.com Ok, here we go. RTP Hackers & Founders / Open Coffee Club Meetup formed. See: http://www.meetup.com/RTP-Hackers-Founders/ For those of you who expressed interest ( http://news.ycombinator.com/item?id=1440313 ) in an RTP area meetup for "us" types, here ya go. First meetup isn't scheduled yet, we'll do it once a few people join the group. Please help spread the word... Java's not actually a bad choice, considering some of the tools that are available. Hadoop[1], HBase[2], etc. Depending on what you are trying to accomplish of course, you could also include Lucene[3], Solr[4], Mahout[5] and Weka[6] in that list. Of course cool Java libraries don't mean you have to work in Java. Scala[7] seems to be gaining quite a bit of momentum, as does Clojure[8]. From your reading list, it sounds like you may be interested in predictive analysis, machine learning, etc. If so, Python[9] is pretty popular in those circles and has some nice libraries available as well[10]. And you can do neat things like use a Hadoop cluster for map/reduce processing, even if you have a client written in Python (or whatever)[11]. Of course Map/Reduce[12] isn't the only distributed processing model out there. You might want to learn MPI[13] then explore the MPI bindings that are available for many (most?) languages, and look at other models of distributed / parallel computing. Anyway, to summarize, I'd say that if you already know one or more of Java, Python, C, C++ or Scala, you're in good shape. If not, some combination of the above should fit the bill. And yes, R might be handy as well. Not to take anything away from Erlang, Haskell, Forth, Factor, Scheme, Lisp, OCaml, Perl, or any other language of course. I'm just not as familiar with those so I can't say much about them. 1. http://hadoop.apache.org/core/ 2. http://hbase.apache.org/ 3. http://lucene.apache.org/java/docs/ 4. http://lucene.apache.org/solr/ 5. http://mahout.apache.org/ 6. http://www.cs.waikato.ac.nz/ml/weka/ 7. http://www.scala-lang.org/ 8. http://clojure.org/ 9. http://www.python.org/ 10. http://www.google.com/search?q=python+machine+learning 11. http://www.michael-noll.com/wiki/Writing_An_Hadoop_MapReduce... 12. http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/MapReduce 13. http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Message_Passing_Interface You're probably quite right. I didn't give Clojure a stronger endorsement only because I don't know it very well yet myself... I'm just starting with it. I wasn't aware of either Incanter or Cascalog, for example, until you mentioned them. We have a Hackers & Founders / Open Coffee Club going in the RTP, NC area now as well: http://www.meetup.com/RTP-Hackers-Founders/ It's a case of misplaced metrics. I can't find the name of the paper or the researcher, but I believe it's been shown that when you try to reward/punish some metric of productivity, invariably the employees will begin to maximize that metric, perhaps at the expense of productivity. You may be thinking of the Hawthorne Effect. http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Hawthorne_effect It's a lot of stuff, measured in man years of effort over the lifetime of a software project as big as Firefox. And they can eliminate it all with a simple executive decision. They can eliminate 100% of their codebase, 100% of their bugs, and 100% of their support issues with a "simple executive decision" as well. So what? If you're going to build and distribute any kind of tool, you have to strike the right balance between the issues of flexibility, performance, ease of use, etc. But saying "strip out choices as a wholesale maneuver" is not even striving for balance. The only positive thing I can say about this mindset is that, since so much software is open source these days, at least forks can be created when products err too far on one side or the other of one of these lines. But is all that duplicated effort really benefiting the community? If you just want the knowledge, then quit worrying about this. It doesn't matter if you go to Miskatonic University or Stanford. If you're worried about getting a job... I say quit worrying about it anyway. Yeah, sure, there are some managers out there who have the mindset "I won't talk to you unless you went to Stanford or CMU or MIT." Most normal people, on the other hand, realize that the name of the university you attended is a pretty weak indicator, if it's an indicator of anything at all. If you're legitimately good at what you do, it'll show. And it won't matter one bit where you went to school, for 99% of employers. (disclaimer: 73.2% of all statistics are made up on the spot. The point still stands though, IMO.) Also, ask yourself if you want to work with the kind of pretentious snobs who spend their time worrying about shallow symbols of status as opposed to worrying about things that really matter. Likewise, as a former Lulu employee, I'm happy to see them getting positive mentions. They aren't perfect and their offerings have warts (like everybody) but by and large, they have a very nice offering. I wrote something like this for myself a while back, then stuck it up on GitHub. Its written in Java and generates all sorts of "user" related data. Addresses, emails, etc. Can also generate social-graph connections between the generated users. DummyDataGenerator: http://github.com/mindcrime/dummydatagenerator The most obvious thing is that they don't do enough to help you filter the wheat from the chaff. The sheer volume of news that's available is too much for anybody to consume... it is almost literally like trying to drink from a firehose. So our readers need to do a better job of helping us figure out which stories are relevant/interesting to us, give us ways to skim and summarize without reading the whole article, filter out "dupes", etc. Bummer. They managed to uphold Bilski without actually accomplishing anything. Well... without accomplishing much anyway. Maybe this decision will help every so slightly in terms of establishing more firmly that an "abstract idea" can't be patented, but I why wouldn't they have taken a firmer stand... especially one that would have effectively eliminated software and business method patents? What I really want is a decent fucking co-founder who can show up at 9 (or 10 AM if he absolutely needs an extra hour of sleep) and be a professional. Does any one have an idea on how to motivate him to do this? Honestly, I think you're as much at fault as he is. First, if you wanted to dictate each others hours, you should have made an agreement about that before hand. Sounds like you assumed he would keep to your schedule and he had different ideas. That's a communication problem that should have been resolved earlier, but wasn't. That said, there's nothing unprofessional about him showing up at 10:00 or 11:00 or 12:00 or whenever.. AS LONG AS: 1. He's pulling his share as far as delivering results. 2. His physical presence in the office isn't specifically needed for something, such as a meeting. If there's a meeting or something on the schedule and he shows up late, then yes, that is unprofessional. But if he's meant to just show up and sit in a cube|office and write code, it really doesn't matter. You're acting as though your personal standards for professionalism and punctuality are somehow objectively "the truth" and should apply universally. Guess what.. you're wrong. You can't just impose your standards and your will on everybody around you. Sounds like you guys really just need to sit down and talk, maybe with a mediator of some sort (nothing official probably, maybe just a trusted 3rd party or advisor) and see it you can reach a mutually acceptable agreement. Well, it can help you, but it's not "self-help." Just a lot of information on how persuasion works and how to influence people. It's considered one of the classics in that area and is - IMO - definitely worth a read. Exactly. It still hasn't come completely to pass, but Om Malik made a good point about social networks being "Just a feature." http://gigaom.com/2007/02/05/are-social-networks-just-a-feat... Eventually "social networking" like features will be ubiquitous and your social graph will be federated across many different sites using standard protocols. Facebook won't be anything special, but just another portal (view) into your social network experience. Unless they try to remain a "walled garden" in which case they'll be nothing, eventually. I only beseech your wisdom about what mistakes/naivetes I'll incur in my twenties Strangely enough, a lot of the things you look back on as being "silly" from high-school, really aren't. From a certain point of view. You can only truly live in "the now" and what seems important right now, really is what's important right now. Not to sound fatalistic, but we're not guaranteed anything, not even to wake up tomorrow. That said, probably the biggest thing I look back on my twenties and think "I was wrong about this" about is this: When I was in my twenties, I had no conception of just how short life is, and how quickly some opportunities can vanish. So I was too patient. I believed "patience is a virtue" (and in some ways it is) but I was probably too patient, too willing to take my time and "wait for things to develop." In retrospect, there are times when being more aggressive and forcing the issue is called for. Like Bon Jovi sang: Luck, it ain't enough, you gotta make your own breaks. It's my life. It's now or never. I ain't going to live forever. I just want to live while I'm alive ... Sometimes you really have to say "fuck it, I'm making this shit happen and I ain't waiting." The kicker is, there are still times when patience IS a virtue. The tough part is telling the difference. So if I had any advice for 20-something, it would be to think long and hard about situations and opportunities, do some "scenario analysis" and really consider when it's necessary to go balls out and go for broke and be aggressive. I wish I could say there's an easy way to tell the difference, but even now at 37, I still don't know for sure. But at least be aware... You can't always just wait, wait, wait. - Stick to a daily exercise routine at all costs Yes, absolutely this. I can't reiterate that strongly enough. Do NOT make the mistake of letting your fitness go by the wayside. The older you get the harder it is to maintain (or increase) your fitness level... and if you spend a decade sitting on your bum eating chips and getting fat, it's a royal pain to get back into shape. Don't ask me how I know this. :-) Am I the only one who really doesn't give a shit about FourSquare or any of these "checkin" services? The whole thing seems stupid and strikes me as a total waste of time. Is there anything actually to this? If I'm missing something, somebody please enlighten me... I've always thought of being a Hacker as more of a mindset than a badge of accomplishment. There are famous or great Hackers, like Linus or Stallman or whoever, but I've always thought of anybody who codes and has a passion for exploring new things, learning, pushing the boundaries, optimization, novel techniques, etc. as a Hacker. And of course that's only within the context of writing software. The "hacker mentality" is really independent of coding. As far as I'm concerned, you can "hack" any sort of system, so there's no reason there couldn't be "hacker lawyers,"hacker librarians," "hacker doctors," etc. Well, you could try. But you'd be fighting a lot of history and inertia. The "Hacker Subculture" has been around for quite a while and that usage of the word is pretty commonplace. http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Hacker_%28programmer_subculture... http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Hackers:_Heroes_of_the_Computer... Yeah, but that's not exactly "stretching it's capabilities." Ultimately labels are just conveniences. Anybody can call themselves a Hacker if they want to, even if they don't even know Ctrl+S. But the rest of the world is free to acknowledge or ignore their self-label. Personally I'm quite happy with that state of affairs. The last thing I'd want is a Bureau of Hackers that you have to fill out 3 forms, in triplicate and pay a "filing fee" to every year, in order to be called a Hacker. :-) My ideas about how our legal system should change are pretty radical (anarcho-capitalist / libertarian here), so it's hard to say just one simple law without making it either something that sounds glib, or something that I actually consider fairly insignificant. That said... As long as we have our more-or-less current government, I'd say maybe more term-limits at all levels of government. Something to try and prevent the existence of "career politicians." I'd like to cycle these folks through quick enough that they don't have time to become totally corrupt. Edit: Oh, wait, here's one I'd like to go with that could actually help. Require judges to inform all juries of their right to nullify based on finding the law invalid, regardless of the facts. http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Jury_nullification I flag (some) political stories, not because they disagree with my worldview, but because the guidelines say they're offtopic. If people want to talk politics, there are plenty of forums for that. /r/politics on reddit being a good example. But I don't flag something just because it's political. If there's something about it that makes it seem like it would be of particular interest to HN readers, I leave it be. Well, I'm reading / writing this using Chrome 6.0.447.0 dev, and the Firefox that's installed on this box is the FF4 beta candidate... so yeah, I guess I try to stay fairly close to the bleeding edge. What if he just uses aggregators and doesn't really follow individual blogs? That's what I've drifted towards recently... I couldn't name 1 blog I follow specifically, much less 10. But if you wanted to know the top 10 aggregator sites, it'd be something like: 1. http://news.ycombinator.com 2. http://programming.reddit.com 3. http://machinelearning.reddit.com 4. http://artificial.reddit.com 5. http://www.slashdot.org 6. http://planet.trilug.org 7. http://datasets.reddit.com 8. http://compsci.reddit.com 9. http://sysor.reddit.com 10. http://economics.reddit.com What would one deduce from that? I'd like to get your feedback on how good you are with women, since I'm working on a solution for this problem many men have What kind of solution do you have in mind? Are you aware of all of the thought that has gone into this area via the "seduction community?" I was the stereotypical nerdy/geeky kid growing up and was always really shy when it came to talking to women and have not had a tremendous amount of success in that regard. But the lessons I learned from the seduction community / PUA community have made a big difference for me. I still wouldn't call myself good with women, but better than I was. I won't even take a stab at quantifying that though... the whole thing is just a bit too nebulous, IMO. I have a friend / former co-worker whose sister is a graphics design student. She (the sister) created the last logo I needed, and I'll probably go back to her in the future. It's taken me a long time, but I have successfully gone from being extremely shy and introverted to a state where I'm fairly outgoing and can converse /mingle with strangers with relative ease. I'm still not the best when it comes to dealing with girls, but I think that's as much because I'm simply a quirky, geeky guy at heart, as any residual shyness. I do approach attractive women in bars and clubs, or bookstores, or cafes, or at the grocery store, and talk to them, and sometimes get their phonenumbers and later go out with them. So yeah, it can be done, if that's what you're wondering. Don't expect miracles overnight though. Just keep working at it, and take any "small victories" you can get. Something that is somewhat effective is to go to a mall and walk into all sorts of retail stores and talk to the sales people... they're basically paid to be nice to you, so unless you're so socially awkward that you say something totally inappropriate, or unless you smell funny, or something, you should be able to chit-chat for at least a few minutes. Just keep doing that and over time you'll find it easier and easier. Talking to guys is important too. The stuff on fastseduction.com is good, but don't forget that you'll want to be able to be sociable with everybody, guys and girls. That has all sorts of applications... the more comfortable you are making small-talk and shooting the breeze with other guys, the easier it will be to meet girls. Sounds counter-intuitive, but trust me, it's true. If you really want to experiment a bit, you can try something that Ross Jeffries suggests. The idea is to try to start a conversation in a way that should get you rejected and totally blown off... it's conditioning to get used to the idea that talking to people is just a game and really no big deal. It goes something like this... go to the mall, walk around, and approach somebody and go "Excuse me, my name is Manny the Martian... what's your favorite flavor of bowling ball?" There are also a lot of good books on how to make small-talk and how to deal with people. You'll usually find them in the "self-help" section at a bookstore. Something like "How to Win Friends and Influence People" would probably be useful to you. But yeah, unless you have some serious deep-rooted psychological mumbo-jumbo going on, simply going out and putting some effort into talking to people should help, eventually. Oh, one last thing... make it a point to keep up with what's going on in the world, so you'll have stuff to talk about and so you'll understand comments other people make. As stupid as it sounds, a quick brush through and issue of Star or People every now and then isn't a bad idea, just to know a little "celebrity gossip." I don't mean get addicted to following that crap, but at least have a vague notion of what people mean if they say "So, what about that thing with Brad and Jen?" or whatever. Maybe check the headlines on Google News or a local newspaper before going out as well. If you carry a smartphone with 'net access, just check the news while you're out and if there's an interesting headline, there's your conversation opener. "Hey, did you guys see this... BP's CEO was found hung in his home last night!!" or whatever. Hosting: Slicehost, Amazon AWS (EC2), Time Warner Cable (a couple of servers sitting in the spare room in my apartment) And, er, um, that's about it right now. We're really not far along enough to need much more. Construction crew on a group building a golf course. One day my job was - literally - to walk around and pick up rocks and sticks and what-not. In the 98 degree heat and sweltering humidity of NC in the summertime... with no shade to be found. For not much more than minimum wage. Outside of that, my dad was in the logging business when I was a kid, so I worked summers during high-school helping him cut down trees and load them onto a truck to haul to the paper mill. That was more being outside, doing hard physical labor, in NC, in the summertime. And I'm not even sure I got paid, now that I think about it... :-) Well... I took the entire week off from my day job, so I could work on my startup project. Some background: My stuff is all open-source, and I'd been working on it under a name that I'd picked out 2+ years ago. But development had kinda stalled out a while back, and I'd never aggressively promoted the project and tried to solicit much outside help. So I started working on it hard again earlier this year, but changed directions fairly substantially. Switched to coding in Groovy/Grails at the same time, and have made tremendous progress. What I've done this week: 1. Write a pile of Groovy code, making fixes and tweaks to the actual project. 2. Renamed the open-source project, and started moving the development from java.net to a combination of Google Code and GitHub. 3. Spun up two new slices at Slicehost, and started building two new servers: One for infrastructure "stuff" (Bugzilla, Hudson, etc.) and one for a demo site where the public demo will live. 4. Started working on the "Community" section of my company website, which will contain information about the open-source side of things. I'm setting up something similar to the what JBoss has; with their site divided into "JBoss.com" and "JBoss.org" where the .org site is aimed towards developers and users of the open-source code 5. Need to rewrite all of the copy on the company website to reflect the new focus. I'm basically reusing a company name and domain I'd setup to use for doing consulting / freelance development... so the website talks about all of that, instead of the product I'm working on. The goal is to have all of the code moved to Google Code / GitHub, have the public demo up and running, have Bugzilla installed and setup, and have all the new website copy done, before I go back to work on Monday. Screenshots: http://imgur.com/mR50F.png http://imgur.com/kcfL2.png http://imgur.com/dOo8L.png I don't believe in any sort of anthropomorphic "God" that actively manipulates human affairs and is responsible for creating the universe, etc. Now if you want to use "God" as a sort of label for some vague concept of "whatever we don't know, and will probably never know, about how the universe came to be, and why the laws of physics are what they are" etc., then sure, talk about "God" all you want. Personally it's not something I find to be particularly relevant to my day to day life. Why do I believe this? Because incredible claims require incredible proof, and I haven't seen any proof for any of the claims about deities that various religions make, that don't have a better answer rooted in scientific knowledge. And while I don't hold science to be perfect, I find it more credible because science makes testable predictions, whose results have allowed us to manipulate the world we live in, in tangible ways. See: electricity, automobiles, jet airplanes, cruise ships, etc., etc. when we heard this story we had to look it to remember it so we included the Wikipedia link That reads kinda confusingly. Honestly, I'd lean towards just taking that bit out altogether, to me it interrupts the flow of the story you're trying to tell. I wholeheartedly agree with the sentiments expressed in this post, but I'm not sure it's on-topic for HN. If it gets killed here though, I hope it finds wide circulation elsewhere. People need to see this stuff. Nineteen Eighty Four - George Orwell Brave New World - Aldous Huxley Fahrenheit 451 - Ray Bradbury The Fountainhead - Ayn Rand Foundation Trilogy -Isaac Asimov The Game: Penetrating The Secret Society of Pickup Artists - Neil Strauss The Law - Frédéric Bastiat Thus Spoke Zarathustra - Friedrich Nietzsche The Moon Is A Harsh Mistress - Robert Heinlein Cyberpunk: Outlaws and Hackers on the Computer Frontier - Katie Hafner & John Markoff It's Not How Good You Are, Its How Good You Want to Be: The World's Best Selling Book - Paul Arden Are ones that stand out. I'm sure a lot of other books helped shape my worldview though, especially ones I read as a kid. The "Tom Swift Jr." adventures, the "Three Investigators" stories, the "Nancy Drew" and "The Hardy Boys" ones, and those "Encyclopedia Brown" books all stand out in my memory as probably being influential. And later in life, I'd say Dean Koontz' work has had something of an impact. I'm reading this now. Things like this remind me of why I love the Internet. So much great knowledge, freely available for everyone. It boggles the imagination sometimes. Also, another book that some HN'ers might find interesting is this one: Information Theory, Inference, and Learning Algorithms: http://www.inference.phy.cam.ac.uk/itprnn/book.html